--- Page 1 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
1 
 
 
 
BASE PROSPECTUS 
 
CAIXABANK, S.A. 
(incorporated as a limited liability company (sociedad anónima) in Spain) 
EURO 30,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Under this Euro 30,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the Programme described in this Base Prospectus 
(which replaces the previous Base Prospectus dated 23 April 2020, in respect of the Programme)), CaixaBank, S.A. (the 
Issuer, the Bank or CaixaBank) may from time to time issue notes governed by English law (the English Law Notes) 
and notes governed by Spanish law (the Spanish Law Notes and together with the English Law Notes, the Notes), as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms.  The terms and conditions of the English Law Notes (the English Law 
Conditions) are set out herein in the section headed "Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes" and the terms and 
conditions of the Spanish Law Notes (the Spanish Law Conditions) are set out herein in the section headed "Terms and 
Conditions of the Spanish Law Notes".  References to the "Notes" shall be to the English Law Notes and/or the Spanish 
Law Notes, as appropriate, and reference to the "Terms and Conditions", "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" or the 
"Conditions" shall be to the English Law Conditions and/or the Spanish Law Conditions, as appropriate.  For the 
avoidance of doubt, in the English Law Conditions, references to the "Notes" shall be to the English Law Notes, and in 
the Spanish Law Conditions, references to the "Notes" shall be to the Spanish Law Notes.  Notes may be denominated in 
any currency agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer (as defined below) subject to any applicable legal or 
regulatory restrictions.  CaixaBank and its subsidiaries comprise the CaixaBank Group (the CaixaBank Group or the 
Group).  
The Final Terms (as defined below) for each Tranche (as defined under "Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes" 
and "Terms and Conditions of the Spanish Law Notes", as applicable) of Notes will state whether the Notes of such 
Tranche are to be (a) Senior Notes or (b) Subordinated Notes and, if Senior Notes, whether such notes are (i) Ordinary 
Senior Notes or (ii) Senior Non-Preferred Notes and, if Subordinated Notes, whether such Notes are (i) Senior 
Subordinated Notes or (ii) Tier 2 Subordinated Notes.  
The maximum aggregate original nominal amount of all Notes from time to time outstanding under the Programme will 
not exceed Euro 30,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies calculated as described in the Programme 
Agreement described herein), subject to increase as described herein. 
Notes may be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the Dealers specified under "Overview of the Programme" 
and any additional Dealer appointed under the Programme from time to time by the Issuer (each a Dealer and together 
the Dealers), which appointment may be for a specific issue or on an ongoing basis.  References in this Base Prospectus 
to the relevant Dealer shall, in the case of an issue of Notes being (or intended to be) subscribed by more than one Dealer, 
be to all Dealers agreeing to subscribe such Notes. 
An investment in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks.  For a discussion of these risks see 
"Risk Factors".  
Potential investors should note the statements on pages 249 – 255 regarding the tax treatment in Spain of income obtained 
in respect of Notes and the disclosure requirements imposed by Law 10/2014 (as defined below) on the Issuer.  In

--- Page 2 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
2 
 
 
particular, payments on Notes may be subject to Spanish withholding tax if certain information relating to Notes is not 
received by the Issuer in a timely manner. 
This document has been approved as a base prospectus by the Central Bank of Ireland (the CBI) in its capacity as 
competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the Prospectus Regulation).  The CBI only approves this Base 
Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus 
Regulation.  Approval by the CBI should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or of the quality of the Notes.  
Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes  
Such approval relates only to Notes that are to be admitted to trading on the regulated market (the Euronext Dublin 
Regulated Market) of The Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin (Euronext Dublin) or on another 
regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended (MiFID II) or that are to be offered to the public 
in any Member State of the European Economic Area (the EEA) in circumstances that require the publication of a 
prospectus. 
Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for Notes issued under the Programme during the period of 12 months 
from the date of this Base Prospectus to be admitted to its official list (the Official List) and trading on the Euronext 
Dublin Regulated Market.  References in the Base Prospectus to Notes being "listed" (and all related references) shall 
mean that such Notes have been admitted to listing on the Official List of Euronext Dublin and admitted to trading on the 
Euronext Dublin Regulated Market or, as the case may be, a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II.  The Euronext 
Dublin Regulated Market is a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II.  This document may be used to list Notes 
on the Euronext Dublin Regulated Market pursuant to the Programme. 
This Base Prospectus (as supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable) is valid for 12 months from its date 
in relation to Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market in the EEA.  The obligation to 
supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy 
does not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
The requirement to publish a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation only applies to Notes which are to be admitted 
to trading on a regulated market in the EEA and/or offered to the public in the EEA other than in circumstances where an 
exemption is available under Article 1(4) and/or Article 3(2) of the Prospectus Regulation.   
Notice of the aggregate original nominal amount of Notes, interest (if any) payable in respect of Notes, the issue price of 
Notes and certain other information which is applicable to each Tranche (as defined under "Terms and Conditions of the 
English Law Notes" and "Terms and Conditions of the Spanish Law Notes", as applicable) of Notes will be set out in a 
final terms document (the Final Terms) which will be delivered to the CBI and, where listed, Euronext Dublin.  Copies 
of Final Terms in relation to Notes to be listed on Euronext Dublin will also be published on the website of Euronext 
Dublin (www.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin). 
The Programme provides that Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on such other or further 
stock exchanges or markets as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the 
Securities Act) or the securities laws of any state in the United States and are subject to U.S. tax law requirements.  
Subject to certain exceptions, Notes may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or to, or for the account 
or benefit of, U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act) (see "Subscription and Sale"). 
The Issuer's long term ratings are Baa1 (stable outlook) by Moodyꞌs Investors Service España, S.A. (Moody's), BBB+ 
(stable outlook) by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited (S&P Global), BBB+ (negative outlook) by Fitch Ratings 
Ireland Limited (Fitch) and A (Stable Trend) by DBRS Ratings GmbH (DBRS).  Each of Moody's, S&P Global, Fitch 
and DBRS is established in the European Union (EU) and is registered under the Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as 
amended) (the CRA Regulation).  As such each of Moody's, S&P Global, Fitch and DBRS is included in the list of credit 
rating agencies published by the European Securities and Markets Authority (ESMA) on its website (at 
http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-and-certified-CRAs) in accordance with the CRA Regulation. None of

--- Page 3 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
3 
 
 
Moody's, S&P Global, Fitch or DBRS are established in the United Kingdom, however they are each part of a group in 
respect of which one of its undertakings is (i) established in the United Kingdom, and (ii) is registered in accordance with 
the CRA Regulation as it forms part of the domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the EUWA (the UK CRA 
Regulation). The Issuer ratings issued by Moody's, S&P Global, Fitch and DBRS have been endorsed by Moody’s 
Investors Service Limited, S&P Global Ratings UK Limited, Fitch Ratings Limited and DBRS Ratings Limited, 
respectively, in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation and have not been withdrawn. As such, the ratings issued by 
Moody's, S&P Global, Fitch and DBRS may be used for regulatory purposes in the United Kingdom in accordance with 
the UK CRA Regulation. 
Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated by any one or more of the rating agencies referred to above.  
Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, such rating will be disclosed in the Final Terms.  A security rating is not a 
recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by 
the assigning rating agency. 
MiFID II product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes will include a legend entitled 
"MiFID II Product Governance" which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which 
channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate.  Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the 
Notes (a distributor) should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID 
II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining 
the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID II Product Governance 
rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the MiFID Product Governance Rules), any Dealer subscribing for any 
Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their 
respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MIFID Product Governance Rules. 
UK MiFIR product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend 
entitled “UK MiFIR Product Governance” which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and 
which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending 
the Notes (a distributor) should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to 
the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product Governance 
Rules) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or 
refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither 
the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MIFIR 
Product Governance Rules.  
PRIIPs / IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes a legend 
entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors", the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the EEA.  For these 
purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 
4(1) of MiFID II; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, as amended (the Insurance 
Distribution Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 
4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation.  Consequently, no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014, as amended (the EU PRIIPs Regulation) for offering 
or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA will be prepared and therefore 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under 
the EU PRIIPs Regulation. 
UK PRIIPs / IMPORTANT – UK RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes a 
legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors", the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the UK. For these

--- Page 4 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
4 
 
 
purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 
of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of the domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services 
and Markets Act 2000 (FSMA) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, 
where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) 
No 600/2014 as it forms part of the domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified 
investor as defined in Article 2 of the Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of the domestic law of the United Kingdom 
by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it 
forms part of the domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for offering 
or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under 
the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
Amounts payable on Floating Rate Notes and Fixed Reset Notes may be calculated by reference to one of the Euro 
Interbank Offered Rate (EURIBOR), the London Interbank Offered Rate (LIBOR), the Sterling Overnight Index 
Average (SONIA) or the Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR), as specified in the relevant Final Terms, which are 
administered by the European Money Markets Institute (EMMI), ICE Benchmark Administration Limited (ICE), the 
Bank of England and the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, respectively.  As at the date of this Base Prospectus EMMI 
is included in the European Securities and Markets Authoritiesꞌ (ESMA) register of administrators and benchmarks under 
Article 36 of the Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 (the EU Benchmarks Regulation). ICE, the Bank of England and the 
Federal Reserve Bank of New York are not included in ESMA's register of administrators and benchmarks under Article 
36 of the EU Benchmarks Regulation. The transitional provisions in Article 51 of the EU Benchmarks Regulation apply, 
such that ICE Benchmark Administration Limited is not currently required to obtain recognition, endorsement or 
equivalence. As far as the Issuer is aware, SONIA and SOFR do not fall within the scope of the EU Benchmarks 
Regulation by virtue of Article 2 of the EU Benchmarks Regulation. Amounts payable on CMS Linked Interest Notes 
may be calculated by reference to one or more "benchmarks" for the purpose of the EU Benchmarks Regulation. In this 
case, a statement will be included in the applicable Final Terms as to whether or not the relevant administrator of the 
"benchmark" is included in ESMA's register of administrators and benchmarks under Article 36 of the EU Benchmarks 
Regulation.  
 
Arranger 
BARCLAYS 
Dealers  
BBVA 
Barclays 
BofA Securities 
BNP PARIBAS 
CaixaBank, S.A. 
Citigroup 
Commerzbank 
Crédit Agricole CIB 
Credit Suisse 
Deutsche Bank 
Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE 
HSBC 
J.P. Morgan 
Mediobanca - Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A. 
Morgan Stanley 
NATIXIS 
Nomura  
  Santander Corporate & Investment Banking (SCIB) 
Société Générale Corporate & Investment Banking 
UBS Investment Bank 
UniCredit 
The date of this Base Prospectus is 27 April 2021.

--- Page 5 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
5 
 
 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and the Final Terms for 
each Tranche of Notes issued under the Programme.  To the best of the knowledge of the Issuer the information 
contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and makes no omission likely to affect the 
import of such information. 
This Base Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with all documents which are deemed to be incorporated 
herein by reference (see "Documents Incorporated by Reference").  This Base Prospectus shall be read and 
construed on the basis that such documents are incorporated and form part of this Base Prospectus. 
Other than in relation to the documents which are deemed to be incorporated by reference (see "Documents 
Incorporated by Reference"), the information on the websites to which this Base Prospectus refers does not 
form part of this Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the CBI. 
The Dealers have not independently verified the information contained herein.  Accordingly, no representation, 
warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is made and no responsibility or liability is accepted by the 
Dealers as to the accuracy or completeness of the information contained or incorporated in this Base Prospectus 
or any other information provided by the Issuer in connection with the Programme or any responsibility 
accepted for any acts or omissions of the Issuer or any other person in connection with the Base Prospectus or 
the issue and offering of any Notes.  No Dealer accepts any liability in relation to the information contained 
or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or any other information provided by the Issuer in 
connection with the Programme. 
No person is or has been authorised by the Issuer to give any information or to make any representation not 
contained in or not consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection with 
the Programme or the Notes and, if given or made, such information or representation must not be relied upon 
as having been authorised by the Issuer or any of the Dealers. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any Final Terms or any other information supplied in connection with the 
Programme or any Notes (a) is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation or (b) should be 
considered as a recommendation by the Issuer or any of the Dealers that any recipient of this Base Prospectus 
or any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any Notes should purchase any Notes.  
Each investor contemplating purchasing any Notes should make its own independent investigation of the 
financial condition and affairs, and its own appraisal of the creditworthiness, of the Issuer.  Neither this Base 
Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or the issue of any Notes 
constitutes an offer or invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer or any of the Dealers to any person to subscribe 
for or to purchase any Notes. 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Notes shall in any 
circumstances imply that the information contained herein concerning the Issuer is correct at any time 
subsequent to the date hereof or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is 
correct as of any time subsequent to the date indicated in the document containing the same.  The Dealers 
expressly do not undertake to review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuer during the life of the 
Programme or to advise any investor in the Notes of any information coming to their attention.

--- Page 6 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
6 
 
 
INFORMATION ON THE MERGER 
On 18 September 2020, CaixaBank announced that its Board of Directors had approved the joint merger plan 
for the merger of Bankia, S.A. (Bankia) (absorbed company) into CaixaBank (absorbing company). The 
merger was approved by the shareholders' meetings of CaixaBank and Bankia held on 3 December 2020 and 
1 December 2020, respectively, and after obtaining the required authorisations, the merger was registered with 
the Commercial Registry of Valencia on 26 March 2021 and thus became effective as of that date.   
The consolidated financial statements of CaixaBank and Bankia for the years ended 31 December 2019 and 
2020 are incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus.  However, it should be noted that no financial 
information on the Group resulting from the merger is available nor pro forma consolidated financial 
information has been prepared for the purposes of this Base Prospectus. As a result, there is limited financial 
information on which to evaluate the business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the 
Group resulting from the merger.  
Accordingly, although the risk factors and the description of the business activities contained in this Base 
Prospectus are those of CaixaBank and its Group after the merger, the quantitative information included therein 
(including relevant historical consolidated financial information) refers to CaixaBank and/or Bankia (and their 
respective groups) as separate entities and/or groups and therefore may not reflect what the business, financial 
condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Group resulting from the merger would have been had 
the merger been effective during the periods presented or what the business, financial condition, results of 
operations and cash flows of the Group resulting from the merger will be in the future. 
In addition, no information on the regulatory own funds or eligible liabilities position and requirements of 
CaixaBank and the Group resulting from the merger is available. Historical information of CaixaBank and of 
Bankia on their regulatory own funds and eligible liabilities position and requirements either contained in this 
Base Prospectus or publicly available may not reflect what that position and requirements of CaixaBank and 
the Group resulting from the merger would have been had the merger been effective during the periods 
presented. 
Consequently, it may be difficult to evaluate the current business of CaixaBank and its Group and predict its 
future performance on the basis of the information contained in this Base Prospectus. 
Certain information included herein contains forward-looking statements and objectives which have not been 
verified by an independent entity, and the accuracy, completeness or correctness thereof should not be relied 
upon. All statements that are not statements of historical fact, including, without limitation, those regarding 
the financial position, business strategy, management plans and objectives for future operations of CaixaBank 
(which term includes its subsidiaries and investees) and run-rate metrics, are mere forward-looking statements. 
These forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, which 
may cause actual results, performance or achievements of CaixaBank, or industry results, to be materially 
different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. These forward-looking 
statements are based on numerous assumptions regarding CaixaBank’s present and future business strategies 
and the environment in which CaixaBank expects to operate in the future, which may not be fulfilled. Due to 
such uncertainties and risks, investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking 
statements.  
Certain information included herein also contains aggregated unadjusted combined information of the Issuer 
and Bankia, S.A. (and their respective groups). Such information does not constitute pro forma financial 
information for the purposes of, nor has such information been prepared in accordance with, Annex 20 of 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 and has not been reviewed, audited or verified by any third 
party.

--- Page 7 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
7 
 
 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO THE USE OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS AND 
OFFERS OF NOTES GENERALLY 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any Notes in any 
jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or solicitation in such jurisdiction.  The 
distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes may be restricted by law in certain 
jurisdictions.  The Issuer and the Dealers do not represent that this Base Prospectus may be lawfully distributed, 
or that any Notes may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements 
in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption available thereunder, or assume any responsibility for 
facilitating any such distribution or offering.  In particular, no action has been taken by the Issuer or the Dealers 
which is intended to permit a public offering of any Notes or distribution of this Base Prospectus in any 
jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required.  Accordingly, no Notes may be offered or sold, directly 
or indirectly, and neither this Base Prospectus nor any advertisement or other offering material may be 
distributed or published in any jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will result in compliance with any 
applicable laws and regulations.  Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus or any Notes may come 
must inform themselves about, and observe, any such restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus 
and the offering and sale of Notes.  In particular, there are restrictions on the distribution of this Base 
Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes in the United States, the EEA, the UK, Spain, France, Belgium, 
Republic of Italy, Switzerland, Japan, Singapore, Hong Kong and Australia (see "Subscription and Sale"). 
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors.  Each potential investor in the Notes must 
determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances.  In particular, each potential 
investor may wish to consider, either on its own or with the help of its financial and other professional advisers, 
whether it: 
(i) 
has sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the merits and 
risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus or any applicable supplement; 
(ii) 
has access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its particular 
financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact the Notes will have on its overall 
investment portfolio; 
(iii) 
has sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Notes, 
including Notes with principal or interest payable in one or more currencies, or where the currency for 
principal or interest payments is different from the potential investor's currency; 
(iv) 
understands thoroughly the terms of the Notes and is familiar with the behaviour of any relevant 
indices and financial markets; and 
(v) 
is able to evaluate possible scenarios for economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its 
investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments.  The investment activities of certain 
investors are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or review or regulation by certain authorities.  
Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether and to what extent (1) Notes are 
legal investments for it, (2) Notes can be used as collateral for various types of borrowing and (3) other 
restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes.  Financial institutions should consult their legal 
advisers or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of Notes under any applicable 
risk-based capital or similar rules.

--- Page 8 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
8 
 
 
PRODUCT CLASSIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 309B OF THE SECURITIES AND 
FUTURES ACT (CHAPTER 289 OF SINGAPORE), AS AMENDED FROM TIME TO TIME (THE 
SFA) 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled "Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) 
of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore, as modified or amended from time to time (the 
SFA)" which will state the product classification of the Notes pursuant to section 309B(1) of the SFA.The 
Issuer will make a determination in relation to each issue about the classification of the Notes being offered 
for purposes of section 309B(1)(a).  Any such legend included on the relevant Final Terms will constitute 
notice to "relevant persons" for purposes of section 309B(1)(c) of the SFA. 
GUIDANCE UNDER THE HONG KONG MONETARY AUTHORITY (THE HKMA) CIRCULAR - 
in October 2018, the Hong Kong Monetary Authority (the HKMA) issued guidance on enhanced investor 
protection measures on the sale and distribution of debt instruments with loss-absorption features and related 
products (the HKMA Circular). Under the HKMA Circular, debt instruments with loss absorption features, 
being subject to the risk of being written-down or converted to ordinary shares, and investment products that 
invest mainly in, or whose returns are closely linked to the performance of such instruments, are to be targeted 
in Hong Kong at professional investors (as defined in the Securities and Futures Odinance (Cap. 571, Laws of 
Hong Kong) (the SFO) and its subsidiary legislation, Professional Investors) only and are generally not 
suitable for retail investors in either the primary or secondary markets. Investors in Hong Kong should not 
purchase the Notes in the primary or secondary markets unless they are Professional Investors only and 
understand the risks involved. The Notes are generally not suitable for retail investors. 
PRESENTATION OF INFORMATION 
In this Base Prospectus, all references to: 
• 
U.S. dollars refer to United States dollars; 
• 
Sterling and £ refer to pounds sterling;  
• 
Kwanza refer to Angolan kwanza; and 
• 
euro, EUR and € refer to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic 
and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the EU, as amended. 
The language of the prospectus is English.  Certain legislative references and technical terms have been cited 
in their original language in order that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed to them under applicable 
law. 
STABILISATION 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the Stabilisation 
Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in the applicable Final Terms may 
over-allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the Notes at a level higher 
than that which might otherwise prevail.  However, stabilisation may not necessarily occur.  Any stabilisation 
action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the terms of the offer of the 
relevant Tranche of Notes is made and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier 
of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 days after the date of the allotment of 
the relevant Tranche of Notes.  Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in accordance with all 
applicable laws and rules.

--- Page 9 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
9 
 
 
CONTENTS 
Section 
Page 
Overview of the Programme ............................................................................................................................ 10 
Risk Factors ...................................................................................................................................................... 16 
Documents Incorporated by Reference ............................................................................................................ 49 
Form of the Notes ............................................................................................................................................. 51 
Form of Final Terms ......................................................................................................................................... 54 
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes ............................................................................................. 72 
Terms and Conditions of the Spanish Law Notes .......................................................................................... 137 
Use of Proceeds .............................................................................................................................................. 206 
Description of the Issuer ................................................................................................................................. 207 
Capital and Eligible Liabilities Requirements ................................................................................................ 238 
Loss Absorbing Powers .................................................................................................................................. 247 
Taxation .......................................................................................................................................................... 249 
Subscription and Sale ..................................................................................................................................... 256 
General Information ....................................................................................................................................... 263

--- Page 10 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
10 
 
 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety by, 
the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular Tranche 
of Notes, the applicable Final Terms.  The Issuer and any relevant Dealer may agree that Notes shall be 
issued in a form other than that contemplated in the relevant Terms and Conditions, in which event, and, 
if appropriate, a supplement to the Base Prospectus or a new Base Prospectus will be published. 
This Overview constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25(1) of 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No 2019/980 (the Delegated Regulation). 
Words and expressions defined in "Form of the Notes", " Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes" and 
“Terms and Conditions of the Spanish Law Notes" shall have the same meanings in this Overview. 
 
Issuer: 
CaixaBank, S.A.  
LEI Code: 
7CUNS533WID6K7DGFI87 
Risk Factors: 
There are certain factors that may affect the Issuer's ability to fulfil its 
obligations under Notes issued under the Programme.  These are set 
out under "Risk Factors" below.  In addition, there are certain factors 
which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks 
associated with Notes issued under the Programme.  These are set out 
under "Risk Factors" and include certain risks relating to the structure 
of particular Series of Notes and certain market risks. 
Description: 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Arranger: 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
Dealers: 
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. 
 
Banco Santander, S.A. 
 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
 
BNP Paribas 
 
BofA Securities Europe SA 
 
CaixaBank, S.A. 
 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
 
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft 
 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank 
 
Credit Suisse Securities Sociedad de Valores S.A. 
 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
 
Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE 
 
HSBC Bank plc 
HSBC Continental Europe 
 
J.P. Morgan AG 
 
Mediobanca - Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A. 
 
Morgan Stanley Europe SE 
 
NATIXIS 
 
Nomura Financial Products Europe GmbH 
 
Société Générale 
 
UBS Europe SE 
 
UniCredit Bank AG

--- Page 11 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
11 
 
 
 
and any other Dealers appointed in accordance with the Programme 
Agreement. 
Certain Restrictions: 
Each issue of Notes denominated in a currency in respect of which 
particular laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or reporting 
requirements apply will only be issued in circumstances which 
comply with such laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or 
reporting requirements from time to time (see "Subscription and 
Sale") including the following restrictions applicable at the date of this 
Base Prospectus. 
Issuing and Principal Paying 
Agent: 
BNP Paribas Securities Services, Luxembourg Branch. 
Programme Size: 
Up to EUR 30,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies 
calculated as described in the Programme Agreement) in aggregate 
original nominal amount of all Notes outstanding at any time.  The 
Issuer may increase the amount of the Programme in accordance with 
the terms of the Programme Agreement. 
Distribution: 
Subject to applicable selling restrictions, Notes may be distributed by 
way of private or public placement and in each case on a syndicated 
or non-syndicated basis. 
Currencies: 
Notes may be denominated in euro, Sterling, U.S. dollars, yen and, 
subject to any applicable legal or regulatory restrictions, any other 
currency agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
Maturities: 
Any maturity of at least one year in the case of Senior Notes and 
Senior Subordinated Notes and a minimum maturity of five years in 
the case of Tier 2 Subordinated Notes, as indicated in the applicable 
Final Terms or such other minimum or maximum maturity as may be 
allowed or required from time to time by the relevant competent 
authority or any applicable laws or regulations.  
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued on a fully- paid basis and at an issue price which 
is at par or at a discount to, or premium over, par.  
Form of Notes: 
The Notes will be in bearer form and will on issue be represented by 
either a temporary global Note or a permanent global Note as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms.  Temporary global Notes will be 
exchangeable either for (a) interests in a permanent global Note or (b) 
for definitive Notes as indicated in the applicable Final Terms.  
Permanent global Notes will be exchangeable for definitive Notes 
upon the occurrence of an Exchange Event as described under "Form 
of the Notes". 
Clearing Systems: 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV (Euroclear) and Clearstream Banking, S.A. 
(Clearstream, Luxembourg) and/or, in relation to any Notes, any 
other clearing system as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Fixed Rate Notes: 
Fixed interest will be payable on such date or dates as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer and on redemption and will

--- Page 12 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
12 
 
 
be calculated on the basis of such Day Count Fraction as may be 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer.  Fixed Reset Notes 
may also be issued. 
Floating Rate Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest at a rate determined: 
 
(a) 
on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional interest 
rate swap transaction in the relevant Specified Currency 
governed by an agreement incorporating the 2006 ISDA 
Definitions (as published by the International Swaps and 
Derivatives Association, Inc., and as amended and updated as 
at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes of the 
relevant Series); or 
 
(b) 
on the basis of the reference rate set out in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
 
The margin (if any) relating to such floating rate will be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer for each Series of Floating 
Rate Notes. 
 
Floating Rate Notes may also have a maximum interest rate, a 
minimum interest rate or both. 
 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes in respect of each Interest Period, as 
agreed prior to issue by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer, will be 
payable on such Interest Payment Dates, and will be calculated on the 
basis of such Day Count Fraction, as may be agreed between the Issuer 
and the relevant Dealer. 
CMS Linked Interest Notes: 
CMS Linked Interest Notes bear interest (if any) at a rate determined 
by reference to one or more swap rates. 
Benchmark Discontinuation: 
On the occurrence of a Benchmark Event, the Issuer and an 
Independent Adviser may, subject to certain conditions, in accordance 
with Condition 3.4 (Benchmark Discontinuation) and without any 
separate consent or approval of the Noteholders, determine a 
Successor Rate, failing which an Alternative Rate and, in either case, 
an Adjustment Spread, if any, and any Benchmark Amendments. 
Redemption: 
The applicable Final Terms will indicate either that the relevant Notes 
cannot be redeemed prior to their stated maturity (other than for 
taxation reasons or following an Event of Default and, in the case of 
Tier 2 Subordinated Notes, following a Capital Event or, in the case 
of Ordinary Senior Notes eligible to comply with MREL 
Requirements, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes, an 
Eligible Liabilities Event) or that such Notes will be redeemable at the 
option of the Issuer and/or the Noteholders upon giving notice to the 
Noteholders or the Issuer, as the case may be, on a date or dates 
specified prior to such stated maturity and at a price or prices and on 
such other terms as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer.  In particular, redemption of Tier 2 Subordinated Notes at the 
option of the Issuer may only take place after five years from their

--- Page 13 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
13 
 
 
date of issuance or any different minimum period permitted under 
Applicable Banking Regulations. 
 
Redemption for taxation reasons in the case of Subordinated Notes, 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Ordinary Senior Notes eligible to 
comply with MREL Requirements, or redemption following a Capital 
Event or an Eligible Liabilities Event, will be subject to the prior 
permission of the Regulator and/or the Relevant Resolution Authority 
if and as required therefor under Applicable Banking Regulations 
(including, for the avoidance of doubt, Applicable MREL 
Regulations) and may only take place in accordance with Applicable 
Banking Regulations (including, for the avoidance of doubt, 
Applicable MREL Regulations) in force at the relevant time. Tier 2 
Subordinated Notes where the Eligible Liabilities Event has been 
specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms may be redeemed 
pursuant to an Eligible Liabilities Event only after five years from 
their date of issuance or such other minimum period permitted under 
Applicable Banking Regulations (including, for the avoidance of 
doubt, Applicable MREL Regulations).  
See Condition 5 (Redemption and Purchase). 
Substitution and Variation: 
If an Alignment Event or circumstance giving rise to the right of the 
Issuer to redeem the Ordinary Senior Notes eligible to comply with 
MREL Requirements, Subordinated Notes or Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes under Condition 5.2 (Redemption for tax reasons), Condition 
5.4 (Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Capital Event): Tier 2 
Subordinated Notes) or Condition 5.5 (Redemption at the option of the 
Issuer (Eligible Liabilities Event): Subordinated Notes or Senior 
Notes) occurs and is continuing, the Issuer may substitute all (but not 
some only) of the Notes or vary the terms of all (but not some only) 
of the Notes, including, in the case of English Law Notes by changing 
the governing law of the Notes from English law to Spanish law, 
without any requirement for the consent or approval of the 
Noteholders, so that they are substituted for, or varied to become or 
remain, Qualifying Notes.  See Condition 18 (Substitution and 
Variation). 
Denomination of Notes: 
The Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer save that the minimum 
denomination of each Note will be such amount as may be allowed or 
required from time to time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent 
body) or any laws or regulations applicable to the relevant Specified 
Currency and save that the minimum denomination of each note will 
be at least EUR 100,000 (or, if the Notes are denominated in a 
currency other than euro, the equivalent amount in such currency) in 
the case of Notes to be admitted to trading on a regulated market for 
the purposes of MiFID II. 
Taxation: 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes and 
Coupons by or on behalf of the Issuer will be made without 
withholding or deduction for or on account of any present or future 
taxes or duties of whatever nature imposed or levied by or on behalf 
of any Tax Jurisdiction (as defined in Condition 6 (Taxation)), unless

--- Page 14 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
14 
 
 
such withholding or deduction is required by law.  In that event, the 
Issuer will, save in certain limited circumstances or exceptions (please 
refer to Condition 6 (Taxation) of the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes) be required to pay such additional amounts in respect of 
interest and, in respect of Ordinary Senior Notes only (unless 
otherwise indicated in the relevant Final Terms), principal and/or any 
premium, as will result in receipt by the Noteholders of such amounts 
in respect of such interest and, in respect of Ordinary Senior Notes 
only (unless otherwise indicated in the relevant Final Terms), 
principal and/or any premium, as would have otherwise been 
receivable by them had no such withholding or deduction been 
required. 
 
The Issuer considers that, according to the simplified information 
procedures set out in Royal Decree 1065/2007 of 27 July, as amended 
by Royal Decree 1145/2011 of 29 July (Royal Decree 1065/2007), 
the Issuer is not obliged to identify Noteholders as described in 
"Taxation – Simplified information procedures". For further 
information regarding the interpretation of Royal Decree 1065/2007 
please refer to "Risk Factors – 17. 
Risks relating to the Spanish 
withholding tax regime ". 
 
All payments in respect of the Notes will be subject in all cases to (i) 
any fiscal or other laws and regulations applicable thereto in the place 
of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 6 
(Taxation); and (ii) any withholding or deduction required pursuant to 
an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986 (the Code) or otherwise imposed pursuant to 
Sections 1471 to 1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements 
thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, or (without prejudice 
to the provisions of Condition 6 (Taxation)) any law implementing an 
intergovernmental approach thereto. 
Negative Pledge: 
The terms of the Notes will not contain a negative pledge provision. 
Cross Default: 
The terms of the Ordinary Senior Notes will contain a cross default 
provision as further described in Condition 8 (Events of Default) if 
indicated as “Applicable” in the relevant Final Terms. 
The terms of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes and the Subordinated 
Notes will not contain a cross default provision. 
Status of the Notes: 
Notes may be either Senior Notes or Subordinated Notes and, in the 
case of Senior Notes, Ordinary Senior Notes or Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes and, in the case of Subordinated Notes, Senior Subordinated 
Notes or Tier 2 Subordinated Notes and will all rank as more fully 
described in Condition 2 (Status of the Senior Notes and Subordinated 
Notes).  
Rating: 
The Issuer's long term ratings are Baa1 (stable outlook) by Moody's, 
BBB+ (stable outlook) by S&P Global; BBB+ (negative outlook) by 
Fitch and A (Stable Trend) by DBRS.

--- Page 15 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
15 
 
 
 
Series of Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated.  
Where a Series of Notes is rated, such rating will be disclosed in the 
applicable Final Terms and will not necessarily be the same as the 
ratings assigned to the Programme.  A security rating is not a 
recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to 
suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning 
rating agency. 
Listing: 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the CBI as competent 
authority under the Prospectus Regulation.  Application has been 
made for Notes issued under the Programme to be listed on the 
Official List of Euronext Dublin.  No unlisted Notes may be issued 
under the Programme. 
 
Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on 
other or further stock exchanges or markets agreed between the Issuer 
and the relevant Dealer in relation to the Series. 
 
The applicable Final Terms will state on which stock exchanges 
and/or markets the relevant Notes are to be listed and/or admitted to 
trading. 
Governing Law: 
The English Law Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising 
out of or in connection with the English Law Notes will be governed 
by, and shall be construed in accordance with, English law, except the 
provisions relating to the status of the Notes, the capacity of the Issuer, 
the relevant corporate resolutions and the provisions relating to the 
exercise and effect of the Loss Absorbing Power by the Relevant 
Resolution Authority and the acknowledgement of the same, which 
are governed by Spanish law.  
The Spanish Law Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising 
out of or in connection with the Spanish Law Notes will be governed 
by, and shall be construed in accordance with, Spanish law. 
Selling Restrictions: 
There are restrictions on the offer, sale and transfer of the Notes in the 
United States, the EEA, the UK, Spain, France, Belgium, Republic of 
Italy, Switzerland, Japan, Singapore, Hong Kong and Australia and 
such other restrictions as may be required in connection with the 
offering and sale of a particular Tranche of Notes (see "Subscription 
and Sale"). 
United States Selling 
Restrictions: 
Regulation S. TEFRA C/TEFRA D/TEFRA not applicable, as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 16 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
16 
 
 
RISK FACTORS 
In purchasing Notes, investors assume the risk that the Issuer may become insolvent or otherwise be unable 
to make all payments due in respect of the Notes.  There is a wide range of factors which individually or 
together could result in the Issuer becoming unable to make all payments due in respect of the Notes.  It is not 
possible to identify all such factors or to determine which factors are most likely to occur, as the Issuer may 
not be aware of all relevant factors and certain factors which it currently deems not to be material may become 
material as a result of the occurrence of events outside the Issuer's control.  The Issuer has identified in this 
Base Prospectus a number of factors which could materially adversely affect its business and ability to make 
payments due under the Notes and are classified by categories and listed in order of decreasing materiality 
within each category, taking into account both the probability that they might occur as well as the expected 
magnitude of their negative impact.  
In addition, factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes 
issued under the Programme are also described below.  The factors discussed below regarding the risks of 
acquiring or holding any Notes are not exhaustive, and additional risks and uncertainties that are not presently 
known to the Issuer or that the Issuer currently believes to be immaterial could also have a material impact 
on the Notes. In particular, there are certain other risks, which are considered to be less important or because 
they are more general risks which have not been included in this Base Prospectus in accordance with the 
Prospectus Regulation.  
Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus and 
reach their own views prior to making any investment decision. 
FACTORS THAT MAY AFFECT THE ISSUER'S ABILITY TO FULFIL ITS OBLIGATIONS 
UNDER NOTES ISSUED UNDER THE PROGRAMME 
Listed below are the risk factors which could be considered specific to the CaixaBank Group and relevant 
when adopting an informed investment decision.  
The identification of such risk factors is based on the Group's corporate risk taxonomy (the "Corporate Risk 
Taxonomy"), a description of the material risks identified in the risk self-assessment process or Risk 
Assessment, which is at least reviewed on an annual basis.  
The materialisation of any of the risks included in the Corporate Risk Taxonomy could have a negative effect 
on the business, economic results, financial position, the Bank's credit rating or even the image and reputation 
of the Group. Moreover, risks currently not considered relevant by the Issuer, or risks currently unknown to 
the Issuer, might also have such negative effects on the Group. 
The Corporate Risk Taxonomy is organised into categories (risks specific to the financial activity, risks 
stemming from its business model and operational and reputational risks).  
The materiality of these risks is not only conditioned by the exposure to them and by how efficiently they are 
controlled and managed. The Group is also exposed to relevant events that might result in a significant impact 
for the Group in the medium term and affect the materiality of several risks of the Corporate Risk Taxonomy 
(Strategic Events). The Risk Assessment process is also the main source of identification of these Strategic 
Events.  
Based on the aforementioned internal process of risks and events identification and analysis, the content of 
this section is structured as follows:   
(A) 
Risk factors corresponding to Strategic Events which might affect the materiality of the risks contained 
in CaixaBank Group's Corporate Risk Taxonomy, particularly focused on the recent pandemic caused 
by the SARS-CoV-2 coronavirus (COVID-19) and the merger with Bankia;

--- Page 17 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
17 
 
 
(B) 
Risks contained in CaixaBank Group's Corporate Risk Taxonomy; and 
(C) 
Risk factor of the Issuer's credit rating.  
(A) 
Risk factors corresponding to Strategic Events which might affect the materiality of the risks 
contained in CaixaBank Group's Corporate Risk Taxonomy, particularly focused on the recent 
pandemic caused by COVID-19 and the merger with Bankia 
The most relevant Strategic Events identified by the Group are as follows: (1) the uncertainties of the 
geopolitical and macroeconomic environment; (2) the arrival of new competitors with the possibility to disrupt; 
(3) cybercrime and data protection; (4) changes to the legal, regulatory or supervisory framework; (5) 
pandemics and other extreme operational events; and (5) the merger with Bankia. 
The COVID-19 pandemic  
The COVID-19 pandemic is having a significant effect on the economic activity of Spain and Portugal, among 
other countries, therefore it could have a damaging effect on the Group's financial position and risk profile. 
The final impact of COVID-19 on each of the risks of the Corporate Risk Taxonomy is still unknown, as it 
will depend on future events and developments that are uncertain, including actions to contain or treat the 
disease and mitigate its impact on the economies of the affected countries, among them Spain and Portugal. 
As a result, the volatility of the financial markets has greatly increased. Likewise, the macroeconomic outlook 
has worsened considerably (see "Description of the Issuer" – "Trend information"), these are however forward-
looking scenarios that are still volatile at this point in time. Given the high complexity of this environment, 
CaixaBank does continuously steer and assess the impact of COVID-19 on the financial situation and the risk 
profile of the Group. 
In this context, legislators, regulators and supervisors, on both a national and international level, have issued 
regulations, communications and guidelines. These are mainly aimed at ensuring that the efforts of financial 
institutions are focused on performing the critical economic functions they perform, and to ensure consistent 
application of regulatory frameworks. 
Indeed, the Spanish Government passed several Royal Decree-Laws (RDL) on urgent extraordinary measures 
to address the economic and social impact of COVID-19. Among these it is worth noting the extension to the 
moratorium on evictions of vulnerable borrowers and the broadening of the concept of a vulnerable person; 
the moratorium on mortgage debts for the acquisition of primary housing held by retail customers, the 
moratorium of consumer loans and the extension of public guarantees of the Official Credit Institute (ICO) 
for businesses and self-employed persons. In addition, other RDL were passed to support the following 
economic sectors: tourism, automobiles, transport, housing and energy. CaixaBank supplements legislative 
moratoria with other agreements, mainly at sectoral level. The Group has also made efforts to ensure the 
deployment of new ICO guarantee facilities and supplement them with specific credit facilities. 
The Portuguese Government also approved extraordinary measures of similar nature as the ones described 
above to address the economic and social impact of COVID-19, which are essentially contained in the Decreto-
lei 10-J/2020. 
In relation to the above described measures, on 31 December 2020 the moratorium requests approved by the 
Group amounted to EUR 14,357 million, EUR 16,201 million as of 30 September 2020, which include both 
the legal moratoria and the moratoria derived from sectorial agreements complementing the legal moratoria. 
Moreover, as of 31 December 2020 the moratorium requests under analysis by the Group amounted to EUR 1 
million, EUR 109 million as of 30 September 2020. Furthermore, the total amount of government backed 
financing as of 31 December 2020 amounted to EUR 13,191 million, EUR 12,442 million as of 30 September 
2020.

--- Page 18 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
18 
 
 
As regards Bankia, as of 31 December 2020, it had implemented support measures as follows: (i) mortgage 
moratoriums to individuals with an outstanding gross amount of EUR 4,261 million; (ii) consumer loan 
moratoriums to individuals with an outstanding aggregate value of EUR 79 million; (iii) corporate 
moratoriums to legal entities (tourism and transport sector moratoriums) with an outstanding aggregate value 
of EUR 300 million; and (iv) new ICO-guaranteed loans to companies amounting to EUR 10,941 million. 
The "quick fix" to CRR (see "Capital and Eligible Liabilities Requirements"- "Overview of applicable capital 
requirements"), which entered into force on 28 June 2020, backs the European Commission's intention to 
provide a temporary and targeted relief in prudential rules for EU banks. This will support credit flows to 
companies and households and absorb losses, mitigating the economic consequences of the COVID-19 lock-
down. 
From a prudential perspective, guidelines are also relevant as issued by the European Banking Authority's 
(EBA) on legislative and non-legislative moratoria that were granted until 30 June 2020 (later extended to 30 
September 2020 and 31 March 2021). These guidelines include general criteria related to payment moratoria 
and conditions under which they might not be directly classified as forbearance. 
On 27 March 2020 the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB) issued educational material with 
regard to how to apply the standard IFRS 9 in terms of credit risk in the environment arising from COVID-19. 
This standard requires the application of professional judgement, but at the same time requires and allows 
entities to adjust their approach in order to determine expected losses in different circumstances. 
The Group's current assessment points to a significant increase in terms of credit risk and impairment of other 
assets. This might imply the need to materially increase the stock of provisions in order to address deterioration 
in credit portfolio quality, taking into account expected losses according to the IFRS9 standard, which has 
certain procyclical tendencies. In this sense, the main indicators and impacts observed by the Group during 
2020 are described below: 
On one hand, the Group recognised the changes in the macroeconomic scenarios and changed the weighting 
established for each scenario employed in the estimate of expected loss due to credit risk under IFRS9 
accounting standard. For this purpose, internal economic projection scenarios based on the impact of the 
COVID-19 health crisis on the economy and different levels of severity have been used. The change in the 
macroeconomic scenario as a result of the impact of COVID-19 has led to the recognition of a provision for 
credit risk of EUR 1,252 million as of 31 December 2020, EUR 1,161 million at 30 September 2020. This 
provision has been calculated applying the same method and maintaining the same weight of the updated 
macroeconomic scenarios. Combining scenarios allows reducing the uncertainty of projections in the current 
context, although these provisions will be updated in coming quarters based on new available information. For 
further details on COVID-19 impact, refer to Note 3.4.1 of CaixaBank's 2020 Consolidated Financial 
Statements (as defined below).  
In addition, as a result of the impact of COVID-19 on the economic context and the extended scenario of low 
interest rates, a provision was established as of 31 December 2020, following conservative criteria, for EUR 
311 million associated with Erste Group Bank.  
During 2020, Bankia recorded provisions amounting EUR 505 million to cover COVID-19 risks. 
Regarding risks linked to the evolution of markets, including investment portfolios in debt instruments and 
investee undertakings, the materiality of the same could increase significantly as a result of the high levels of 
volatility observed in global financial markets. In this regard, it is also worth highlighting the risk of significant 
falls in the price of shares or other instruments issued by either CaixaBank or Bankia. 
In an operational context, both CaixaBank and its subsidiaries activated their respective Business Continuity 
Plans. The contingency plans envisaged for a pandemic scenario were activated in order to safeguard business 
continuity and continue providing services to customers, maintaining the functionality of both the headquarters

--- Page 19 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
19 
 
 
of the Group and its subsidiaries and of the network of commercial branches and digital channels. However, 
the current situation led to an increase in the use of alternative channels to physical presence in banking 
transactions, such as the Group's websites and applications. This increase has been compounded by a new 
generalised teleworking environment and labour flexibility.  
Bankia also activated contingency plans in order to remain fully operational; prevention and protection 
protocols were established and technology was improved in order to adapt the organisation to the new remote 
working situation. 
The situation has been closely monitored by both CaixaBank and Bankia. 
In relation to own funds, as detailed in section "Description of the Issuer – Key events in 2019, 2020 and 2021 
– COVID-19", CaixaBank took decisions to reinforce its solvency for as long as it has the capacity and 
flexibility to support the economy as a response to COVID-19; mainly the reduction of the dividend charged 
to the 2019 financial year, the amendment to the dividend policy and a reduction of the common equity tier 1 
(CET1) solvency ratio targets. Furthermore, the CEO and the rest of the Senior Management of CaixaBank 
took the decision to renounce to their bonus for the 2020 financial year.  
Regarding Bankia, extraordinary distributions in 2020 were ruled out as a result of the review of the capital 
distribution target set in the Bankia’s Group 2018-2020 Strategic Plan. 
Lastly, on 27 March 2020 Fitch revised from stable to negative its outlook for the operating environment of 
the Spanish banking sector as a result of COVID-19 and, as a consequence, the outlook on CaixaBank's long-
term issuer rating (BBB+) was also revised from stable to negative. In September 2020, Fitch confirmed 
CaixaBank's ratings and maintained the negative outlook. On 26 March 2020, Moody's also changed the 
outlook on the Spanish banking sector from stable to negative. In March 2021, Moody’s updated its assessment 
of the overall Spanish banking sector, with its outlook returning to Stable from Negative to reflect that a 
rebound in the economy and substantial loan-loss provisions set aside against expected rises in problem loans 
will protect banks’ creditworthiness over the next 12 to 18 months. Within this period of time, Moody’s has 
confirmed CaixaBank ratings and maintained the stable outlook on its long-term issuer rating (Baa1). With 
regards to S&P Global, on 29 April 2020, it revised its economic risk trend for Spanish banks from stable to 
negative, without taking any action on CaixaBank's ratings at that time. S&P Global has since reviewed 
CaixaBank's ratings in September 2020, in March 2021 and in April 2021, in all occasions confirming 
CaixaBank’s ratings and maintaining the stable outlook on CaixaBank's long-term issuer rating (BBB+) to 
reflect that potential economic pressures would be balanced by the bank's level of bail-inable debt instruments. 
The rating confirmations from Fitch, Moody's and S&P Global already took into account their view of the 
impacts on CaixaBank's credit profile of the completion of the merger by absorption of Bankia. 
Merger with Bankia 
On 18 September 2020, CaixaBank announced that its Board of Directors had approved the joint merger plan 
for the merger of Bankia (absorbed company) into CaixaBank (absorbing company). The merger was approved 
by the shareholders' meetings of CaixaBank and Bankia held on 3 December 2020 and 1 December 2020 
respectively and, after, obtaining the required authorisations, the merger was registered with the Commercial 
Registry of Valencia on 26 March 2021 and, thus, became effective as of that date. 
Notwithstanding the above, CaixaBank may be incapable of successfully integrating the business of Bankia 
from an operational perspective and there could be hidden or unknown liabilities and defects. All of this could 
impede the benefits identified when drawing up the joint merger project from materialising. 
See "Description of the Issuer – Key events in 2019, 2020 and 2021 – Merger with Bankia".

--- Page 20 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
20 
 
 
(B) 
Risks contained in Caixabank Group’s Corporate Risk Taxonomy 
1. 
RISKS RELATED TO THE ISSUER'S FINANCIAL ACTIVITY 
This category is the most relevant one for CaixaBank. It includes the following risks, sorted by materiality: 
credit risk and impairment of other assets (jointly considered in this Base Prospectus), actuarial risk, market 
risk and structural rates risk. 
1.1 
Risks arising from changes in credit quality and recoverability of loans and amounts due from 
counterparties are inherent in a wide range of the Group's businesses. (Credit and impairment of 
other assets) 
CaixaBank considers credit risk as a decrease in the value of the CaixaBank Group’s assets due to 
uncertainty about a customer's or counterparty’s ability to meet its obligations to the Group (this 
includes the risk of a reduction in the value of the CaixaBank Group’s equity holdings and non-
financial assets (mainly tangible assets such as real estate, intangible assets and tax assets), which in 
the Corporate Risk Taxonomy of the Group is defined under as the risk of impairment of other assets). 
Credit risk includes climatic risk defined as the deterioration in the repayment capacity of the Group's 
debtors as a consequence of the real or expected materialization of physical risks of gradual or abrupt 
climatic events (on its assets, supply chains, etc.) or of the losses that could generate the transition 
risks to a low carbon economy (regulatory changes, technological changes, new customer preferences, 
etc.). 
Credit risk is the most significant risk for CaixaBank. The Group is exposed to the credit solvency of 
its clients and counterparties. It may therefore experience losses in the event of total or partial non-
compliance of their credit obligations as a result of a decrease in their credit worthiness and the 
recoverability of the assets. 
Gross loans and advances to customers were EUR 227,406 million as at 31 December 2019, 1.2% 
higher than at the end of 2018. At the end of the financial year ended 31 December 2020, the amount 
stood at EUR 243,924 million, up 7.3% in the year, essentially because of the increase of loans to 
business (+16.6%). The Group’s amount of non-performing loans (NPLs) was EUR 8,601 million 
compared to EUR 8,794 million as at 31 December 2019. This implies an overall NPL ratio of 3.30% 
as at 31 December 2020, down 30 basis points in the year. 
With regards to Bankia, Gross loans and advances to customers amounted to EUR 124,3281 million 
as at 31 December 2020, 3.1% higher than 31 December 2019 (EUR 120,623 million2), mainly due to 
new ICO-guaranteed loans to businesses. The amount of NPLs as at 31 December 2020 was EUR 
6,213 million compared to EUR 6,465 million as at 31 December 2019. As of 31 December 2020, the 
NPL ratio was 4.75%, compared to 5.04% in December 2019, due to credit growth, effective risk 
management and sales of portfolios and individually assessed loans.  
As at 31 December 2020, provisions for insolvency risk raised to EUR 5,755 million compared 
to EUR 4,863 million as at 31 December 2019. As at 31 December 2020, the NPL coverage ratio 
given this stock of provisions was 67% compared to 55% as at 31 December 2019, with an increase 
of 12 percentage points. 
As for Bankia, as at 31 December 2020 provisions for insolvency risk raised to EUR 3,613 million 
compared to EUR 3,491 million as at 31 December 2019. Additionally, as at 31 December 2020, the 
NPL coverage ratio was 58% compared to 54% as of 31 December 2019. 
                                                     
1  
Figure under management criteria. 
2  
Figure under management criteria.

--- Page 21 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
21 
 
 
The gross NPA (non-performing assets) balance, which encompasses non-performing loans and 
foreclosed assets available for sale and rent, was EUR 12,571 million as at 31 December 2020 
compared to EUR 13,127 million as at 31 December 2019. 
The gross NPA balance of Bankia was EUR 8,293 million as of 31 December 2020 compared to EUR 
8,350 million as of 31 December 2019. 
In terms of sovereign risk, the total exposure to Spanish and Portuguese sovereign debt securities 
and loans of the CaixaBank Group (excluding the insurance group) totalled EUR 50,563 million as at 
31 December 2020 (EUR 35,024 million on 31 December 2019). The exposure to Italian sovereign 
securities of the CaixaBank Group stood at EUR 2,642 million as at 31 December 2020 (EUR 3,065 
million as at 31 December 2019). 
The risk related to the equity portfolio in the banking book is the risk associated with the possibility 
of incurring losses as the result of fluctuations in market prices, disputes among shareholders and/or 
default on the positions making up the equity portfolio with a medium to long time horizon (for 
example the Group's stakes in Telefónica, S.A. (Telefónica), Erste Group Bank, A.G. (Erste Group 
Bank) and Banco de Fomento de Angola SA). Thus, the Group faces risks derived from any potential 
acquisitions and divestments as well as the inherent risks to which the investees are exposed, for 
instance, in their management, business sector, geography and regulatory framework. The exposure 
and the capital requirements of the equity portfolio totalled EUR 6,717 million and EUR 1,338 million, 
respectively as of 31 December 2020 (EUR 8,050 million and EUR 1,465 million by year-end 2019), 
representing 1.7% of total credit risk exposure and 13.0% of total credit capital requirements. Both 
exposure and capital requirements of the equity portfolio include those of the Group's insurance 
subsidiary VidaCaixa, given that the insurance business is consolidated by the equity method in the 
prudential balance sheet according to capital regulation. 
1.2 
Actuarial Risk or Risk relating to the Insurance Business 
Actuarial risk, based on the Directive 2009/138/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council of 
25 November 2009 (Solvency II), is the risk of loss or adverse change in the value of liabilities 
undertaken through insurance or pension contracts with customers or employees resulting from a 
divergence between actuarial variables used for pricing and reserves, and their developments. 
Actuarial risk management stems from the regulatory framework set out at European level 
(Solvency II and the European Insurance and Occupational Pensions Authority (EIOPA)) and the 
Spanish Directorate General of Insurance and Pension Funds (DGSFP). Therefore, policies and 
monitoring procedures are settled to oversee the technical evolution of marketed insurance products 
which are affected by the following risk factors: mortality, longevity, disability, expense and lapse 
risk in underwriting life contracts and lapse, expense and claims ratio in the lines of business for non-
life and health insurance obligations3. 
Thus, for each line of business, both policies of underwriting and reinsurance identify different risk 
parameters for approval, management, measurement, rate-setting and, lastly, to calculate and set the 
liabilities covering the underwritten contracts. Additionally, general operating procedures are set to 
control the underwriting process. 
The Pillar 1 capital requirements related to the insurance activity of CaixaBank, led by its subsidiary 
VidaCaixa, are part of the Group’s credit capital requirements (equity portfolio risk). However, the 
insurance business is subject to its own sectorial supervision. According to applicable sectorial 
regulations, on 31 December 2020 VidaCaixa Group had a Solvency Capital Requirement (SCR) 
coverage ratio of 172%, three percentage points higher than by the end of the previous financial year. 
                                                     
3  
In terms of the proportional part of the capital requirements applicable to the participation in SegurCaixa Adeslas.

--- Page 22 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
22 
 
 
Out of the EUR 1,381 million net profit attributable to the Group in the 2020 financial year, EUR 888 
million (64% thereof) derived from the insurance business, which represented an increase with respect 
to 2019, where the net profit stood at EUR 1,708 million and EUR 795 million (46.55% thereof) 
derived from the insurance business. 
1.3 
Structural rates risk 
(a) 
Changes in interest rates may negatively affect the Group's business (structural interest rate risk) 
This risk is defined as the negative impact on the economic value of balance sheet items or on financial 
income due to changes in the temporary structure of interest rates and their impact on asset and liability 
instruments and those off the Group's balance sheet not recognised in the trading book. 
Possible sources of interest rate risk in the banking book are gap risk4, basis risk5 and optionality risk6. 
The assets and liabilities subject to structural interest rate risk are all those positions that are sensitive 
to interest rates in the balance sheet (such as variable interest rate loans and deposits), excluding the 
calculation of positions of the trading book. 
No regulatory (Pillar 1) capital requirements are defined for this risk. At the end of 2020, the net 
interest income sensitivity of the Group for the interest rates-sensitive balance sheet under a 100 basis 
points up/down shock was 7.19%/-0.25%7. The economic value sensitivity of the Group for the 
interest rates-sensitive balances sheet as a percentage of the Tier 1 capital was 7.12%/- 6.53%. 
(b) 
Changes in exchange rates may negatively affect the Group's business (Structural exchange rate 
risk) 
The structural exchange rate risk is considered as the potential loss in market value of the balance 
sheet due to adverse movements in exchange rates. The Group has foreign currency assets and 
liabilities in its balance sheet because of its commercial activity and shareholdings, in addition to the 
foreign currency assets and liabilities deriving from the Group's measures to mitigate exchange rate 
risk. 
The equivalent Euro value of all foreign currency assets and liabilities in the CaixaBank Group’s 
balance sheet as at 31 December 2020 was EUR 15,018 million and EUR 8,485 million, respectively, 
and EUR 16,459 million and EUR 11,367 million, respectively, as at 31 December 2019. 
 Regulatory capital requirements related to this risk are included within Pillar 1 market risk capital 
requirements. 
                                                     
4  
Gap risk refers to the potential adverse effect related to the difference between the timings or regularity in reviewing the instruments sensitive 
to interest rates, altogether with parallel movements (parallel risk) or different movements per tranches (non-parallel risk) in the interest rate 
curve. 
5  
Basis risk is created by the imperfect correlation in the evolution of interest risks underlying the different assets and liabilities of the balance 
sheet of the CaixaBank Group, even in those cases where those assets and liabilities have similar characteristics in terms of repricing or 
maturity. Basis risk is composed of a structural part (between market rates and administrative rates) and a non-structural part (as a result of 
the divergent movement between the different reference benchmarks on the market). 
6  
Optionality risk derives from contractual rights of clients and of the CaixaBank Group to modify the original cashflows of certain asset, 
liability or off-balance sheet transactions and may arise as a result of the conduct of the client (in addition of interest rate levels, it may 
depend on other factors as the degree of leverage or offers of competitors) or may be activated automatically (in case of the occurrence of 
certain interest rates events). 
7 
Net interest income sensitivity refers to the prudential scope of consolidation. Under the accounting scope of consolidation, as included in 
the Group’s Consolidated Annual Accounts, sensitivity of the net interest income to a 100 basis points up/down shock is 6.7%/-0.2%.

--- Page 23 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
23 
 
 
1.4 
Market risks associated with fluctuations in bond and equity prices and other market factors are 
inherent in the Group's business. Protracted market declines can reduce liquidity in the markets, 
making it harder to sell assets and leading to material losses (market risk) 
The Group identifies market risk as the loss of value, with impact on results or solvency, of a portfolio 
(set of assets and liabilities), due to unfavorable movements in prices or market rates primarily due to 
fluctuations in interest rates, exchange rates, credit spreads, external factors or prices on the markets 
where said assets/liabilities are traded. 
With regard to the quantification of market risk, in order to standardise risk measurement across the 
entire trading portfolio, and to produce certain assumptions regarding the extent of changes in market 
risk factors, the Value-at-Risk methodology is used (VaR: statistical estimate of potential losses from 
historical data on price fluctuations) with a one-day time horizon and a statistical confidence interval 
of 99% (i.e. under normal market conditions 99 times out of 100 the actual daily losses will be less 
than the losses estimated using the VaR model). The consumption of the average one-day VaR at 99% 
attributable to the various risk factors stood for EUR 2.44 million in 2020 (EUR 1.23 million in 2019). 
The main of those risk factors are corporate debt spread, interest rates (including sovereign debt credit 
spread) and share price volatility. 
Moreover, market volatility may have an impact on the income statement ("Gains/losses on financial 
assets and liabilities held for trading, net") due to changes to the Credit Valuation Adjustments (CVA), 
Debit Valuation Adjustments (DVA) and Funding Valuation Adjustments (FVA). CVA and DVA are 
added to the valuation of Over The Counter (OTC) derivatives (both for hedge accounting and held 
for trading) due to the risk associated with the counterparty's and own credit risk exposure, 
respectively. FVA is an additional valuation adjustment of derivatives of customer transactions that 
are not perfectly collateralized that includes the funding costs related to the liquidity necessary to 
perform the transaction. 
2. 
REPUTATIONAL AND OPERATIONAL RISKS 
The second risk category in terms of materiality comprises, in the first place, reputational risk and, in the 
second place, operational risk. CaixaBank identifies the following risks within the operational risk category, 
listed from more to less material: (i) conduct risk; (ii) legal/regulatory risk; (iii) IT risk; (iv) information 
reliability risk; (v) model risk and (vi) other operational risks. Due to the level of materiality, only conduct, 
legal/regulatory and information reliability risks are described below. 
2.1 
The Group faces the risk of reputational damage, which could lead to loss of trust of some of its 
stakeholders and could, as a result, materially adversely affect the results of its operations, financial 
condition or prospects (reputational risk) 
CaixaBank defines reputational risk as the possibility that the Group's competitive edge could be 
blunted by loss of trust of some of its stakeholders, based on their assessment of actions or omissions, 
whether real or purported, of the Group, its senior management or governing bodies, or because of 
related unconsolidated financial institutions going bankrupt (step-in risk).  
The risk is monitored using internal and external selected reputational indicators from various sources 
of stakeholder expectations and perception analysis. By way of example this includes the risk of 
disinformation or "fake news", whereby false news is published in relation to a situation or 
performance.  
Throughout 2019 and 2020, the measures related to the management of Environmental, Social & 
Governance (ESG) risks, defined as the risk of a possible reputational or economic loss resulting from 
failure to integrate ESG aspects in the strategy, in the Group's own performance, in the business 
(financing, investment and products) and in the support programmes for clients in difficulties or that

--- Page 24 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
24 
 
 
activate the economy, especially in times of crisis (mortgage debtors, socially excluded groups, 
entrepreneurs, etc.). It also includes potential reputational or economic loss resulting from not entirely 
transparent tax structures, the perception of non-contribution of taxes or the presence of the Group in 
tax havens or low tax jurisdictions (either on its own or due to its clients). 
The Group is also exposed to reputational risk in the case of certain operational events, for instance, 
in the context of the claim brought against CaixaBank for an alleged breach of anti-money laundering 
regulations (see "Description of the Issuer – Litigation").  
Although the Group actively manages reputational risk using its external and internal reputational risk 
management policies and committees and developing in-house training to mitigate the appearance and 
effects of reputational risks, establishing protocols to deal with those affected by the Group's actions, 
or defining crisis and/or contingency plans to be activated if the various risks materialise, should 
reputational risks arise, this could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial 
condition and results of operations. 
2.2 
Operational risk is inherent in the Group's business (Aggregated operational risk) 
In regulatory capital regulation, operational risk is defined as the possibility of incurring losses due to 
inadequacy or failure of internal processes, personnel and internal systems or from unforeseen external 
events.  
As stated above, conduct and legal/regulatory risks are particularly noted. 
(a) 
The Group is exposed to conduct risk  
Conduct risk is defined as the Group's risk arising from the application of conduct criteria that run 
contrary to the interests of its customers and stakeholders or CaixaBank and its employees, or from 
acts or omissions that are not compliant with the legal or regulatory framework, or with internal 
policies, codes and rules, or with codes of conduct and ethical and good practice standards, such as 
CaixaBank's Code of Business Conduct and Ethics. CaixaBank monitors its activity to ensure that the 
Group delivers positive outcomes to customers and the markets in which the Group operates. 
This is particularly relevant in the context of increasingly complex and detailed laws and regulations 
whose implementation requires a substantial and sophisticated improvement of technical and human 
resources, such as those related to anti money laundering and data protection, where such acts or 
omissions as described above or inappropriate judgement in the execution of business activities could 
have severe consequences, including claims, sanctions, fines and an adverse effect on reputation (see 
"Description of the Issuer – Litigation"). 
(b) 
The Group is subject to substantial regulation, as well as regulatory and governmental oversight.  
Adverse regulatory developments or changes in government policy could have a material adverse 
effect on its business, results of operations and financial condition (regulatory risk)  
The financial services industry is among the most highly regulated industries in the world.  In response 
to the global financial crisis and the European sovereign debt crisis, governments, regulatory 
authorities and others have made and continue to make proposals to reform the regulatory framework 
for the financial services industry to enhance its resilience against future crises. The Group's operations 
are subject to ongoing regulation and associated regulatory risks, including the effects of changes in 
laws, regulations, policies and interpretations, in Spain, the EU and the other markets in which it 
operates.  This is particularly the case in the current market environment, which is witnessing increased 
levels of government and regulatory intervention in the banking sector which is expected to continue 
for the foreseeable future.  This creates significant uncertainty for the Bank and the financial industry 
in general.

--- Page 25 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
25 
 
 
The main regulations which most significantly affect the Group are those related to prudential 
supervision, bank recovery and resolution, and capital and liquidity requirements which have become 
increasingly stringent in the past few years (see "3.2 Increasingly onerous capital requirements 
constitute one of the Group's main regulatory challenges (Solvency risk)" and "3.3 The Group has a 
continuous demand for liquidity to fund its business activities.  The Group may suffer during periods 
of market-wide or firm-specific liquidity constraints, and liquidity may not be available to it even if its 
underlying business remains strong (liquidity and funding risk)." 
Regulation has also considerably increased in customer and investor protection, digital and 
technological matters, taxation and anti-money laundering, among others.  
The specific effects of a number of new laws and regulations remain uncertain because the drafting 
and implementation of these laws and regulations are still ongoing and some of them have been 
recently adopted. As a result, the Group may be subject to an increasing incidence or amount of 
liability or regulatory sanctions and may be required to make greater expenditures and devote 
additional resources to address potential liability. This could lead to additional changes in the near 
future and also require the payment of levies, taxes, charges and compliance with other additional 
regulatory requirements.   
Implementation of the relevant procedures, monitoring and other technical and human requirements 
in relation to recent laws and regulations, such as those related to data protection and anti-money 
laundering had, and could further have, an impact on the Group's business by increasing its operational 
and compliance costs and, if not implemented correctly or in case of breaches in the relevant 
procedures, could lead to legal and regulatory claims and sanctions (see "(c) The Group is exposed to 
risk of loss from legal and regulatory claims" below). 
Any legislative or regulatory actions and any required changes to the business operations of the Group 
resulting from such legislation and regulations, as well as any deficiencies in the Group's compliance 
with such legislation and regulation, could result in significant loss of revenue, limit the ability of the 
Group to pursue business opportunities in which the Group might otherwise consider engaging and 
provide certain products and services, affect the value of assets that it holds, require the Group to 
increase its prices and therefore reduce demand for its products, impose additional compliance and 
other costs on the Group or otherwise adversely affect its businesses. 
(c) 
The Group is exposed to risk of loss from legal and regulatory claims 
The Group is currently and, in the future, may be involved in various claims, disputes, legal 
proceedings and governmental investigations in jurisdictions where it is active (see "Description of 
the Issuer - Litigation"). 
The Group is party to certain legal proceedings arising from the normal course of its business, 
including claims in connection with lending activities, relationships with employees and other 
commercial or tax matters.  The outcome of court proceedings is inherently uncertain.  The Group 
maintains provisions under the concept "Pending legal issues and tax litigation" that it considers 
reasonable to cover the obligations that may arise from ongoing lawsuits based on available 
information, which totalled EUR 332 million as of 31 December 2020 (EUR 394 million as of 31 
December 2019). In addition, the Group maintains provisions under the concept "Other Provisions", 
which totalled EUR 468 million as of 31 December 2020 (EUR 497 million as of 31 December 2019) 
in order to cover, among others, the losses from agreements not formalised and other risks such as 
those related with the class action brought by ADICAE (the Association of Banking and Insurance 
Consumers, ADICAE) due to the application of floor clauses in certain mortgage loans. 
Regarding Bankia, provisions maintained under “Pending procedural issues and tax litigation” to cover 
the risks of lawsuits and proceedings arising from the ordinary course of operations, along with other

--- Page 26 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
26 
 
 
legal, regulatory and tax risks amounted to EUR 195.9 million as of 31 December 2020 (EUR 224.5 
million as of 31 December 2019).  
Given the nature of these obligations, the expected timing of these economic outflows, if any, is 
uncertain. However, in view of the inherent difficulty of predicting the outcome of legal matters, 
particularly where the claimants seek very large or indeterminate damages, or where the cases present 
novel legal theories, involve a large number of parties or are in the early stages of investigation or 
discovery, the provisions made by the Group or the estimate for maximum risk could prove to be 
inadequate, and may have to be increased to cover the impact of the different proceedings or to cover 
additional liabilities, which could lead to higher costs for the Group. This could have a material adverse 
effect on the Group's results and financial situation. 
(d) 
Information reliability risk 
Information Reliability Risk is defined as the risk stemming from deficiencies in the accuracy, 
integrity and criteria of the process used when preparing the data and information necessary to evaluate 
the financial and equity position of the CaixaBank Group, as well as the information disclosed to 
market and stakeholders that offers a holistic view of its position in terms of sustainability with the 
environment and that is directly related to environmental, social and governance aspects (ESG 
principles). 
The preparation of financial statements in accordance with IFRS requires the use of estimates. It also 
requires management to exercise judgement in applying relevant accounting policies. The key areas 
involving a higher degree of judgement or complexity, or areas where assumptions are significant to 
the consolidated and individual financial statements, include impairment of certain financial assets, 
the assumptions used to quantify certain provisions and for the actuarial calculation of post-
employment benefit liabilities and commitments, the useful life and impairment losses of tangible and 
intangible assets, the valuation of goodwill and purchase price allocation of business combinations, 
the fair value of certain unlisted financial assets and liabilities, the recoverability of deferred tax assets 
and the exchange rate and the inflation rate of countries in which certain subsidiaries operate.  There 
is a risk that if the judgment exercised or the estimates or assumptions used subsequently turn out to 
be incorrect then this could result in significant loss to the Group, beyond that anticipated or provided 
for, which could have an adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition and results of 
operations. 
Observable market prices are not available for many of the financial assets and liabilities that the 
Group holds at fair value and a variety of techniques to estimate the fair value are used.  Should the 
valuation of such financial assets or liabilities become observable, for example as a result of sales or 
trading in comparable assets or liabilities by third parties, this could result in a materially different 
valuation to the current carrying value in the Group's financial statements. 
The further development of standards and interpretations under IFRS could also significantly affect 
the results of operations, financial condition and prospects of the Group. 
In addition, although the merger with Bankia has already been executed and is effective, no financial 
information on the consolidated group resulting from the merger is available nor pro forma consolidated 
financial information has been prepared for the purposes of this Base Prospectus. As a result, there is limited 
financial information on which to evaluate the business of the consolidated group resulting from the merger. 
Consequently, it may be difficult to evaluate its current business and predict its future performance. The 
historical consolidated financial information of CaixaBank and of Bankia either contained in this Base 
Prospectus or publicly available may not reflect what the business, financial condition, results of operations 
and cash flows of the consolidated group resulting from the merger would have been had the merger been 
effective during the periods presented or what the business, financial condition, results of operations and 
cash flows of the consolidated group resulting from the merger will be in the future.

--- Page 27 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
27 
 
 
3. 
RISKS RELATED TO THE BUSINESS MODEL 
Under this category CaixaBank identifies (sorted by materiality) business risk, solvency risk and liquidity risk. 
3.1 
Business profitability, growth prospects and other targets may be adversely affected by factors 
beyond the Group's control (Business risk) 
The Group is exposed to business profitability risk which implies obtaining results either lower than 
market expectations or below the Group's internal targets, preventing the Group from reaching a level 
of sustainable returns higher than the cost of equity.  
As at 31 December 2020, the Group's average yield measured as the Return on Tangible Equity 
(ROTE), was 6.1% compared to 7.7% as at 31 December 2019. 
Bankia's ROTE as of 31 December 2020 was 1.9% compared to 4.3% as of December 2019. 
3.2 
Increasingly onerous capital requirements constitute one of the Group's main regulatory 
challenges (Solvency risk) 
Solvency risk corresponds to CaixaBank's potential restriction to adapt its amount of regulatory own 
funds to capital requirements or to a change to its risk profile. The Issuer and the Group are subject to 
certain capital, liquidity and funding requirements (as described in the section "Capital and Eligible 
Liabilities Requirements " and the risk factor "3.3 The Group has a continuous demand for liquidity 
to fund its business activities.  The Group may suffer during periods of market-wide or firm-specific 
liquidity constraints, and liquidity may not be available to it even if its underlying business remains 
strong (liquidity and funding risk) below).  
These and other regulatory requirements, standards or recommendations may limit the Issuer's ability 
to manage its balance sheet and capital resources effectively or to access funding on more 
commercially acceptable terms, for example by requiring it to issue additional securities that qualify 
as own funds or eligible liabilities, to maintain a greater proportion of its assets in highly-liquid but 
lower-yielding financial instruments, to liquidate assets, to curtail business or to take any other actions, 
any of which may have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition and 
results of operations. 
In addition, as described in the section “Capital and Eligible Liabilities Requirements”, failure by the 
Issuer to comply with certain of the existing regulatory requirements could result in the imposition of 
administrative actions or sanctions, such as prohibitions or restrictions on making "discretionary 
payments" (which includes distributions relating to Additional Tier 1 capital instruments), further 
"Pillar 2" requirements or the adoption of any early intervention or, ultimately, resolution measures 
by resolution authorities, which, in turn, may have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, 
financial condition and results of operations. 
Although the merger with Bankia has already been executed and is effective, no information on the 
regulatory own funds or eligible liabilities position of the entity and consolidated group resulting from the 
merger is available. Historical information of CaixaBank and of Bankia on their regulatory own funds and 
eligible liabilities position either contained in this Base Prospectus or publicly available may not reflect 
what that position of the entity and consolidated group resulting from the merger would have been had the 
merger been effective during the periods presented. 
Moreover, it should not be disregarded that new and more demanding additional regulatory requirements, 
standards or recommendations may be applied in the future. In this regard, it should be noted that no update 
of the regulatory requirements (neither capital requirements nor eligible liabilities) of the Issuer and the 
Group have been received after the merger became effective.

--- Page 28 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
28 
 
 
All the applicable regulations and the approval of any other regulatory requirements could have an 
adverse effect on the Group's activities and operations. 
3.3 
The Group has a continuous demand for liquidity to fund its business activities.  The Group may 
suffer during periods of market-wide or firm-specific liquidity constraints, and liquidity may not be 
available to it even if its underlying business remains strong (liquidity and funding risk)  
Liquidity and funding risks refer to the insufficiency of liquid assets or limited access to financial 
markets to meet contractual maturities of liabilities, regulatory requirements, or the investment needs 
of the Group. 
The financing obtained from the European Central Bank (ECB) at 31 December 2020 amounted to 
EUR 49,725 million, corresponding to TLTRO III (Targeted Longer-Term Refinancing Operations 
III). The balance drawn increased by EUR 36,791 million in the year due to the anticipated return of 
EUR 3,909 million of TLTRO II and drawing EUR 40,700 million of TLTRO III. As of 31 December 
2019 the balance drawn through various monetary policy instruments was EUR 12,934 million. 
Similarly, the Group maintains issuance programmes to facilitate the issuance of short-term and 
medium-term securities to the market, as well as access to interbank and repo funding as well as to 
Central Counterparty Clearing Houses. 
The financing obtained by Bankia from the ECB through various TLTRO programmes at 31 
December 2020 amounted to EUR 22,919 million, an additional EUR 9,168 million as compared to 
the outstanding amount at 31 December 2019 of EUR 13,751 million.   
As at 31 December 2020 the Group's total liquid assets8 stood at EUR 114,451 million EUR 95,367 
million of which were HQLA (High Quality Liquidity Asset). The corresponding figures as at 31 
December 2019 were EUR 89,427 million and EUR 55,017 million, respectively. 
As at 31 December 2020 Bankia's total liquid9 assets stood at EUR 35,048 million, EUR 19,050 
million of which correspond to available high liquid assets (after considering ECB haircuts). The 
corresponding figures as at 31 December 2019 were EUR 33,117 million and EUR 15,538 million, 
respectively. 
The CaixaBank’s average10 Liquidity Coverage Ratio (LCR)11 as at 31 December 2020 was 248% 
(186% as at 31 December 2019), above the 100% minimum regulatory threshold. The Net Stable 
Funding Ratio (NSFR)12 was 145% as at 31 December 2020, 129% as at 31 December 2019, with a 
regulatory minimum level of 100% from June 2021. 
Bankia's LCR as at 31 December 2020 was 195% (204% as at 31 December 2019). The NSFR13 was 
129% as at 31 December 2020, 124% as at 31 December 2019. 
                                                     
8  
Liquid assets calculated as the sum of HQLAs plus the undrawn committed facilities granted by the ECB non-eligible as HQLA. 
9  
Liquid assets calculated as the sum of i) Treasury account and deposit facility with the ECB (where cash and central bank accounts are 
reduced by minimum reserve requirements); ii) the undrawn committed facilities granted by the ECB; and iii) the market value of available 
high liquid assets after considering ECB haircuts 
10  
Average of the last 12 months. 
11  
Regulatory quantitative liquidity standard to ensure that banks have sufficient high-quality liquid assets to cover expected net cash outflows 
over a 30-day liquidity stress period (combining both a financial system and a name crisis). 
12  
Regulatory balance-sheet structure ratio which measures the relationship between the amount of stable funding available (defined as the 
amount of own and third-party funding expected to be reliable for a one-year period) and the amount of stable funding required (given the 
liquidity characteristics and residual maturities of its assets and balance sheet exposures). 
Calculated under the criteria set forth in Regulation (EU) 2019/876 of the European Parliament and of the Council, of 20 May 2019, which 
enters into force in June 2021. 
13  
Calculated under the Bank for International Settlements NSFR Common Disclosure Template.

--- Page 29 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
29 
 
 
(C) 
Risk factor of the Issuer's credit ratings 
The risks assumed by the Bank may have an adverse effect on the Bank's credit ratings. Moreover, 
any reduction in the Bank's credit rating could increase the Group's cost of funding, could limit its 
access to capital markets and adversely affect the Group's ability to sell or market some of its products, 
engage in business transactions (particularly longer-term) and derivatives transactions. This, in turn, 
could reduce the Group's liquidity and have a material adverse effect on its net results and financial 
condition.  
As at the date hereof, the Bank has been assigned the following credit ratings: 
Agency 
Review date 
Short-term 
rating 
Long-term 
rating 
Outlook 
Fitch 
29 
September 
2020 
F2 
BBB+ 
Negative 
S&P Global 
22 April 2021 
A-2 
BBB+ 
Stable 
DBRS 
29 March 2021 
R-1 (low) 
A 
Stable 
Moody's 
22 
September 
2020 
P-2 
Baa1 
Stable 
It should be emphasised that in the case of Fitch, the outlook on CaixaBank's long-term issuer rating 
was revised from stable to negative in March 2020 to reflect that the economic fallout from the 
COVID-19 crisis represents a medium-term risk to the operating environment of Spanish banks as 
well as to their stand-alone credit profiles. 
FACTORS WHICH ARE MATERIAL FOR THE PURPOSE OF ASSESSING THE MARKET RISKS 
ASSOCIATED WITH NOTES ISSUED UNDER THE PROGRAMME 
Terms used in this section but not defined herein or indicated to be defined elsewhere have the meanings given 
to them in the sections headed "Capital and Eligible Liabilities Requirements" and "Loss Absorbing Powers". 
Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes  
A range of Notes may be issued under the Programme.  A number of these Notes may have features which 
contain particular risks for potential investors.  Set out below is a description of the most common such features 
including factors which may occur in relation to any Notes: 
1. 
The Notes may be redeemed prior to maturity at the Issuer's option for taxation reasons or upon 
the occurrence of a Capital Event or an Eligible Liabilities Event, subject to certain conditions. If 
the Issuer has the right to redeem any Notes at its option, this may limit the market value of the 
Notes concerned and an investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a manner 
which achieves a similar effective return 
In the event that the Issuer would be obliged to increase the amounts payable in respect of any Notes 
due to any withholding or deduction for or on account of any present or future taxes or duties of 
whatever nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of Spain or any political subdivision or any 
authority thereof or therein having power to tax (a Tax Jurisdiction), the Issuer may, at its option, 
redeem all outstanding Notes in whole, but not in part, in accordance with the Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes.  The Notes may be also redeemed for taxation reasons if (i) the Issuer would not be 
entitled to claim a deduction in computing taxation liabilities in any Tax Jurisdiction in respect of any 
payment of interest to be made on the Notes on the next payment date due under the Notes or the value 
of such deduction to the Issuer would be materially reduced or (ii) if the applicable tax treatment of 
the Notes is materially affected.  In each case, the Issuer may only redeem such Notes if such additional 
payment or inability to claim a tax deduction (as applicable) occurs or the applicable tax treatment of

--- Page 30 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
30 
 
 
the Notes is materially affected as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations 
of any Tax Jurisdiction, or any change in the application or official interpretation of such laws or 
regulations, which change or amendment becomes effective on or after the date on which agreement 
is reached to issue the first Tranche of the Notes and, in the case of Ordinary Senior Notes eligible to 
comply with MREL Requirements, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Subordinated Notes only if so 
permitted by the Applicable Banking Regulations (including, for the avoidance of doubt, Applicable 
MREL Regulations) then in force and subject to the permission of the Regulator and/or the Relevant 
Resolution Authority if and as required therefor under Applicable Banking Regulations (including, for 
the avoidance of doubt, Applicable MREL Regulations), as further described in Condition 5.2 
(Redemption for tax reasons). 
Furthermore, if a Capital Event occurs as a result of a change (or any pending change which the 
Regulator considers sufficiently certain) in Spanish law, Applicable Banking Regulations or any 
change in the official application or interpretation thereof becoming effective on or after the Issue 
Date, the Issuer may redeem all, and not some only, of any Series of the Tier 2 Subordinated Notes 
subject to such redemption being permitted by the Applicable Banking Regulations then in force and 
subject to the permission of the Regulator and/or the Relevant Resolution Authority if and as required 
therefor under Applicable Banking Regulations (including, for the avoidance of doubt, Applicable 
MREL Regulations), as further described in Condition 5.4 (Redemption at the option of the Issuer 
(Capital Event): Tier 2 Subordinated Notes).  
If an Eligible Liabilities Event occurs as a result of a change (or any pending change which the 
competent authority considers sufficiently certain) in Spanish law or Applicable Banking Regulations 
(including, for the avoidance of doubt, Applicable MREL Regulations) or any change in the official 
application or interpretation thereof becoming effective on or after the Issue Date, Ordinary Senior 
Notes where the Eligible Liabilities Event has been specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Subordinated Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in 
whole, but not in part, subject to such redemption being permitted by the Applicable Banking 
Regulations (including, for the avoidance of doubt, Applicable MREL Regulations) then in force, and 
subject to the prior permission of the Regulator and/or the Relevant Resolution Authority if and as 
required therefor under Applicable Banking Regulations (including, for the avoidance of doubt, 
Applicable MREL Regulations), as further described in Condition 5.5 (Redemption at the option of 
the Issuer (Eligible Liabilities Event): Subordinated Notes or Senior Notes). Tier 2 Subordinated Notes 
where the Eligible Liabilities Event has been specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms may 
be redeemed pursuant to an Eligible Liabilities Event only after five years from their date of issuance 
or such other minimum period permitted under Applicable Banking Regulations (including, for the 
avoidance of doubt, Applicable MREL Regulations).  
The EU Banking Reforms provide that the redemption of eligible liabilities instruments prior to the 
date of their contractual maturity is subject to the prior permission of the resolution authority. 
According to the EU Banking Reforms, such permission will be given only if one of the following 
conditions is met: 
(a) 
before or at the same time of such redemption, the institution replaces the eligible liabilities 
instruments with own funds or eligible liabilities instruments of equal or higher quality at 
terms that are sustainable for the income capacity of the institution; or 
(b) 
the institution has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the resolution authority that the own 
funds and eligible liabilities of the institution would, following such redemption, exceed the 
requirements laid down in the CRR, the CRD 4 and the BRRD by a margin that the resolution 
authority in agreement with the competent authority considers necessary; or 
(c) 
the institution has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the resolution authority that the partial 
or full replacement of eligible liabilities with own funds instruments is necessary to ensure

--- Page 31 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
31 
 
 
compliance with the own funds requirements laid down in CRR and in CRD 4 for continuing 
authorisation.  
Likewise, the EU Banking Reforms provide that the redemption of Tier 2 instruments is subject to the 
prior permission of the competent authority. According to the EU Banking Reforms, such permission 
will be given only if, either of the following conditions is met: 
(a) 
before or at the same time of such redemption the institution replaces the Tier 2 instruments 
with own funds instruments of an equal or higher quality at terms that are sustainable for the 
income capacity of the institution; or 
(b) 
the institution has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the competent authority that the own 
funds and eligible liabilities of the institution would, following such redemption, exceed the 
requirements laid down in the CRR, CRD 4 and the BRRD by a margin that the competent 
authority may consider necessary. 
In addition, pursuant to article 78.4 of CRR, for the redemption of Tier 2 instruments during the five 
years following their date of issuance the permission of the competent authority may be given only if, 
besides the above mentioned conditions, one of the following is met. 
(a) 
in the case of redemption due to the occurrence of a Capital Event, (i) the competent authority 
considers the change that would cause such Capital Event to be sufficiently certain and (ii) the 
institution demonstrates to the satisfaction of the competent authority that the Capital Event 
was not reasonably foreseeable at the time of the issuance of the relevant Tier 2 instruments; 
or 
(b) 
in the case of redemption for tax reasons, the institution demonstrates to the satisfaction of the 
competent authority that the change is material and was not reasonably foreseeable at the time 
of issuance of the relevant Tier 2 instruments; or 
(c) 
before or at the same time of such redemption, the institution replaces the relevant Tier 2 
instruments with own funds instruments of equal or higher quality at terms that are sustainable 
for its income capacity and the competent authority has permitted that action on the basis of 
the determination that it would be beneficial from a prudential point of view and justified by 
exceptional circumstances. 
It is not possible to predict whether or not any further change in the laws or regulations of Spain or the 
application or interpretation thereof, or any of the other events referred to above, will occur and so 
lead to the circumstances in which the Issuer is able to elect to redeem the Notes, and if so whether or 
not the Issuer will elect to exercise such option to redeem the Notes or, in the case where any prior 
permission of the Regulator and/or the Relevant Resolution Authority for such redemption is required, 
whether such permission will be given. There can be no assurances that, in the event of any such early 
redemption, Noteholders will be able to reinvest the proceeds at a rate that is equal to the return on the 
Notes. 
Early redemption features are also likely to limit the market value of the Notes.  During any period 
when the Issuer can redeem the Notes, or during which there is an actual or perceived increased 
likelihood that the Issuer may elect to redeem the Notes, the market value of those Notes generally 
will not rise substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed.  This also may be true prior 
to any redemption period if the market believes that the Notes may become eligible for redemption in 
the near term.   
The Issuer may redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate on the Notes.  
At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an

--- Page 32 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
32 
 
 
effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only be able to 
do so at a significantly lower rate.  Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of 
other investments available at that time. 
2. 
The qualification of Senior Non-Preferred Notes and certain Ordinary Senior Notes as Eligible 
Liabilities and the full qualification to comply with MREL Requirements of the Subordinated Notes 
is subject to uncertainty 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes and certain Ordinary Senior Notes, may be intended to be Eligible 
Liabilities (as defined in the Conditions) under the Applicable Banking Regulations (including, for the 
avoidance of doubt, Applicable MREL Regulations). Likewise, Subordinated Notes may be intended 
to fully qualify to comply with MREL Requirements (as defined in the Conditions).  However, the 
implementation in the Kingdom of Spain of the EU Banking Reforms (as defined in the Conditions) 
is pending and there is uncertainty as to how they will be interpreted and applied and the Issuer cannot 
provide any assurance that Subordinated Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and certain Ordinary 
Senior Notes will or may be (or thereafter remain) Eligible Liabilities  nor that the Subordinated Notes 
will fully qualify or may fully qualify (or thereafter remain fully qualifying) to comply with MREL 
Requirements. 
If for any reason Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Ordinary Senior Notes where the Eligible Liabilities 
Event has been specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms are not Eligible Liabilities or, in the 
case of the Subordinated Notes, do not fully qualify to comply with MREL Requirements, or if they 
initially are Eligible Liabilities or fully comply with the MREL Requirements, as applicable, and 
subsequently become ineligible or do not fully comply with the MREL Requirements, as applicable, 
due to a change in Spain law or Applicable Banking Regulations (including, for the avoidance of 
doubt, Applicable MREL Regulations), then an Eligible Liabilities Event (as defined in the 
Conditions) will occur, with the consequences indicated in the Conditions (see "The Notes may be 
redeemed prior to maturity at the Issuer's option for taxation reasons or upon the occurrence of a 
Capital Event or an Eligible Liabilities Event, subject to certain conditions. If the Issuer has the right 
to redeem any Notes at its option, this may limit the market value of the Notes concerned and an 
investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a manner which achieves a similar 
effective return"). 
3. 
The Notes provide for limited events of default unless in the case of Ordinary Senior Notes 
additional events of default apply 
Without prejudice to the provisions of the last paragraph below, the Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
do not provide for any events of default, except in the case that an order is made by any competent 
court or resolution passed for the winding-up or liquidation of the Issuer.  Accordingly, in the event 
that any payment on the Notes is not made when due, each Noteholder will have a claim only for 
amounts then due and payable on their Notes but will have no right to accelerate such Notes unless 
proceedings for the winding-up or liquidation of the Issuer have been instigated. 
Notwithstanding the above and with respect to Ordinary Senior Notes not eligible to comply with 
MREL Requirements, if the Bank so decides by applying additional events of default in the Final 
Terms, each Noteholder will have an individual acceleration right in case certain events occur 
(including failure of payment on the Notes when due and cross default). 
4 
Limitation on gross-up obligation under Subordinated Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes and, 
if specified in the relevant Final Terms, Ordinary Senior Notes   
The Issuer’s obligation to pay additional amounts in respect of any withholding or deduction in respect 
of taxes under the terms of Subordinated Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes applies only to 
payments of interest due and paid under such Notes and not to payments of principal.  Equally, if

--- Page 33 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
33 
 
 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, equivalent limitation on the Issuer’s obligation to pay additional 
amounts with respect of principal may also apply to Ordinary Senior Notes.  As such, the Issuer would 
not be required to pay any additional amounts under the terms of such Notes to the extent that any 
withholding or deduction applied to payments of principal.  Accordingly, if any such withholding or 
deduction were to apply to payments of principal under such Notes, holders of such Notes may receive 
less than the full amount due under the relevant Notes, and the market value of the relevant Notes may 
be adversely affected.  Holders of such Notes should note that principal for these purposes will include 
any payments of premium.  
5. 
Conversion of the interest rate on any Notes from a fixed rate to a floating rate, or vice versa, may 
affect the secondary market and the market value of the Notes concerned 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes are Notes which may bear interest at a rate that converts from a fixed rate 
to a floating rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed rate.  Such a feature to convert the interest rate, and 
the conversion of the interest basis, may affect the secondary market in, and the market value of, such 
Notes as the change of interest basis may result in a lower interest return for Noteholders.  Where the 
Notes convert from a fixed rate to a floating rate, the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be 
less favourable than then prevailing spreads on comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to the same 
reference rate.  In addition, the new floating rate at any time may be lower than the rates on other 
Notes.  Where the Notes convert from a floating rate to a fixed rate, the fixed rate may be lower than 
then prevailing market rates on those Notes and could affect the market value of an investment in the 
relevant Notes. 
6. 
The interest rate on Fixed Reset Notes will reset on each Reset Date, which can be expected to affect 
interest payments on an investment in Fixed Reset Notes and could affect the market value of Fixed 
Reset Notes 
Fixed Reset Notes will initially bear interest at the Initial Interest Rate until (but excluding) the First 
Reset Date.  On the First Reset Date, the Second Reset Date (if applicable) and each Subsequent Reset 
Date (if any) thereafter, the interest rate will be reset to the sum of the applicable Reset Reference Rate 
and the Reset Margin as determined by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Reset Determination 
Date.  The First Reset Rate or any Subsequent Reset Rate for any Reset Period could be less than the 
Initial Interest Rate or the Reset Rate for prior Reset Periods and could affect the market value of an 
investment in the Fixed Reset Notes. 
7. 
The application of the net proceeds of Green, Social or Sustainability Notes as described in "Use of 
Proceeds" may not meet investor expectations or be suitable for an investor’s investment criteria  
The Final Terms relating to any specific Tranche of Notes may provide that it will be the Issuer's 
intention to apply an amount equal to the whole or a part of the net proceeds of the issue of those Notes 
(as at the date of issuance of such Notes) into Eligible Green Projects and/or Eligible Social Projects 
(such Notes being Green, Social or Sustainability Notes), as described in the Issuer's Sustainable 
Development Goals Framework, published on the website of the Issuer (see "Use of Proceeds"). In 
case of asset divestment or if a project no longer meets the Eligibility Criteria, the Issuer intends to 
use the net proceeds to finance other Eligible Green Projects and/or Eligible Social Projects which are 
compliant with the Eligibility Criteria of the Issuer’s Sustainable Development Goals Framework. The 
Issuer intends to invest the balance of net proceeds from the Green, Social, or Sustainability Notes 
issued unallocated to Eligible Projects according to the Issuer’s general liquidity guidelines for short-
term investments. 
Prospective investors should have regard to the information set out in the Issuer's Sustainable 
Development Goals Framework and in the applicable Final Terms regarding the use of the net 
proceeds of those Green, Social or Sustainability Notes and must determine for themselves the 
relevance of such information for the purpose of any investment in such Green, Social or Sustainability

--- Page 34 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
34 
 
 
Notes together with any other investigation such investor deems necessary.  In particular no assurance 
is given by the Issuer or the Dealers that the use of such proceeds for any eligible projects will satisfy, 
whether in whole or in part, any present or future investor expectations or requirements as regards any 
investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor or its investments are required to comply 
(including, amongst others, Regulation (EU) 2020/852 on the establishment of a framework to 
facilitate sustainable investment (the EU Taxonomy) and the EU Taxanomy Climate Delegated Act 
adopted by the EU Commision on 21 April 2021 (jointly, the EU Taxonomy Regulation)). 
Furthermore, it should be noted that there is currently no clearly defined definition (legal, regulatory 
or otherwise) of, nor market consensus as to what constitutes, a "green", "social" or "sustainable" or 
an equivalently-labelled project or as to what precise attributes are required for a particular project to 
be defined as "green", "social" or "sustainable" or such other equivalent label nor can any assurance 
be given that such a clear definition or consensus will develop over time or that any prevailing market 
consensus will not significantly change. The EU Taxonomy Regulation establishes a basis for the 
determination of such a definition in the EU. However, the EU Taxonomy remains subject to the 
implementation of delegated regulations by the European Commission on technical screening criteria 
for the environmental objectives set out in the EU Taxonomy Regulation. Therefore, no assurance is 
or can be given to investors that any projects or uses the subject of, or related to, any eligible projects 
will meet any or all investor expectations regarding such "green", "social" or "sustainable" or other 
equivalently-labelled performance objectives or that any adverse environmental, social and/or other 
impacts will not occur during the implementation of any projects or uses the subject of, or related to, 
any eligible projects. 
No assurance or representation is given as to the suitability or reliability for any purpose whatsoever 
of any report, assessment, opinion or certification of any third party (whether or not solicited by the 
Issuer) which may or may not be made available in connection with the issue of any Green, Social or 
Sustainability Notes and in particular with any eligible projects to fulfil any environmental, social, 
sustainability and/or other criteria.  Any such report, assessment, opinion or certification is not, nor 
shall be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of this Base Prospectus.  Any such report, 
assessment, opinion or certification is not, nor should be deemed to be, a recommendation by the 
Issuer, the Dealers or any other person to buy, sell or hold any such Green, Social or Sustainability 
Notes.  
In the event that any Green, Social or Sustainability Notes are listed or admitted to trading on any 
dedicated "green", "environmental", "social" or "sustainable" or other equivalently labelled segment 
of any stock exchange or securities market (whether or not regulated), no representation or assurance 
is given by the Issuer, the Dealers or any other person that such listing or admission satisfies, whether 
in whole or in part, any present or future investor expectations or requirements as regards any 
investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor or its investments are required to comply.  
Furthermore, the criteria for any such listings or admission to trading may vary from one stock 
exchange or securities market to another.  While it is the intention of the Issuer to apply the net 
proceeds of any Green, Social or Sustainability Notes and obtain and publish the relevant reports, 
assessments, opinions and certifications, there can be no assurance that the Issuer will be able to do 
this.  Nor can there be any assurance that any eligible projects will be completed within any specified 
period or at all or with the results or outcome (whether or not related to the environment) as originally 
expected or anticipated by the Issuer. 
Any such event or failure to apply the net proceeds of any issue of Green, Social or Sustainability 
Notes for any eligible projects or to obtain and publish any such reports, assessments, opinions and 
certifications or the fact that the maturity of an eligible green or social asset or project may not match 
the minimum duration of any Green, Social or Sustainability Notes, will not (i) constitute an event of 
default under the relevant Green, Social or Sustainability Notes, or (ii) give rise to any other claim or 
right (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the right to accelerate the Notes) of a holder of such Green, 
Social or Sustainability Notes against the Issuer, or (iii) lead to an obligation of the Issuer to redeem

--- Page 35 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
35 
 
 
such Notes or be a relevant factor for the Issuer in determining whether or not to exercise any optional 
redemption rights in respect of any Notes, or (iv) affect the regulatory treatment of such Notes as Tier 
2 capital or eligible liabilities for the purposes of MREL (as applicable), if such Notes are also 
Subordinated Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Ordinary Senior Notes eligible to comply with 
MREL Requirements.  For the avoidance of doubt, payments of principal and interest (as the case may 
be) on the relevant Green, Social or Sustainability Notes shall not depend on the performance of the 
relevant project nor have any preferred right against such assets. Finally, as further explained in the 
section headed "Loss Absorbing Powers", Green, Social or Sustainability Notes will be subject to the 
bail-in tool and to write down and conversion powers, and in general to the powers that may be 
exercised by the Relevant Resolution Authority, to the same extent and with the same ranking as any 
other Note which is not a Green, Social or Sustainability Note (see "Risks Related to Early Intervention 
and Resolution – 12. The Notes may be subject to the exercise of the Spanish Bail-in Power by the 
Relevant Resolution Authority.  Other powers contained in Law 11/2015 and the SRM Regulation 
could materially affect the rights of the Noteholders under, and the value of, any Notes").  
Likewise, Green, Social and Sustainability Notes, as any other Notes, will be fully subject to the 
application of CRR eligibility criteria and BRRD requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities 
instruments and, as such, proceeds from Green, Social or Sustainability Notes qualifying as own funds 
or eligible libialities should cover all losses in the balance sheet of the Issuer regardless of their 
“green”, “social” or “sustainable” label. Additionally, their labelling as Green, Social or Sustainability 
Notes (i) will not affect the regulatory treatment of such Notes as Tier 2 capital or eligible liabilities 
for the purposes of MREL (as applicable), if such Notes are also Subordinated Notes, Senior Non-
Preferred Notes or Ordinary Senior Notes eligible to comply with MREL Requirements; and (ii) will 
not have any impact on their status as indicated in Condition 2 of the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes.   
The withdrawal of any report, assessment, opinion or certification as described above, or any such 
report, assessment, opinion or certification attesting that the Issuer is not complying in whole or in 
part with any matters for which such report, assessment, opinion or certification is reporting, assessing, 
opining or certifying on, and/or any such Green, Social or Sustainability Notes no longer being listed 
or admitted to trading on any stock exchange or securities market, as aforesaid, may have a material 
adverse effect on the value of such Green, Social or Sustainability Notes and/or result in adverse 
consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in securities to be used for a 
particular purpose.  
The Dealers have not undertaken, nor are responsible for, any assessment of the Eligibility Criteria, 
any verification of whether the Green, Social or Sustainability Notes meet the Eligibility Criteria, or 
the monitoring of the use of proceeds of the Green, Social or Sustainability Notes. 
8. 
Conflicts of interest between the Calculation Agent and Noteholders 
Potential conflicts of interest may exist between the Calculation Agent (if any) and Noteholders 
(including a Dealer acting as a Calculation Agent), including with respect to certain determinations 
and judgements that such Calculation Agent may make pursuant to the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes which may influence the amounts that can be received by the Noteholders during the term of 
the Notes and upon their redemption. 
Risks relating to Floating Rate Notes 
Investment in Notes which bear interest at a floating rate comprise (i) a reference rate and (ii) a margin to be 
added or subtracted, as the case may be, from such base rate.  Typically, the relevant margin will not change 
throughout the life of the Notes but there will be a periodic adjustment (as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms) of the reference rate (e.g., every three months or six months) which itself will change in accordance 
with general market conditions.  Accordingly, the market value of floating rate Notes may be volatile if

--- Page 36 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
36 
 
 
changes, particularly short term changes, to market interest rates evidenced by the relevant reference rate can 
only be reflected in the interest rate of these Notes upon the next periodic adjustment of the relevant reference 
rate.  Should the reference rate be at any time negative, it could, notwithstanding the existence of the relevant 
margin, result in the actual floating rate being lower than the relevant margin.  
9. 
The value of the return on any Notes linked to a benchmark may be adversely affected by ongoing 
national and international regulatory reform in relation to benchmarks  
Reference rates and indices such as EURIBOR or LIBOR and other interest rate or other types of rates 
and indices which are deemed to be "benchmarks" (each a Benchmark and together, the 
Benchmarks), to which interest on securities may be linked, have become the subject of regulatory 
scrutiny and recent national and international regulatory guidance and proposals for reforms.  This has 
resulted in regulatory reform and changes to existing Benchmarks.  Such reform of Benchmarks 
includes the EU Benchmarks Regulation and Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (as amended, including by 
Regulation (EU) 2021/168) as it forms part of the domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of 
the EUWA (the UK Benchmarks Regulation, and together with the EU Benchmarks Regulation, the 
Benchmarks Regulations) which apply to the provision of Benchmarks, the contribution of input 
data to a Benchmark and the use of a Benchmark within the EU and the UK, respectively.  Among 
other things, the EU Benchmarks Regulation and UK Benchmarks Regulation (i) require Benchmark 
administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if non-EU-based or UK-based, to be subject to an 
equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed) and (ii) prevent certain uses by EU and UK 
supervised entities, as applicable, (such as the Issuer) of Benchmarks of administrators that are not 
authorised or registered (or, if non-EU based or UK-based, as applicable, not deemed equivalent or 
recognised or endorsed). 
The Benchmarks Regulations could have a material impact on any Notes linked to or referencing a 
benchmark, in particular, if the methodology or other terms of the Benchmark are changed in order to 
comply with the requirements of the Benchmarks Regulations.  Such changes could, among other 
things, have the effect of reducing, increasing or otherwise affecting the volatility of the published rate 
or level of the relevant Benchmark.  
Specifically, the sustainability of LIBOR has been questioned as a result of the absence of relevant 
active underlying markets and possible disincentives (including possibly as a result of benchmark 
reforms) for market participants to continue contributing to such Benchmarks.  The UK Financial 
Conduct Authority (the FCA) has indicated through a series of announcements that the continuation 
of LIBOR on the current basis cannot and will not be guaranteed after 2021. On 5 March 2021, the 
FCA announced that all LIBOR settings will either cease to be provided by any administrator or will 
no longer be representative (a) immediately after 31 December 2021, in the case of all sterling, euro, 
Swiss franc and Japanese yen settings, and the 1-week and 2-month US dollar settings; and (b) 
immediately after 30 June 2023, in the case of the remaining US dollar settings. In addition, on 29 
November 2017, the Bank of England and the FCA announced that, from January 2018, its working 
group on Sterling risk free rates has been mandated with implementing a broad-based transition to 
SONIA over the next four years across sterling bond, loan and derivative markets so that SONIA is 
established as the primary sterling interest rate benchmark by the end of 2021. 
On 21 September 2017, the European Central Bank announced that it would be part of a new working 
group tasked with the identification and adoption of a "risk free overnight rate" to serve as a basis for 
an alternative to current benchmarks used in a variety of financial instruments and contracts in the 
euro area. On 13 September 2018, the working group on Euro risk-free rates recommended the new 
Euro short-term rate (€STR) as the new risk-free rate for the euro area. The €STR was published for 
the first time on 2 October 2019. Although EURIBOR has been reformed in order to comply with the 
terms of the EU Benchmarks Regulation, it remains uncertain as to how long it will continue in its 
current form, or whether it will be further reformed or replaced with €STR or an alternative 
benchmark. The euro risk free-rate working group for the euro area has also published a set of guiding

--- Page 37 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
37 
 
 
principles and high level recommendations for fallback provisions in, amongst other things, new euro 
denominated cash products (including bonds) referencing EURIBOR. The guiding principles indicate, 
among other things, that continuing to reference EURIBOR in relevant contracts (without robust 
fallback provisions) may increase the risk to the euro area financial system. 
It is not possible to predict whether, and to what extent, LIBOR and EURIBOR will continue to be 
supported going forwards.  This may cause LIBOR or EURIBOR to perform differently than they 
have done in the past and may have other consequences which cannot be predicted.  Such factors may 
have (without limitation) the following effects on certain Benchmarks: (i) discouraging market 
participants from continuing to administer or contribute to a Benchmark; (ii) triggering changes in the 
rules or methodologies used in the Benchmark; or (iii) leading to the disappearance of the Benchmark. 
Any of the above changes or any other consequential changes as a result of international or national 
reforms or other initiatives or investigations, could a material adverse effect on the value or liquidity 
of, and return on, any Notes linked to, referencing, or otherwise dependent (in whole or in part upon), 
a Benchmark. 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the 
potential risks imposed by the Benchmarks Regulations reforms in making any investment decision 
with respect to any Notes linked to, referencing, or otherwise dependent (in whole or in part upon), a 
Benchmark. 
10. 
Fallback arrangements in respect of Benchmarks may have a material adverse effect on the value 
and liquidity of and return on affected Notes 
Investors should be aware that in the case of Floating Rate Notes and Fixed Reset Notes, the Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes provide for certain fallback arrangements in the event that a published 
Benchmark, including an inter-bank offered rate such as LIBOR, EURIBOR or other relevant 
reference rates (other than SOFR) ceases to exist or be published or another Benchmark Event (as 
defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes) occurs. These fallback arrangements include the 
possibility that the Rate of Interest could be determined by the Issuer and an Independent Adviser 
(acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner), without any separate consent or 
approval of the Noteholders, by reference to a Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate and that an 
Adjustment Spread may be applied to such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate, together with the 
making of certain Benchmark Amendments to the Terms and Conditions of such Notes. In certain 
circumstances, the Adjustment Spread is the spread, quantum, formula or methodology which the 
Issuer determines to be appropriate to reduce or eliminate to the extent reasonably practicable in the 
circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) to the Noteholders as a result 
of the replacement of the relevant benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) originally specified with 
the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be). However, such Adjustment Spread 
may not be effective to reduce or eliminate economic prejudice to Noteholders. The use of a Successor 
Rate or an Alternative Rate may result in interest payments that are lower than, or otherwise do not 
correlate over time with, the payments that could have been made on the Notes if the relevant 
Benchmark continued to be available in its current form. 
Further, no Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread may be adopted, nor any other 
amendment to the Terms and Conditions of any Series of Notes may be made to effect any Benchmark 
Amendments, if and to the extent that, in the determination of the Issuer, the same could reasonably 
be expected to prejudice the treatment of any relevant Series of Notes as Tier 2 capital or eligible 
liabilities for the purposes of MREL, in each case of the Issuer or the Group, as applicable, or could 
reasonably result in the Relevant Resolution Authority treating any future Interest Payment Date as 
the effective maturity of the Notes, rather than the relevant Maturity Date.  
In certain circumstances the ultimate fallback for the purposes of calculation of interest for a particular 
Interest Period or Reset Period (as the case may be) may result in the Rate of Interest for the last

--- Page 38 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
38 
 
 
preceding Interest Period or Reset Period being used.  This may result in the effective application of a 
fixed rate for Floating Rate Notes based on the rate which was last observed on the Relevant Screen 
Page or, in the case of Fixed Reset Notes, the application of the Reset Rate for a preceding Reset 
Period or the initial Rate of Interest applicable to such Notes on the Interest Commencement Date.  In 
addition, due to the uncertainty concerning the availability of any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate, 
the relevant fallback provisions may not operate as intended at the relevant time.  
Any such consequences could have a material adverse effect on the value or liquidity of and return on 
any such Notes.  Moreover, any of the above matters or any other significant change to the setting or 
existence of any relevant reference rate could affect the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations 
under the Floating Rate Notes or Fixed Reset Notes or could have a material adverse effect on the 
value or liquidity of, and the amount payable under, the Floating Rate Notes or Fixed Reset Notes.  
Investors should consider these matters when making their investment decision with respect to the 
relevant Floating Rate Notes or Fixed Reset Notes. 
11. 
SONIA and SOFR both have a limited history, the relevant administrator of SONIA or SOFR may 
make changes that could change the value of SONIA or SOFR or discontinue SONIA or SOFR, 
the market continues to develop in relation to SONIA and SOFR as a reference rate for Floating 
Rate Notes, investors may not be able to estimate reliably the amount of interest which will be 
payable on the relevant Notes and any failure of SOFR to gain market acceptance could adversely 
affect Noteholders  
Where the relevant Final Terms for a Series of Floating Rate Notes identifies that the Rate of Interest 
for such Notes will be determined by reference to SONIA or SOFR, the Rate of Interest will be 
determined by reference to Compounded Daily SONIA, Compounded Daily SONIA Index, Weighted 
Average SONIA, Compounded Daily SOFR (including on the basis of the SOFR Index published on 
the NY Federal Reserve’s Website) or SOFR Arithmetic Mean. In each case such rate will differ from 
the relevant LIBOR or EURIBOR rate in a number of material respects, including (without limitation) 
that a compounded daily rate or weighted average rate is a backwards-looking, risk-free overnight 
rate, and a single daily rate is a risk-free overnight non-term rate, whereas LIBOR and EURIBOR are 
expressed on the basis of a forward-looking term and include a risk-element based on inter-bank 
lending. As such, investors should be aware that LIBOR, EURIBOR, SONIA and SOFR may behave 
materially differently as interest reference rates for Notes issued under the Programme.  
The market continues to develop in relation to SONIA and SOFR as reference rates in the capital 
markets and their adoption as alternatives to the relevant interbank offered rates. In addition, market 
participants and relevant working groups are exploring alternative reference rates based on SONIA or 
SOFR, including term SONIA and term SOFR reference rates (which seek to measure the market's 
forward expectation of an average SONIA or SOFR rate over a designated term). The development of 
SONIA and SOFR as interest reference rates for the Eurobond markets, as well as continued 
development of SONIA and SOFR based rates for such market and the market infrastructure for 
adopting such rates, could result in reduced liquidity or increased volatility or could otherwise affect 
the market price of the Notes. 
The use of SONIA or SOFR as reference rates for Eurobonds continues to develop both in terms of 
the substance of the calculation and in the development and adoption of market infrastructure for the 
issuance and trading of bonds referencing SONIA. Publication of such reference rates has a limited 
history. The future performance of SONIA or SOFR may therefore be difficult to predict based on the 
limited historical performance. The level of SONIA or SOFR during the term of the Notes may bear 
little or no relation to the historical level of SONIA or SOFR.  Prior observed patterns, if any, in the 
behaviour of market variables and their relation to SONIA or SOFR such as correlations, may change 
in the future.

--- Page 39 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
39 
 
 
The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of SONIA or SOFR that differs 
significantly from that set out in the Conditions as applicable to the Notes. Furthermore, the Issuer 
may, in future, issue Notes referencing SONIA or SOFR that differ materially in terms of interest 
determination when compared with the Notes. In addition, the manner of adoption or application of 
SONIA or SOFR reference rates in the Eurobond markets may differ materially compared with the 
application and adoption of SONIA or SOFR in other markets, such as the derivatives and loan 
markets. Investors should carefully consider how any mismatch between the adoption of SONIA or 
SOFR reference rates across these markets may impact any hedging or other financial arrangements 
which they may put in place in connection with any acquisition, holding or disposal of Notes 
referencing any such rate. 
Furthermore, the Rate of Interest is only capable of being determined immediately prior to the relevant 
Interest Payment Date. It may be difficult for investors to estimate reliably the amount of interest 
which will be payable on the Notes, and some investors may be unable or unwilling to trade such 
Notes without changes to their IT systems, both of which factors could adversely impact the liquidity 
of the Notes. Further, in contrast to LIBOR-based Notes, if the Notes become due and payable under 
the Conditions, or are otherwise redeemed early on a date which is not an Interest Payment Date, the 
final Rate of Interest payable in respect of the Notes shall be determined by reference to a shortened 
period ending immediately prior to the date on which the Notes become due and payable. 
To the extent the SONIA or SOFR rate is not published, the applicable rate to be used to calculate the 
Rate of Interest on Notes referencing SONIA or SOFR, as applicable, will be determined using the 
fallback provisions set out in the Conditions which apply specifically to Notes referencing SONIA or 
SOFR and are distinct to those applying to other types of Notes. Any of these fallback provisions may 
result in interest payments that are lower than, or do not otherwise correlate over time with, the 
payments that would have been made on the Notes if the relevant SONIA or SOFR rate had been so 
published in its current form. In addition, use of the fallback provisions may result in the effective 
application of a fixed rate of interest to the Notes. 
The Bank of England (or a successor), as administrator of SONIA, and the Federal Reserve Bank of 
New York (or a successor), as administrator of SOFR, may make methodological or other changes 
that could change the value of SONIA or SOFR, including changes related to the method by which 
SONIA is calculated, eligibility criteria applicable to the transactions used to calculate SONIA or 
SOFR, or timing related to the publication of SONIA or SOFR. In addition, the administrator may 
alter, discontinue or suspend calculation or dissemination of SONIA or SOFR (in which case a fallback 
method of determining the interest rate on the Notes will apply). The administrator has no obligation 
to consider the interests of Noteholders when calculating, adjusting, converting, revising or 
discontinuing SONIA or SOFR. 
Holders of Notes that pay a floating rate of interest that references SOFR are exposed to the risk that 
such rate may not be widely accepted in the market. As a rate based on transactions secured by U.S. 
Treasury securities, it does not measure bank-specific credit risk and, as a result, is less likely to 
correlate with the unsecured short-term funding costs of banks. This may mean that market participants 
would not consider SOFR to be a suitable substitute or successor for all of the purposes for which 
LIBOR historically has been used (including, without limitation, as a representation of the unsecured 
short-term funding costs of banks), which may, in turn, lessen its market acceptance. Any failure of 
SOFR to gain or maintain market acceptance could adversely affect the return on, value of and market 
for Notes that pay a floating rate of interest referencing SOFR.

--- Page 40 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
40 
 
 
Risks Related to Early Intervention and Resolution 
12. 
The Notes may be subject to the exercise of the Spanish Bail-in Power by the Relevant Resolution 
Authority.  Other powers contained in Law 11/2015 and the SRM Regulation could materially affect 
the rights of the Noteholders under, and the value of, any Notes 
As further explained in the section headed "Loss Absorbing Powers", the Notes may be subject to the 
bail-in tool (the Spanish Bail-in Power, as defined therein) and, in the case of the Tier 2 Subordinated 
Notes, and pursuant to the BRRD 2 (pending implementation in Spain) and the SRM Regulation 2, 
Ordinary Senior Notes, Subordinated Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes that qualify as eligible 
liabilities to the write down and conversion powers (the Non-Viability Loss Absorption, as defined 
therein) contemplated in article 59 of BRRD and in general to the powers that may be exercised by 
the Relevant Resolution Authority (as defined therein) under Law 11/2015 and the Regulation (EU) 
No 806/2014, of 15 July, establishing uniform rules and a uniform procedure for the resolution of 
credit institutions and certain investment firms in the framework of a Single Resolution Mechanism 
and a Single Resolution Fund and amending Regulation (EU) No 1093/2010 (the SRM Regulation).  
To the extent that any resulting treatment of Noteholders pursuant to the exercise of the Loss 
Absorbing Power is less favourable than would have been the case under such hierarchy in normal 
insolvency proceedings, a Noteholder may have a right to compensation under the BRRD and the 
SRM Regulation based on an independent valuation of the institution, in accordance with Article 10 
of RD 1012/2015 and the SRM Regulation.  Any such compensation, together with any other 
compensation provided by any applicable banking regulations (including, among other such 
compensation, in accordance with Article 36.5 of Law 11/2015) is unlikely to compensate that 
Noteholder for the losses it has actually incurred and there is likely to be a considerable delay in the 
recovery of such compensation.  Compensation payments (if any) are also likely to be made 
considerably later than when amounts may otherwise have been due under the Notes. 
The powers set out in the BRRD as implemented through Law 11/2015, RD 1012/2015 and the SRM 
Regulation will impact how credit institutions and investment firms are managed as well as, in certain 
circumstances, the rights of creditors.  Pursuant to Law 11/2015, Noteholders may be subject to, 
among other things, on any application of the Spanish Bail-in-Power a write-down (including to zero) 
or conversion into equity or other securities or obligations of amounts due under such Notes and, in 
the case of the Tier 2 Subordinated Notes, may be subject to any Non-Viability Loss Absorption.  The 
exercise of any such powers may result in such Noteholders losing some or all of their investment or 
otherwise having their rights under such Notes adversely affected.  For example, the Spanish Bail-in 
Power may be exercised in such a manner as to result in Noteholders receiving a different security, 
which may be worth significantly less than the Notes.  Moreover, the exercise of the Spanish Bail-in 
Power with respect to the Notes or the taking by an authority of any other action, or any suggestion 
that the exercise or taking of any such action may happen, could materially adversely affect the rights 
of Noteholders, the market price or value or trading behaviour of any Notes and/or the ability of the 
Issuer to satisfy its obligations under any Notes.  Furthermore, the exercise of the Spanish Bail-in 
Power and any Non-Viability Loss Absorption by the Relevant Resolution Authority with respect to 
the Notes is likely to be inherently unpredictable and may depend on a number of factors which may 
also be outside of the Issuer's control.  In addition, as the Relevant Resolution Authority will retain an 
element of discretion, Noteholders may not be able to refer to publicly available criteria in order to 
anticipate any potential exercise of any such Spanish Bail-in Power and any Non-Viability Loss 
Absorption.  Because of this inherent uncertainty, it will be difficult to predict when, if at all, the 
exercise of any such powers by the Relevant Resolution Authority may occur. 
This uncertainty may adversely affect the value of the Notes.  The price and trading behaviour of the 
Notes may be affected by the threat of a possible exercise of any power under Law 11/2015 (including 
any early intervention measure before any resolution) or any suggestion of such exercise, even if the

--- Page 41 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
41 
 
 
likelihood of such exercise is remote.  Moreover, the Relevant Resolution Authority may exercise any 
such power without providing any advance notice to the Noteholders. 
13. 
Noteholders will not be able to exercise their rights on an event of default in the event of the 
adoption of any early intervention, restructuring or resolution measure under Law 11/2015 and the 
SRM Regulation 
The Issuer may be subject to a procedure of early intervention, restructuring or resolution pursuant to 
the BRRD as implemented through Law 11/2015 and RD 1012/2015, and the SRM Regulation if the 
Issuer or its group of consolidated credit entities is in breach (or due, among other things, to a rapidly 
deteriorating financial condition, it is likely in the near future to be in breach) of applicable regulatory 
requirements relating to solvency, liquidity, internal structure or internal controls or if the conditions 
for resolution referred to above are met (see "Risks Related to Early Intervention and Resolution – 12. 
The Notes may be subject to the exercise of the Spanish Bail-in Power by the Relevant Resolution 
Authority.  Other powers contained in Law 11/2015 and the SRM Regulation could materially affect 
the rights of the Noteholders under, and the value of, any Notes").  
Pursuant to Law 11/2015 the adoption of any early intervention, restructuring or resolution procedure 
shall not itself constitute an event of default or entitle any counterparty of the Issuer to exercise any 
rights it may otherwise have in respect thereof.  Any provision providing for such rights shall further 
be deemed not to apply, although this does not limit the ability of a counterparty to declare any event 
of default and exercise its rights accordingly where an event of default arises either before or after the 
exercise of any such procedure and does not necessarily relate to the exercise of any relevant measure 
or power which has been applied pursuant to Law 11/2015. 
Any enforcement by a Noteholder of its rights under the Notes upon the occurrence of an Event of 
Default following the adoption of any early intervention or any resolution procedure will, therefore, 
be subject to the relevant provisions of the BRRD, Law 11/2015 and RD 1012/2015 and the SRM 
Regulation in relation to the exercise of the relevant measures and powers pursuant to such procedure, 
including the resolution tools and powers referred to above (see "Risks Related to Early Intervention 
and Resolution – 12. The Notes may be subject to the exercise of the Spanish Bail-in Power by the 
Relevant Resolution Authority.  Other powers contained in Law 11/2015 and the SRM Regulation 
could materially affect the rights of the Noteholders under, and the value of, any Notes").  Any claims 
on the occurrence of an Event of Default will consequently be limited by the application of any 
measures pursuant to the provisions of Law 11/2015 and RD 1012/2015 and the SRM Regulation.  
There can be no assurance that the taking of any such action would not adversely affect the rights of 
Noteholders, the price or value of their investment in the Notes and/or the ability of the Issuer to satisfy 
its obligations under the Notes and the enforcement by a holder of any rights it may otherwise have 
on the occurrence of any Event of Default may be limited in these circumstances.  
Risks applicable to Senior Notes 
14. 
Claims of Noteholders under Senior Notes are effectively junior to those of certain other creditors 
and claims of Noteholders under Senior Non-Preferred Notes are further junior to those of other 
senior creditors 
Senior Notes are unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer.  Upon the insolvency 
(concurso) of the Issuer, in accordance with the Insolvency Law and Additional Provision 14.2 of Law 
11/2015 (but subject to any other ranking that may apply as a result of any mandatory provision of 
law (or otherwise)), the payment obligations of the Issuer under the Senior Notes in respect of principal 
(and unless they qualify as subordinated claims (créditos subordinados) pursuant to Article 281 of the 
Insolvency Law), will rank: (a) in the case of Ordinary Senior Notes: (i) senior to (A) any Senior Non-
Preferred Obligations (as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes) and (B) any claims against 
the Issuer qualifying as subordinated claims (créditos subordinados) under Article 281 of the

--- Page 42 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
42 
 
 
Insolvency Law (or equivalent legal provision which replaces it in the future); and (ii) pari passu 
among themselves and with any other Senior Preferred Obligations (as defined in the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes); and (b) in the case of Senior Non-Preferred Notes: (i) senior to any claims 
against the Issuer qualifying as subordinated claims (créditos subordinados) under Article 281 of the 
Insolvency Law (or equivalent legal provision which replaces it in the future); (ii) pari passu among 
themselves and with any other Senior Non-Preferred Obligations and (iii) junior to any Senior 
Preferred Obligations.  
Senior Notes rank below credits against the insolvency estate (créditos contra la masa) and credits 
with a privilege (créditos privilegiados) (including, without limitation, any deposits for the purposes 
of Additional Provision 14.1º of Law 11/2015) which shall be paid in full before ordinary credits. In 
addition, Senior Non-Preferred Notes rank behind any other ordinary claims (créditos ordinarios) 
against the Issuer, including without limitation, the Issuer's Senior Preferred Obligations.  
In addition, the payment obligations of the Issuer in respect of interest accrued but unpaid under the 
Senior Notes as of the commencement of any insolvency procedure in respect of the Issuer will 
constitute subordinated claims (créditos subordinados) ranking in accordance with the provisions of 
Article 281.1.3º of the Insolvency Law and no further interest shall accrue from the date of the 
declaration of insolvency of the Issuer.  
Therefore, the Senior Notes will be effectively subordinated to all of the Issuer's secured indebtedness, 
to the extent of the value of the assets securing such indebtedness, and other obligations that rank 
senior under the Spanish Law. 
The Senior Notes are also structurally subordinated to all indebtedness of subsidiaries of the Issuer 
insofar as any right of the Issuer to receive any assets of such companies upon their winding-up will 
be effectively subordinated to the claims of the creditors of those companies in the winding-up. 
The Ministry of Economic Affairs and Digital Transformation published in July 2020 a draft bill for 
the implementation of BRRD 2 in Spain (the BRRD 2 Draft Bill) amending, among others, Law 
11/2015. Among other changes, according to BRRD 2 Draft Bill bank deposits (mainly, non-eligible 
deposits and deposits of corporates other than those contemplated under Additional Provision 14.1º of 
Law 11/2015) which as of the date of this Base Prospectus do not constitute credits with a privilege 
(créditos privilegiados), would be considered credits with a privilege (créditos privilegiados) and, in 
the case of insolvency of the Issuer, would rank senior to Ordinary Senior Notes. It is uncertain when 
the BRRD 2 Draft Bill will be adopted and on which terms. 
Risks applicable to Subordinated Notes 
15. 
An investor in Subordinated Notes assumes an enhanced risk of loss in the event of the Issuer's 
insolvency or resolution 
The Issuer's obligations under Subordinated Notes will be unsecured and subordinated obligations 
(créditos subordinados) of the Issuer and will rank junior in priority of payment to all unsubordinated 
obligations (créditos ordinarios) of the Issuer (including any Senior Non-Preferred Obligations (as 
defined in the Conditions)).  Although Subordinated Notes may pay a higher rate of interest than 
comparable Notes which are not subordinated, there is an enhanced risk that an investor in 
Subordinated Notes will lose all or some of his investment should the Issuer become (i) subject to 
resolution under the BRRD (as implemented through Law 11/2015 and RD 1012/2015) and the SRM 
Regulation and the Subordinated Notes become subject to the application of the Spanish Bail-in Power 
(including, in the case of Tier 2 Subordinated Notes, Non-Viability Loss Absorption) or (ii) insolvent.

--- Page 43 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
43 
 
 
In the case of any exercise of the Spanish Bail-in Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority, the 
sequence of any resulting write-down or conversion of the Notes under Article 48 of the BRRD and 
Article 48 of Law 11/2015 is described in the section headed "Loss Absorbing Powers". 
In an insolvency scenario, after payment in full of unsubordinated and unsecured claims (créditos 
ordinarios), (including any senior non-preferred claims (créditos ordinarios no preferentes)) but 
before distributions to shareholders, under Article 281 of the Insolvency Law read in conjunction with 
Additional Provision 14.3º of Law 11/2015, the Issuer will meet subordinated claims after payments 
in full of unsubordinated claims but before distributions to shareholders, in the following order and 
pro-rata within each class:  
(a) 
late or incorrect claims; 
(b) 
contractually subordinated liabilities (firstly, those that do not qualify as Additional Tier 1 or 
Tier 2 instruments, which is expected to be the case with Senior Subordinated Notes, secondly, 
those that qualify as Tier 2 instruments, which is expected to be the case with Tier 2 
Subordinated Notes, and thirdly, Additional Tier 1 instruments); 
(c) 
interest (including accrued and unpaid interest due on the Notes);  
(d) 
fines;  
(e) 
claims of creditors which are specially related to the Issuer as provided for under the 
Insolvency Law;  
(f) 
detrimental claims against the Issuer where a Spanish Court has determined that the relevant 
creditor has acted in bad faith (rescisión concursal); and  
(g) 
credits deriving from contracts with bilateral obligations, corresponding to the Issuer's 
counterparty, or to the creditor, in case of restatement of financing agreements or of 
agreements for the acquisition of assets with a price to be paid in the future, when a judge 
considers, with a prior report of the insolvency administrators, that the creditor repeatedly 
impedes the fulfilment of the contract against the interest of the insolvency. 
The BRRD 2 Draft Bill contains, among others, certain amendments to Additional Provision 14 of 
Law 11/2015 which would affect the status of the contractually subordinated obligations of credit 
institutions, such as the Subordinated Notes. If the BRRD 2 Draft Bill is adopted as currently drafted, 
in the case of insolvency of the Issuer, payment obligations on account of principal of Subordinated 
Notes will be further subordinated and will rank junior to any claims in respect of other subordinated 
obligations of the Issuer under Article 281 of the Insolvency Law and, consequently, will rank after 
claims referred to in limb (g) in the paragraph above. As at the date of this Base Prospectus it is 
uncertain when the BRRD 2 Draft Bill will be adopted and on which terms. 
Furthermore, the BRRD 2 Draft Bill does not contain specific provisions transposing Article 48(7) of 
BRRD 2. Currently, Additional Provision 14.3º of Law 11/2015 provides for the ranking of contractual 
subordinated instruments according to their nature as capital instruments (as referred to under limb (b) 
above). According to Article 48(7) of BRRD 2 if an instrument is only partly recognised as an own 
funds item, the whole instrument shall be treated in insolvency as a claim resulting from an own funds 
item and shall rank lower than any claim that does not result from an own funds item. However, in 
other jurisdictions in the EU such transposition has required instruments which are fully disqualified 
as own funds items to cease to be treated as a claim resulting from an own funds item in insolvency 
and, consequently, could potentially improve their ranking with respect to any claim that results from 
an own funds item (such as the Tier 2 Subordinated Notes). If the Spanish authorities were to transpose 
Article 48(7) of BRRD following such approach and certain Tier 2 Subordinated Notes of the Issuer

--- Page 44 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
44 
 
 
were to be disqualified as own funds items in the future, their ranking could potentially be improved 
vis à vis the rest of the Tier 2 Subordinated Notes. 
Under the Insolvency Law, accrual of interest on the Notes shall be suspended from the date of the 
declaration of insolvency of the Issuer. 
16. 
Risks Relating to the Insolvency Law  
The Insolvency Law provides, among other things, that: (i) any claim may become subordinated if it 
is not reported to the insolvency administrators (administradores concursales) within one month from 
the last official publication of the court order declaring the insolvency (if the insolvency proceeding 
is declared as abridged, the term to report may be reduced to fifteen days), (ii) provisions in a contract 
granting one party the right to terminate by reason only of the other's insolvency may not be 
enforceable, and (iii) accrual of unsecured interest (whether ordinary or default interest) shall be 
suspended from the date of the declaration of insolvency and any amount of interest accrued up to 
such date shall become subordinated. In the case of secured ordinary interests, (i) these shall be deemed 
as specially privileged, and (ii) interests shall keep accruing after the declaration of insolvency up to 
the limit of the secured amount, and only if a contingent credit for secured ordinary interests that may 
accrue after the declaration of insolvency is included in the statement of claim to be sent to the 
insolvency administrator (as per the Supreme Court judgment dated 20 February 2019). In the case of 
secured default interests, (i) these shall be deemed as specially privileged, and (ii) these shall not 
accrue after the declaration of insolvency, in accordance with the Spanish Supreme Court judgment 
dated 11 April 2019. Any payments of interest in respect of debt securities will be subject to the 
subordination provisions of Article 281.1.3º of the Insolvency Law.  
The Insolvency Law, in certain instances, also has the effect of modifying or impairing creditors' rights 
even if the creditor, either secured or unsecured, does not consent to the amendment.  Secured and 
unsecured dissenting creditors may be written down not only once the insolvency has been declared 
by the judge as a result of the approval of a creditors' agreement (convenio concursal), but also as a 
result of an out-of-court restructuring agreement (acuerdo de refinanciación pre-concursal) without 
insolvency proceedings having been previously opened (e.g., refinancing agreements which satisfy 
certain requirements and are validated by the judge), in both scenarios (i) to the extent that certain 
qualified majorities are achieved and (ii) unless some exceptions in relation to the kind of claim or 
creditor apply (which would not be the case for the Notes). 
In no case shall subordinated creditors be entitled to vote upon a creditors' agreement during the 
insolvency proceedings, and accordingly, shall always be subject to the measures contained therein, if 
passed.  Additionally, liabilities from those creditors considered specially related persons for the 
purpose of Article 282 of the Insolvency Law would not be taken into account for the purposes of 
calculating the majorities required for the out-of-court restructuring agreement (acuerdo de 
refinanciación pre-concursal). 
Risks related to Notes generally 
17. 
Risks relating to the Spanish withholding tax regime 
Article 44 of Royal Decree 1065/2007 sets out the reporting obligations applicable to preference shares 
and debt instruments issued under Law 10/2014 (the Simplified Information Procedures), which are 
described under "Taxation - Simplified information procedures".  The procedures apply to interest 
deriving from preferred securities (participaciones preferentes) and debt instruments to which Law 
10/2014 refers, including debt instruments issued at a discount for a period equal to or less than twelve 
months.

--- Page 45 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
45 
 
 
According to the literal wording of Article 44.5 of Royal Decree 1065/2007, income derived from 
securities originally registered with the entities that manage clearing systems located outside Spain, 
and are recognised by Spanish law or by the law of another OECD country (such as Euroclear Bank 
SA/NV (Euroclear) and Clearstream Banking, S.A. (Clearstream, Luxembourg)), will be paid free 
of Spanish withholding tax provided that the Paying Agent appointed by the Issuer submits a statement 
to the Issuer, the form of which is included in the Agency Agreement. 
In accordance with Article 44 of Royal Decree 1065/2007, the relevant Issuing and Principal Paying 
Agent should provide the Issuer with the statement on the business day immediately prior to each 
interest payment date.  The statement must reflect the situation at the close of business of that same 
day.  In the event that on such date, the entity(ies) obliged to provide the declaration fail to do so, the 
Issuer or the Issuing and Principal Paying Agent on its behalf will make a withholding at the general 
rate (currently 19%) on the total amount of the return on the relevant Notes otherwise payable to such 
entity.  
The Issuer considers that, according to Royal Decree 1065/2007, any payments under the Notes will 
be made by the Issuer free of Spanish withholding tax, provided that the Simplified Information 
Procedures described above (which do not require identification of the Noteholders) are complied with 
by the Issuer and the Issuing and Principal Paying Agent.  
In the case of Notes held by Spanish resident individuals and deposited with a Spanish resident entity 
acting as depositary or custodian, payments in respect of such Notes may be subject to withholding by 
such depositary or custodian at the current rate of 19%. 
Noteholders must seek their own advice to ensure that they comply with all procedures to ensure the 
correct tax treatment of their Notes.  None of the Issuer, the Dealers, the Issuing and Principal Paying 
Agent or any clearing system (including Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg) assume any 
responsibility therefor. 
The procedure described in this Base Prospectus for the provision of information required by Spanish 
laws and regulations is a summary only and neither of the Issuer or the Dealers, assumes any 
responsibility therefor.  In the event that the currently applicable procedures are modified, amended 
or supplemented by, among other things, any Spanish law, regulation, interpretation or ruling of the 
Spanish tax authorities, the Issuer will notify the holders of such information procedures and their 
implications, as the Issuer may be required to apply withholding tax on distributions in respect of the 
relevant securities if the holders do not comply with such information procedures. 
18. 
The Conditions of the Notes contain provisions which may permit their modification and/or 
substitution without the consent of all or any investors 
The Conditions of the Notes contain provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders to consider and 
vote upon matters affecting their interests generally, or to pass resolutions in writing or through the 
use of electronic consents.  These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Noteholders 
including Noteholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting or, as the case may be, did 
not sign the written resolution or give their consent electronically, and including those Noteholders 
who voted in a manner contrary to the majority. 
In addition, subject as provided herein, in particular to the provisions of Condition 18 (Substitution 
and Variation) of the English Law Conditions or Condition 18 (Substitution and Variation) of the 
Spanish Law Conditions, if a Capital Event, an Eligible Liabilities Event, an Alignment Event or a 
circumstance giving rise to the right to early redeem Ordinary Senior Notes eligible to comply with 
MREL Requirements, Subordinated Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes for taxation reasons, occurs 
the Issuer may, at its option, and without the consent or approval of the Noteholders, elect either (i) to 
substitute all (but not some only) of the Notes or (ii) to vary the terms of all (but not some only) of the

--- Page 46 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
46 
 
 
Notes (including, in the case of the English Law Notes, changing the governing law of such Notes 
from English law to Spanish law), in each case so that they are substituted for, or varied to, become or 
remain Qualifying Notes.  While Qualifying Notes must contain terms that are materially no less 
favourable to Noteholders as the original terms of the relevant Notes, there can be no assurance that 
the terms of any Qualifying Notes will be viewed by the market as equally favourable, or that the 
Qualifying Notes will trade at prices that are equal to the prices at which the Notes would have traded 
on the basis of their original terms.  In the case of the English Law Notes, any change in the governing 
law of such Notes from English law to Spanish law, so that the English Law Notes become or remain 
Qualifying Notes, shall not be subject to the requirement to be not materially less favourable to the 
interests of the Holders of the English Law Notes. Any variation in the ranking of the relevant Notes 
(including, inter alia, through the removal of an Issuer Call) shall be deemed not to be materially less 
favourable to the interests of the Holders of the Notes where the ranking of such Notes following such 
substitution or modification is at least the same ranking as is applicable to such Notes as set out in the 
applicable Final Terms on the issue date of such Notes. 
Further, prior to the making of any such substitution or variation, the Issuer shall not be obliged to 
have regard to the tax position of individual Noteholders or to the tax consequences of any such 
substitution or variation for individual Noteholder.  No Noteholder shall be entitled to claim, whether 
from the Paying Agent, the Issuer, or any other person, any indemnification or payment in respect of 
any tax consequence of any such substitution or variation upon individual Noteholders.  
19. 
The terms of the Notes contain a waiver of set-off rights 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes provide that Noteholders waive any deduction, set-off, netting 
or compensation rights arising directly or indirectly under or in connection with any Note against any 
right, claim, or liability the Issuer has or may have or acquire against any Noteholder, directly or 
indirectly, howsoever arising.  As a result Noteholders will not at any time be entitled to set off the 
Issuer's obligations under the Notes against obligations owed by them to the Issuer. In addition, the 
exercise of set-off rights in respect of the Issuer's obligations under the Notes upon the opening of a 
resolution procedure would be prohibited by Article 68 of BRRD (as transposed into Spanish law). 
20. 
Substitution of the Issuer 
If the conditions set out in Condition 16 (Substitution of the Issuer) are met, the Issuer may, without 
the further consent of the Noteholders, subject to such substitution being in compliance with 
Applicable Banking Regulations (including, for the avoidance of doubt, Applicable MREL 
Regulations) and subject to the prior permission of the Regulator and/or the Relevant Resolution 
Authority, if and as required therefor under Applicable Banking Regulations (including, for the 
avoidance of doubt, Applicable MREL Regulations), be replaced and substituted by any of its wholly 
owned Subsidiaries (as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes) as the principal debtor in 
respect of all obligations arising under or in connection with the Notes, Coupons, Talons and the Deed 
of Covenant (the Substituted Debtor).  In that case, the Noteholders will assume the risk that the 
Substituted Debtor may become insolvent or otherwise be unable to make all payments due in respect 
of the Notes. 
21. 
Reliance on Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg procedures 
The Notes will be represented on issue by Global Notes that will be deposited with a common 
depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg.  Except in the circumstances described in the 
Global Notes, investors will not be entitled to receive Notes in definitive form.  Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and their respective direct and indirect participants will maintain records of 
the beneficial interests in the Global Notes.  While the Notes are represented by the Global Notes, 
investors will be able to trade their beneficial interests only through Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and their respective participants.

--- Page 47 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
47 
 
 
While the Notes are represented by the Global Notes, the Issuer will discharge its payment obligation 
under the Notes by making payments through the relevant clearing systems.  A holder of a beneficial 
interest in a Global Note must rely on the procedures of the relevant clearing system and its participants 
to receive payments under the Notes.  The Issuer has no responsibility or liability for the records 
relating to, or payments made in respect of, beneficial interests in the Global Notes.  
Holders of beneficial interests in a Global Note will not have a direct right to vote in respect of the 
Notes.  Instead, such holders will be permitted to act only to the extent that they are enabled by the 
relevant clearing system and its participants to appoint appropriate proxies.  Similarly, holders of 
beneficial interests in the Global Notes, will not have a direct right under such Notes to take 
enforcement action against the Issuer in the event of a default under the relevant Notes (except to the 
extent that they may rely, in the case of English Law Notes, upon their rights under the Deed of 
Covenant and, in the case of Spanish Law Notes, upon Condition 1 (Form, Denomination and Title) 
of the Terms and Conditions of the Spanish Law Notes and under the provisions of the Global Notes). 
Risks related to the market generally 
Set out below is a description of material market risks, including liquidity risk, exchange rate risk, interest rate 
risk and credit risk: 
22. 
An active secondary market in respect of the Notes may never be established or may be illiquid and 
this would adversely affect the value at which an investor could sell his Notes 
Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop.  If a market 
does develop, it may not be very liquid and may be sensitive to changes in financial markets.  
Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Notes easily or at prices that will provide them with 
a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary market.  This is particularly 
the case should the Issuer be or be perceived in financial distress, which may result in any sale of the 
Notes having to be at a substantial discount to their principal amount or for Notes that are especially 
sensitive to interest rate, currency or market risks, are designed for specific investment objectives or 
strategies or have been structured to meet the investment requirements of limited categories of 
investors.  These types of Notes generally would have a more limited secondary market and more 
price volatility than conventional debt securities. 
23. 
Credit ratings assigned to the Issuer or any Notes may not reflect all the risks associated with an 
investment in those Notes 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Issuer or the Notes 
(including on an unsolicited basis).  The ratings may not reflect the potential impact of all the risks 
related to structure, market and additional factors discussed above, and do not address the price, if any, 
at which the Notes may be resold prior to maturity (which may be substantially less than the original 
offering prices of the Notes), and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes.  However, real 
or anticipated changes in the Issuer's credit rating will generally affect the market value of the Notes.  
A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised, suspended 
or withdrawn by the rating agency at any time. 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted under the CRA Regulation from using credit 
ratings for regulatory purposes in the EEA, unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating agency 
established in the EEA and registered under the CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been 
withdrawn or suspended), subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances.  Such 
general restriction will also apply in the case of credit ratings issued by third country non-EEA credit 
rating agencies, unless the relevant credit ratings are endorsed by an EEA-registered credit rating 
agency or the relevant third country rating agency is certified in accordance with the CRA Regulation 
(and such endorsement action or certification, as the case may be, has not been withdrawn or

--- Page 48 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
48 
 
 
suspended, subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances).  The list of registered 
and certified rating agencies published by ESMA on its website in accordance with the CRA 
Regulation is not conclusive evidence of the status of the relevant rating agency included in such list, 
as there may be delays between certain supervisory measures being taken against a relevant rating 
agency and the publication of the updated ESMA list.  Certain information with respect to the credit 
rating agencies and ratings is set out on the cover of this Base Prospectus. 
Investors regulated in the UK are subject to similar restrictions under the UK CRA Regulation. As 
such, UK regulated investors are required to use for UK regulatory purposes ratings issued by a credit 
rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation. In the case of 
ratings issued by third country non-UK credit rating agencies, third country credit ratings can either 
be: (a) endorsed by a UK registered credit rating agency; or (b) issued by a third country credit rating 
agency that is certified in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. Note this is subject, in each case, 
to (a) the relevant UK registration, certification or endorsement, as the case may be, not having been 
withdrawn or suspended, and (b) transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances. In the 
case of third country ratings, for a certain limited period of time, transitional relief accommodates 
continued use for regulatory purposes in the UK, of existing pre-2021 ratings, provided the relevant 
conditions are satisfied.  
If the status of the rating agency rating the Notes changes for the purposes of the CRA Regulation or 
the UK CRA Regulation, relevant regulated investors may no longer be able to use the rating for 
regulatory purposes in the EEA or the UK, as applicable, and the Notes may have a different regulatory 
treatment, which may impact the value of the Notes and their liquidity in the secondary market.

--- Page 49 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
49 
 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following documents which have previously been published or are published simultaneously with this 
Base Prospectus shall be incorporated in, and form part of, this Base Prospectus:  
(a) 
English language translation of CaixaBank's audited consolidated financial statements prepared in 
accordance with the International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by the EU (the IFRS-EU) 
(including the English language translation of the independent auditor's report thereon) for the 
financial year ended 31 December 2020 (the 2020 Consolidated Financial Statements) together with 
CaixaBank's management report in respect of the 2020 Consolidated Financial Statements 
(CaixaBank Group Management Report for 2020) available at:  
https://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/AFS%202020%20CaixaBank_512de684-3477-43f8-bc53-
0cdfd0cf72e9.pdf  
(b) 
English language translation of CaixaBank's audited consolidated financial statements prepared in 
accordance with the IFRS–EU (including the English language translation of the independent auditor's 
report thereon) for the financial year ended 31 December 2019 (the 2019 Consolidated Financial 
Statements) together with CaixaBank's management report in respect of the 2019 Consolidated 
Financial Statements (CaixaBank Group Management Report for 2019) available at:  
https://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Financial%20Statements%202019_9b174e13-3060-4ee5-a062-
47f2be11bb95.PDF  
(c) 
English language translation of Bankia’s audited consolidated financial statements prepared in 
accordance with the IFRS–EU (including the English language translation of the independent auditor's 
report thereon) for the financial year ended 31 December 2020 (the 2020 Bankia Consolidated 
Financial Statements) together with Bankia's consolidated directors’ report in respect of the 2020 
Consolidated Financial Statements (Bankia Management Report for 2020) available at:  
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/202104/a82b3fd5-7b4e-
475e-900d-e806d8437a2b.pdf  
(d) 
English language translation of Bankia’s audited consolidated financial statements prepared in 
accordance with the IFRS–EU (including the English language translation of the independent auditor's 
report thereon) for the financial year ended 31 December 2019 (the 2019 Bankia Consolidated 
Financial Statements) together with Bankia's consolidated directors’ report in respect of the 2019 
Consolidated Financial Statements (Bankia Management Report for 2019) available at:  
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/202104/b617daa3-2202-
496c-8cbc-ef2382601d1b.pdf    
(e) 
the terms and conditions of the Notes contained in the previous Base Prospectus dated 23 April 2020, 
at pages 63-114 and 115-170 (inclusive), prepared by the Issuer in connection with the Programme 
available at: 
https://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Base%20Prospectus_5dd712d3-dc28-4498-a3cd-
5888bb89ff02.pdf  
(f) 
the terms and conditions of the Notes contained in the previous Base Prospectus dated 26 April 2019, 
at pages 88-135 and 136-187 (inclusive), prepared by the Issuer in connection with the Programme 
available at:

--- Page 50 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
50 
 
 
https://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Base%20Prospectus_91bdab4f-cfbb-46ef-aa30-
be1d4be5e5c9.PDF  
(g) 
the terms and conditions of the Notes contained in the previous Base Prospectus dated 23 April 2018, 
as supplemented by the Supplement dated 18 September 2018, at pages 78-119 (inclusive) and 24-68 
(inclusive), respectively, prepared by the Issuer in connection with the Programme available at: 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/FinalBaseProspectus_24f6896b-6daf-4194-a177-aa0afb70f2a3.PDF  
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Supplements_fd19b879-5f01-4ed0-a805-dae3d234ab7a.PDF     
(h) 
the terms and conditions of the Notes contained in the previous Base Prospectus dated 20 June 2017 
at pages 73-110 (inclusive) prepared by the Issuer in connection with the Programme available at: 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/FinalBaseProspectus_e42a1032-98cb-492e-b076-aba6726cc96d.PDF   
(i) 
the terms and conditions of the Notes contained in the previous Base Prospectus dated 13 June 2016 
at pages 60-95 (inclusive) prepared by the Issuer in connection with the Programme available at: 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Base+Prospectus_ae00599e-d866-49e4-a253-38e876d33859.PDF  
Translations in English have been translated from the original Spanish language, and such translations 
constitute direct and accurate translations of the Spanish language text.  In the event of any discrepancy, the 
Spanish language version of the relevant document prevails. 
Any documents themselves incorporated by reference in the documents incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus shall not form part of this Base Prospectus. 
Any non-incorporated parts of a document referred to herein are either deemed not relevant for an investor or 
are otherwise covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. 
Following the publication of this Base Prospectus a supplement may be prepared by the Issuer and approved 
by the CBI in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.  Statements contained in any such 
supplement (or contained in any document incorporated by reference therein) shall, to the extent applicable 
(whether expressly, by implication or otherwise), be deemed to modify or supersede statements contained in 
this Base Prospectus or in a document which is incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus.  Any 
statement so modified or superseded shall not, except as so modified or superseded, constitute a part of this 
Base Prospectus.

--- Page 51 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
51 
 
 
FORM OF THE NOTES 
Each Tranche of Notes will be in bearer form and will initially be issued in the form of a temporary global 
note (a Temporary Global Note) or, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, a permanent global note (a 
Permanent Global Note) which, in either case, will: 
(i) 
if the Global Notes are intended to be issued in new global note (NGN) form, as stated in the applicable 
Final Terms, be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche to a common safekeeper 
(the Common Safekeeper) for Euroclear Bank SA/NV (Euroclear) and Clearstream Banking, S.A. 
(Clearstream, Luxembourg); and 
(ii) 
if the Global Notes are not intended to be issued in NGN Form, be delivered on or prior to the original 
issue date of the Tranche to a common depositary (the Common Depositary) for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Where the Global Notes issued in respect of any Tranche are in NGN form, the applicable Final Terms will 
also indicate whether such Global Notes are intended to be held in a manner which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility.  Any indication that the Global Notes are to be so held does not necessarily mean that the Notes of 
the relevant Tranche will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day 
credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any times during their life as such recognition 
depends upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria.  The Common Safekeeper for NGNs will either 
be Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or another entity approved by Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as indicated in the applicable Final Terms. 
Whilst any Note is represented by a Temporary Global Note, payments of principal, interest (if any) and any 
other amount payable in respect of the Notes due prior to the Exchange Date (as defined below) will be made 
(against presentation of the Temporary Global Note if the Temporary Global Note is not intended to be issued 
in NGN form) only to the extent that certification (in a form to be provided) to the effect that the beneficial 
owners of interests in such Note are not U.S. persons or persons who have purchased for resale to any U.S. 
person, as required by U.S. Treasury regulations, has been received by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable, has given a like certification 
(based on the certifications it has received) to the Agent. 
On and after the date (the Exchange Date) which is 40 days after a Temporary Global Note is issued, interests 
in such Temporary Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge) upon a request as described therein 
either for (a) interests in a Permanent Global Note of the same Series or (b) definitive Notes of the same Series 
with, where applicable, interest coupons and talons attached (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms and 
subject, in the case of definitive Notes, to such notice period as is specified in the applicable Final Terms), in 
each case against certification of beneficial ownership as described above unless such certification has already 
been given.  The holder of a Temporary Global Note will not be entitled to collect any payment of interest, 
principal or other amount due on or after the Exchange Date unless, upon due certification, exchange of the 
Temporary Global Note for an interest in a Permanent Global Note or for definitive Notes is improperly 
withheld or refused. 
Payments of principal, interest (if any) or any other amounts on a Permanent Global Note will be made through 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (against presentation or surrender (as the case may be) of the 
Permanent Global Note if the Permanent Global Note is not intended to be issued in NGN form) without any 
requirement for certification. 
The applicable Final Terms will specify that a Permanent Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge), 
in whole but not in part, for definitive Notes with, where applicable, interest coupons and talons attached upon 
the occurrence of an Exchange Event.  For these purposes, Exchange Event means that (i) an Event of Default 
(as defined in Condition 8 (Events of Default)) has occurred and is continuing, (ii) the Issuer has been notified 
that both Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg have been closed for business for a continuous period of 14

--- Page 52 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
52 
 
 
days (other than by reason of holiday, statutory or otherwise) or have announced an intention permanently to 
cease business or have in fact done so and no successor clearing system is available, or (iii) the Notes are 
required to be removed from both Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and no alternative clearing system 
is available.  The Issuer will promptly give notice to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices) 
if an Exchange Event occurs.  In the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event, Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg (acting on the instructions of any holder of an interest in such Permanent Global 
Note) may give notice to the Agent requesting exchange.  Any such exchange shall occur not later than 45 
days after the date of receipt of the first relevant notice by the Agent. 
The following legend will appear on all Notes (other than the Temporary Global Notes) and on all interest 
coupons relating to such Notes where TEFRA D is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
"ANY UNITED STATES PERSON WHO HOLDS THIS OBLIGATION WILL BE SUBJECT TO 
LIMITATIONS UNDER THE UNITED STATES INCOME TAX LAWS, INCLUDING THE 
LIMITATIONS PROVIDED IN SECTIONS 165(j) AND 1287(a) OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE CODE." 
The sections referred to provide that United States holders, with certain exceptions, will not be entitled to 
deduct any loss on Notes or interest coupons and will not be entitled to capital gains treatment in respect of 
any gain on any sale, disposition, redemption or payment of principal in respect of such Notes or interest 
coupons. 
Notes which are represented by a Global Note will only be transferable in accordance with the rules and 
procedures for the time being of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be. 
Pursuant to the Agency Agreement (as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes), the Agent shall 
arrange that, where a further Tranche of Notes is issued which is intended to form a single Series with an 
existing Tranche of Notes at a point after the Issue Date of the further Tranche, the Notes of such further 
Tranche shall be assigned a common code and ISIN which are different from the common code and ISIN 
assigned to Notes of any other Tranche of the same Series until such time as the Tranches are consolidated and 
form a single Series, which shall not be prior to the expiry of the distribution compliance period (as defined in 
Regulation S under the Securities Act) applicable to the Notes of such Tranche. 
Except in relation to Notes issued in NGN form, any reference herein to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so permits, be deemed to include a reference to any additional or 
alternative clearing system specified in the applicable Final Terms.  A Note may be accelerated by the holder 
thereof in certain circumstances described in Condition 8 (Events of Default).  In such circumstances, where 
any Note is still represented by a Global Note and the Global Note (or any part thereof) has become due and 
repayable in accordance with the Terms and Conditions of such Notes or the Maturity Date has occurred and, 
in either case, the payment in full of the amount due has not been made in accordance with the provisions of 
the Global Note then from 8.00 p.m. (London time) on such day, each account holder which has Notes 
represented by such Global Note credited to its securities accounts with Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as the case may be, will become entitled to proceed directly against the Issuer and will acquire 
all those rights that it would have had if at the relevant time it held, executed and authenticated definitive Notes 
in respect of the relevant Notes (including the right to claim and receive all payments due at any time in respect 
of the relevant Notes) subject to and in accordance with, in the case of English Law Notes, the terms of a deed 
of covenant (the Deed of Covenant) dated 27 April 2021 and executed by the Issuer, and, in the case of the 
Spanish Law Notes, under the provisions of Condition 1 (Form, Denomination and Title) and the relevant 
Global Note and, from that time, the holder of the Global Note will have no further rights under such Global 
Note (but without prejudice to the rights which the holder or any other person may have under the Deed of 
Covenant (in the case of English Law Notes) or as a holder of Notes other than the Global Note (in the case of 
the Spanish Law Notes)).

--- Page 53 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
53 
 
 
The Issuer may agree with any Dealer that Notes may be issued in a form not contemplated by the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes, in which event, a supplement to the Base Prospectus or a new Base Prospectus will 
be made available which will describe the effect of the agreement reached in relation to such Notes. 
Initial Issue of Notes 
If the Global Notes are stated in the applicable Final Terms to be issued in NGN form, on or prior to the 
original issue date of the Tranche the Global Notes or Global Certificates will be delivered to a Common 
Safekeeper and Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will be informed whether or not the Notes are 
intended to be held as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day credit operations by the 
Eurosystem (Eurosystem eligible collateral).  
Depositing the Global Notes intended to be held as Eurosystem eligible collateral with a Common Safekeeper 
does not necessarily mean that the Notes will be recognised as Eurosystem eligible collateral either upon issue, 
or at any or all times during their life.  Such recognition will depend upon the European Central Bank being 
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.  In the case of Notes issued in NGN form which 
are not intended to be held as Eurosystem eligible collateral as of their issue date, should the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria be amended in the future so that such Notes are capable of meeting the eligibility criteria, 
such Notes may then be deposited with Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as Common Safekeeper.

--- Page 54 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
54 
 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS  
NOTES WITH A DENOMINATION OF EUR 100,000 (OR ITS EQUIVALENT IN ANY OTHER 
CURRENCY) OR MORE 
MiFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturerꞌs product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and 
professional clients only, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended (MiFID II); and (ii) all 
channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. 
[Consider any negative market] Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
distributor) should take into consideration the manufacturersꞌ target market assessment; however, a distributor 
subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by 
either adopting or refining the manufacturer[ꞌs/sꞌ] target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels.  
UK MIFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined 
in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (COBS), and professional clients, as defined in 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of the domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (UK MiFIR); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to 
eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. Any 
person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into 
consideration the manufacturers’ target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA 
Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product Governance 
Rules) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either 
adopting or refining the manufacturers’ target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels. 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the European Economic Area (EEA).  For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is 
one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (ii) a customer within 
the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, as amended (the Insurance Distribution Directive), where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation.  Consequently, no key information document 
required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014, as amended (the PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the 
Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be 
unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation] 14 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom (UK). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part 
of the domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA); 
(ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the 
FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, 
as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of the domestic law of 
                                                     
14  
Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms (i) if the Notes potentially constitute "packaged" products and no key information 
document will be prepared or the Issuer wishes to prohibit offers to EEA retail investors for any other reason, in which case the selling 
restriction should be specified to be "Applicable"

--- Page 55 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
55 
 
 
the United Kingdom by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of the domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the 
EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms 
part of the domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared 
and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK 
may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.]15  
Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore, as 
modified or amended from time to time (the SFA) – Solely for the purposes of its obligations pursuant to 
sections 309B(1)(a) and 309B(1)(c) of the SFA, the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant 
persons (as defined in Section 309A of the SFA) that the Notes are ["prescribed capital markets 
products"]/[capital markets products other than "prescribed capital markets products"] (as defined in the 
Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore) and [Excluded] / [Specified] 
Investment Products (as defined in the Monetary Authority of Singapore (the MAS) Notice SFA 04-N12: 
Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on 
Investment Products). 
[Date] 
CaixaBank, S.A. 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the EURO 30,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the Conditions) 
set forth under the section entitled [“Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes”]/[“Terms and Conditions 
of the Spanish Law Notes”] in the Base Prospectus dated 27 April 2021 [and the supplement[s] to it dated 
[date] [and [date]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus 
Regulation (the Base Prospectus).  This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein 
for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus in 
order to obtain all the relevant information.  The Base Prospectus has been published on the website of 
Euronext Dublin at www.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin.  In addition, if the Notes are to be admitted to 
trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin, copies of the Final Terms will be published on the website 
of Euronext Dublin at www.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin. 
[The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was issued 
under a Base Prospectus with an earlier date.] 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the Conditions) 
set forth in the Base Prospectus dated [] [under the section entitled [“Terms and Conditions of the English 
Law Notes”]/[ “Terms and Conditions of the Spanish Law Notes”] [and the supplement[s] to it dated [date] 
[and [date]]] which [is/are] incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus dated 27 April 2021.  This 
document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus 
Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated 27 April 2021 [and the 
supplement[s] to it dated [date] [and [date]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes 
of the Prospectus Regulation (the Base Prospectus), including the Conditions incorporated by reference in the 
                                                     
15   
Legend to be included on the front of the Final Terms if the Notes potentially constitute “packaged” products and no key information 
document will be prepared in the UK or the issuer wishes to prohibit offers to UK retail investors for any other reason, in which case the 
selling restriction should be specified to be “Applicable”.

--- Page 56 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
56 
 
 
Base Prospectus in order to obtain all relevant information.16  The Base Prospectus has been published on the 
website of Euronext Dublin at www.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin.] 
The expression Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable".  Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs or subparagraphs (in 
which case the sub-paragraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be deleted).  Italics denote 
directions for completing the Final Terms.] 
 
1. 
Issuer: 
CaixaBank, S.A. 
2. 
(a) 
Series Number: 
[          ] 
(b) 
Tranche Number: 
[          ] 
(c) 
Date on which the Notes will be 
consolidated and form a single 
Series: 
The Notes will be consolidated and form a single 
Series with [identify earlier Tranches] on [the Issue 
Date/exchange of the Temporary Global Note for 
interests in the Permanent Global Note, as referred to 
in paragraph 25 below, which is expected to occur on 
or about [date]][Not Applicable] 
3. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[          ] 
4. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
 
(a) 
Series: 
[          ] 
(b) 
Tranche: 
[          ] 
5. 
Issue Price: 
[   ] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
[plus accrued interest from [insert date] (if 
applicable) 
6. 
(a) 
Specified Denominations: 
[          ] 
 
(N.B. Notes must have a minimum denomination of 
€100,000 (or equivalent) and be in integral multiples 
of the specified minimum denomination) 
(b) 
Calculation Amount: 
[      ] 
7. 
(a) 
Trade Date: 
[          ]  
(b) 
Issue Date 
[          ] 
(c) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
                                                     
16  
When preparing Final Terms prepared in relation to an issuance of Notes to be listed on a non-regulated market, Prospectus Regulation 
references are to be removed.

--- Page 57 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
57 
 
 
8. 
Maturity Date: 
[Specify date/or for Floating Rate Notes - Interest 
Payment Date falling in or nearest to [specify month 
and year]] 
9. 
Interest Basis: 
[[   ] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
[Fixed Reset Notes] 
[[[    ] 
month 
[LIBOR/EURIBOR/SONIA/SOFR/CMS Rate]] +/- 
[  ] per cent. Floating Rate] 
(see paragraph [15]/[16]/[17] below) 
10. 
Redemption Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the 
Maturity Date at [   ] per cent. of their nominal 
amount 
11. 
Change of Interest Basis: 
[Specify the date when any fixed to floating rate 
change occurs or cross refer to paragraphs 15 and 
17 below and identify there][Not Applicable] 
12. 
Put/Call Options: 
Investor Put pursuant to Condition 5.6 of the Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes is [Applicable/Not 
Applicable][see paragraph 21 below]  
Issuer Call pursuant to Condition 5.3 of the Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes is [Applicable/Not 
Applicable][see paragraph 18 below] 
Issuer Call – Capital Event (Tier 2 Subordinated 
Notes) pursuant to [Condition 5.4 of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes] is [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
Issuer Call – Eligible Liabilities Event (Subordinated 
Notes/Senior Non-Preferred/Ordinary Senior Notes) 
pursuant to [Condition 5.5 of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes] is [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
13. 
(a) 
Status of the Notes: 
[Senior Notes – Ordinary Senior Notes/Senior Notes 
– Senior Non-Preferred Notes][Subordinated Notes - 
Senior Subordinated Notes/Subordinated Notes - 
Tier 2 Subordinated Notes] 
(b) 
Date 
[Board] 
approval 
for 
issuance of Notes obtained: 
[             ] [and [             ], respectively]] [Not 
Applicable] 
(N.B. Only relevant where Board (or similar) 
authorisation is required for the particular tranche 
of Notes)

--- Page 58 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
58 
 
 
14. 
Gross-up in respect of principal and any 
premium (pursuant to Condition 6.1 of the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes): 
[Yes/No/Not Applicable] 
(N.B. Only relevant for Ordinary Senior Notes) 
(Include “Not Applicable” if issue is of Senior Non-
Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes) 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
15. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Applicable from (and including) [] to 
(and excluding) []/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[   ] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date 
(b) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[          ] in each year up to and including the Maturity 
Date 
(Amend appropriately in the case of irregular 
coupons) 
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s): 
(Applicable to Notes in definitive 
form.) 
[          ] per Calculation Amount 
(d) 
Broken Amount(s): 
(Applicable to Notes in definitive 
form.) 
[[   ] per Calculation Amount, payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [   ]][Not Applicable] 
(Insert particulars of any initial or final broken 
interest amounts which do not correspond with the 
Fixed Coupon Amount) 
(e) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360 
or 
30/360 
(ISDA)] 
[Actual/Actual 
(ICMA)][Actual/Actual 
(ISDA)] 
[Actual/365 
(Fixed)] [Not Applicable] 
(f) 
Determination Date(s): 
[[          ] in each year][Not Applicable] 
(Only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA). In such a case, insert regular 
interest payment dates, ignoring issue date or 
maturity date in the case of a long or short first or 
last coupon) 
(N.B. This will need to be amended in the case of 
regular Interest Payment Dates which are not of 
equal duration) 
16. 
Fixed Reset Provisions: 
[Applicable/ Applicable from (and including) [] to 
(and excluding) []/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs 
of this paragraph)

--- Page 59 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
59 
 
 
(a) 
Initial Interest Rate: 
[     ] 
per 
cent. 
per 
annum 
[payable 
[annually/semi-annually/quarterly] in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date] 
(b) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[[     ] in each year up to and including the Maturity 
Date] 
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount to (but 
excluding) the First Reset Date: 
[[     ] per Calculation Amount/Not Applicable] 
(d) 
Broken Amount(s):  
[[     ] per Calculation Amount payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [   ]][Not Applicable] 
(e) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360 or Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
(f) 
Determination Date(s): 
[[        ] in each year][Not Applicable] 
(g) 
First Reset Date: 
[       ] 
(h) 
Second Reset Date: 
[       ]/[Not Applicable] 
(i) 
Subsequent Reset Date(s): 
[       ] [and [      ]] 
(j) 
Reset Reference Rate: 
[Mid-Swap Rate/Sterling Reference Bond Rate/Non-
Sterling Reference Bond Rate/U.S. Treasury Rate] 
(k) 
Initial Reference Rate: 
[       ]/[Not Applicable] 
(l) 
Reset Determination Time: 
[       ] 
(m) 
Mid-Swap Rate: 
[       ]/[Not Applicable] 
(n) 
Reset Margin: 
[+/-][       ] per cent. per annum 
(o) 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[       ] 
(p) 
Initial Mid-Swap Rate 
[       ] per cent. per annum (quoted on a[n annual/semi-
annual basis]) 
(q) 
Floating Leg Reference Rate: 
[       ] 
(r) 
Floating Leg Screen Page: 
[       ] 
(s) 
Party responsible for calculating 
the Rate of Interest and Interest 
Amount (if not the Agent): 
[          ]/[Not Applicable] 
(t) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[          ] per cent. per annum 
(u) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[          ] per cent. per annum 
17. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/ Applicable from (and including) [] to 
(and excluding) []/Not Applicable]

--- Page 60 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
60 
 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Specified 
Period(s)/Specified 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[          ] [, subject to adjustment in accordance with 
the Business Day Convention set out in (b) below /, 
not subject to adjustment, as the Business Day 
Convention in (b) below is specified to be Not 
Applicable] 
(b) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business  
Day Convention/Modified Following Business Day 
Convention/ 
Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention][Not Applicable] 
(c) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[          ] 
(d) 
Manner in which the Rate of 
Interest and Interest Amount is to 
be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination] 
(e) 
Party responsible for calculating 
the Rate of Interest and Interest 
Amount (if not the Agent): 
[          ] [Not Applicable] 
(f) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
(i) 
Reference Rate: 
[ 
 
 
] 
month 
[[currency] 
LIBOR/EURIBOR/SONIA/SOFR/CMS Reference 
Rate] 
(ii) 
Relevant 
Financial 
Centre: 
[London/Brussels/specify other Relevant Financial 
Centre] (only relevant for CMS Rate) 
(iii) 
Reference Currency: 
[   ] (only relevant for CMS Rate) 
(iv) 
Designated Maturity: 
[   ] (only relevant for CMS Rate) 
(v) 
Relevant Time: 
[11:00 a.m.] in the Relevant Financial Centre (only 
relevant for CMS Rate) 
(vi) 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[          ] 
(Second London business day prior to the start of 
each Interest Period if LIBOR (other than Sterling or 
euro LIBOR), first day of each Interest Period if 
Sterling LIBOR and the second day on which the 
TARGET2 System is open prior to the start of each 
Interest Period if EURIBOR or euro LIBOR or CMS 
Rate where the reference currency is euro)

--- Page 61 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
61 
 
 
(In the case of a CMS Rate where the Reference 
Currency is other than euro): 
[Second [specify type of day] prior to the start of each 
Interest Period] 
(In the case of Notes where the Reference Rate is 
SONIA): 
[[ ] London Banking Days prior to each Interest 
Payment Date])]  
(In the case of Notes where the Reference Rate is 
SOFR): 
[[ ] U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior 
to each Interest Payment Date] 
(vii) 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[          ] 
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters 
EURIBOR01 ensure it is a page which shows a 
composite rate or amend the fallback provisions 
appropriately)  
(In the case of a CMS Linked Interest Note, specify 
relevant screen page and any applicable headings or 
captions) 
(viii) 
[Calculation Method: 
Include where the Reference Rate is SONIA: [SONIA 
Compounded Daily]/[SONIA Index Compounded 
Daily]/[SONIA Weighted Average]] 
[Include where the Reference Rate is SOFR: [SOFR 
Arithmetic 
Mean]/[SOFR 
Compound: 
[SOFR 
Compound with Lookback]/[SOFR Compound with 
Observation Period Shift]/ ]/[SOFR Compound with 
Payment Delay]/[SOFR Index with Observation 
Shift]]] 
(ix) 
Observation Method: 
[Include where the Calculation Method is SONIA 
Compounded Daily: [Lag]/[Lock-out]/[Shift]] 
(x) 
p: 
[[specify] 
[London 
Banking 
Days]/[U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days]/[As per the 
Conditions]/[Not applicable]] 
(Include where the Reference Rate is SONIA or 
SOFR (where the Calculation Method is SOFR 
Compound: SOFR Compound with Lookback))

--- Page 62 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
62 
 
 
(xi) 
[Observation Shift Days: 
[[specify] U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days]/[As per the Conditions]/[Not Applicable]] 
(Include where the Reference Rate is SOFR and the 
Calculation Method is SOFR Compound: SOFR with 
Observation Period Shift or SOFR Index with 
Observation Shift) 
(xii) 
Interest Payment Delay: 
[Not Applicable / [ ] U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day(s)]] 
(Include where the Reference Rate is SOFR) 
(xiii) 
Interest Period End Dates: [specify] [The Interest Payment Date for such 
Interest Period] [Not Applicable] 
(Include where the Reference Rate is SONIA and the 
Observation Method is “Shift” or SOFR and the 
Calculation Method is Compound with Payment 
Delay) 
(xiv) 
[SOFR Cut-Off Date: 
[As per Conditions]/[[specify] U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days]/[ Not Applicable]] 
(Include where the Reference Rate is SOFR. Must 
apply where the Calculation Method is SOFR 
Arithmetic Mean) 
(xv) 
[SOFR 
Replacement 
Alternatives Priority: 
[As per Conditions]/[specify order of priority of 
SOFR Replacement Alternatives listed in Condition 
3.3(b)(iv)(D).]] 
(xvi) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
(xvii) Floating Rate Option: 
[          ] 
(xviii) Designated Maturity: 
[          ] 
(xix) 
Reset Date: 
[          ] 
(In the case of a LIBOR or EURIBOR based option, 
the first day of the Interest Period.  In the case of a 
CMS Linked Interest Note, if based on euro then the 
first day of each Interest Period and if otherwise to 
be checked) 
(xx) 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable - the Rate of interest for 
the [long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be 
calculated using Linear Interpolation (specify for 
each short or long interest period)] 
(xxi) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-] [   ] per cent. per annum

--- Page 63 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
63 
 
 
(xxii) Minimum 
Rate 
of 
Interest: 
[          ] per cent. per annum 
(xxiii) Maximum 
Rate 
of 
Interest: 
[          ] per cent. per annum 
(xxiv) Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)][Actual/Actual] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360][360/360][Bond Basis] 
[30E/360][Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
18. 
Issuer Call (pursuant to Condition 5.3 of 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[          ] 
(b) 
Optional Redemption Period: 
[          ] / [Not Applicable] 
(c) 
Optional Redemption Amount:  
[          ] per Calculation Amount 
(d) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
(i) 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[          ] 
(ii) 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[          ] 
19. 
Capital Event (Tier 2 Subordinated Notes 
pursuant to Condition 5.4 of Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
20. 
Eligible Liabilities Event (Subordinated 
Notes, Senior Non-Preferred or Ordinary 
Senior Notes pursuant to Condition 5.5 of 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
21. 
Investor Put: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[          ]

--- Page 64 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
64 
 
 
(b) 
Optional Redemption Amount: 
[          ] per Calculation Amount 
(NB: The Optional Redemption Amount cannot be 
other than a specified amount per Calculation 
Amount) 
(c) 
Notice periods: 
Minimum period: [        ] days 
Maximum period: [        ] days 
 
(N.B. Only required to be completed where notice 
periods are different to the notice periods set out in 
Condition 5.6. When setting notice periods, the 
Issuer is advised to consider the practicalities of 
distribution of information through intermediaries, 
for example, clearing systems (which require a 
minimum of 15 clearing system business days' notice 
for a put) and custodians, as well as any other notice 
requirements which may apply, for example, as 
between the Issuer and the Agent) 
22. 
Final Redemption Amount: 
[        ] per Calculation Amount 
23. 
Early Redemption Amount payable on 
redemption for taxation reasons, on an 
event of default [or upon the occurrence of 
a Capital Event] [or upon the occurrence 
of an Eligible Liabilities Event]: 
[        ] per Calculation Amount 
 
24. 
Ordinary Senior Notes optionality: 
(Note that this paragraph provides additional 
optionality to apply Additional Events of Default to 
Ordinary Senior Notes) 
(N.B. Only relevant for Ordinary Senior Notes.  
Include “Not Applicable” if issue is of Senior Non-
Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes and delete 
sub-paragraph (a)) 
(a) 
Additional Events of Default 
(Condition 8 of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes): 
[Condition 8.2(a) [Not] Applicable]   
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
25. 
Form of Notes: 
 
(a) 
Form:  
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent Global Note which is exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes [upon an Exchange Event 
[including/excluding] the exchange event described 
in paragraph (ii) of the definition in the Permanent 
Global Note]] 
 
[Temporary 
Global 
Note 
exchangeable 
for 
Definitive Notes on and after the Exchange Date]

--- Page 65 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
65 
 
 
 
[Permanent 
Global 
Note 
exchangeable 
for 
Definitive Notes [upon an Exchange Event 
[including/excluding] the exchange event described 
in paragraph (ii) of the definition in the Permanent 
Global Note]] 
[Notes shall not be physically delivered in Belgium, 
except to a clearing system, a depository or other 
institution for the purpose of their immobilisation in 
accordance with Article 4 of the Belgian law of 14th 
December, 200517]  
(b) 
New Global Note: 
[Yes][No]  
26. 
Additional Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
(Note that this paragraph relates to the date of 
payment and not the end dates of Interest Periods 
for the purposes of calculating the amount of interest 
to which sub-paragraph 17(c) relates) 
27. 
Talons for future Coupons to be attached to 
Definitive Notes: 
[Yes, as the Notes have more than 27 coupon 
payments, Talons may be required if, on exchange 
into definitive form, more than 27 coupon payments 
are still to be made/No] 
28. 
[EU Benchmarks Regulation: Article 29(2) 
statement on benchmarks:] 
[Amounts payable under the Notes are calculated by 
reference to [insert name of Benchmark], which is 
provided by [insert name of the administrator]. 
As at the date of the Base Prospectus, [insert name 
of the administrator] is [not] included in the register 
of administrators and benchmarks established and 
maintained by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority pursuant to article 36 of the EU 
Benchmarks 
Regulation 
(Regulation 
(EU) 
2016/1011).] 
(Only relevant for CMS Linked Interest Notes) 
                                                     
17  
Include for Notes that are to be offered in Belgium.

--- Page 66 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
66 
 
 
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
[[Relevant third party information] has been extracted from [specify source].  The Issuer confirms that such 
information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from 
information published by [specify source], no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced 
information inaccurate or misleading. 
 
Signed on behalf of CaixaBank, S.A.: 
By:
 ...........................................................................  
Duly authorised

--- Page 67 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
67 
 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO 
TRADING 
 
(a) 
Listing: 
[Application [has been/will be] made by the Issuer 
(or on its behalf) to Euronext Dublin for the Notes to 
be admitted to the [Official List of Euronext Dublin] 
and admitted to trading on the [regulated market of 
Euronext Dublin] with effect from [    ].] 
(b) 
Admission to trading: 
[Application [has been/will be] made by the Issuer 
(or on its behalf) to the Official List of Euronext 
Dublin for the Notes to be admitted to trading on [the 
regulated market of Euronext Dublin] with effect 
from [    ].] 
[Not Applicable] 
(When documenting a fungible issue need to indicate 
that original Notes are already admitted to trading.) 
(c) 
Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission to trading: 
[       ] 
2. 
RATINGS 
 
Ratings: 
[The Notes to be issued [[have been]/[are expected 
to be]] rated]/[The following ratings reflect ratings 
assigned to Notes of this type issued under the 
Programme generally]: 
[insert details]] by [insert the legal name of the 
relevant credit rating agency entity(ies) and 
associated defined terms].  
[[Insert the legal name of the relevant CRA entity] is 
established in the European Union and is registered 
under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended). 
[As such [insert the legal name of the relevant CRA 
entity] is included in the list of credit rating agencies 
published by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority on its website in accordance with such 
Regulation.]] 
[[Insert the legal name of the relevant non-EU CRA 
entity] is not established in the European Union and 
is not registered in accordance with Regulation (EC) 
No. 1060/2009 (as amended). [Insert the legal name 
of the relevant non-EU CRA entity] is therefore not 
included in the list of credit rating agencies 
published by the European Securities and Markets

--- Page 68 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
68 
 
 
Authority on its website in accordance with such 
Regulation].] 
[[Insert the legal name of the relevant non-EU CRA 
entity] is not established in the European Union and 
has not applied for registration under Regulation 
(EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) (the CRA 
Regulation).  The ratings have been endorsed by 
[insert the legal name of the relevant EU-registered 
CRA entity] in accordance with the CRA 
Regulation. [Insert the legal name of the relevant EU 
CRA entity] is established in the European Union and 
registered under the CRA Regulation].  As such 
[insert the legal name of the relevant EU CRA entity] 
is included in the list of credit rating agencies 
published by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority on its website in accordance with the CRA 
Regulation].] The European Securities Markets 
Authority has indicated that ratings issued in 
[Japan/Australia/the 
USA/Canada/Hong 
Kong/Singapore/Argentina/Mexico/the UK (delete 
as appropriate)] which have been endorsed by 
[insert the legal name of the relevant EU CRA entity 
that applied for registration] may be used in the EU 
by the relevant market participants.] 
[[Insert the legal name of the relevant non-EU CRA 
entity] is not established in the European Union and 
has not applied for registration under Regulation 
(EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) (the CRA 
Regulation), but it [is]/[has applied to be] certified 
in accordance with the CRA Regulation[[[EITHER:] 
and it is included in the list of credit rating agencies 
published by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority on its website in accordance with the CRA 
Regulation] [[OR:] although notification of the 
corresponding certification decision has not yet been 
provided by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority and [insert the legal name of the relevant 
non-EU CRA entity] is not included in the list of 
credit rating agencies published by the European 
Securities and Markets Authority on its website in 
accordance with the CRA Regulation].] 
[[Insert the legal name of the relevant CRA entity] is 
established in the European Union and has applied 
for registration under Regulation (EC) No. 
1060/2009 (as amended), although notification of 
the corresponding registration decision has not yet 
been provided by the European Securities and 
Markets Authority [ and [insert the legal name of the 
relevant CRA entity] is not included in the list of 
credit rating agencies published by the European

--- Page 69 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
69 
 
 
Securities and Markets Authority on its website in 
accordance with such Regulation].] 
[[Insert the legal name of the relevant non-EU CRA 
entity] is not established in the European Union and 
has not applied for registration under Regulation 
(EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) (the CRA 
Regulation).  However, the application for 
registration under the CRA Regulation of [insert the 
legal name of the relevant EU CRA entity that 
applied for registration], which is established in the 
European Union, disclosed the intention to endorse 
credit ratings of [insert the legal name of the relevant 
non-EU CRA entity][, although notification of the 
corresponding registration decision has not yet been 
provided by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority and [insert the legal name of the relevant 
EU CRA entity] is not included in the list of credit 
rating agencies published by the European Securities 
and Markets Authority on its website in accordance 
with the CRA Regulation].] The European Securities 
Markets Authority has indicated that ratings issued 
in 
[Japan/Australia/the 
USA/Canada/Hong 
Kong/Singapore/Argentina/Mexico/the UK (delete 
as appropriate)] which have been endorsed by 
[insert the legal name of the relevant EU CRA entity 
that applied for registration] may be used in the EU 
by the relevant market participants.] 
 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning 
of the ratings if this has previously been published 
by the rating provider.] 
 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating 
allocated to Notes of the type being issued under the 
Programme generally or, where the issue has been 
specifically rated, that rating.) 
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
[Save for fees [] [insert relevant fee disclosure] payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as the 
Issuer is aware, no person involved in the issue of the Notes has an interest material to the offer.  The 
[Managers/Dealers] and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment 
banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer 
and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business - Amend as appropriate if there are other interests]  
(N.B. When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters 
described constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to 
the Base Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.)

--- Page 70 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
70 
 
 
4. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND 
ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS 
 
(a) 
Reasons for the offer: 
[General financing requirements of the CaixaBank 
Group / Other – if reasons for the offer are different 
from general financial requirements and there is a 
particular identified use of proceeds, this will need 
to be stated here] [The Notes are intended to be 
issued as [Green Notes / Social Notes / Sustainable 
Notes] and the net proceeds of the issuance of the 
Notes will be used as described in "Use of Proceeds" 
in the Base Prospectus] 
(b) 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[         ] 
5. 
YIELD (Fixed Rate Notes and Fixed Reset 
Notes only) 
 
Indication of yield: 
[     ] [Not Applicable] 
 
The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis 
of the Issue Price.  It is not an indication of future 
yield. 
6. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
(a) 
ISIN: 
[     ] 
(b) 
Common Code: 
[     ] 
(c) 
Any clearing system(s) other than Euroclear 
and Clearstream Luxembourg and the 
relevant identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s)] 
(d) 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
(e) 
Names and addresses of additional Paying 
Agent(s) (if any): 
[     ] 
(f) 
Intended to be held in a manner which 
would allow Eurosystem eligibility:  
[Yes.  Note that the designation "yes" simply means 
that the Notes are intended upon issue to be 
deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper and does not necessarily mean that the 
Notes will be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at 
any or all times during their life.  Such recognition 
will depend upon the ECB being satisfied that 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.]/ 
 
[No.  Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at 
the date of these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria be amended in the future such that

--- Page 71 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
71 
 
 
the Notes are capable of meeting them the Notes 
may then be deposited with one of the ICSDs as 
common safekeeper.  Note that this does not 
necessarily mean that the Notes will then be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra day credit operations by 
the Eurosystem at any time during their life.  Such 
recognition will depend upon the ECB being 
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have 
been met.] 
7. 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
(a) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
(b) 
If syndicated, names of Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
(c) 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(d) 
If non-syndicated, name of relevant Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(e) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
Reg. S Compliance Category 2; [TEFRA D/TEFRA 
C/TEFRA not applicable] 
(f) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" 
products "Not Applicable" should be specified.  If 
the Notes may constitute "packaged" products and 
no KID will be prepared in the EEA, "Applicable" 
should be specified.) 
(g) 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" 
products "Not Applicable" should be specified.  If 
the Notes may constitute "packaged" products and 
no KID will be prepared in the UK, "Applicable" 
should be specified.) 
(h) 
Prohibition of Sales to Belgian Consumers: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(N.B. advice should be taken from Belgian counsel 
before disapplying this selling restriction)

--- Page 72 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
72 
 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE ENGLISH LAW NOTES 
The following are the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes, if so specified in Part A – Contractual 
Terms of the Final Terms, which will be incorporated by reference into each Global Note (as defined below) 
and each definitive Note, in the latter case only if permitted by the relevant stock exchange or other relevant 
authority (if any) and agreed by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer at the time of issue but, if not so permitted 
and agreed, such definitive Note will have endorsed thereon or attached thereto such Terms and Conditions.  
The applicable Final Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) will be endorsed upon, or attached to, each 
Global Note and definitive Note.  Reference should be made to "Applicable Final Terms" for a description of 
the content of Final Terms which will specify which of such terms are to apply in relation to the relevant Notes. 
This Note is one of a Series (as defined below) of Notes issued by CaixaBank, S.A. (the Issuer) pursuant to 
the Agency Agreement (as defined below). 
References herein to the Notes shall be references to the Notes of this Series and shall mean: 
(a) 
in relation to any Notes represented by a global Note (a Global Note), units of each Specified 
Denomination in the Specified Currency; 
(b) 
any Global Note; and 
(c) 
any definitive Notes issued in exchange for a Global Note. 
The Notes and the Coupons (as defined below) have the benefit of an amended and restated Agency Agreement 
(such Agency Agreement as amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the Agency 
Agreement) dated 27 April 2021 and made between the Issuer, BNP Paribas Securities Services, Luxembourg 
Branch as issuing and principal paying agent and agent bank (the Agent or the Principal Paying Agent, which 
expression shall include any successor agent) and the other paying agents named therein (together with the 
Agent, the Paying Agents, which expression shall include any additional or successor paying agents). 
The final terms for this Note (or the relevant provisions thereof) are set out in Part A of the Final Terms 
attached to or endorsed on this Note which complete these Terms and Conditions (the Conditions).  References 
to the applicable Final Terms are, unless otherwise stated, to Part A of the Final Terms (or the relevant 
provisions thereof) attached to or endorsed on this Note.  The expression Prospectus Regulation means 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
Interest bearing definitive Notes, have interest coupons (Coupons) and, in the case of Notes which, when 
issued in definitive form, have more than 27 interest payments remaining, talons for further Coupons (Talons) 
attached on issue.  Any reference herein to Coupons or coupons shall, unless the context otherwise requires, 
be deemed to include a reference to Talons or talons.  Global Notes do not have Coupons or Talons attached 
on issue. 
Any reference to Noteholders or holders in relation to any Notes shall mean the holders of the Notes and 
shall, in relation to any Notes represented by a Global Note, be construed as provided below.  Any reference 
herein to Couponholders shall mean the holders of the Coupons and shall, unless the context otherwise 
requires, include the holders of the Talons. 
As used herein, Tranche means Notes which are identical in all respects (including as to listing and admission 
to trading) and Series means a Tranche of Notes together with any further Tranche or Tranches of Notes which 
(a) are expressed to be consolidated and form a single series and (b) have the same terms and conditions or 
terms and conditions which are the same in all respects save for the amount and date of the first payment of 
interest thereon and the date from which interest starts to accrue.

--- Page 73 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
73 
 
 
The Noteholders and the Couponholders are entitled to the benefit of the Deed of Covenant (such Deed of 
Covenant as modified and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the Deed of Covenant) dated 
27 April 2021 and made by the Issuer.  The original of the Deed of Covenant is held by the common depositary 
for Euroclear (as defined below) and Clearstream, Luxembourg (as defined below). 
Copies of the Agency Agreement and the Deed of Covenant (i) are available for inspection or collection during 
normal business hours at the specified office of each of the Paying Agents or (ii) may be provided by email to 
a Noteholder following their prior written request to any Paying Agents or the Issuer and provision of proof 
of holding and identity (in a form satisfactory to the relevant Paying Agent or the Issuer, as the case may be).  
If the Notes are to be admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin the applicable Final 
Terms will be published on the website of Euronext Dublin (www.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin).  The 
Noteholders and the Couponholders are deemed to have notice of, and are entitled to the benefit of, all the 
provisions of the Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant and the applicable Final Terms which are 
applicable to them.  The statements in the Conditions include summaries of, and are subject to, the detailed 
provisions of the Agency Agreement. 
Words and expressions defined in the Agency Agreement or used in the applicable Final Terms shall have the 
same meanings where used in the Conditions unless the context otherwise requires or unless otherwise stated 
and provided that, in the event of inconsistency between the Agency Agreement and the applicable Final 
Terms, the applicable Final Terms will prevail. 
In the Conditions: 
euro means the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and monetary union 
pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as amended;  
Calculation Agent means the Agent, or such other person specified in the relevant Final Terms as the party 
responsible for calculating the Rate of Interest and the Interest Amount and such other amount(s) as may be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Calculation Amount has the meaning given in the applicable Final Terms; 
Group means the Issuer and its Subsidiaries; and 
Subsidiary means, in relation to an entity, any entity controlled by that first person entity where control is 
determined in accordance with Regulation 43 of Circular 4/2017, of 27 November, of the Bank of Spain as 
amended from time to time (Norma 43 de la Circular 4/2017, de 27 de noviembre, del Banco de España), 
whether any such entity is a financial institution or not. 
For the avoidance of doubt, an Ordinary Senior Note will be deemed to be eligible to comply with MREL 
Requirements even if it is not so eligible provided that its ineligibility arises solely as a result of the 
circumstances described in paragraphs (a)(i) to (iv) of the definition of Eligible Liabilities Event. 
1. 
FORM, DENOMINATION AND TITLE 
The Notes are in bearer form and, in the case of definitive Notes, serially numbered, in the currency 
(the Specified Currency) and the denominations (the Specified Denomination(s)) specified in the 
applicable Final Terms.  Notes of one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for Notes of 
another Specified Denomination. 
This Note may be a Fixed Rate Note, a Fixed Reset Note or a Floating Rate Note (which term includes 
a CMS Linked Interest Note if this Note is specified as such in the Final Terms), or a combination of 
any of the foregoing, depending upon the Interest Basis shown in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 74 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
74 
 
 
This Note may also be a Senior Note or a Subordinated Note and, in the case of a Senior Note, an 
Ordinary Senior Note or a Senior Non-Preferred Note, and in the case of a Subordinated Note, a Senior 
Subordinated Note or a Tier 2 Subordinated Note, all as indicated in the applicable Final Terms. 
Definitive Notes are issued with Coupons attached. 
Subject as set out below, title to the Notes and Coupons will pass by delivery.  The Issuer and the 
Paying Agents will (except as otherwise required by law) deem and treat the bearer of any Note or 
Coupon as the absolute owner thereof (whether or not overdue and notwithstanding any notice of 
ownership or writing thereon or notice of any previous loss or theft thereof) for all purposes and shall 
not be required to obtain any proof thereof or as to the identity of such bearer but, in the case of any 
Global Note, without prejudice to the provisions set out in the next succeeding paragraph. 
For so long as any of the Notes is represented by a Global Note held on behalf of Euroclear Bank 
SA/NV (Euroclear) and/or Clearstream Banking, S.A. (Clearstream, Luxembourg), each person 
(other than Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg) who is for the time being shown in the records of 
Euroclear or of Clearstream, Luxembourg as the holder of a particular nominal amount of such Notes 
(in which regard any certificate or other document issued by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
as to the nominal amount of such Notes standing to the account of any person shall be conclusive and 
binding for all purposes save in the case of manifest error) shall be treated by the Issuer and the Paying 
Agents as the holder of such nominal amount of such Notes for all purposes other than with respect to 
the payment of principal or interest on such nominal amount of such Notes, for which purpose the 
bearer of the relevant Global Note shall be treated by the Issuer and any Paying Agent as the holder 
of such nominal amount of such Notes in accordance with and subject to the terms of the relevant 
Global Note and the expressions Noteholder and holder of Notes and related expressions shall be 
construed accordingly.  
Notes which are represented by a Global Note will be transferable only in accordance with the rules 
and procedures for the time being of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be.  
References to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so permits, be 
deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified in Part B of 
the applicable Final Terms. 
2. 
STATUS OF THE SENIOR NOTES AND SUBORDINATED NOTES 
The applicable Final Terms will indicate whether the Notes are Senior Notes or Subordinated Notes 
and, in the case of Senior Notes, Ordinary Senior Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes, and in the 
case of Subordinated Notes, Senior Subordinated Notes or Tier 2 Subordinated Notes.  
2.1 
Status of the Senior Notes 
The payment obligations of the Issuer in respect of principal under Notes which specify their status as 
Ordinary Senior Notes (Ordinary Senior Notes) or as Senior Non-Preferred Notes (Senior Non-
Preferred Notes, together with the Ordinary Senior Notes, Senior Notes) in the relevant Final Terms 
constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer (créditos 
ordinarios). 
The Senior Non-Preferred Notes constitute non-preferred ordinary claims (créditos ordinarios no 
preferentes) under Additional Provision 14.2º of Law 11/2015.  It is expressly stated for the purposes 
of Additional Provision 14.2º of Law 11/2015 that upon the insolvency of the Issuer, the Senior Non-
Preferred Notes will rank below any other ordinary claims (créditos ordinarios) against the Issuer and 
accordingly, claims in respect of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes shall be paid after payment of any 
such other ordinary (créditos ordinarios) claims of the Issuer. The Senior Non-Preferred Notes are 
intended to comply with the requirements of Article 72b of CRR so that they qualify as eligible liability

--- Page 75 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
75 
 
 
instruments for the purposes of Article 72a of CRR.  Accordingly, as set out in Article 72a of CRR, 
the Senior Non-Preferred Notes shall not be considered as debt instruments with embedded derivatives 
solely because of any Issuer Call or Investor Put for the purposes of Additional Provision 14.2º of Law 
11/2015. 
Therefore, in accordance with the Insolvency Law and Additional Provision 14.2º of Law 11/2015, 
but subject to any other ranking that may apply as a result of any mandatory provision of law (or 
otherwise), upon the insolvency (concurso) of the Issuer, the payment obligations of the Issuer under 
the Senior Notes in respect of principal (and unless they qualify as subordinated claims (créditos 
subordinados) pursuant to Article 281 of the Insolvency Law) will rank: 
(a) 
in the case of Ordinary Senior Notes:  
(i) 
senior to (A) any Senior Non-Preferred Obligations and (B) any claims against the 
Issuer qualifying as subordinated claims (créditos subordinados) under Article 281 of 
the Insolvency Law (or equivalent legal provision which replaces it in the future); and 
(ii) 
pari passu among themselves and with any other Senior Preferred Obligations; and 
(b) 
in the case of Senior Non-Preferred Notes: 
(i) 
senior to any claims against the Issuer qualifying as subordinated claims (créditos 
subordinados) under Article 281 of the Insolvency Law (or equivalent legal provision 
which replaces it in the future); 
(ii) 
pari passu among themselves and with any other Senior Non-Preferred Obligations; 
and 
(iii) 
junior to any Senior Preferred Obligations. 
In the Conditions: 
Insolvency Law means the restated text of the Spanish Insolvency Law approved by Legislative Royal 
Decree 1/2020, of 5 May (Real Decreto Legislativo 1/2020, de 5 de mayo, por el que se aprueba el 
texto refundido de la Ley Concursal), as amended or replaced from time to time. 
Law 11/2015 means Law 11/2015, of 18 June, on the recovery and resolution of credit institutions 
and investment firms (Ley 11/2015, de 18 de junio, de recuperación y resolución de entidades de 
crédito y empresas de servicios de inversión), as amended or replaced from time to time. 
Senior Preferred Obligations means any obligations of the Issuer with respect to any ordinary claims 
(créditos ordinarios) against the Issuer, other than the Senior Non-Preferred Obligations. 
Senior Non-Preferred Obligations means any obligation of the Issuer with respect to any non-
preferred ordinary claims (créditos ordinarios no preferentes) against the Issuer referred to under 
Additional Provision 14.2 of Law 11/2015 and any other obligations which, by law and/or by their 
terms, and to the extent permitted by Spanish law, rank pari passu with the Senior Non-Preferred 
Obligations. 
In the event of insolvency (concurso) of the Issuer, under the currently in force Insolvency Law (as 
defined below), claims relating to Senior Notes (which are not subordinated pursuant to Article 281 
of the Insolvency Law) will be ordinary credits (créditos ordinarios) as defined in the Insolvency Law.  
Ordinary credits rank below credits against the insolvency estate (créditos contra la masa) and credits 
with a privilege (créditos privilegiados) (including, without limitation, any deposits for the purposes

--- Page 76 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
76 
 
 
of Additional Provision 14.1º of Law 11/2015 (as defined below)) which shall be paid in full before 
ordinary credits.  Ordinary credits rank above subordinated credits and the rights of shareholders. 
Pursuant to Article 152 of the Insolvency Law, accrual of interest shall be suspended from the date of 
declaration of the insolvency of the Issuer.  Claims of Senior Noteholders in respect of interest accrued 
but unpaid as of the commencement of any insolvency procedure of the Issuer shall constitute 
subordinated claims against the Issuer ranking in accordance with the provisions of Article 281.1.3º  
of the Insolvency Law (including without limitation, after claims on account of principal in respect of 
contractually subordinated obligations of the Issuer).  
The obligations of the Issuer under the Senior Notes are subject to the Loss Absorbing Power. 
2.2 
Status of the Subordinated Notes 
The payment obligations of the Issuer in respect of principal under Notes which specify their status as 
Subordinated Notes in the relevant Final Terms (Subordinated Notes, which may be, in turn, Senior 
Subordinated Notes (Senior Subordinated Notes) or Tier 2 Subordinated Notes (Tier 2 
Subordinated Notes), as specified in the relevant Final Terms) constitute direct, unconditional and 
subordinated obligations of the Issuer.  In accordance with the Insolvency Law and Additional 
Provision 14.3º of Law 11/2015, but subject to any other ranking that may apply as a result of any 
mandatory provision of law (or otherwise), upon the insolvency (concurso) of the Issuer the payment 
obligations of the Issuer under the Subordinated Notes in respect of principal, will rank: 
(a) 
for so long as the obligations of the Issuer in respect of the relevant Subordinated Notes do 
not constitute Tier 2 Instruments of the Issuer: 
(i) 
senior to (i) any claims for principal in respect of contractually subordinated 
obligations of the Issuer qualifying as Additional Tier 1 Instruments or Tier 2 
Instruments; and (ii) any other subordinated obligations which by law and/or by their 
terms, and to the extent permitted by Spanish law, rank junior to the Issuer's 
obligations under the Senior Subordinated Notes; 
(ii) 
pari passu among themselves and with (i) all other claims for principal in respect of 
contractually subordinated obligations of the Issuer not qualifying as Additional Tier 
1 Instruments or Tier 2 Instruments of the Issuer; and (ii) any other subordinated 
obligations which by law and/or by their terms, and to the extent permitted by Spanish 
law, rank pari passu to the Issuer's obligations under the Senior Subordinated Notes; 
and 
(iii) 
junior to (i) any unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer (including any Senior Non-
Preferred Obligations); and (ii) any other subordinated obligations which by law 
and/or by their terms, and to the extent permitted by Spanish law, rank senior to the 
Issuer's obligations under the Senior Subordinated Notes. 
(b) 
for so long as the obligations of the Issuer in respect of the relevant Subordinated Notes 
constitute Tier 2 Instrument of the Issuer: 
(i) 
senior to (i) any claims for principal in respect of contractually subordinated 
obligations of the Issuer qualifying as Additional Tier 1 Instruments; and (ii) any other 
subordinated obligations which by law and/or by their terms, and to the extent 
permitted by Spanish law, rank junior to the Issuer's obligations under the relevant 
Subordinated Notes;

--- Page 77 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
77 
 
 
(ii) 
pari passu among themselves and with (i) any other claims for principal in respect of 
contractually subordinated obligations of the Issuer qualifying as Tier 2 Instruments, 
and (ii) any other subordinated obligations which by law and/or by their terms, and to 
the extent permitted by Spanish law, rank pari passu with the Issuer's obligations 
under the relevant Subordinated Notes; and 
(iii) 
junior to (i) any unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer (including any Senior Non-
Preferred Obligations); (ii) any claim for principal in respect of other contractually 
subordinated obligations of the Issuer not qualifying as Additional Tier 1 Instruments 
or Tier 2 Instruments (such as the Senior Subordinated Notes, if and as applicable); 
and (iii) any other subordinated obligations which by law and/or by their terms, and 
to the extent permitted by Spanish law, rank senior to the Issuer's obligations under 
the relevant Subordinated Notes. 
Senior Subordinated Notes are expected to rank as provided in paragraph (a) above on the basis that 
such Notes are not intended to qualify as Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer and/or the Group.  Tier 2 
Subordinated Notes are expected to rank as provided in paragraph (b) above on the basis that such 
Notes are intended to qualify as Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer and/or the Group. 
The obligations of the Issuer under the Subordinated Notes are subject to the Loss Absorbing Power. 
In the Conditions: 
Applicable Banking Regulations means at any time the laws, regulations, requirements, guidelines 
and policies relating to capital adequacy, resolution and/or solvency then applicable to the Issuer 
and/or the Group including, without limitation to the generality of the foregoing, CRD 4, the BRRD 
and those regulations, requirements, guidelines and policies relating to capital adequacy, resolution 
and/or solvency then in effect of the Regulator and / or the Relevant Resolution Authority, in each 
case to the extent then in effect in Spain (whether or not such requirements, guidelines or policies have 
the force of law and whether or not they are applied generally or specifically to the Issuer and/or the 
Group). 
Additional Tier 1 Capital means Additional Tier 1 capital (capital de nivel 1 adicional) as provided 
under Applicable Banking Regulations. 
Additional Tier 1 Instrument means any contractually subordinated obligation of the Issuer 
constituting an Additional Tier 1 instrument (instrumento de capital de nivel 1 adicional) in 
accordance with Applicable Banking Regulations and as referred to in Additional Provision 14.3(c) of 
Law 11/2015, as amended or replaced from time to time. 
BRRD means Directive 2014/59/EU of 15 May 2014 establishing the framework for the recovery and 
resolution of credit institutions and investment firms or such other directive as may amend or come 
into effect in place thereof (including the BRRD 2), as implemented into Spanish law by Law 11/2015 
and RD 1012/2015, as amended or replaced from time to time and including any other relevant 
implementing regulatory provisions (in all cases, as amended from time to time). 
CRD 4 means any or any combination of the CRD 4 Directive, the CRR, and any CRD 4 Implementing 
Measures. 
CRD 4 Directive means Directive 2013/36/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 
June 2013 on access to the activity of credit institutions and the prudential supervision of credit 
institutions and investment firms, amending Directive 2002/87/EC and repealing Directives 
2006/48/EC and 2006/49/EC or such other directive as may come into effect in place thereof (in all 
cases, as amended from time to time, including by the CRD 5 Directive).

--- Page 78 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
78 
 
 
CRD 4 Implementing Measures means any regulatory capital rules implementing the CRD 4 
Directive or the CRR which may from time to time be introduced, including, but not limited to, 
delegated or implementing acts (regulatory technical standards) adopted by the European 
Commission, national laws and regulations, and regulations and guidelines issued by the Regulator, 
the European Banking Authority or any other relevant authority, which are applicable to the Issuer (on 
a stand-alone basis) or the Group (on a consolidated basis) including, without limitation, Law 10/2014, 
as amended from time to time, RD 84/2015, as amended from time to time, and any other regulation, 
circular or guidelines implementing CRD 4 (in all cases, as amended from time to time). 
CRR means Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 
2013 on the prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms and amending 
Regulation (EU) No. 648/2012 or such other regulation as may come into effect in place thereof (in 
all cases, as amended from time to time, including by CRR 2). 
Law 10/2014 means Law 10/2014, of 26 June, on the organisation, supervision and solvency of credit 
institutions (Ley 10/2014, de 26 de junio, de ordenación, supervisión y solvencia de entidades de 
crédito), as amended from time to time. 
RD 1012/2015 means Royal Decree 1012/2015, of 6 November, implementing Law 11/2015 (Real 
Decreto 1012/2015, de 6 de noviembre, por el que se desarrolla la Ley 11/2015, de 18 de junio, de 
recuperación y resolución de entidades de crédito y empresas de servicios de inversión, y por el que 
se modifica el Real Decreto 2606/1996, de 20 de diciembre, sobre fondos de garantía de depósitos de 
entidades de crédito), as amended or replaced from time to time. 
RD 84/2015 means Royal Decree 84/2015, of 13 February, implementing Law 10/2014 (Real Decreto 
84/2015, de 13 de febrero, por el que se desarrolla la Ley 10/2014, de 26 de junio, de ordenación, 
supervisión y solvencia de entidades de crédito), as amended or replaced from time to time. 
Regulator means the European Central Bank or such other or successor authority exercising primary 
bank supervisory authority, or any other entity or institution carrying out such duties on its/their behalf 
(including the Bank of Spain), in each case with respect to prudential matters in relation to the Issuer 
and/or the Group. 
Tier 2 Capital means Tier 2 capital (capital de nivel 2) as provided under the Applicable Banking 
Regulations.  
Tier 2 Instrument means any contractually subordinated obligation of the Issuer constituting a Tier 
2 instrument (instrumentos de capital de nivel 2) in accordance with the Applicable Banking 
Regulations and as referred to in Additional Provision 14.3(b) of Law 11/2015, as amended or 
replaced. 
Under Spanish Law, accrual of interest on the Subordinated Notes shall be suspended from the date 
of the declaration of insolvency of the Issuer. Claims of Subordinated Noteholders in respect of interest 
accrued but unpaid as of the commencement of any insolvency procedure of the Issuer shall constitute 
subordinated claims of the Issuer ranking in accordance with the provisions of Article 281 of the 
Insolvency Law.   
3. 
INTEREST 
The applicable Final Terms will indicate whether the Notes are Fixed Rate Notes, Fixed Reset Notes 
or Floating Rate Notes.

--- Page 79 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
79 
 
 
3.1 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
This Condition 3.1 applies to Fixed Rate Notes only or Notes where the Final Terms specify that this 
Condition 3.1 applies for a limited period.  The applicable Final Terms contains provisions applicable 
to the determination of fixed rate interest and must be read in conjunction with this Condition 3.1 for 
full information on the manner in which interest is calculated on Fixed Rate Notes.  In particular, the 
applicable Final Terms will specify the Interest Commencement Date, the Rate(s) of Interest, the 
Interest Payment Date(s), the Maturity Date, the Fixed Coupon Amount, any applicable Broken 
Amount, the Calculation Amount, the Day Count Fraction and any applicable Determination Date.  
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date at the 
rate(s) per annum equal to the Rate(s) of Interest.  Interest will be payable in arrear on the Interest 
Payment Date(s) in each year up to (and including) the Maturity Date. 
If the Notes are in definitive form, except as provided in the applicable Final Terms, the amount of 
interest payable on each Interest Payment Date in respect of the Fixed Interest Period ending on (but 
excluding) such date will amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount.  Payments of interest on any Interest 
Payment Date will, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, amount to the Broken Amount so 
specified. 
As used in the Conditions, Fixed Interest Period means the period from (and including) an Interest 
Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest 
Payment Date. 
Except in the case of Notes in definitive form where an applicable Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken 
Amount is specified in the applicable Final Terms, interest shall be calculated in respect of any period 
by applying the Rate of Interest to: 
(a) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes which are represented by a Global Note, the aggregate 
outstanding nominal amount of the Fixed Rate Notes represented by such Global Note (or, if 
they are Partly Paid Notes, the aggregate amount paid up); or 
(b) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes in definitive form, the Calculation Amount, 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the 
resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit 
being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention.  Where the 
Specified Denomination of a Fixed Rate Note in definitive form is a multiple of the Calculation 
Amount, the amount of interest payable in respect of such Fixed Rate Note shall be the product of the 
amount (determined in the manner provided above) for the Calculation Amount and the amount by 
which the Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination, without any further 
rounding. 
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in accordance with 
this Condition 3.1: 
(a) 
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
in the case of Notes where the number of days in the relevant period from (and 
including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (the Accrual 
Period) is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during which the Accrual 
Period ends, the number of days in such Accrual Period divided by the product of (I) 
the number of days in such Determination Period and (II) the number of

--- Page 80 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
80 
 
 
Determination Dates (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) that would occur in 
one calendar year; or 
(ii) 
in the case of Notes where the Accrual Period is longer than the Determination Period 
during which the Accrual Period ends, the sum of: 
(A) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the Determination Period 
in which the Accrual Period begins divided by the product of (x) the number 
of days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination 
Dates that would occur in one calendar year; and 
(B) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next Determination 
Period divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such Determination 
Period and (y) the number of Determination Dates that would occur in one 
calendar year;  
(b) 
if "Actual/Actual (ISDA)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of 
days in the relevant period from and including the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if 
none, the Interest Commencement Date) to but excluding the relevant payment date divided 
by 365 (or, if any portion of that period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number 
of days in that portion of the period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual 
number of days in that portion of the period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365);  
(c) 
if "30/360" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the period from 
(and including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (such number of days 
being calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day months) divided by 360; 
(d) 
if "30/360 (ISDA)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the 
relevant period from and including the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the 
Interest Commencement Date) to but excluding the relevant payment date divided by 360 (the 
number of days to be calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day months 
(unless (a) the last day of the interest period is the 31st day of a month but the first day of the 
interest period is a day other than the 30th or 31st day of a month, in which case the month 
that includes that last day shall not be considered to be shortened to a 30-day a month, or (b) 
the last day of the interest period is the last day of the month of February, in which case the 
month of February shall not be considered to be lengthened to a 30-day month)); and  
(e) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days 
in the Interest Period divided by 365. 
In the Conditions: 
Determination Period means each period from (and including) a Determination Date to (but 
excluding) the next Determination Date (including, where either the Interest Commencement Date or 
the final Interest Payment Date is not a Determination Date, the period commencing on the first 
Determination Date prior to, and ending on the first Determination Date falling after, such date); and 
sub-unit means, with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that 
is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to euro, one cent.

--- Page 81 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
81 
 
 
3.2 
Interest on Fixed Reset Notes 
(a) 
Rates of Interest and Interest Payment Dates 
Each Fixed Reset Note bears interest: 
(i) 
from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date to (but excluding) the First Reset Date 
at the rate per annum equal to the Initial Interest Rate; 
(ii) 
from (and including) the First Reset Date to (but excluding) the Second Reset Date or, if none, 
the Maturity Date (the First Reset Period) at the rate per annum equal to the First Reset Rate; 
and 
(iii) 
if applicable, from (and including) the Second Reset Date to (but excluding) the first 
Subsequent Reset Date (if any), and each successive period from (and including) any 
Subsequent Reset Date to (but excluding) the next succeeding Subsequent Reset Date (if any) 
(each a Subsequent Reset Period) at the rate per annum equal to the relevant Subsequent 
Reset Rate,  
(in each case rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) 
(each a Rate of Interest) payable, in each case, in arrear on the Interest Payment Date(s) in each year 
up to and including the Maturity Date. 
The provisions of this Condition 3.2 shall apply, as applicable, in respect of any determination by the 
Calculation Agent of the Rate of Interest for a Reset Period in accordance with this Condition 3.2 as 
if the Fixed Reset Notes were Floating Rate Notes.  The Rate of Interest for each Reset Period shall 
otherwise be determined by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Reset Determination Date in 
accordance with the provisions of this Condition 3.2.  Once the Rate of Interest is determined for a 
Reset Period, the provisions of Condition 3.1 (Interest on Fixed Rate Notes) shall apply to Fixed Reset 
Notes, as applicable, as if the Fixed Reset Notes were Fixed Rate Notes. 
In these Conditions: 
First Reset Rate means the sum of the Reset Margin and the Reset Reference Rate for the First Reset 
Period, adjusted as necessary; 
Mid-Swap Rate means, in relation to a Reset Date and the Reset Period commencing on that Reset 
Date, the rate for the Reset Date for swap transactions in the Specified Currency maturing on the last 
day of such Reset Period, expressed as a percentage, which appears on the Relevant Screen Page as of 
approximately 11.00 a.m. in the principal financial centre of the Specified Currency on such Reset 
Determination Date.  If such rate does not appear on the Relevant Screen Page, the Mid-Swap Rate 
for the Reset Date will be the Reset Reference Bank Rate for the Reset Period; 
Non-Sterling Reference Bond Rate means, with respect to any Reset Period and related Reset 
Determination Date, the rate per annum equal to the yield to maturity or interpolated yield to maturity 
(on the relevant day count basis) of the Reset Reference Bond, assuming a price for the Reset 
Reference Bond (expressed as a percentage of its principal amount) equal to the Reset Reference Bond 
Price for such Reset Determination Date; 
Reference Banks means five leading swap dealers in the interbank market for swap transactions in 
the Specified Currency with an equivalent maturity to the Reset Period as selected by the Issuer; 
Reference Government Bond Dealer means each of five banks selected by the Issuer (following, 
where practicable, consultation with an investment bank or financial institution of international repute

--- Page 82 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
82 
 
 
determined to be appropriate by the Issuer, which, for avoidance of doubt, could be the Calculation 
Agent), or the affiliates of such banks, which are (i) primary government securities dealers, and their 
respective successors, or (ii) market makers in pricing corporate bond issues; 
Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations means, with respect to each Reference 
Government Bond Dealer and any Reset Determination Date, the arithmetic average (as determined 
by the Calculation Agent), of the bid and offered prices for the Reset Reference Bond (expressed in 
each case as a percentage of its principal amount) as at the Reset Determination Time on such Reset 
Determination Date and, if relevant, on a dealing basis for settlement that is customarily used at such 
time and quoted in writing to the Calculation Agent by such Reference Government Bond Dealer; 
Relevant Screen Page means the display page on the relevant service as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms or such other page as may replace it on that information service, or on such other 
equivalent information service as determined by the Calculation Agent, for the purpose of displaying 
the relevant swap rates for swap transactions in the Specified Currency with an equivalent maturity to 
the Reset Period; 
Representative Amount means an amount that is representative for a single transaction in the relevant 
market at the relevant time; 
Reset Date means the First Reset Date, the Second Reset Date and each Subsequent Reset Date, as 
applicable; 
Reset Determination Date means the second Business Day immediately preceding the relevant Reset 
Date;  
Reset Period means the First Reset Period or any Subsequent Reset Period, as the case may be; 
Reset Period Mid-Swap Rate Quotations means the arithmetic mean of the bid and offered rates for 
the annual fixed leg (calculated on the day count basis customary for fixed rate payments in the 
Specified Currency), of a fixed-for-floating interest rate swap transaction in the Specified Currency 
with a term equal to the Reset Period commencing on the Reset Date and in a Representative Amount 
with an acknowledged dealer of good credit in the swap market, where the floating leg (in each case 
calculated on the day count basis customary for floating rate payments in the Specified Currency), is 
equivalent to the Rate of Interest that would apply in respect of the Notes if (a) Screen Rate 
Determination was specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest 
is to be determined, (b) the Reference Rate was the Floating Leg Reference Rate and (c) the Relevant 
Screen Page was the Floating Leg Screen Page;  
Reset Reference Bank Rate means, in relation to a Reset Date and the Reset Period commencing on 
that Reset Date, the percentage determined on the basis of the Reset Period Mid-Swap Rate Quotations 
provided by the Reference Banks at approximately 11.00 a.m. in the principal financial centre of the 
Specified Currency on the Reset Determination Date.  The Calculation Agent will request the principal 
office of each of the Reference Banks to provide a quotation of its rate.  If at least three quotations are 
provided, the rate for the Reset Date will be the arithmetic mean of the quotations, eliminating the 
highest quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the highest) and the lowest quotation (or, in the 
event of equality, one of the lowest).  If only two quotations are provided, it will be the arithmetic 
mean of the quotations provided.  If only one quotation is provided, it will be the quotation provided.  
If no quotations are provided, the Mid-Swap Rate will be the last observable Mid-Swap Rate which 
appears on the Relevant Screen Page on or after the most recent Reset Date or, if none, the Issue Date, 
if any, as determined by the Agent.  If no such Mid-Swap Rate is available on the Relevant Screen 
Page, the Mid-Swap Rate will be the Mid-Swap Rate for the immediately preceding Reset Period or, 
if none, the Mid-Swap Rate which last appeared on the Relevant Screen Page;

--- Page 83 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
83 
 
 
Reset Reference Bond means for any Reset Period a government security or securities issued by the 
government of the state responsible for issuing the Specified Currency (which, if the Specified 
Currency is euro, shall be Germany) selected by the Issuer (after consultation with an investment bank 
or financial institution of international repute determined to be appropriate by the Issuer, which, for 
avoidance of doubt, could be the Calculation Agent) as having the nearest actual or interpolated 
maturity comparable with the relevant Reset Period and that (in the opinion of the Issuer) would be 
utilised, at the time of selection and in accordance with customary financial practice, in pricing new 
issuances of corporate debt securities denominated in the Specified Currency and of a comparable 
maturity to the relevant Reset Period; 
Reset Reference Bond Price means, with respect to any Reset Determination Date: 
(a) 
if five or more Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations are received, the arithmetic 
average (as determined by the Calculation Agent) of the Reference Government Bond Dealer 
Quotations for such Reset Determination Date, after excluding the highest and lowest such 
quotations; or 
(b) 
if fewer than five but more than one such Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations are 
received, the arithmetic average (as determined by the Calculation Agent) of all such 
quotations; or 
(c) 
if only one Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotation is received, such quotation; or 
(d) 
if no Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations are received, where U.S. Treasury Rate 
does not apply, in the case of the First Reset Rate, the Initial Reference Rate and, in the case 
of any Subsequent Reset Rate, the Reset Reference Rate as at the last preceding Reset Date; 
or where U.S. Treasury Rate does apply, the U.S. Treasury Rate shall be determined in 
accordance with the second paragraph in the definition of U.S. Treasury Rate; 
Reset Reference Rate means one of the (i) Mid-Swap Rate, (ii) the Sterling Reference Bond Rate, 
(iii) the Non-Sterling Reference Bond Rate or (iv) the U.S. Treasury Rate, as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
Sterling Reference Bond Rate means with respect to any Reset Period and related Reset 
Determination Date, the gross redemption yield in respect of the Reset Reference Bond expressed as 
a percentage and calculated by the Calculation Agent on the basis set out by the United Kingdom Debt 
Management Office in the paper "Formulae for Calculating Gilt Prices from Yields", page 5, Section 
One: Price/Yield Formulae "Conventional Gilts; Double dated and Undated Gilts with Assumed (or 
Actual) Redemption on a Quasi-Coupon Date" (published on 8 June 1998 and updated on 15 January 
2002 and 16 March 2005, and as further amended, updated, supplemented or replaced from time to 
time) or, if such basis is no longer in customary market usage at such time, a gross redemption yield 
calculated in accordance with generally accepted market practice at such time as determined by the 
Issuer following consultation with an investment bank or financial institution of international repute 
determined to be appropriate by the Issuer (which, for the avoidance of doubt, could be the Calculation 
Agent), on an annual or semi-annual (as the case may be) compounding basis (rounded up (if 
necessary) to four decimal places) of the Reset Reference Bond in respect of that Reset Period, 
assuming a price for the Reset Reference Bond (expressed as a percentage of its principal amount) 
equal to the Reset Reference Bond Price for such Reset Determination Date; 
Subsequent Reset Rate means the sum of the applicable Reset Reference Rate and the Reset Margin 
on the relevant Reset Determination Date for any Subsequent Reset Period, adjusted as necessary; and 
U.S. Treasury Rate means, with respect to any Reset Period and related Reset Determination Date, 
the rate per annum calculated by the Calculation Agent equal to: (1) the average of the yields on

--- Page 84 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
84 
 
 
actively traded U.S. Treasury securities adjusted to constant maturity, for a maturity comparable with 
the Reset Period, for the five business days immediately prior to the Reset Determination Date and 
appearing under the caption “Treasury constant maturities” at the Reset Determination Time on the 
Reset Determination Date in the applicable most recently published statistical release designated 
“H.15 Daily Update”, or any successor publication that is published by the Board of Governors of the 
Federal Reserve System that establishes yields on actively traded U.S. Treasury securities adjusted to 
constant maturity, under the caption “Treasury Constant Maturities”, for a maturity comparable with 
the Reset Period; or (2) if such release (or any successor release) is not published during the week 
immediately prior to the Reset Determination Date or does not contain such yields, the rate per annum 
equal to the semi-annual equivalent yield to maturity of the Reset Reference Bond, calculated using a 
price for the Reset Reference Bond (expressed as a percentage of its principal amount) equal to the 
Reset Reference Bond Price for such Reset Determination Date; or (3) if the U.S. Treasury Rate cannot 
be determined, for whatever reason, as described under (1) or (2)above , “U.S. Treasury Rate” means 
the rate in percentage per annum as notified by the Calculation Agent to the Issuer equal to the yield 
on U.S. Treasury securities having a maturity comparable with the Reset Period as set forth in the most 
recently published statistical release designated “H.15 Daily Update” under the caption “Treasury 
constant maturities” (or any successor publication that is published weekly by the Board of Governors 
of the Federal Reserve System and that establishes yields on actively traded U.S. Treasury securities 
adjusted to constant maturity under the caption “Treasury constant maturities” for the maturity 
comparable with the Reset Period) and as at the Reset Determination Time on the last available date 
preceding the Reset Determination Date on which such rate was set forth in such release (or any 
successor release). 
(b) 
Notification of First Reset Rate of Interest, Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest and Interest 
Amount 
The Agent will cause the First Reset Rate of Interest, any Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest and, in 
respect of a Reset Period, the Interest Amount payable on each Interest Payment Date falling in such 
Reset Period to be notified to the Issuer, the other Paying Agents and any stock exchange or other 
relevant authority on which the relevant Reset Notes are for the time being listed or by which they 
have been admitted to listing and notice thereof to be published in accordance with Condition 13 
(Notices) as soon as possible after their determination but in no event later than the fourth London 
Business Day (where a London Business Day means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on 
which banks and foreign exchange markets are open for business in London) thereafter.  
(c) 
Certificates to be final 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and decisions 
given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this Condition 3.2 by the 
Agent shall (in the absence of negligence, wilful default, bad faith or manifest error) be binding on the 
Issuer, the Agent, the other Paying Agents and all Noteholders and Couponholders and (in the absence 
of wilful default or bad faith) no liability to the Issuer, the Noteholders or the Couponholders shall 
attach the Agent in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and 
discretions pursuant to such provisions. 
(d) 
Minimum Rate of Interest and/or Maximum Rate of Interest 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Minimum Rate of Interest for any Reset Period, then, in the 
event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Reset Period determined in accordance with the 
provisions of paragraph (a) above is less than such Minimum Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest for 
such Reset Period shall be such Minimum Rate of Interest. 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Maximum Rate of Interest for any Reset Period, then, in the 
event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Reset Period determined in accordance with the

--- Page 85 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
85 
 
 
provisions of paragraph (a) above is greater than such Maximum Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest 
for such Reset Period shall be such Maximum Rate of Interest. 
3.3 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes 
(a) 
Interest Payment Dates 
This Condition 3.3 applies to Floating Rate Notes only or Notes where the Final Terms specify that 
this Condition 3.3 applies for a limited period.  The applicable Final Terms contains provisions 
applicable to the determination of floating rate interest and must be read in conjunction with this 
Condition 3.3 for full information on the manner in which interest is calculated on Floating Rate Notes.  
In particular, the applicable Final Terms will identify any Specified Interest Payment Dates, any 
Specified Period, the Interest Commencement Date, the Business Day Convention, any Additional 
Business Centres, whether ISDA Determination or Screen Rate Determination applies to the 
calculation of interest, the party who will calculate the amount of interest due if it is not the Agent, the 
Margin, any maximum or minimum interest rates and the Day Count Fraction.  Where ISDA 
Determination applies to the calculation of interest, the applicable Final Terms will also specify the 
applicable Floating Rate Option, Designated Maturity and Reset Date.  Where Screen Rate 
Determination applies to the calculation of interest, the applicable Final Terms will also specify the 
applicable Reference Rate, Interest Determination Date(s) and Relevant Screen Page.  
Each Floating Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date and 
such interest will be payable in arrear on either: 
(i) 
the Specified Interest Payment Date(s) in each year specified in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(ii) 
if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the applicable Final Terms, each 
date (each such date, together with each Specified Interest Payment Date, an Interest 
Payment Date) which falls the number of months or other period specified as the Specified 
Period in the applicable Final Terms after the preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case 
of the first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement Date. 
Such interest will be payable in respect of each Interest Period.  In the Conditions, Interest Period 
means the period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) 
to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment Date. 
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms and (x) if there is no 
numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which an Interest Payment Date should occur 
or (y) if any Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then, 
if the Business Day Convention specified is: 
(A) 
in any case where Specified Periods are specified in accordance with Condition 
3.3(a)(ii) above, the Floating Rate Convention, such Interest Payment Date (A) in the 
case of (x) above, shall be the last day that is a Business Day in the relevant month 
and the provisions of (II) below shall apply mutatis mutandis or (B) in the case of (y) 
above, shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would 
thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event (I) such Interest Payment 
Date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day and (II) 
each subsequent Interest Payment Date shall be the last Business Day in the month 
which falls the Specified Period after the preceding applicable Interest Payment Date 
occurred; or 
(B) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day; or

--- Page 86 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
86 
 
 
(C) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall 
be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into 
the next calendar month, in which event such Interest Payment Date shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business Day; or 
(D) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
In the Conditions, Business Day means a day which is both: 
(i) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open 
for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in 
each Additional Business Centre specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(ii) 
either (A) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the 
principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (which if the 
Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars shall be Sydney and 
Auckland, respectively) or (B) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which the 
Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express Transfer (TARGET2) 
System (the TARGET2 System) is open. 
(b) 
Rate of Interest 
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Notes will be determined in 
the manner specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(i) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in which 
the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will be the 
relevant ISDA Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if 
any).  For the purposes of this subparagraph (i), ISDA Rate for an Interest Period means a 
rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined by the Agent under an interest rate 
swap transaction if the Agent were acting as Calculation Agent for that swap transaction under 
the terms of an agreement incorporating the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as published by the 
International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. and as amended and updated as at the 
Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes (the ISDA Definitions) and under which: 
(A) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(B) 
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(C) 
the relevant Reset Date is the day specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
For the purposes of this subparagraph (i), Floating Rate, Calculation Agent, Floating Rate 
Option, Designated Maturity and Reset Date have the meanings given to those terms in the 
ISDA Definitions. 
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms the Minimum Rate of Interest shall be 
deemed to be zero.

--- Page 87 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
87 
 
 
(ii) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes referencing EURIBOR or LIBOR, other 
than CMS Linked Interest Notes 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the applicable Final Terms specify that the 
Reference Rate is EURIBOR or LIBOR, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, 
subject as provided below, be either: 
(A) 
the offered quotation; or 
(B) 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 
being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate (being either LIBOR or 
EURIBOR, as specified in the applicable Final Terms) which appears or appear, as the case 
may be, on the Relevant Screen Page (or such other replacement page on that service which 
displays the information) as at 11.00 a.m. (London time, in the case of LIBOR, or Brussels 
time, in the case of EURIBOR) on the Interest Determination Date in question plus or minus 
(as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the 
Agent.  If five or more of such offered quotations are available on the Relevant Screen Page, 
the highest (or, if there is more than one such highest quotation, one only of such quotations) 
and the lowest (or, if there is more than one such lowest quotation, one only of such 
quotations) shall be disregarded by the Agent for the purpose of determining the arithmetic 
mean (rounded as provided above) of such offered quotations. 
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if, in the case of subclause 3.3(b)(ii)(A), no 
offered quotation appears or, in the case of subclause 3.3(b)(ii)(B), fewer than three offered 
quotations appear, in each case as at the Specified Time, the Agent shall request each of the 
Reference Banks to provide the Agent with its offered quotation (expressed as a percentage 
rate per annum) for the Reference Rate at approximately the Specified Time on the Interest 
Determination Date in question.  If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the Agent 
with offered quotations, the Rate of Interest for the Interest Period shall be the arithmetic mean 
(rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the 
offered quotations plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the 
Agent. 
If on any Interest Determination Date one only or none of the Reference Banks provides the 
Agent with an offered quotation as provided in the preceding paragraph, the Rate of Interest 
for the relevant Interest Period shall be the rate per annum which the Agent determines as 
being the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 
being rounded upwards) of the rates, as communicated to (and at the request of) the Agent by 
the Reference Banks or any two or more of them, at which such banks were offered, at 
approximately the Specified Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, deposits in the 
Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for the Reference 
Rate by leading banks in the London inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is LIBOR) or 
the Euro-zone inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR) or the inter-bank market 
of the relevant financial centre (if any other Reference Rate is used) plus or minus (as 
appropriate) the Margin (if any) or, if fewer than two of the Reference Banks provide the 
Agent with offered rates, the offered rate for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period 
equal to that which would have been used for the Reference Rate, or the arithmetic mean 
(rounded as provided above) of the offered rates for deposits in the Specified Currency for a 
period equal to that which would have been used for the Reference Rate, at which, at 
approximately the Specified Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, any one or 
more banks (which bank or banks is or are in the opinion of the Issuer suitable for the purpose)

--- Page 88 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
88 
 
 
informs the Agent it is quoting to leading banks in the London inter-bank market (if the 
Reference Rate is LIBOR) or the Euro-zone inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is 
EURIBOR) or the inter-bank market of the relevant financial centre (if any other Reference 
Rate is used) plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any), provided that, if the Rate of 
Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this paragraph, 
the Rate of Interest shall be determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date 
(though substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period 
from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin relating to the 
relevant Interest Period in place of the Margin relating to that last preceding Interest Period).  
In these Conditions: 
Reference Banks means, in the case of a determination of LIBOR, the principal London office 
of four major banks in the London inter-bank market, in the case of a determination of 
EURIBOR, the principal Euro-zone office of four major banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank 
market, in each case selected by the Issuer acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner, and by reference to such sources as it deems appropriate. 
(iii) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes referencing SONIA, other than CMS 
Linked Interest Notes 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the applicable Final Terms specify that the 
Reference Rate is SONIA, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will be calculated in 
accordance with Condition 3.3(b)(iii)(A), Condition 3.3(b)(iii)(B) or Condition 3.3(b)(iii)(C) 
below, subject to the provisions of Condition 3.3(b)(iii)(D) and Condition 3.3(b)(iii)(E) below, 
as applicable. 
(A) 
Where the Calculation Method is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being 
“SONIA Compounded Daily”, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will be the 
Compounded Daily SONIA plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) 
the Margin (if any), all as determined by the Calculation Agent as at the Interest 
Determination Date and the resulting percentage being rounded (if necessary) to the 
fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards. 
The following definitions shall apply for the purpose of the Conditions: 
Compounded Daily SONIA means with respect to an Interest Period, the rate of 
return of a daily compound interest investment in Sterling (with the daily Sterling 
Overnight Index Average (SONIA) as reference rate for the calculation of interest) 
and will be calculated as follows: 
(x) 
if “Lag” or “Lock-out” is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, in accordance with the following formula: 
 
(y) 
if “Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final 
Terms, in accordance with the following formula: 
ቂ∏
ቀ1 +
𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑖𝑖×𝑛𝑛𝑖𝑖
365
ቁ
𝑑𝑑𝑜𝑜
𝑖𝑖=1
−1ቃ×
365
𝑑𝑑where, in each case:

--- Page 89 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
89 
 
 
d is the number of calendar days in (x) if “Lag” or “Lock-out” is specified as the 
Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant Interest Period, or (y) 
if “Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, the 
relevant Observation Period; 
d0 means (x) if “Lag” or “Lock-out” is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, in respect of an Interest Period, the number of London 
Banking Days in the relevant Interest Period, or (y) if “Shift” is specified as the 
Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, in respect of an Observation 
Period, the number of London Banking Days in the relevant Observation Period; 
i is a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the relevant London 
Banking Day in chronological order from, and including, the first London Banking 
Day (x) if “Lag” or “Lock-out” is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, in the relevant Interest Period or (y) if “Shift” is specified as 
the Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, in the relevant Observation 
Period; 
Interest Period End Date shall have the meaning specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
Lock-out Period means, in respect of an Interest Period, the period from and 
including the day following the Interest Determination Date to, but excluding, the 
Interest Period End Date falling at the end of such Interest Period; 
London Banking Day or LBD means any day on which commercial banks are open 
for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in London; 
ni, for any London Banking Dayi, means the number of calendar days from and 
including such London Banking Dayi up to but excluding the following London 
Banking Day; 
Observation Period means the period from and including the date falling "p" London 
Banking Days prior to the first day of the relevant Interest Period (and the first Interest 
Period shall begin on and include the Interest Commencement Date) and ending on, 
but excluding, the date falling "p" London Banking Days prior to the Interest Period 
End Date for such Interest Period (or the date falling "p" London Banking Days prior 
to such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes become due and payable); 
p means, in respect of an Interest Period where “Lag” or “Shift” is specified as the 
Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, five London Banking Days or 
such greater number of days as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
Reference Day means each London Banking Day in the relevant Interest Period that 
is not a London Banking Day falling in the Lock-out Period; 
the SONIA reference rate, means, in respect of any London Banking Day, a 
reference rate equal to the daily Sterling Overnight Index Average (SONIA) rate for 
such London Banking Day as provided by the administrator of SONIA to authorised 
distributors and as then published on the Relevant Screen Page or, if the Relevant 
Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise published by such authorised distributors (in 
each case on the London Banking Day immediately following such London Banking 
Day);

--- Page 90 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
90 
 
 
SONIAi means, in respect of any London Banking Day i: 
(x)  
if “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, 
the SONIA reference rate in respect of pLBD in respect of such London 
Banking Dayi; or 
(y)  
if “Lock-out” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final 
Terms: 
(1) 
in respect of any London Banking Dayi that is a Reference Day, the 
SONIA reference rate in respect of the London Banking Day 
immediately preceding such Reference Day; otherwise 
(2) 
the SONIA reference rate in respect of the London Banking Day 
immediately preceding the Interest Determination Date for the 
relevant Interest Period; 
(z) 
if “Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final 
Terms, the SONIA reference rate for such London Banking Dayi; and 
SONIAi-pLBD means: 
(x) 
if “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, 
in respect of a London Banking Dayi, SONIAi in respect of the London 
Banking Day falling “p” London Banking Days prior to such London 
Banking Dayi (pLBD); or 
(y) 
if “Lock-out” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final 
Terms, in respect of a London Banking Dayi, SONIAi in respect of such 
London Banking Dayi. 
(B) 
Where the Calculation Method is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being 
“SONIA Index Compounded Daily”, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will 
be the Compounded Daily SONIA Index plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable 
Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the Calculation Agent as at the 
Interest Determination Date and the resulting percentage being rounded (if necessary) 
to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards. 
The following definitions shall apply for the purpose of the Conditions: 
Compounded Daily SONIA Index means with respect to an Interest Period, the rate 
of return of a daily compound interest investment in Sterling (with the daily Sterling 
Overnight Index Average (SONIA) as a reference rate for the calculation of interest) 
by reference to the screen rate or index for compounded daily SONIA rates 
administered by the administrator of the SONIA reference rate that is published or 
displayed by such administrator or other information service from time to time on the 
relevant Interest Determination Date, as further specified in the applicable Final 
Terms (the SONIA Compounded Index) and will be calculated as follows: 
 
where, in each case:

--- Page 91 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
91 
 
 
d is the number of calendar days from (and including) the day in relation to which 
SONIA Compounded IndexStart is determined to (but excluding) the day in relation to 
which SONIA Compounded IndexEnd is determined; 
London Banking Day or LBD means any day on which commercial banks are open 
for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in London; 
p means five London Banking Days or such greater number of days as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms; 
Compounded IndexStart means, with respect to an Interest Period, the SONIA 
Compounded Index determined in relation to the day falling “p” London Banking 
Days prior to the first day of such Interest Period; and 
SONIA Compounded IndexEnd means, with respect to an Interest Period, the SONIA 
Compounded Index determined in relation to the day falling “p” London Banking 
Days prior to the Interest Period End Date for such Interest Period (or the date falling 
“p” London Banking Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes 
become due and payable). 
(C) 
Where the Calculation Method is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being 
“SONIA Weighted Average”, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will be the 
Weighted Average SONIA plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) 
the Margin (if any), all as determined by the Calculation Agent as at the Interest 
Determination Date and the resulting percentage being rounded (if necessary) to the 
fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards. 
The following definitions shall apply for the purposes of the Conditions: 
Weighted Average SONIA means: 
(x) 
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final 
Terms, the sum of the SONIA reference rate in respect of each calendar day 
during the relevant Observation Period divided by the number of calendar 
days during such Observation Period. For these purposes, the SONIA 
reference rate in respect of any calendar day which is not a London Banking 
Day shall be deemed to be the SONIA reference rate in respect of the London 
Banking Day immediately preceding such calendar day; or 
(y) 
where “Lock-out” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable 
Final Terms, the sum of the SONIA reference rate in respect of each calendar 
day during the relevant Interest Period divided by the number of calendar 
days in the relevant Interest Period, provided that, for any calendar day of 
such Interest Period falling in the Lock-out Period for the relevant Interest 
Period, the SONIA reference rate for such calendar day will be deemed to be 
the SONIA reference rate in respect of the London Banking Day immediately 
preceding the first day of such Lock-out Period. For these purposes, the 
SONIA reference rate in respect of any calendar day which is not a London 
Banking Day shall, subject to the preceding proviso, be deemed to be the 
SONIA reference rate in respect of the London Banking Day immediately 
preceding such calendar day.

--- Page 92 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
92 
 
 
(D) 
Where the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period is calculated in accordance with 
Condition 3.3(b)(iii)(B) above, if the relevant SONIA Compounded Index is not 
published or displayed by the administrator of the SONIA reference rate or other 
information service by 5.00 p.m. (London time) (or, if later, by the time falling one 
hour after the customary or scheduled time for publication thereof in accordance with 
the then-prevailing operational procedures of the administrator of the SONIA 
reference rate or of such other information service, as the case may be) on the relevant 
Interest Determination Date, the Rate of Interest shall be calculated for the Interest 
Period for which the SONIA Compounded Index is not available in accordance with 
Condition 3.3(b)(iii)(A) above and for these purposes the “Observation Method” shall 
be deemed to be “Shift”. 
(E) 
If, in respect of any London Banking Day, the Calculation Agent determines that the 
SONIA reference rate is not available on the Relevant Screen Page or has not 
otherwise been published by the relevant authorised distributors, such SONIA 
reference rate shall be: 
I. 
(a) the Bank of England’s Bank Rate (the Bank Rate) prevailing at close of 
business on the relevant London Banking Day; plus (b) the arithmetic mean 
of the spread of the SONIA reference rate to the Bank Rate over the previous 
five London Banking Days on which the SONIA reference rate has been 
published, excluding the highest spread (or, if there is more than one highest 
spread, one only of those highest spreads) and lowest spread (or, if there is 
more than one lowest spread, one only of those lowest spreads) to the Bank 
Rate, or 
II. 
if such Bank Rate is not available, the SONIA reference rate published on the 
Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise published by the relevant authorised 
distributors) for the first preceding London Banking Day on which the 
SONIA reference rate was published on the Relevant Screen Page (or 
otherwise published by the relevant authorised distributors). 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event of the Bank of England publishing 
guidance as to (a) how the SONIA reference is to be determined or (b) any rate that 
is to replace the SONIA reference rate, the Calculation Agent, as applicable, shall 
follow such guidance to determine the SONIA reference rate for so long as the SONIA 
reference is not available or has not been published by the authorised distributors. 
If the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of 
this Condition 3.3(b)(iii), the Rate of Interest shall be (A) that determined as at the last 
preceding Interest Determination Date (though substituting, where a different Margin is to be 
applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest 
Period, the Margin relating to the relevant Interest Period, in place of the Margin relating to 
that last preceding Interest Period) or (B) if there is no such preceding Interest Determination 
Date, the initial Interest Rate which would have been applicable to the Notes for the first 
Interest Period had the Notes been in issue for a period equal in duration to the scheduled first 
Interest Period but ending on (and excluding) the Interest Commencement Date (but applying 
the Margin applicable to the first Interest Period).  
If the relevant Series of Notes become due and payable in accordance with Condition 8, the 
final Interest Determination Date shall, notwithstanding any Interest Determination Date 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, be deemed to be the date on which such Notes became 
due and payable and the Rate of Interest on such Notes shall, for so long as any such Note

--- Page 93 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
93 
 
 
remains outstanding, be that determined on such date and as if (solely for the purpose of such 
interest determination) the relevant Interest Period had been shortened accordingly. 
(iv) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes referencing SOFR, other than CMS Linked 
Interest Notes 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate of Interest (the Screen Rate) is to be determined and the applicable Final 
Terms specify that the Reference Rate is SOFR, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period 
will be calculated in accordance with Condition 3.3(b)(iv)(A) or Condition 3.3(b)(iv)(B) 
below, subject to the provisions of Condition 3.3(b)(iv)(D): 
(A) 
Where the Calculation Method is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being 
“SOFR Arithmetic Mean”, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will be the 
SOFR Arithmetic Mean plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the 
Margin (if any), all as determined by the Calculation Agent as at the relevant Interest 
Determination Date, as follows, and the resulting percentage will be rounded if 
necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards. 
(B) 
Where the Calculation Method is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being 
“SOFR Compound”, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will be the 
Compounded Daily SOFR on the relevant Interest Determination Date plus or minus 
(as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as determined by 
the Calculation Agent with the resulting percentage being rounded, if necessary, to 
the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards. 
(C) 
The following definitions shall apply for the purpose of the Conditions: 
Bloomberg Screen SOFRRATE Page means the Bloomberg screen designated 
“SOFRRATE” or any successor page or service; 
Compounded Daily SOFR means with respect to an Interest Period, an amount equal 
to the rate of return for each calendar day during the Interest Period, compounded 
daily, calculated by the Calculation Agent on the Interest Determination Date, as 
follows: 
I. 
if “SOFR Compound with Lookback” is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms: 
 
Where: 
d means, in respect of an Interest Period, the number of calendar days in such 
Interest Period; 
d0 means, in respect of an Interest Period, the number of U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days in the relevant Interest Period; 
i means a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the 
relevant U.S. Government Securities Business Days in chronological order 
from, and including, the first U.S. Government Securities Business Day in the 
relevant Interest Period;

--- Page 94 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
94 
 
 
Lookback Period or p means five U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days or such larger number of days as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
ni means, in respect of a U.S. Government Securities Business Dayi, the 
number of calendar days from, and including, such U.S. Government 
Securities Business Dayi up to, but excluding, the following U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day;  
SOFRi means, in respect of each U.S. Government Securities Business Dayi, 
the SOFR in respect of such U.S. Government Securities Business Day; and 
SOFRi-pUSBD means, in respect of a U.S. Government Securities Business 
Dayi, SOFRi in respect of the U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
falling the number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days equal to the 
Lookback Period prior to such U.S. Government Securities Business Dayi 
(pUSBD), provided that, unless SOFR Cut-Off Date is specified as not 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, SOFRi in respect of each U.S. 
Government Securities Business Dayi in the period from, and including, the 
SOFR Cut-Off Date to, but excluding, the next occurring Interest Period End 
Date, will be SOFRi in respect of the SOFR Cut-Off Date for such Interest 
Period; 
II. 
if “SOFR Compound with Observation Period Shift” is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms: 
 
where: 
d means, in respect of an Observation Period, the number of calendar days in 
such Observation Period; 
d0 means, in respect of an Observation Period, the number of U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days in the relevant Observation Period; 
i means a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the 
relevant U.S. Government Securities Business Days in chronological order 
from, and including, the first U.S. Government Securities Business Day in the 
relevant Observation Period; 
ni means, in respect of a U.S. Government Securities Business Dayi, the 
number of calendar days from, and including, such U.S. Government 
Securities Business Dayi up to, but excluding, the following U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day; 
Observation Period means, in respect of an Interest Period, the period from, 
and including, the date falling the number of Observation Shift Days prior to 
the first day of such Interest Period and ending on, but excluding, the date 
that is the number of Observation Shift Days prior to the next occurring 
Interest Period End Date for such Interest Period;

--- Page 95 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
95 
 
 
Observation Shift Days means five U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days or such larger number of days as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
and 
SOFRi means, in respect of each U.S. Government Securities Business Dayi, 
the SOFR in respect of such U.S. Government Securities Business Day; 
III. 
if “SOFR Compound with Payment Delay” is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms: 
 
where: 
d means, in respect of an Interest Period, the number of calendar days in such 
Interest Period; 
d0 means, in respect of an Interest Period, the number of U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days in the relevant Interest Period; 
i means a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the 
relevant U.S. Government Securities Business Days in chronological order 
from, and including, the first U.S. Government Securities Business Day in the 
relevant Interest Period;  
Interest Period End Dates shall have the meaning specified in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
Interest Payment Dates shall be the dates occurring the number of Business 
Days equal to the Interest Payment Delay following each Interest Period End 
Date; provided that the Interest Payment Date with respect to the final Interest 
Period will be the Maturity Date or, if the Notes are to be redeemed prior to 
the Maturity Date, such earlier date on which the Notes become due and 
payable; 
Interest Payment Delay means the number of U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
Interest Determination Date shall be the Interest Period End Date at the end 
of each Interest Period; provided that the Interest Determination Date with 
respect to the final Interest Period will be the SOFR Cut-Off Date; 
ni means, in respect of a U.S. Government Securities Business Dayi the 
number of calendar days from, and including, such U.S. Government 
Securities Business Dayi up to, but excluding, the following U.S. Government 
Securities Business Dayi; and 
SOFRi means, for any U.S. Government Securities Business Dayi in the 
relevant Interest Period, the SOFR in respect of such U.S. Government 
Securities Business Dayi.

--- Page 96 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
96 
 
 
For purposes of calculating SOFR Compound with Payment Delay with 
respect to the final Interest Period, the level of SOFR for each U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day in the period from and including the 
SOFR Cut-Off Date to but excluding the Maturity Date or any earlier date on 
which the Notes become due and payable, as applicable, shall be the level of 
SOFR in respect of such SOFR Cut-Off Date. 
IV. 
if “SOFR Index with Observation Shift” is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms: 
 
where: 
dc means, in respect of each Interest Period, the number of calendar days in 
the relevant Interest Period; 
Interest Period End Dates shall have the meaning specified in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
Observation Shift Days means five U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days or such larger number of days as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
SOFR Index means with respect to any U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day, (i) the SOFR Index value as published by the NY Federal Reserve as 
such index appears on the NY Federal Reserve's Website at the SOFR 
Determination Time; or (ii) if the SOFR Index specified in (i) above does not 
so appear, unless both a SOFR Transition Event and its related SOFR 
Replacement Date have occurred, the SOFR Index as published in respect of 
the first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day for which the 
SOFR Index was published on the NY Federal Reserve’s Website; 
SOFR IndexFinal means, in respect of an Interest Period, the value of the 
SOFR Index on the date falling the number of U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days equal to the Observation Shift Days prior to the next occurring 
Interest Period End Date for such Interest Period;  
SOFR IndexInitial means, in respect of an Interest Period, the value of the 
SOFR Index on the date falling the number of U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days equal to the Observation Shift Days prior to the first day of 
such Interest Period (or, in the case of the first Interest Period, the Interest 
Commencement Date); 
NY Federal Reserve means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York; 
NY Federal Reserve's Website means the website of the NY Federal 
Reserve, currently at www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor website of the 
NY Federal Reserve or the website of any successor administrator of SOFR; 
Reuters Page USDSOFR= means the Reuters page designated 
“USDSOFR=” or any successor page or service;

--- Page 97 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
97 
 
 
SOFR means the rate determined by the Calculation Agent in respect of a 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day, in accordance with the following 
provisions: 
(i) 
the Secured Overnight Financing Rate in respect of such U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day that appears at approximately 
3:00 p.m. (New York City time) (the SOFR Determination Time) 
on the NY Federal Reserve's Website on such U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day, as such rate is reported on the Bloomberg 
Screen SOFRRATE Page for such U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day or, if no such rate is reported on the Bloomberg Screen 
SOFRRATE Page, then the Secured Overnight Financing Rate that 
is reported on the Reuters Page USDSOFR= or, if no such rate is 
reported on the Reuters Page USDSOFR=, then the Secured 
Overnight Financing Rate that appears at approximately 3:00 p.m. 
(New York City time) on the NY Federal Reserve’s Website on such 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day (the SOFR Screen Page); 
or 
(ii) 
if the rate specified in (i) above does not so appear and the 
Calculation Agent determines that a SOFR Transition Event has not 
occurred, the Secured Overnight Financing Rate published on the NY 
Federal Reserve's Website for the first preceding U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day for which the Secured Overnight Financing 
Rate was published on the NY Federal Reserve’s Website; 
SOFR Arithmetic Mean means, with respect to an Interest Period, the 
arithmetic mean of SOFR for each calendar day during such Interest Period, 
as calculated by the Calculation Agent, provided that, SOFR in respect of 
each calendar day during the period from, and including, the SOFR Cut-Off 
Date to, but excluding, the next occurring Interest Period End Date will be 
SOFR on the SOFR Cut-Off Date. For these purposes, SOFR in respect of 
any calendar day which is not a U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
shall, subject to the preceding proviso, be deemed to be SOFR in respect of 
the U.S. Government Securities Business Day immediately preceding such 
calendar day; 
SOFR Cut-Off Date means, unless specified as not applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, in respect of an Interest Period, the fourth U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day prior to the next occurring Interest 
Period End Date for such Interest Period (or such other number of U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days specified in the applicable Final 
Terms); and 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day means any day except for a 
Saturday, Sunday or a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial 
Markets Association (SIFMA) recommends that the fixed income 
departments of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes of 
trading in U.S. government securities. 
Notwithstanding Conditions 3.3(b)(iv)(A) to 3.3(b)(iv)(B) above, if the Calculation 
Agent determines on or prior to the SOFR Determination Time, that a SOFR 
Transition Event and its related SOFR Replacement Date have occurred with respect 
to the relevant SOFR Benchmark (as defined below), then the provisions set forth in

--- Page 98 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
98 
 
 
Condition 3.3(b)(iv)(D) (SOFR Replacement Provisions) below will apply to all 
determinations of the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period thereafter. 
(D) 
SOFR Replacement Provisions 
If the Issuer (in consultation with the Calculation Agent) , determines at any time prior 
to the SOFR Determination Time on any U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
that a SOFR Transition Event and the related SOFR Replacement Date have occurred, 
the Issuer will appoint an agent (the Replacement Rate Determination Agent) 
which will determine the SOFR Replacement. The Replacement Rate Determination 
Agent may be (x) a leading bank, broker-dealer or benchmark agent in the principal 
financial centre of the Specified Currency as appointed by the Issuer, (y) the Issuer, 
(z) an affiliate of the Issuer or the Calculation Agent or (zz) such other entity that the 
Issuer determines to be competent to carry out such role. 
In connection with the determination of the SOFR Replacement, the Replacement 
Rate Determination Agent will determine appropriate SOFR Replacement 
Conforming Changes. 
Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Issuer (in 
consultation with the Calculation Agent) or Replacement Rate Determination Agent 
(as the case may be) pursuant to these provisions, will (in the absence of manifest 
error) be conclusive and binding on the Issuer, the Calculation Agent, the Agent and 
the Noteholders. 
Following the designation of a SOFR Replacement, the Issuer (in consultation with 
the Calculation Agent) may subsequently determine that a SOFR Transition Event 
and a related SOFR Replacement Date have occurred in respect of such SOFR 
Replacement, provided that the SOFR Benchmark has already been substituted by the 
SOFR Replacement and any SOFR Replacement Conforming Changes in connection 
with such substitution have been applied. In such circumstances, the SOFR 
Replacement shall be deemed to be the SOFR Benchmark and all relevant definitions 
shall be construed accordingly. 
In connection with the SOFR Replacement Provisions above, the following 
definitions shall apply: 
ISDA Definitions means the 2006 ISDA Definitions published by the International 
Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. or any successor thereto, as amended or 
supplemented from time to time, or any successor definitional booklet for interest rate 
derivatives published from time to time; 
ISDA Fallback Adjustment means the spread adjustment (which may be a positive 
or negative value or zero) that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing 
the ISDA Definitions to be determined upon the occurrence of an index cessation 
event with respect to SOFR for the applicable tenor; 
ISDA Fallback Rate means the rate that would apply for derivatives transactions 
referencing the ISDA Definitions to be effective upon the occurrence of a SOFR 
Transition Event with respect to SOFR for the applicable tenor excluding the 
applicable ISDA Fallback Adjustment; 
Relevant Governmental Body means the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve 
System and/or the NY Federal Reserve or a committee officially endorsed or

--- Page 99 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
99 
 
 
convened by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System and/or the NY 
Federal Reserve or any successor thereto; 
SOFR Benchmark means (a) (unless “SOFR Index with Observation Shift” is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) SOFR or (b) SOFR Index (each as defined in 
Condition 3.3(b)(iv)(C) above); 
SOFR Replacement means any one (or more) of the SOFR Replacement Alternatives 
to be determined by the Replacement Rate Determination Agent as of the SOFR 
Replacement Date if the Issuer (in consultation with the Calculation Agent) 
determines that a SOFR Transition Event and its related SOFR Replacement Date 
have occurred on or prior to the SOFR Determination Time in respect of any 
determination of the SOFR Benchmark on any U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day in accordance with: 
(a) 
the order of priority specified SOFR Replacement Alternatives Priority in the 
applicable Final Terms; or 
(b) 
if no such order of priority is specified, in accordance with the priority set 
forth below: 
(i) 
Relevant Governmental Body Replacement; 
(ii) 
ISDA Fallback Replacement; and 
(iii) 
Industry Replacement, 
provided that, in each case, if the Replacement Rate Determination Agent is unable 
to determine the SOFR Replacement in accordance with the first SOFR Replacement 
Alternative listed, it shall attempt to determine the SOFR Replacement in accordance 
with each subsequent SOFR Replacement Alternative until a SOFR Replacement is 
determined. The SOFR Replacement will replace the then-current SOFR Benchmark 
for the purpose of determining the relevant Rate of Interest in respect of the relevant 
Interest Period and each subsequent Interest Period, subject to the occurrence of a 
subsequent SOFR Transition Event and related SOFR Replacement Date; 
SOFR Replacement Alternatives means: 
(a) 
the sum of: (i) the alternative rate that has been selected or recommended by 
the Relevant Governmental Body as the replacement for the then-current 
SOFR Benchmark for the relevant Interest Period and (ii) the SOFR 
Replacement 
Adjustment 
(the 
Relevant 
Governmental 
Body 
Replacement); 
(b) 
the sum of: (i) the ISDA Fallback Rate and (ii) the SOFR Replacement 
Adjustment (the ISDA Fallback Replacement); or 
(c) 
the sum of: (i) the alternative rate that has been selected by the Replacement 
Rate Determination Agent as the replacement for the then-current SOFR 
Benchmark for the relevant Interest Period giving due consideration to any 
industry-accepted rate as a replacement for the then-current SOFR 
Benchmark for U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate securities at such time 
and (ii) the SOFR Replacement Adjustment (the Industry Replacement);

--- Page 100 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
100 
 
 
SOFR Replacement Adjustment means the first alternative set forth in the order 
below that can be determined by the Replacement Rate Determination Agent as of the 
applicable SOFR Replacement Date: 
(a) 
the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread 
adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been 
selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body for the 
applicable Unadjusted SOFR Replacement; 
(b) 
if the applicable Unadjusted SOFR Replacement is equivalent to the ISDA 
Fallback Rate, the ISDA Fallback Adjustment; or 
(c) 
the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) 
determined by the Replacement Rate Determination Agent giving due 
consideration to any industry-accepted spread adjustment, or method for 
calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of the 
then-current SOFR Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted SOFR 
Replacement for U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate securities at such time; 
SOFR Replacement Conforming Changes means, with respect to any SOFR 
Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes (including, but not 
limited to, changes to timing and frequency of determining rates with respect to each 
interest period and making payments of interest, rounding of amounts or tenors, day 
count fractions, business day convention and other administrative matters) that the 
Replacement Rate Determination Agent decides may be appropriate to reflect the 
adoption of such SOFR Replacement in a manner substantially consistent with market 
practice (or, if the Replacement Rate Determination Agent determines that adoption 
of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the 
Replacement Rate Determination Agent determines that no market practice for use of 
the SOFR Replacement exists, in such other manner as the Replacement Rate 
Determination Agent or the Calculation Agent, as the case may be, determines is 
reasonably necessary, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner); 
SOFR Replacement Date means the earliest to occur of the following events with 
respect to the then-current SOFR Benchmark (including the daily published 
component used in the calculation thereof): 
(a) 
in the case of sub-paragraphs (a) or (b) of the definition of “SOFR Transition 
Event” the later of (i) the date of the public statement or publication of 
information referenced therein and (ii) the date on which the administrator of 
the SOFR Benchmark permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide the 
SOFR Benchmark (or such component); or 
(b) 
in the case of sub-paragraph (c) of the definition of “SOFR Transition Event” 
the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced 
therein; or 
(c) 
in the case of sub-paragraph (d), the last such consecutive U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day on which the SOFR Benchmark has not been 
published,  
provided that, in the event of any public statements or publications of information as 
referenced in sub-paragraphs (a) or (b)above, should such event or circumstance 
referred to in such a public statement or publication occur on a date falling later than

--- Page 101 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
101 
 
 
three months after the relevant public statement or publication, the SOFR Transition 
Event shall be deemed to occur on the date falling three months prior to such specified 
date (and not the date of the relevant public statement or publication). 
For the avoidance of doubt, if the event giving rise to the SOFR Replacement Date 
occurs on the same day as, but earlier than, the SOFR Determination Time in respect 
of any determination, the SOFR Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred 
prior to the SOFR Determination Time for such determination. 
SOFR Transition Event means the occurrence of any one or more of the following 
events with respect to the then-current SOFR Benchmark (including the daily 
published component used in the calculation thereof): 
(a) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the 
administrator of the SOFR Benchmark (or such component, if relevant) 
announcing that such administrator has ceased or will cease to provide the 
SOFR Benchmark (or such component, if relevant), permanently or 
indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there 
is no successor administrator that will continue to provide the SOFR 
Benchmark (or such component, if relevant); 
(b) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor 
for the administrator of the Benchmark (or such component, if relevant), the 
central bank for the currency of the SOFR Benchmark (or such component, 
if relevant), an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator for 
the SOFR Benchmark (or such component, if relevant), a resolution authority 
with jurisdiction over the administrator for SOFR Benchmark (or such 
component, if relevant) or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or 
resolution authority over the administrator for the SOFR Benchmark (or such 
component, if relevant), which states that the administrator of the SOFR 
Benchmark (or such component, if relevant) has ceased or will cease to 
provide the SOFR Benchmark (or such component, if relevant) permanently 
or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, 
there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide the SOFR 
Benchmark (or such component, if relevant); 
(c) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor 
for the administrator of the SOFR Benchmark (or such component, if 
relevant) announcing that the SOFR Benchmark (or such component, if 
relevant) is no longer representative, the SOFR Benchmark (or such 
component, if relevant) has been or will be prohibited from being used or that 
its use has been or will be subject to restrictions or adverse consequences, 
either generally or in respect of the Notes; or 
(d) 
the SOFR Benchmark is not published by its administrator (or a successor 
administrator) for six consecutive U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days; and 
Unadjusted SOFR Replacement means the SOFR Replacement prior to the 
application of any SOFR Replacement Adjustment.

--- Page 102 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
102 
 
 
(v) 
Floating Rate Notes which are CMS Linked Interest Notes 
Where the Reference Rate is specified as being the CMS Reference Rate, the Rate of Interest 
for each Interest Period will be calculated by the relevant Calculation Agent in accordance 
with the provisions set out below and the following formula: 
CMS Rate + Margin  
As used above: 
CMS Linked Interest Notes means Floating Rate Notes where the Reference Rate is 
specified to be the CMS Rate. 
CMS Rate shall mean the Relevant Swap Rate for swap transactions in the Reference 
Currency with a maturity of the Designated Maturity (expressed as a percentage rate per 
annum) which appears on the Relevant Screen Page as at the Relevant Time on the Interest 
Determination Date in question, all as determined by the relevant Calculation Agent. 
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available, the relevant Calculation Agent shall request each 
of the Reference Banks (as defined below) to provide the Calculation Agent with its quotation 
for the Relevant Swap Rate (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) at approximately the 
Relevant Time on the Interest Determination Date in question.  If three or more of the 
Reference Banks provide the relevant Calculation Agent with such quotations, the CMS Rate 
for such Interest Period shall be the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal 
place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the quotations, eliminating the highest 
quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the highest) and the lowest quotation (or, in the 
event of equality, one of the lowest). 
For this purpose: 
Margin has the meaning specified in the Final Terms. 
Reference Banks means (i) where the Reference Currency is Euro, the principal office of five 
leading swap dealers in the inter-bank market, (ii) where the Reference Currency is Sterling, 
the principal London office of five leading swap dealers in the London inter-bank market, (iii) 
where the Reference Currency is United States dollars, the principal New York City office of 
five leading swap dealers in the New York City inter-bank market, or (iv) in the case of any 
other Reference Currency, the principal Relevant Financial Centre office of five leading swap 
dealers in the Relevant Financial Centre inter-bank market, in each case as selected by the 
Issuer. 
Relevant Screen Page has the meaning specified in the Final Terms. 
Relevant Swap Rate means: 
(A) 
where the Reference Currency is euro, the mid-market annual swap rate determined 
on the basis of the arithmetic mean of the bid and offered rates for the annual fixed 
leg, calculated on a 30/360 day count basis, of a fixed-for-floating euro interest rate 
swap transaction with a term equal to the Designated Maturity commencing on the 
first day of the relevant Interest Period and in a Representative Amount with an 
acknowledged dealer of good credit in the swap market, where the floating leg, in 
each case calculated on an Actual/360 day count basis, is equivalent to EUR-
EURIBOR-Reuters (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) with a designated maturity

--- Page 103 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
103 
 
 
determined by the relevant Calculation Agent by reference to standard market practice 
and/or the ISDA Definitions; 
(B) 
where the Reference Currency is Sterling, the mid-market semi-annual swap rate 
determined on the basis of the arithmetic mean of the bid and offered rates for the 
semi-annual fixed leg, calculated on an Actual/365 (Fixed) day count basis, of a fixed-
for-floating Sterling interest rate swap transaction with a term equal to the Designated 
Maturity commencing on the first day of the relevant Interest Period and in a 
Representative Amount with an acknowledged dealer of good credit in the swap 
market, where the floating leg, in each case calculated on an Actual/365 (Fixed) day 
count basis, is equivalent (A) if the Designated Maturity is greater than one year, to 
GBP-LIBOR-BBA (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) with a designated maturity 
of six months or (B) if the Designated Maturity is one year or less, to GBP-LIBOR-
BBA with a designated maturity of three months; 
(C) 
where the Reference Currency is United States dollars, the mid-market semi-annual 
swap rate determined on the basis of the mean of the bid and offered rates for the 
semi-annual fixed leg, calculated on a 30/360 day count basis, of a fixed-for-floating 
United States dollar interest rate swap transaction with a term equal to the Designated 
Maturity commencing on the first day of the relevant Interest Period and in a 
Representative Amount with an acknowledged dealer of good credit in the swap 
market, where the floating leg, calculated on an Actual/360 day count basis, is 
equivalent to USD-LIBOR-BBA (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) with a 
designated maturity of three months; and 
(D) 
where the Reference Currency is any other currency, the mid-market swap rate as 
determined by the relevant Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion on a 
commercial basis as it shall consider appropriate and in accordance with standard 
market practice. 
Relevant Time has the meaning specified in the Final Terms. 
Representative Amount means an amount that is representative for a single transaction in 
the relevant market at the relevant time. 
If on any Interest Determination Date fewer than three or none of the Reference Banks 
provides the relevant Calculation Agent with such quotations as provided in the preceding 
paragraph, the CMS Rate shall be determined by the relevant Calculation Agent in its sole and 
absolute discretion on a commercial basis as it shall consider appropriate and in accordance 
with standard market practice. 
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms, the Minimum Rate of Interest shall be deemed 
to be zero.  
(c) 
Minimum Rate of Interest and/or Maximum Rate of Interest 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Minimum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, in the 
event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance with the 
provisions of paragraph (b) above is less than such Minimum Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest for 
such Interest Period shall be such Minimum Rate of Interest. 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Maximum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, in 
the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance with the

--- Page 104 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
104 
 
 
provisions of paragraph (b) above is greater than such Maximum Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest 
for such Interest Period shall be such Maximum Rate of Interest. 
(d) 
Determination of Rate of Interest and calculation of Interest Amounts 
The Agent will at or as soon as practicable after each time at which the Rate of Interest is to be 
determined, determine the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period.  
The Agent will calculate the amount of interest (the Interest Amount) payable on the Floating Rate 
Notes for the relevant Interest Period by applying the Rate of Interest to: 
(i) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes which are represented by a Global Note, the aggregate 
outstanding nominal amount of the Notes represented by such Global Note (or, if they are 
Partly Paid Notes, the aggregate amount paid up); or 
(ii) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes in definitive form, the Calculation Amount, 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the 
resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit 
being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention.  Where the 
Specified Denomination of a Floating Rate Note in definitive form is a multiple of the Calculation 
Amount, the Interest Amount payable in respect of such Note shall be the product of the amount 
(determined in the manner provided above) for the Calculation Amount and the amount by which the 
Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination, without any further rounding. 
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in accordance with 
this Condition 3.3: 
(i) 
if "Actual/Actual (ISDA)" or "Actual/Actual" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
actual number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Interest 
Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (I) the actual number of days in that portion of the 
Interest Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (II) the actual number of days in that 
portion of the Interest Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(ii) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days 
in the Interest Period divided by 365; 
(iii) 
if "Actual/365 (Sterling)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days 
in the Interest Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest Payment Date falling in a 
leap year, 366; 
(iv) 
if "Actual/360" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 360; 
(v) 
if "30/360", "360/360" or "Bond Basis" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number 
of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
          
          
          
          
          
360
  
          
)
D
-
  
(D
 
 
)]
M
 - 
(M
 x 
[30
 
 
)]
Y
 - 
(Y
 x 
[360
1
2
1
2
1
2
+
+

--- Page 105 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
105 
 
 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
of the Interest Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such 
number is 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which 
case D2 will be 30;  
(vi) 
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of 
days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
of the Interest Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; and 
(vii) 
if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
of the Interest Period falls; 
          
          
          
          
          
360
  
          
)
D
-
  
(D
 
 
)]
M
 - 
(M
 x 
[30
 
 
)]
Y
 - 
(Y
 x 
[360
1
2
1
2
1
2
+
+
          
          
          
          
          
360
  
          
)
D
-
  
(D
 
 
)]
M
 - 
(M
 x 
[30
 
 
)]
Y
 - 
(Y
 x 
[360
1
2
1
2
1
2
+
+

--- Page 106 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
106 
 
 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless (i) that day 
is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Interest Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Maturity Date 
or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30. 
(e) 
Linear Interpolation 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the applicable 
Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated by the Agent by straight 
line linear interpolation by reference to two rates based on the relevant Reference Rate (where Screen 
Rate Determination is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms) or the relevant Floating 
Rate Option (where ISDA Determination is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms), one 
of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of time for which rates are 
available next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest Period and the other of which shall be 
determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available next 
longer than the length of the relevant Interest Period provided however that if there is no rate available 
for a period of time next shorter or, as the case may be, next longer, then the Agent shall determine 
such rate at such time and by reference to such sources as it determines appropriate.  
Designated Maturity means, in relation to Screen Rate Determination, the period of time designated 
in the Reference Rate. 
(f) 
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amounts 
The Agent will cause the Rate of Interest and each Interest Amount for each Interest Period and the 
relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to the Issuer and any stock exchange on which the 
relevant Floating Rate Notes are for the time being listed and notice thereof to be published in 
accordance with Condition 13 (Notices) as soon as possible after their determination but in no event 
later than the fourth London Business Day thereafter.  Each Interest Amount and Interest Payment 
Date so notified may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way 
of adjustment) without prior notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period.  
Any such amendment will promptly be notified to each stock exchange on which the relevant Floating 
Rate Notes are for the time being listed and to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 
(Notices). 
(g) 
Certificates to be final 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and decisions 
given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this Condition 3.3 by the 
Agent shall (in the absence of wilful default, bad faith or manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the 
Agent, the other Paying Agents and all Noteholders and Couponholders and (in the absence of wilful 
default or bad faith) no liability to the Issuer, the Noteholders or the Couponholders shall attach to the 
Agent in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions 
pursuant to such provisions.

--- Page 107 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
107 
 
 
3.4 
Benchmark Discontinuation 
If the Issuer (in consultation with the Calculation Agent) determines that a Benchmark Event (as 
defined below) has occurred in relation to an Original Reference Rate, other than SOFR, when any 
Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) remains to be determined by reference to such Original 
Reference Rate, then the Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser, 
as soon as reasonably practicable, with a view to the Issuer and the Independent Adviser (acting in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) determining, no later than three Business Days 
prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date, a Successor Rate, failing which an Alternative Rate 
(in accordance with Condition 3.4(a) below) and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread if any (in 
accordance with Condition 3.4(b) below) and any Benchmark Amendments (in accordance with 
Condition 3.4(c) below). 
(a) 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
If the Issuer and the Independent Adviser (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner): 
(i) 
agree that there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate shall (subject to adjustment as 
provided in Condition 3.4(b) below) subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference 
Rate to determine the Interest Rate (or the relevant component part thereof) for all future 
payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 3.4); 
or 
(ii) 
agree that there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such Alternative 
Rate shall (subject to adjustment as provided in Condition 3.4(b) below) subsequently be used 
in place of the Original Reference Rate to determine the Interest Rate (or the relevant 
component part thereof) for all future payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the 
subsequent operation of this Condition 3.4 above). 
If the Issuer (i) is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or (ii) the Issuer and the Independent 
Adviser, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, do not agree on the selection 
of a Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate, the fallback provisions set out in Conditions 3.2 (Interest 
on Fixed Reset Notes) and 3.3 (Interest on Floating Rate Notes) and the applicable Final Terms, as the 
case may be, shall continue to apply. For the avoidance of doubt, this Condition 3.4(a) shall apply to 
the relevant next succeeding Reset Period or Interest Period only and any subsequent Reset Periods or 
Interest Periods are subject to the subsequent operation of, and to adjustment as provided in, this 
Condition 3.4(a). 
(b) 
Adjustment spread 
If the Issuer and the Independent Adviser agree (i) that an Adjustment Spread is required to be applied 
to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and (ii) the quantum of, or a formula 
or methodology for determining, such Adjustment Spread, then such Adjustment Spread shall be 
applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be). 
(c) 
Benchmark Amendments  
If any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread is determined in accordance with this 
Condition 3.4 and the Issuer and the Independent Adviser agree: (i) that amendments to these 
Conditions and/or the Agency Agreement are necessary to ensure the proper operation of such 
Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment Spread (such amendments, the Benchmark 
Amendments) and (ii) the terms of the Benchmark Amendments, then the Issuer and the Principal 
Paying Agent shall, subject to giving notice thereof in accordance with Condition 3.4(d) below,

--- Page 108 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
108 
 
 
without any requirement for the consent or approval of Noteholders, vary these Conditions and/or the 
Agency Agreement to give effect to such Benchmark Amendments with effect from the date specified 
in such notice. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 3.4, the Calculation Agent or any Paying Agent 
is not obliged to concur with the Issuer or the Independent Adviser in respect of any changes or 
amendments as contemplated under this Condition 3.4(c) to which, in the sole opinion of the 
Calculation Agent or the relevant Paying Agent, as the case may be, would impose more onerous 
obligations upon it or expose it to any additional duties, responsibilities or liabilities or reduce or 
amend the protective provisions afforded to the Calculation Agent or the relevant Paying Agent (as 
applicable) in the Agency Agreement and/or these Conditions. 
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition 3.4(c), the Issuer shall comply 
with the rules of any stock exchange on which the Notes are for the time being listed or admitted to 
trading. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 3.4, no Successor Rate or Alternative Rate will 
be adopted, nor any Adjustment Spread applied, nor will any Benchmark Amendments be made, if 
and to the extent that, in the determination of the Issuer, the same could reasonably be expected to 
prejudice the treatment of any relevant Series of Notes as Tier 2 capital or Eligible Liabilities, in each 
case of the Issuer or the Group, as applicable, or could reasonably result in the Regulator and/or the 
Relevant Resolution Authority treating any future Interest Payment Date (including any Reset Date) 
as the effective maturity of the Notes, rather than the relevant Maturity Date. 
(d) 
Notice 
Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of any Benchmark 
Amendments, determined under this Condition 3.4 will be notified promptly by the Issuer to the 
Paying Agents and, in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices), the Noteholders.  Such notice shall be 
irrevocable and shall specify the effective date of the Benchmark Amendments, if any and will be 
binding on the Issuer, the Paying Agents and the Noteholders. 
No later than the date on which the Issuer notifies the Noteholders of the same, the Issuer shall deliver 
to the Calculation Agent and the Paying Agents a certificate signed by two authorised signatories of 
the Issuer: 
(i) 
confirming (A) that a Benchmark Event has occurred, (B) the Successor Rate or, as the case 
may be, the Alternative Rate, (C) any Adjustment Spread and (D) the specific terms of the 
Benchmark Amendments (if any), in each case as determined in accordance with the 
provisions of this Condition 3.4; 
(ii) 
certifying that the Benchmark Amendments (if any) are necessary to ensure the proper 
operation of such Successor or Alternative Rate and any Adjustment Spread. 
The Agent shall display such certificate at its offices, for inspection by the Noteholders, at all 
reasonable times during normal business house. 
Each of the Agent, the Calculation Agent and the Paying Agents shall be entitled to rely on such 
certificate (without liability to any person) as sufficient evidence thereof. The Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread and the Benchmark Amendments (if any) specified in 
such certificate will (in the absence of manifest error or bad faith in the determination of the Successor 
Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread and the Benchmark Amendments (if any) and 
without prejudice to the Agent's or the Calculation Agent's or the Paying Agents' ability to rely on

--- Page 109 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
109 
 
 
such certificate as aforesaid) be binding on the Issuer, the Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Paying 
Agents and the Noteholders.  
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 3.4, if following the determination of any 
Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread or Benchmark Amendments (if any), in the 
Calculation Agent's opinion there is any uncertainty between two or more alternative courses of action 
in making any determination or calculation under this Condition 3.4, the Calculation Agent shall 
promptly notify the Issuer thereof and the Issuer shall direct the Calculation Agent in writing as to 
which alternative course of action to adopt. If the Calculation Agent is not promptly provided with 
such direction, or is otherwise unable (other than due to its own gross negligence, wilful default or 
fraud) to make such calculation or determination for any reason, it shall notify the Issuer thereof and 
the Calculation Agent shall be under no obligation to make such calculation or determination and (in 
the absence of such gross negligence, wilful default or fraud) shall not incur any liability for not doing 
so. 
(e) 
Survival of Original Reference Rate Provisions 
Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under Conditions 3.4(a) to (d) above, the Original 
Reference Rate and the fallback provisions provided for in Condition 3.2 (Interest on Fixed Reset 
Notes) and 3.3 (Interest on Floating Rate Notes) and the applicable Final Terms, as the case may be, 
will continue to apply unless and until the Calculation Agent has been notified of the Successor Rate 
or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be), and any Adjustment Spread and Benchmark 
Amendments, in accordance with this Condition 3.4. 
(f) 
Definitions 
In this Condition 3.4, the following expressions shall have the following meanings: 
Adjustment Spread means either a spread or quantum (which may be positive or negative), or the 
formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, to be applied to the Successor Rate or 
the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and is the spread, quantum, formula or methodology which: 
(i) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the replacement of the 
Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; or 
(ii) 
(if no such recommendation has been made, or in the case of an Alternative Rate) the Issuer 
determines, following consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting in good faith and 
in a commercially reasonable manner, is customarily applied to the relevant Successor Rate 
or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) in international debt capital market transactions 
to produce an industry-accepted replacement rate for the Original Reference Rate; or 
(iii) 
(if the Issuer determines that no such spread is customarily applied) the Issuer determines, 
following consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner, is recognised or acknowledged as being the industry 
standard for over-the counter derivative transactions which reference the Original Reference 
Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the 
case may be); or 
(iv) 
if no such spread, quantum, formula or methodology can be determined in accordance with 
(i) to (iii) above, the Issuer, in its discretion and following consultation with the Independent 
Adviser, and acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, determines to be 
appropriate, to reduce or eliminate to the extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, 
any economic prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) to the Noteholders as a result of the

--- Page 110 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
110 
 
 
replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate 
(as the case may be). 
Alternative Rate means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the Issuer determines, 
following consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner, is customary in market usage in the international debt capital markets for the 
purposes of determining floating rates of interest (or the relevant component part thereof) in the 
Specified Currency. 
Benchmark Amendments has the meaning given to it in Condition 3.4(c) above. 
Benchmark Event means: 
(i) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for a period of at least 5 Business Days 
or ceasing to exist; or 
(ii) 
a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that it has ceased or 
will cease publishing the Original Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely or that it will 
cease to do so by a specified future date (the Specified Future Date) (in circumstances where 
no successor administrator has been appointed that will continue publication of the Original 
Reference Rate); or 
(iii) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that 
the Original Reference Rate has been or will, by a Specified Future Date, be permanently or 
indefinitely discontinued; or 
(iv) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that 
means the Original Reference Rate will, by a Specified Future Date, be prohibited from being 
used or that its use will be subject to restrictions or adverse consequences; or 
(v) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that, 
in the view of such supervisor, such Original Reference Rate is or will, by a Specified Future 
Date, be no longer representative of an underlying market; or 
(vi) 
it has or will, by a specified date within the following six months, become unlawful for any 
Paying Agent, Calculation Agent, the Issuer or any other party to calculate any payments due 
to be made to any Noteholder using the Original Reference Rate (as applicable) (including, 
without limitation, under the Benchmarks Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, if applicable). 
Notwithstanding the sub-paragraphs above, where the relevant Benchmark Event is a public statement 
within sub-paragraphs (ii), (iii), (iv) or (v) above and the Specified Future Date in the public statement 
is more than six months after the date of that public statement, the Benchmark Event shall not be 
deemed occur until the date falling six months prior to such Specified Future Date. 
Independent Adviser means an independent financial institution of recognised standing or an 
independent financial adviser with appropriate expertise appointed by the Issuer (at its own expense). 
Original Reference Rate means: 
(i) 
the originally-specified benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) used to determine the Interest 
Rate (or any component part thereof) on the Notes; or 
(ii) 
any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate which has been determined in relation to such 
benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) pursuant to the operation of this Condition 3.4,

--- Page 111 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
111 
 
 
as applicable. 
Relevant Nominating Body means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as applicable): 
(i) 
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, 
or any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the 
administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable); or 
(ii) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted at the 
request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate(as 
applicable) relates, (b) any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible 
for supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable), (c) a group 
of the aforementioned central banks or other supervisory authorities or (d) the Financial 
Stability Board or any part thereof. 
Successor Rate means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate which is formally 
recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
3.5 
Accrual of interest 
Each Note (or in the case of the redemption of part only of a Note, that part only of such Note) will 
cease to bear interest (if any) from the date for its redemption unless payment of principal is improperly 
withheld or refused.  In such event, interest will continue to accrue until whichever is the earlier of: 
(a) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Note have been paid; and 
(b) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of such 
Note has been received by the Agent and notice to that effect has been given to the Noteholders 
in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices). 
4. 
PAYMENTS 
4.1 
Method of payment 
Subject as provided below: 
(a) 
payments in a Specified Currency other than euro will be made by credit or transfer to an 
account in the relevant Specified Currency maintained by the payee with a bank in the 
principal financial centre of the country of such Specified Currency (which, if the Specified 
Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars, shall be Sydney and Auckland, 
respectively); and 
(b) 
payments will be made in euro by credit or transfer to a euro account (or any other account to 
which euro may be credited or transferred) specified by the payee. 
Payments will be subject in all cases to (i) any fiscal or other laws and regulations applicable thereto 
in the place of payment or other laws and regulations to which the Issuer or its Agents are subject, but 
without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 6 (Taxation); and (ii) any withholding or deduction 
required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 
1986 (the Code) or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 to 1474 of the Code, any regulations 
or agreements thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, or (without prejudice to the provisions 
of Condition 6 (Taxation)) any law implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto.

--- Page 112 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
112 
 
 
4.2 
Presentation of definitive Notes and Coupons 
Payments of principal in respect of definitive Notes will (subject as provided below) be made in the 
manner provided in Condition 4.1 (Method of payment) above only against presentation and surrender 
(or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of definitive Notes, and payments of 
interest in respect of definitive Notes will (subject as provided below) be made as aforesaid only 
against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of 
Coupons, in each case at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United States (which 
expression, as used herein, means the United States of America (including the States and the District 
of Columbia and its possessions)). 
Fixed Rate Notes in definitive form (other than Long Maturity Notes (as defined below) and save as 
provided in Condition 4.4 (General provisions applicable to payments)) should be presented for 
payment together with all unmatured Coupons appertaining thereto (which expression shall for this 
purpose include Coupons falling to be issued on exchange of matured Talons), failing which the 
amount of any missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of payment not being made in full, the same 
proportion of the amount of such missing unmatured Coupon as the sum so paid bears to the sum due) 
will be deducted from the sum due for payment.  Each amount of principal so deducted will be paid 
in the manner mentioned above against surrender of the relative missing Coupon at any time before 
the expiry of 10 years after the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 6 (Taxation) in respect of such 
principal (whether or not such Coupon would otherwise have become void under Condition 7 
(Prescription)) or, if later, five years from the date on which such Coupon would otherwise have 
become due, but in no event thereafter. 
Upon any Fixed Rate Note in definitive form becoming due and repayable prior to its Maturity Date, 
all unmatured Talons (if any) appertaining thereto will become void and no further Coupons will be 
issued in respect thereof. 
Upon the date on which any Floating Rate Note or Long Maturity Note in definitive form becomes 
due and repayable, unmatured Coupons and Talons (if any) relating thereto (whether or not attached) 
shall become void and no payment or, as the case may be, exchange for further Coupons shall be made 
in respect thereof.  A Long Maturity Note is a Fixed Rate Note (other than a Fixed Rate Note which 
on issue had a Talon attached) whose original nominal amount on issue is less than the aggregate 
interest payable thereon provided that such Note shall cease to be a Long Maturity Note on the Interest 
Payment Date on which the aggregate amount of interest remaining to be paid after that date is less 
than the original nominal amount of such Note. 
If the due date for redemption of any definitive Note is not an Interest Payment Date, interest (if any) 
accrued in respect of such Note from (and including) the preceding Interest Payment Date or, as the 
case may be, the Interest Commencement Date shall be payable only against surrender of the relevant 
definitive Note. 
4.3 
Payments in respect of Global Notes 
Payments of principal and interest (if any) in respect of Notes represented by any Global Note will 
(subject as provided below) be made in the manner specified above in relation to definitive Notes or 
otherwise in the manner specified in the relevant Global Note, where applicable against presentation 
or surrender, as the case may be, of such Global Note at the specified office of any Paying Agent 
outside the United States.  A record of each payment made, distinguishing between any payment of 
principal and any payment of interest, will be made either on such Global Note by the Paying Agent 
to which it was presented or in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable.

--- Page 113 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
113 
 
 
4.4 
General provisions applicable to payments 
The holder of a Global Note shall be the only person entitled to receive payments in respect of Notes 
represented by such Global Note and the Issuer will be discharged by payment to, or to the order of, 
the holder of such Global Note in respect of each amount so paid.  Each of the persons shown in the 
records of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as the beneficial holder of a particular nominal 
amount of Notes represented by such Global Note must look solely to Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as the case may be, for his share of each payment so made by the Issuer to, or to the 
order of, the holder of such Global Note. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Condition 4, if any amount of principal and/or 
interest in respect of Notes is payable in U.S. dollars, such U.S. dollar payments of principal and/or 
interest in respect of such Notes will be made at the specified office of a Paying Agent in the United 
States if: 
(a) 
the Issuer has appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United States with 
the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make payment in U.S. 
dollars at such specified offices outside the United States of the full amount of principal and 
interest on the Notes in the manner provided above when due; 
(b) 
payment of the full amount of such principal and interest at all such specified offices outside 
the United States is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar 
restrictions on the full payment or receipt of principal and interest in U.S. dollars; and 
(c) 
such payment is then permitted under United States law without involving, in the opinion of 
the Issuer, adverse tax consequences to the Issuer. 
4.5 
Payment Day 
If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note or Coupon is not a Payment Day, the 
holder thereof shall not be entitled to payment until the next following Payment Day in the relevant 
place and shall not be entitled to further interest or other payment in respect of such delay.  For these 
purposes, Payment Day means any day which (subject to Condition 7 (Prescription)) is: 
(a) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open 
for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in: 
(i) 
in the case of Notes in definitive form only, the relevant place of presentation; or 
(ii) 
each Additional Financial Centre specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(b) 
either (A) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the 
principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (which if the 
Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars shall be Sydney and 
Auckland, respectively) or (B) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which the 
TARGET2 System is open. 
4.6 
Interpretation of principal and interest 
Any reference in the Conditions to principal in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, as 
applicable:

--- Page 114 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
114 
 
 
(a) 
any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to principal under Condition 6 
(Taxation); 
(b) 
the Final Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(c) 
the Early Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(d) 
the Optional Redemption Amount(s) (if any) of the Notes; and 
(e) 
any premium and any other amounts (other than interest) which may be payable by the Issuer 
under or in respect of the Notes. 
Any reference in the Conditions to interest in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, as 
applicable, any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to interest under Condition 6 
(Taxation). 
In these Conditions, Final Redemption Amount means, in respect of any Note, (i) its principal 
amount or (ii) such percentage of its principal amount to be determined by the Issuer as may be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms.  
5. 
REDEMPTION AND PURCHASE 
5.1 
Redemption at maturity 
Senior Notes and Senior Subordinated Notes will have an original maturity of at least one year from 
their date of effective disbursement or such minimum or maximum maturity as may be permitted or 
required from time to time by Applicable Banking Regulations (including, for the avoidance of doubt, 
Applicable MREL Regulations). 
Tier 2 Subordinated Notes will have an original maturity of at least five years from their date of 
effective disbursement or such minimum or maximum maturity as may be permitted or required from 
time to time by Applicable Banking Regulations.  
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as specified below, each Note will be 
redeemed by the Issuer at its Final Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms in the 
relevant Specified Currency on the Maturity Date specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
5.2 
Redemption for tax reasons 
Subject to Condition 5.7 (Early Redemption Amounts), the Notes may be redeemed at the option of 
the Issuer in whole, but not in part: 
(a) 
at any time (if this Note is not a Floating Rate Note); or  
(b) 
on any Interest Payment Date (if this Note is a Floating Rate Note),  
on giving not less than 15 nor more than 60 calendar days' notice to the Agent and, in accordance with 
Condition 13 (Notices), the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), if, as a result of any 
change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of any Tax Jurisdiction (as defined in Condition 6 
(Taxation)) or any change in the application or official interpretation of such laws or regulations, which 
change or amendment becomes effective on or after the date on which agreement is reached to issue 
the first Tranche of the Notes:

--- Page 115 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
115 
 
 
(i) 
on the occasion of the next payment due under the Notes, the Issuer has or will become obliged 
to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in Condition 6 (Taxation) and such 
obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to it; or  
(ii) 
the Issuer would not be entitled to claim a deduction in computing taxation liabilities in any 
Tax Jurisdiction (as defined in Condition 6 (Taxation)) in respect of any payment of interest 
to be made on the Notes on the occasion of the next payment date due under the Notes or the 
value of such deduction to the Issuer would be materially reduced; or 
(iii) 
the applicable tax treatment of the Notes would be materially affected, 
provided that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest date 
on which the Issuer (i) would be obliged to pay such additional amounts were a payment in respect of 
the Notes then due, (ii) would no longer be entitled to claim a deduction or the amount of such 
deduction would be materially reduced or (iii) would be obliged to apply the materially affected 
applicable tax treatment.  
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition 5.2, the Issuer shall 
(i) deliver to the Agent to make available at its specified office to the Noteholders a certificate signed 
by two Directors of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and setting 
forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer so to redeem 
have occurred and (ii) use its best efforts to deliver to the Agent to make available at its specified 
office to the Noteholders an opinion of independent legal advisers of recognised standing to the effect 
that the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay such additional amounts as a result of such change 
or amendment and, in the case of Subordinated Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Ordinary 
Senior Notes eligible to comply with MREL Requirements, a copy of the permission of the Regulator 
and/or the Relevant Resolution Authority, to redemption, if and as required therefor under Applicable 
Banking Regulations (including, for the avoidance of doubt, Applicable MREL Regulations). 
Notes redeemed pursuant to this Condition 5.2 will be redeemed at their Early Redemption Amount 
referred to in Condition 5.7 (Early Redemption Amounts) below together (if appropriate) with interest 
accrued to (but excluding) the date of redemption. 
Redemption for taxation reasons in the case of Subordinated Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and 
Ordinary Senior Notes eligible to comply with MREL Requirements, will be subject to the prior 
permission of the Regulator and/or the Relevant Resolution Authority if and as required therefor under 
Applicable Banking Regulations (including, for the avoidance of doubt, Applicable MREL 
Regulations) and may only take place in accordance with Applicable Banking Regulations (including, 
for the avoidance of doubt, Applicable MREL Regulations) in force at the relevant time. 
In these Conditions, a Relevant Resolution Authority means the Fondo de Resolución Ordenada 
Bancaria (FROB), the Single Resolution Board (SRB) established pursuant to the SRM Regulation 
and/or any other authority entitled to exercise or participate in the exercise of any Loss Absorbing 
Power (as defined in Condition 17 (Loss Absorbing Power)) from time to time.  
5.3 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call) 
If Issuer Call is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may, subject in 
the case of Subordinated Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Ordinary Senior Notes eligible to 
comply with MREL Requirements, to compliance with the Applicable Banking Regulations 
(including, for the avoidance of doubt, Applicable MREL Regulations) then in force and subject to the 
prior permission of the Regulator and/or the Relevant Resolution Authority, if and as required therefor 
under Applicable Banking Regulations (including, for the avoidance of doubt, Applicable MREL 
Regulations), having given not less than 15 calendar days' notice to the Noteholders in accordance

--- Page 116 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
116 
 
 
with Condition 13 (Notices) (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for 
redemption), redeem all or some only of the Notes then outstanding on any Optional Redemption Date 
and at the Optional Redemption Amount(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms together, if 
appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the relevant Optional Redemption Date.  Any 
such redemption must be of a nominal amount not less than the Minimum Redemption Amount and 
not more than the Maximum Redemption Amount, in each case as may be specified in the applicable 
Final Terms.  In these Conditions, Optional Redemption Date means any date so specified in the 
applicable Final Terms and/or any date falling in the Optional Redemption Period specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, the first and last days inclusive.  In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, 
the Notes to be redeemed (Redeemed Notes) will: 
(i) 
in the case of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive Notes, be selected individually by lot 
not more than 30 days prior to the date fixed for redemption and  
(ii) 
in the case of Redeemed Notes represented by a Global Note, be selected in accordance with 
the rules of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, (to be reflected in the records of 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a reduction in nominal 
amount, at their discretion), in either case, in compliance with applicable law.   
In the case of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive Notes, a list of the serial numbers of such 
Redeemed Notes will be published in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices) not less than 15 days 
prior to the date fixed for redemption. 
The applicable Final Terms contains provisions applicable to any Issuer Call and must be read in 
conjunction with this Condition 5.3 for full information on any Issuer Call.  In particular, the applicable 
Final Terms will identify the Optional Redemption Date(s), the Optional Redemption Amount, any 
minimum or maximum amount of Notes which can be redeemed and the applicable notice periods. 
This Condition 5.3 applies to Notes which are subject to redemption prior to the Maturity Date at the 
option of the Issuer (other than under any of Conditions 5.2 (Redemption for tax reasons), 5.4 
(Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Capital Event): Tier 2 Subordinated Notes), or 5.5 
(Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Eligible Liabilities Event): Subordinated Notes or Senior 
Notes)), such option being referred to as an Issuer Call. 
In particular, redemption of Tier 2 Subordinated Notes at the option of the Issuer will only take place 
after five years from their date of issuance or any different minimum period permitted under 
Applicable Banking Regulations. 
5.4 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Capital Event): Tier 2 Subordinated Notes 
If the Notes are Tier 2 Subordinated Notes and Capital Event is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, then upon the occurrence of a Capital Event as a result of a change (or any pending 
change which the Regulator considers sufficiently certain) in Spanish law, Applicable Banking 
Regulations or of any change in the official application or interpretation thereof becoming effective 
on or after the Issue Date of the first Tranche of Notes (including as a result of the implementation or 
applicability in Spain on or after the Issue Date of the EU Banking Reforms (as defined below)), the 
Tier 2 Subordinated Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part, subject 
to such redemption being permitted by the Applicable Banking Regulations then in force, and may 
only take place in accordance with Applicable Banking Regulations in force at the relevant time and 
subject to the prior permission of the Regulator, if and as required pursuant to such regulations, at any 
time, on giving not less than 15 nor more than 60 calendar days' notice to the Principal Paying Agent 
and, in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices), the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable 
and shall specify the date fixed for redemption).

--- Page 117 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
117 
 
 
Tier 2 Subordinated Notes redeemed pursuant to this Condition 5.4 will be redeemed at their Early 
Redemption Amount referred to in Condition 5.7 (Early Redemption Amounts) below together (if 
appropriate) with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of redemption. 
In the Conditions, Capital Event means the determination by the Issuer after consultation with the 
Regulator that all or part of the outstanding nominal amount of the Tier 2 Subordinated Notes is not 
or would likely not be eligible for inclusion in the Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer and/or Group (but, in 
the case of partial ineligibility, only if early redemption of the Tier 2 Subordinated Notes in such 
circumstances is permitted under then Applicable Banking Regulations) pursuant to then Applicable 
Banking Regulations (other than as a result of any applicable limitation on the amount of such capital 
as applicable to the Issuer). 
5.5 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Eligible Liabilities Event): Subordinated Notes or Senior 
Notes  
If the Notes are Subordinated Notes or Senior Notes and Eligible Liabilities Event is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, then upon the occurrence of an Eligible Liabilities Event as 
a result of a change (or any pending change which the competent authority considers sufficiently 
certain) in Spanish law or Applicable Banking Regulations (including, for the avoidance of doubt, 
Applicable MREL Regulations) or of any change in the official application or interpretation thereof 
becoming effective on or after the Issue Date, the relevant Senior Notes or Subordinated Notes, as 
applicable, may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part, subject to such 
redemption being permitted by the Applicable Banking Regulations (including, for the avoidance of 
doubt, Applicable MREL Regulations) then in force, and may only take place in accordance with 
Applicable Banking Regulations (including, for the avoidance of doubt, Applicable MREL 
Regulations) in force at the relevant time and subject to the permission of the Regulator and/or the 
Relevant Resolution Authority, if and as required pursuant to such regulations, at any time, on giving 
not less than 15 nor more than 60 calendar days' notice to the Principal Paying Agent and, in 
accordance with Condition 13 (Notices), the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall 
specify the date fixed for redemption).  
Tier 2 Subordinated Notes where the Eligible Liabilities Event has been specified as applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms may be redeemed pursuant to an Eligible Liabilities Event only after five years 
from their date of issuance or such other minimum period permitted under Applicable Banking 
Regulations (including, for the avoidance of doubt, Applicable MREL Regulations). 
Senior Notes and Subordinated Notes redeemed pursuant to this Condition 5.5 will be redeemed at 
their Early Redemption Amount referred to in Condition 5.7 (Early Redemption Amounts) together (if 
appropriate) with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of redemption. 
In the Conditions, Eligible Liabilities Event means:  
(a) 
in respect of Ordinary Senior Notes eligible to comply with MREL Requirements, the 
determination by the Issuer after consultation with the Regulator and/or the Relevant 
Resolution Authority, that all or part of the outstanding principal amount of such Notes will 
not at any time prior to the Maturity Date fully qualify as MREL-Eligible Senior Preferred 
Instruments of the Issuer and/or the Group, except where the non-qualification as MREL 
Eligible Senior Preferred Instruments is due: 
(i) 
solely to the remaining maturity of such Notes (or effective remaining maturity where 
the Notes, for example, are subject to an Investor Put) being less than any period 
prescribed by any applicable eligibility criteria under Applicable Banking Regulations 
(including, for the avoidance of doubt, Applicable MREL Regulations) (or any other 
regulations applicable in Spain) as at the Issue Date; or

--- Page 118 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
118 
 
 
(ii) 
to the relevant Notes being bought back by or on behalf of the Issuer; or 
(iii) 
to a subordination requirement being applied by the Relevant Resolution Authority 
for such Notes to be eligible to comply with MREL Requirements; or 
(iv) 
there being insufficient headroom for such Notes to qualify as Eligible Liabilities 
within prescribed limits established by Applicable Banking Regulations (including, 
for the avoidance of doubt, Applicable MREL Regulations) (or any other regulations 
applicable in Spain);  
(b) 
in respect of Senior Non-Preferred Notes, the determination by the Issuer after consultation 
with the Regulator and/or the Relevant Resolution Authority, that all or part of the outstanding 
principal amount of such Notes will not at any time prior to the Maturity Date fully qualify as 
MREL-Eligible Senior Non-Preferred Instruments of the Issuer and/or the Group, except 
where the non-qualification as MREL-Eligible Senior Non-Preferred Instruments is due:  
(i) 
solely to the remaining maturity of such Notes (or effective remaining maturity where 
the Notes, for example, are subject to an Investor Put) being less than any period 
prescribed by any applicable eligibility criteria under Applicable Banking Regulations 
(including, for the avoidance of doubt, Applicable MREL Regulations) (or any other 
regulations applicable in Spain) as at the Issue Date; or  
(ii) 
to the relevant Notes being bought back by or on behalf of the Issuer; and 
(c) 
in respect of Subordinated Notes, the determination by the Issuer after consultation with the 
Regulator and/or the Relevant Resolution Authority, that all or part of the outstanding 
principal amount of such Notes will not at any time prior to the Maturity Date fully qualify to 
comply with MREL Requirements of the Issuer and/or the Group, except where the non-
qualification is due:  
(i) 
solely to the remaining maturity of such Notes (or effective remaining maturity where 
the Notes, for example, are subject to an Investor Put) being less than any period 
prescribed by any applicable eligibility criteria under Applicable Banking Regulations 
(including, for the avoidance of doubt, Applicable MREL Regulations) (or any other 
regulations applicable in Spain) as at the Issue Date; or  
(ii) 
to the relevant Notes being bought back by or on behalf of the Issuer. 
An Eligible Liabilities Event shall, without limitation, be deemed to have occurred where such 
ineligibility for inclusion of Ordinary Senior Notes eligible to comply with MREL Requirements and 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes in the Eligible Liabilities or for Subordinated Notes to comply with the 
MREL Requirements arises as a result of (a) any Spanish legislation implementing or giving effect to 
the EU Banking Reforms differing in any respect from the form of the EU Banking Reforms as adopted 
(including if the EU Banking Reforms are not implemented in full in Spain) or (b) the official 
interpretation or application of the EU Banking Reforms or the EU Banking Reforms as implemented 
in Spain (including any interpretation or pronouncement by any relevant court, tribunal or authority) 
differing in any respect from the manner in which the EU Banking Reforms have been reflected in the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes and including, in particular, a determination or interpretation of 
the existence of an embedded derivative against the literal terms of the last paragraph of Article 72a.2 
of CRR.  
Applicable MREL Regulations means at any time the laws, regulations, requirements, guidelines 
and policies giving effect to the MREL including, without limitation to the generality of the foregoing, 
CRD 4, the BRRD and those laws, regulations, requirements, guidelines and policies giving effect to

--- Page 119 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
119 
 
 
the MREL, in each case to the extent then in effect in Spain (whether or not such requirements, 
guidelines or policies have the force of law and whether or not they are applied generally or specifically 
to the Issuer and/or the Group) (in all cases, as amended from time to time). 
BRRD 2 means Directive (EU) 2019/879 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 
2019 amending Directive 2014/59/EU as regards the loss-absorbing and recapitalisation capacity of 
credit institutions and investment firms and Directive 98/26/EC. 
CRD 5 Directive means Directive (EU) 2019/878 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 
20 May 2019 amending Directive 2013/36/EU as regards exempted entities, financial holding 
companies, mixed financial holding companies, remuneration, supervisory measures and powers and 
capital conservation measures. 
CRR 2 means Regulation (EU) 2019/876 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 
2019 amending Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 as regards the leverage ratio, the net stable funding 
ratio, requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities, counterparty credit risk, market risk, 
exposures to central counterparties, exposures to collective investment undertakings, large exposures, 
reporting and disclosure requirements, and Regulation (EU) No 648/2012. 
EU Banking Reforms means the CRD 5 Directive, BRRD 2, CRR 2 and the SRM Regulation 2.  
MREL means the "minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities" for credit institutions 
under the BRRD, set in accordance with Article 45 et seq. of the BRRD (as transposed in Spain), the 
CRR, Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/1450 of 23 May 2016, supplementing Directive 
2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council with regard to regulatory technical 
standards specifying the criteria relating to the methodology for setting the minimum requirement for 
own funds and Eligible Liabilities, or any successor requirement under EU legislation and relevant 
implementing legislation and regulation in Spain. 
MREL-Eligible Senior Preferred Instrument means an instrument included in the Eligible 
Liabilities which are available to meet the MREL Requirements for the purposes of the Applicable 
MREL Regulations where such instrument ranks pari passu with the Senior Preferred Obligations of 
the Issuer.  
MREL-Eligible Senior Non-Preferred Instrument means an instrument included in the Eligible 
Liabilities which are available to meet the MREL Requirements for the purposes of the Applicable 
MREL Regulations where such instrument ranks pari passu with the Senior Non-Preferred 
Obligations of the Issuer.  
MREL Requirements means the minimum requirement for own funds and Eligible Liabilities 
applicable to the Issuer and/or the Group under Applicable MREL Regulations. 
SRM Regulation 2 means Regulation (EU) 2019/877 of the European Parliament and of the Council 
of 20 May 2019 amending Regulation (EU) No 806/2014 as regards the loss-absorbing and 
recapitalisation capacity of credit institutions and investment firms. 
5.6 
Redemption at the option of the Noteholders (Investor Put) 
This Condition 5.6 applies to Senior Notes and Senior Subordinated Notes, if specified as being 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, and if allowed under the Applicable Banking Regulations 
(including, for the avoidance of doubt, Applicable MREL Regulations), which are subject to 
redemption prior to the Maturity Date at the option of the Noteholder, such option being referred to as 
an Investor Put.  The applicable Final Terms contains provisions applicable to any Investor Put and 
must be read in conjunction with this Condition 5.6 for full information on any Investor Put.  In

--- Page 120 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
120 
 
 
particular, the applicable Final Terms will identify the Optional Redemption Date(s), the Optional 
Redemption Amount and the applicable notice periods. 
If Investor Put is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, upon the holder of any 
Note giving to the Issuer in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices) not less than 30 nor more than 60 
calendar days (or such other period(s) as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms), the Issuer 
will, upon the expiry of such notice, redeem such Note on the Optional Redemption Date and at the 
Optional Redemption Amount together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the 
Optional Redemption Date.  No such redemption option will be applicable to any Tier 2 Subordinated 
Notes, unless as permitted under Applicable Banking Regulations. 
To exercise the right to require redemption of this Note the holder of this Note must, if this Note is in 
definitive form and held outside Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, deliver, at the specified 
office of any Paying Agent at any time during normal business hours of such Paying Agent falling 
within the notice period, a duly completed and signed notice of exercise in the form (for the time being 
current) obtainable from any specified office of any Paying Agent (a Put Notice) and in which the 
holder must specify a bank account to which payment is to be made under this Condition 5.6 
accompanied by this Note or evidence satisfactory to the Paying Agent concerned that this Note will, 
following delivery of the Put Notice, be held to its order or under its control.  If this Note is represented 
by a Global Note or is in definitive form and held through Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, to 
exercise the right to require redemption of this Note the holder of this Note must, within the notice 
period, give notice to the Agent of such exercise in accordance with the standard procedures of 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (which may include notice being given on his instruction by 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any common depositary or common safekeeper, as the case 
may be, for them to the Agent by electronic means) in a form acceptable to Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg from time to time. 
Any Put Notice or other notice given in accordance with the standard procedures of Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg given by a holder of any Note pursuant to this Condition 5.6 shall be 
irrevocable except where, prior to the due date of redemption, an Event of Default has occurred and is 
continuing, in which event such holder, at its option, may elect by notice to the Issuer to withdraw the 
notice given pursuant to this Condition 5.6 and instead to declare such Note forthwith due and payable 
pursuant to Condition 8 (Events of Default). 
5.7 
Early Redemption Amounts 
For the purpose of Conditions 5.2 (Redemption for tax reasons), 5.4 (Redemption at the option of the 
Issuer (Capital Event): Tier 2 Subordinated Notes) and 5.5 (Redemption at the option of the Issuer 
(Eligible Liabilities Event): Subordinated Notes or Senior Notes) above and Condition 8 (Events of 
Default) each Note will be redeemed at its Early Redemption Amount as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
5.8 
Purchases 
The Issuer or any Subsidiary of the Issuer may purchase Notes (provided that, in the case of definitive 
Notes, all unmatured Coupons and Talons appertaining thereto are purchased therewith) at any price 
in the open market or otherwise.  Such Notes may be held, reissued, resold or, at the option of the 
Issuer, surrendered to any Paying Agent for cancellation. 
In the case of Subordinated Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Ordinary Senior Notes eligible to 
comply with MREL Requirements, the purchase of the relevant Notes by the Issuer or any of its 
Subsidiaries shall take place in accordance with Applicable Banking Regulations (including, for the 
avoidance of doubt, Applicable MREL Regulations) in force at the relevant time and will be subject 
to the prior permission of the Regulator and/or the Relevant Resolution Authority, if and as required

--- Page 121 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
121 
 
 
therefor under Applicable Banking Regulations (including, for the avoidance of doubt, Applicable 
MREL Regulations). 
5.9 
Cancellation 
All Notes which are redeemed will forthwith be cancelled (together with all unmatured Coupons and 
Talons attached thereto or surrendered therewith at the time of redemption).  All Notes so cancelled 
and any Notes purchased and cancelled pursuant to Condition 5.8 (Purchases) above (together with 
all unmatured Coupons and Talons cancelled therewith) shall be forwarded to the Agent and cannot 
be reissued or resold. 
6. 
TAXATION 
6.1 
Taxation in respect of Ordinary Senior Notes 
All payments in respect of Ordinary Senior Notes (and their respective Coupons) by or on behalf of 
the Issuer will be made without withholding or deduction for or on account of any present or future 
taxes or duties of whatever nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of any Tax Jurisdiction unless 
such withholding or deduction is required by law.  In such event, the Issuer will pay such additional 
amounts in respect of interest and, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, principal (and premium, 
if any), as shall be necessary in order that the net amounts received by the holders of Ordinary Senior 
Notes, or their respective Couponholders after such withholding or deduction shall equal the respective 
amounts which would otherwise have been receivable in respect of Ordinary Senior Notes or their 
Coupons, as the case may be, in the absence of such withholding or deduction; except that no such 
additional amounts shall be payable with respect to any Ordinary Senior Notes or their Coupons: 
(a) 
presented for payment in Spain; or 
(b) 
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a holder who is liable for such taxes or duties in respect of 
such Ordinary Senior Note or Coupon by reason of his having some connection with a Tax 
Jurisdiction other than the mere holding of such Ordinary Senior Note or Coupon; or 
(c) 
presented for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date (as defined below) except to 
the extent that the holder thereof would have been entitled to an additional amount on 
presenting the same for payment on such thirtieth day assuming that day to have been a 
Payment Day (as defined in Condition 4.5 (Payment Day)); or 
(d) 
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a Spanish-resident legal entity subject to Spanish 
Corporation Income Tax if the Spanish Tax Authorities determine that the Ordinary Senior 
Notes do not comply with applicable exemption requirements including those specified in the 
Reply to a Non-Binding Consultation of the Directorate General for Taxation (Dirección 
General de Tributos) dated 27 July 2004 and require a withholding to be made; or 
(e) 
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a holder in respect of whom the Issuer does not receive 
such information concerning the identity and tax residence of the holder of the Ordinary Senior 
Notes as may be required in order to comply with the procedures that may be implemented to 
comply with the interpretation of Royal Decree 1065/2007 eventually made by the Spanish 
Tax Authorities. 
6.2 
Taxation in respect of the Senior Non-Preferred and Subordinated Notes 
All payments in respect of the Senior Non-Preferred and Subordinated Notes and Coupons by or on 
behalf of the Issuer will be made without withholding or deduction for or on account of any present or 
future taxes or duties of whatever nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of any Tax Jurisdiction

--- Page 122 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
122 
 
 
unless such withholding or deduction is required by law.  In such event, the Issuer will pay such 
additional amounts in respect of interest (but not in respect of payments of principal or any premium) 
as shall be necessary in order that the net amounts received by the Senior Non-Preferred and 
Subordinated Noteholders or Couponholders after such withholding or deduction shall equal the 
amount of interest which would otherwise have been receivable in respect of the Senior Non-Preferred 
and Subordinated Notes or their respective Coupons, as the case may be, in the absence of such 
withholding or deduction; except that no such additional amounts shall be payable with respect to any 
Senior Non-Preferred and Subordinated Notes or their respective Coupons: 
(a) 
presented for payment in Spain; or 
(b) 
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a holder who is liable for such taxes or duties in respect of 
such Senior Non-Preferred and Subordinated Note or Coupon by reason of his having some 
connection with a Tax Jurisdiction other than the mere holding of such Senior Non-Preferred 
and Subordinated Note or Coupon; or 
(c) 
presented for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date (as defined below) except to 
the extent that the holder thereof would have been entitled to an additional amount on 
presenting the same for payment on such thirtieth day assuming that day to have been a 
Payment Day (as defined in Condition 4.5 (Payment Day)); or 
(d) 
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a Spanish-resident legal entity subject to Spanish 
Corporation Income Tax if the Spanish Tax Authorities determine that the Senior Non-
Preferred and Subordinated Notes do not comply with applicable exemption requirements 
including those specified in the Reply to a Non-Binding Consultation of the Directorate 
General for Taxation (Dirección General de Tributos) dated 27 July 2004 and require a 
withholding to be made; or 
(e) 
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a holder in respect of whom the Issuer does not receive 
such information concerning such Senior Non-Preferred and Subordinated Noteholder's 
identity and tax residence as may be required in order to comply with the procedures that may 
be implemented to comply with the interpretation of Royal Decree 1065/2007 eventually 
made by the Spanish Tax Authorities. 
As used herein: 
Tax Jurisdiction means Spain or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having 
power to tax; and 
Relevant Date means the date on which such payment first becomes due, except that, if the full 
amount of the moneys payable has not been duly received by the Agent on or prior to such due date, 
it means the date on which, the full amount of such moneys having been so received, notice to that 
effect is duly given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices). 
See "Taxation – Spain – Simplified information procedures" for a fuller description of certain tax 
considerations relating to the Notes, the formalities which must be followed in order to claim 
exemption from withholding tax and for a description of certain disclosure requirements imposed on 
the Issuer. 
7. 
PRESCRIPTION 
The Notes and Coupons will become void unless claims in respect of principal and/or interest are made 
within a period of 10 years (in the case of principal) and five years (in the case of interest) after the 
Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 6 (Taxation) therefor.

--- Page 123 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
123 
 
 
There shall not be included in any Coupon sheet issued on exchange of a Talon any Coupon the claim 
for payment in respect of which would be void pursuant to this Condition 7 or Condition 4.2 
(Presentation of definitive Notes and Coupons) or any Talon which would be void pursuant to 
Condition 4.2 (Presentation of definitive Notes and Coupons). 
8. 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT 
8.1 
Events of Default relating to the Notes 
If: 
(a) 
any order is made by any competent court or resolution passed for the winding-up or 
liquidation of the Issuer; or 
(b) 
so specified in the Final Terms, any Additional Event of Default (as defined in Condition 8.2 
(Additional Events of Default relating to Ordinary Senior Notes)) occurs and is continuing, 
(each an Event of Default), then any Noteholder of the relevant Series in respect of such Notes may, 
by written notice to the Issuer, declare that such Notes or Note (as the case may be) and all interest 
then accrued but unpaid on such Notes or Note (as the case may be) shall be forthwith due and payable, 
whereupon the relevant Notes shall, when permitted by applicable Spanish law, become immediately 
due and payable at their Early Redemption Amount together with all accrued interest thereon without 
presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, all of which the Issuer will expressly waive, 
anything contained in such Notes to the contrary.  
Except as contemplated under Condition 8.1(a) above and unless it is specified in the Final Terms that 
Additional Events of Default apply, each Noteholder and Couponholder (which for these purposes 
includes each holder of a beneficial interest in the Notes or the Coupons) will under no circumstances 
be entitled to declare any Notes due and payable, it being therefore understood that the non 
performance by the Issuer of its obligations under the Notes will not constitute an Event of Default. 
8.2 
Additional Events of Default relating to Ordinary Senior Notes 
(a) 
This Condition 8.2(a) only applies to Ordinary Senior Notes, in addition to Condition 8.1, if so 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable to the Ordinary Senior Notes and references 
to “Notes” shall be construed accordingly. 
If this Condition 8.2(a) applies, each of the following events shall be an Additional Event of Default: 
(i) 
Non-payment: the Issuer fails to pay any amount of principal in respect of the Notes within 
14 days of the due date for payment thereof or fails to pay any amount of interest in respect 
of the Notes within 21 days of the due date for payment thereof; or 
(ii) 
Breach of other obligations: the Issuer defaults in the performance or observance of any of 
its other obligations under or in respect of the Notes or, as the case may be, the Agency 
Agreement, as the case may be, the Deed of Covenant and such default remains unremedied 
for 30 days or after written notice thereof, addressed to the Issuer by any Noteholder, has been 
delivered to the Issuer; or 
(iii) 
Cross-default of Issuer or Relevant Subsidiary: 
(A) 
any Indebtedness for Borrowed Money of the Issuer or any of its Relevant 
Subsidiaries is not paid when due or (as the case may be) within any originally 
applicable grace period; or

--- Page 124 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
124 
 
 
(B) 
any such Indebtedness for Borrowed Money becomes due and payable prior to its 
stated maturity otherwise than at the option of the Issuer or (as the case may be) the 
Relevant Subsidiaries or (provided that no event of default, howsoever described, has 
occurred) any person entitled to such Indebtedness for Borrowed Money, 
provided that the amount of Indebtedness for Borrowed Money referred to in sub-paragraph 
(A) and/or sub-paragraph (B) above individually or in the aggregate exceeds EUR 50,000,000 
(or its equivalent in any other currency or currencies); 
(iv) 
Unsatisfied judgment: one or more final judgment(s) or order(s) for the payment of any 
amount which individually or in the aggregate exceeds EUR 50,000,000 (or its equivalent in 
any other currency or currencies) is rendered against the Issuer or any of its Relevant 
Subsidiaries and continue(s) unsatisfied and unstayed for a period of 30 days after the date(s) 
thereof or, if later, the date therein specified for payment; or 
(v) 
Security enforced: any Security Interest created or assumed by the Issuer or any of its 
Relevant Subsidiaries becomes enforceable and any steps are taken to enforce it (including 
the taking of possession or the appointment of a receiver, administrative receiver, manager or 
other similar person) provided that the Indebtedness for Borrowed Money to which such 
Security Interest relates either individually or in the aggregate exceeds EUR 50,000,000 (or 
its equivalent in any other currency or currencies); or 
(vi) 
Cessation of business: the Issuer (or any of its Relevant Subsidiaries) ceases or threatens to 
cease to carry on the whole or a substantial part of its business (except in any such case for 
the purpose of a Permitted Reorganisation) or the Issuer (or any of its Relevant Subsidiaries) 
stops or threatens to stop payment of, or is unable to, or admits inability to, pay, its debts (or 
any class thereof) as they fall due, or is deemed unable to pay its debts pursuant to or for the 
purposes of any applicable law, or is adjudicated or found bankrupt or insolvent; or 
(vii) 
Insolvency proceedings: (i)(A) in respect of the Issuer, an order is made by any competent 
court commencing insolvency proceedings (procedimientos concursales) against it, and in 
respect of any of the Issuer's Relevant Subsidiaries, proceedings are initiated against any such 
Relevant Subsidiary under any applicable liquidation, insolvency, composition, 
reorganisation or other similar laws (except in any such case for the purpose of a Permitted 
Reorganisation); or (B) an application made for the appointment of an administrative or other 
receiver, manager, administrator or other similar official, or an administrative or other 
receiver, manager, administrator or other similar official is appointed, in relation to the Issuer 
(or any of its Relevant Subsidiaries) or in relation to the whole or any substantial part of the 
undertaking or assets of any of them; or (C) an encumbrance takes possession of the whole or 
any substantial part of the undertaking or assets of the Issuer (or any of its Relevant 
Subsidiaries); or (D) a distress, execution, attachment, sequestration or other process is levied, 
enforced upon, sued out or put in force against the whole or any substantial part of the 
undertaking or assets of the Issuer (or any of its Relevant Subsidiaries); and (ii) in any case is 
or are not discharged within 30 days; or 
(viii) 
Arrangements with creditors: the Issuer (or any of its Relevant Subsidiaries) initiates or 
consents to judicial proceedings relating to itself under any applicable liquidation, insolvency, 
composition, reorganisation or other similar laws or makes a conveyance or assignment for 
the benefit of, or enters into any composition or other arrangement with, its creditors generally 
(or any class of its creditors); or  
(ix) 
Failure to take action etc.: any action, condition or thing at any time required to be taken, 
fulfilled or done in order (i) to enable the Issuer lawfully to enter into, exercise its rights and 
perform and comply with its obligations under and in respect of the Notes and the Deed of

--- Page 125 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
125 
 
 
Covenant, (ii) to ensure that those obligations are legal, valid, binding and enforceable and 
(iii) to make the Notes and the Coupons admissible in evidence in the courts of Spain or 
England is not taken, fulfilled or done; or  
(x) 
Unlawfulness: it is or will become unlawful for the Issuer to perform or comply with any of 
its obligations under or in respect of the Notes or the Deed of Covenant. 
(b) 
For the purpose of this Condition 8:  
Indebtedness for Borrowed Money means any money borrowed, liabilities in respect of any 
acceptance credit, note or bill discounting facility, liabilities under any bonds, notes, debentures, loan 
stocks, securities or other indebtedness by way of loan capital. 
Permitted Reorganisation means: 
(a) 
with respect to the Issuer, a reconstruction, merger or amalgamation (i) which has been 
approved by an Extraordinary Resolution at a meeting of Noteholders; or (ii) where the entity 
resulting from any such reconstruction, merger or amalgamation is (A) a financial institution 
(entidad de crédito) under Article 1 of Law 10/2014 (or any other law or regulation which 
may replace it in the future), as amended and restated and (B) has a rating for long-term senior 
debt assigned by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited, Moody's Investors Service España, 
S.A., Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited or DBRS Ratings GmbH equivalent to or higher than the 
rating for long-term senior debt of the Issuer immediately prior to such reconstruction, merger 
or amalgamation; and  
(b) 
with respect to a Relevant Subsidiary, a reconstruction, merger or amalgamation (i) which has 
been approved by an Extraordinary Resolution at a meeting of Noteholders; or (ii) is on a 
solvent basis. 
When related to a Relevant Subsidiary, an Event of Default shall only be considered as such when the 
creditworthiness of the Issuer is materially weaker immediately after the occurrence of such event, 
where: materially weaker shall mean that two of the four Rating Agencies modify at least by three 
lower notches the rating previously applied to the Issuer; and Rating Agencies shall mean S&P Global 
Ratings Europe Limited, Moody's Investors Service España, S.A., Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited and 
DBRS Ratings GmbH. 
Relevant Subsidiary means, at any particular time, any Subsidiary of the Issuer: 
(a) 
whose net assets represent not less than 10 per cent. of the net consolidated assets of the Group 
as calculated by reference to the then latest audited accounts (or consolidated accounts as the 
case may be) of such Subsidiary and the most recently published audited consolidated 
accounts of the Issuer; or 
(b) 
whose gross revenues represent not less than 10 per cent. of the gross consolidated revenues 
of the Group, all as calculated by reference to the then latest audited accounts (or consolidated 
accounts as the case may be) of such Subsidiary and the then latest audited consolidated 
accounts of the Issuer. 
For the purposes of this definition: 
(i) 
if there shall not at any time be any relevant audited consolidated accounts of the Issuer, 
references thereto herein shall be deemed to be references to a consolidation (which need not 
be audited) by the Issuer of the relevant audited accounts of the Issuer and its Subsidiaries;

--- Page 126 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
126 
 
 
(ii) 
if, in the case of a Subsidiary which itself has Subsidiaries, no consolidated accounts are 
prepared and audited, its consolidated net assets and consolidated gross revenues shall be 
determined on the basis of pro forma consolidated accounts (which need not be audited) of 
the relevant Subsidiary and its Subsidiaries prepared for this purpose by the Issuer; 
(iii) 
if (A) any Subsidiary shall not in respect of any relevant financial period for whatever reason 
produce audited accounts or (B) any Subsidiary shall not have produced at the relevant time 
for the calculations required pursuant to this definition audited accounts for the same period 
as the period to which the latest audited consolidated accounts of the Issuer relate, then there 
shall be substituted for the purposes of this definition the management accounts of such 
Subsidiary for such period; 
(iv) 
where any Subsidiary is not wholly owned by the Issuer there shall be excluded from all 
calculations all amounts attributable to minority interests; 
(v) 
in calculating any amount all amounts owing by or to the Issuer and any Subsidiary to or by 
the Issuer and any Subsidiary shall be excluded; and 
(vi) 
in the event that accounts of any companies being compared are prepared on the basis of 
different generally accepted accounting principles, there shall be made such adjustments to 
any relevant financial items as are necessary to achieve a true and fair comparison of such 
financial items. 
8.3 
Green, Social or Sustainability Notes 
In the case of any Notes where the "Reasons for the Offer" in Part B of the applicable Final Terms are 
stated to be for "green", "social" or "sustainability" projects as described in the "Use of Proceeds" 
section (the Green, Social or Sustainability Notes Use of Proceeds Disclosure and the Green, 
Social or Sustainability Notes, as appropriate), no Event of Default shall occur or other claim against 
the Issuer or right of a holder of, or obligation or liability of the Issuer in respect of, such Green, Social 
or Sustainability Notes arise as a result of the net proceeds of such Green, Social or Sustainability 
Notes not being used, any report, assessment, opinion or certification not being obtained or published, 
or any other step or action not being taken, in each case as set out and described in the Green, Social 
or Sustainability Notes Use of Proceeds Disclosure. 
9. 
WAIVER OF SET-OFF 
No Noteholder may at any time exercise or claim any or all rights of or claims of any Noteholder for 
deduction, set-off, netting, compensation, retention or counterclaim arising directly or indirectly under 
or in connection with any Note (the Waived Set-Off Rights) against any right, claim, or liability the 
Issuer has or may have or acquire against such Noteholder, directly or indirectly, howsoever arising 
(and, for the avoidance of doubt, including all such rights, claims and liabilities arising under or in 
relation to any and all agreements or other instruments of any sort, whether or not relating to such 
Note) and each Noteholder shall be deemed to have waived all Waived Set-Off Rights to the fullest 
extent permitted by applicable law in relation to all such actual and potential rights, claims and 
liabilities.  Notwithstanding the preceding sentence, if any of the amounts owing to any Noteholder 
by the Issuer in respect of, or arising under or in connection with the Notes is discharged by set-off, 
such Noteholder shall, subject to applicable law, immediately pay an amount equal to the amount of 
such discharge to the Issuer and, until such time as payment is made, shall hold an amount equal to 
such amount in trust for the Issuer and accordingly any such discharge shall be deemed not to have 
taken place.

--- Page 127 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
127 
 
 
For the avoidance of doubt, nothing in this Condition 9 is intended to provide, or shall be construed 
as acknowledging, any right of deduction, set-off, netting, compensation, retention or counterclaim or 
that any such right is or would be available to any Noteholder of any Note but for this Condition 9. 
10. 
REPLACEMENT OF NOTES, COUPONS AND TALONS 
Should any Note, Coupon or Talon be lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced 
at the specified office of the Agent upon payment by the claimant of such costs and expenses as may 
be incurred in connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence and indemnity as the Issuer may 
reasonably require and in accordance with applicable law.  Mutilated or defaced Notes, Coupons or 
Talons must be surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
11. 
PAYING AGENTS 
The names of the initial Paying Agents and their initial specified offices are set out below.  If any 
additional Paying Agents are appointed in connection with any Series, the names of such Paying 
Agents will be specified in Part B of the applicable Final Terms. 
The Issuer is entitled to vary or terminate the appointment of any Paying Agent and/or appoint 
additional or other Paying Agents and/or approve any change in the specified office through which 
any Paying Agent acts, provided that: 
(a) 
there will at all times be an Agent; 
(b) 
so long as the Notes are listed on any stock exchange or admitted to listing by any other 
relevant authority, there will at all times be a Paying Agent with a specified office in such 
place as may be required by the rules and regulations of the relevant stock exchange or other 
relevant authority; and 
(c) 
there will at all times be a Paying Agent in a jurisdiction within Europe, other than the 
jurisdiction in which the Issuer is incorporated. 
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent having a specified office in New York 
City in the circumstances described in Condition 4.4 (General provisions applicable to payments).  
Notice of any variation, termination, appointment or change in Paying Agents will be given to the 
Noteholders promptly by the Issuer in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices).  
In acting under the Agency Agreement, the Paying Agents act solely as agents of the Issuer and do not 
assume any obligation to, or relationship of agency or trust with, any Noteholders or Couponholders.  
The Agency Agreement contains provisions permitting any entity into which any Paying Agent is 
merged or converted or with which it is consolidated or to which it transfers all or substantially all of 
its assets to become the successor paying agent. 
12. 
EXCHANGE OF TALONS 
On and after the Interest Payment Date on which the final Coupon comprised in any Coupon sheet 
matures, the Talon (if any) forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the specified 
office of the Agent or any other Paying Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet including (if 
such further Coupon sheet does not include Coupons to (and including) the final date for the payment 
of interest due in respect of the Note to which it appertains) a further Talon, subject to the provisions 
of Condition 7 (Prescription).

--- Page 128 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
128 
 
 
13. 
NOTICES 
All notices regarding the Notes will be deemed to be validly given if published (a) if the rules of the 
exchange on which the Notes are listed so require, in a leading English language daily newspaper of 
general circulation in London (which is expected to be the Financial Times), or (b) if and for so long 
as the Notes are admitted to trading on, and listed on the Official List of Euronext Dublin, on the 
Euronext Dublin's website, www.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin.  The Issuer shall also ensure that 
notices are duly published in a manner which complies with the rules of any stock exchange or other 
relevant authority on which the Notes are for the time being listed or by which they have been admitted 
to trading including publication on the website of the relevant stock exchange or relevant authority if 
required by those rules.  Any such notice will be deemed to have been given on the date of the first 
publication or, where required to be published in more than one newspaper, on the date of the first 
publication in all required newspapers. 
Until such time as any definitive Notes are issued, there may, so long as any Global Notes representing 
the Notes are held in their entirety on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, be 
substituted for such publication in such newspaper(s) or such websites or such mailing the delivery of 
the relevant notice to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg for communication by them to the 
Noteholders and, in addition, for so long as any Notes are listed on a stock exchange or are admitted 
to trading by another relevant authority and the rules of that stock exchange or relevant authority so 
require, such notice will be published on the website of the relevant stock exchange or relevant 
authority and/or in a daily newspaper of general circulation in the place or places required by those 
rules.  Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given to the Noteholders on the second day after 
the day on which the said notice was given to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg.  
Notices to be given by any Noteholder shall be in writing and given by lodging the same, together (in 
the case of any Note in definitive form) with the relative Note or Notes, with the Agent.  Whilst any 
of the Notes are represented by a Global Note, such notice may be given by any holder of a Note to 
the Agent through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, in such manner as 
the Agent and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, may approve for this 
purpose. 
14. 
MEETINGS OF NOTEHOLDERS AND MODIFICATION 
14.1 
Meetings of Noteholders 
The Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings (including by way of conference 
call or by use of a videoconference platform) of the Noteholders to consider any matter affecting their 
interests, including the modification by Extraordinary Resolution of any of these Conditions or any of 
the provisions of the Agency Agreement.  The quorum at any meeting for passing an Extraordinary 
Resolution will be one or more persons present holding or representing more than 50 per cent. in 
nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned such meeting one or 
more persons present whatever the nominal amount of the Notes held or represented by him or them, 
except that at any meeting the business of which includes any matter defined in the Agency Agreement 
as a Basic Terms Modification, including the modification of certain of these Conditions (including 
the date of maturity of the Notes or any date for payment of interest thereon, reducing or cancelling 
the nominal amount or the rate of interest payable in respect of the Notes or altering the currency of 
payment of the Notes), the necessary quorum for passing an Extraordinary Resolution will be one or 
more persons present holding or representing not less than two-thirds, or at any adjourned meeting not 
less than one-third, of the nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding.  The Agency 
Agreement provides that (i) a resolution passed at a meeting duly convened and held in accordance 
with the Agency Agreement by a majority consisting of not less than three-fourths of the votes cast on 
such resolution, (ii) a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of the holders of not less than three-
fourths in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding or (iii) consent given by way

--- Page 129 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
129 
 
 
of electronic consents through the relevant clearing system(s) (in a form satisfactory to the Agent) by 
or on behalf of the holders of not less than three-fourths in nominal amount of the Notes for the time 
being outstanding, shall, in each case, be effective as an Extraordinary Resolution of the Noteholders.  
An Extraordinary Resolution passed by the Noteholders will be binding on all Noteholders, whether 
or not they are present at any meeting and whether or not they voted on the resolution, and on all 
Couponholders. 
14.2 
Modification 
The Agent and the Issuer may agree, without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders, to: 
(a) 
any modification of, the Notes, the Coupons or any of the provisions of the Agency Agreement 
which is of a formal, minor or technical nature or is made to correct a manifest error or to 
comply with mandatory provisions of the law; or  
(b) 
any modification (except a Basic Terms Modification (being a matter in respect of which an 
increased quorum is required as mentioned above)) of the Notes, the Coupons or the Agency 
Agreement which is not prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders. 
Any modification shall be binding on the Noteholders and the Couponholders and, unless the Agent 
agrees otherwise, any modification shall be notified by the Issuer to the Noteholders as soon as 
practicable thereafter in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices). 
15. 
FURTHER ISSUES 
The Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders or the 
Couponholders to create and issue further notes having terms and conditions the same as the Notes or 
the same in all respects save for the amount and date of the first payment of interest thereon and the 
date from which interest starts to accrue and so that the same shall be consolidated and form a single 
Series with the outstanding Notes. 
16. 
SUBSTITUTION OF THE ISSUER 
(a) 
The Issuer (or any previous substitute under this Condition 16) may, with respect to any Series of 
Notes issued by it (the Relevant Notes), without the further consent of the Noteholders but, subject to 
such substitution being in compliance with Applicable Banking Regulations (including, for the 
avoidance of doubt, Applicable MREL Regulations) and subject to the prior permission of the 
Regulator and/or the Relevant Resolution Authority, if and as required therefor under Applicable 
Banking Regulations (including, for the avoidance of doubt, Applicable MREL Regulations), be 
replaced and substituted by any of its wholly owned Subsidiaries as the principal debtor in respect of 
the Notes, Coupons, Talons and the Deed of Covenant (the Substituted Debtor), provided that: 
(i) 
the Issuer is not in default in respect of any amount payable under any of the Relevant Notes;  
(ii) 
the Issuer (or any previous substitute under this Condition 16) and the Substituted Debtor have 
granted or entered into a deed poll and such other documents (the Documents) as are 
necessary to give effect to the substitution and in which the Substituted Debtor has undertaken 
in favour of each Noteholder of the Relevant Notes to be bound by these Conditions and the 
provisions of the Agency Agreement and the Deed of Covenant as the debtor in respect of 
such Notes in place of the Issuer (or of any previous substitute under this Condition 16) and 
pursuant to which the Issuer shall unconditionally and irrevocably guarantee (the New 
Guarantee) in favour of each Noteholder the payment of all sums payable by the Substituted 
Debtor as such principal debtor with the Issuer's obligations under the New Guarantee ranking

--- Page 130 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
130 
 
 
pari passu with the Issuer's obligations under the Notes prior to the substitution becoming 
effective; 
(iii) 
if the Substituted Debtor is resident for tax purposes in a territory (the New Residence) other 
than that in which the Issuer prior to such substitution was resident for tax purposes (the 
Former Residence) the Documents contain an undertaking and/or such other provisions as 
may be necessary to ensure that each Noteholder of the Relevant Notes has the benefit of an 
undertaking in terms corresponding to the provisions of Condition 6 (Taxation), with, where 
applicable, the substitution of references to the Former Residence with references to the New 
Residence.  The Documents also contain a covenant by the Substituted Debtor and the Issuer 
to indemnify and hold harmless each Noteholder against all taxes or duties which arise by 
reason of a law or regulation having legal effect or being in reasonable contemplation thereof 
on the date such substitution becomes effective, which may be incurred or levied against such 
holder as a result of any substitution pursuant to this Condition 16 and which would not have 
been so incurred or levied had such substitution not been made (and, without limiting the 
foregoing, any and all taxes or duties which are imposed on any such Noteholder by any 
political sub-division or taxing authority of any country in which such Noteholder resides or 
is subject to any such tax or duty and which would not have been so imposed had such 
substitution not been made); 
(iv) 
the Documents contain a warranty and representation by the Substituted Debtor and the Issuer 
that the Substituted Debtor and the Issuer have obtained all necessary governmental approvals 
and consents for such substitution and for the giving by the Issuer of the New Guarantee in 
respect of the obligations of the Substituted Debtor and for the performance by each of the 
Substituted Debtor and the Issuer of their respective obligations under the Documents and that 
all such approvals and consents are in full force and effect; 
(v) 
each stock exchange on which the Relevant Notes are listed has confirmed that, following the 
proposed substitution of the Substituted Debtor, the Relevant Notes will continue to be listed 
on such stock exchange (of the Issuer or the Substituted Debtor is otherwise satisfied of the 
same); 
(vi) 
a legal opinion shall have been delivered to the Agent (from whom copies will be available) 
from lawyers of recognised standing in the country of incorporation of the Substituted Debtor 
and the country which laws governs this Programme, confirming, as appropriate, that upon 
the substitution taking place the Notes, Coupons and Talons are legal, valid and binding 
obligations of the Substituted Debtor enforceable in accordance with their terms; 
(vii) 
a legal opinion shall have been delivered to the Agent (from whom copies will be available) 
from lawyers of recognised standing in the country which law governs the Documents that 
upon the substitution taking place the Documents (including the New Guarantee given by the 
Issuer in respect of the Substituted Debtor) constitute legal, valid and binding obligations of 
the Issuer enforceable in accordance with their terms; 
(viii) 
a legal opinion shall have been delivered to the Agent (from whom copies will be available) 
from lawyers of recognised standing in England that upon the substitution taking place the 
Documents (including the New Guarantee given by the Issuer in respect of the Substituted 
Debtor) constitute legal, valid and binding obligations of the parties thereto under English 
law; 
(ix) 
any rating agency which has issued a rating in connection with the Relevant Notes shall have 
confirmed that following the proposed substitution of the Substituted Debtor, the credit rating 
of the Relevant Notes will remain the same or be improved;

--- Page 131 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
131 
 
 
(x) 
if applicable, the Substituted Debtor has appointed a process agent as its agent in England to 
receive service of process on its behalf in relation to any legal proceedings arising out of or in 
connection with the Relevant Notes and any Coupons and the Documents; and 
(xi) 
the substitution complies with all applicable requirements established under the applicable 
laws. 
(b) 
Upon the execution of the Documents and the delivery of the legal opinions, the Substituted Debtor 
shall succeed to, and be substituted for, and may exercise every right and power, of the Issuer (or any 
previous substitute under this Condition 16) under the Relevant Notes and any related Coupons or 
Talons and the Agency Agreement and the Deed of Covenant with the same effect as if the Substituted 
Debtor had been named as the principal debtor in place of the Issuer herein, and the Issuer or any 
previous substitute under these provisions shall, upon the execution of the Documents be released 
from its obligations under the Relevant Notes and any related Coupons or Talons and under the Agency 
Agreement and the Deed of Covenant. 
(c) 
After a substitution pursuant to Condition 16(a) above, the Substituted Debtor may, without the further 
consent of any Noteholder, effect a further substitution.  All the provisions specified in Condition 
16(a) and 16(b) above shall apply, mutatis mutandis, and references in these Conditions to the Issuer 
shall, where the context so requires, be deemed to be or include references to any such further 
Substituted Debtor.  
(d) 
After a substitution pursuant to Condition 16(a) or 16(c) above any Substituted Debtor may, without 
the further consent of any Noteholder, reverse the substitution, mutatis mutandis. 
(e) 
The Documents shall be delivered to, and kept by, the Agent for so long as any Note remains 
outstanding and for so long as any claim made against the Substituted Debtor by any Noteholder in 
relation to the Notes or the Documents shall not have been finally adjudicated or settled or discharged.  
Copies of the Documents will be available free of charge at the specified office of each of the Agents. 
(f) 
Not later than 15 Business Days after the execution of the Documents, the Substituted Debtor shall 
give notice thereof to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices). 
17. 
LOSS ABSORBING POWER 
17.1 
Acknowledgement 
Notwithstanding any other term of the Notes or any other agreement, arrangement or understanding 
between the Issuer and the Noteholders, by its subscription and/or purchase and holding of the Notes, 
each Noteholder (which for the purposes of this Condition 17 includes each holder of a beneficial 
interest in the Notes) acknowledges, accepts, consents and agrees: 
(a) 
to be bound by the effect of the exercise of the Loss Absorbing Power by the Relevant 
Resolution Authority, which may include and result in any of the following, or some 
combination thereof: 
(i) 
the reduction of all, or a portion, of the Amounts Due on a permanent basis; 
(ii) 
the conversion of all, or a portion, of the Amounts Due into shares, other securities or 
other obligations of the Issuer or another person (and the issue to the Noteholder of 
such shares, securities or obligations), including by means of an amendment, 
modification or variation of the terms of the Notes, in which case the Noteholder 
agrees to accept in lieu of its rights under the Notes any such shares, other securities 
or other obligations of the Issuer or another person;

--- Page 132 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
132 
 
 
(iii) 
the cancellation of the Notes or Amounts Due;  
(iv) 
the amendment or alteration of the maturity of the Notes or amendment of the amount 
of interest payable on the Notes, or the date on which the interest becomes payable, 
including by suspending payment for a temporary period; and 
(b) 
that the terms of the Notes are subject to, and may be varied, if necessary, to give effect to, 
the exercise of the Loss Absorbing Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority. 
17.2 
Payment of Interest and Other Outstanding Amounts Due 
No repayment or payment of the Amounts Due will become due and payable or be paid after the 
exercise of the Loss Absorbing Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority if and to the extent such 
amounts have been reduced, converted, cancelled, amended or altered as a result of such exercise. 
17.3 
Notice to Noteholders 
Upon the exercise of any Loss Absorbing Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority with respect to 
the Notes, the Issuer will make available a written notice to the Noteholders as soon as practicable 
regarding such exercise of the Loss Absorbing Power.  The Issuer will also deliver a copy of such 
notice to the Agent for information purposes. No failure or delay by the Issuer to deliver a notice to 
the Noteholders shall affect the validity or enforceability of the exercise of the Loss Absorbing Power. 
17.4 
Duties of the Agents 
Upon the exercise of any Loss Absorbing Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority, (a) the Agent 
shall not be required to take any directions from Noteholders, and (b) the Agency Agreement shall 
impose no duties upon any of the Agents whatsoever, in each case with respect to the exercise of any 
Loss Absorbing Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority. 
17.5 
Proration 
If the Relevant Resolution Authority exercises the Loss Absorbing Power with respect to less than the 
total Amounts Due, unless any of the Paying Agents is otherwise instructed by the Issuer or the 
Relevant Resolution Authority, any cancellation, write-off or conversion made in respect of the Notes 
pursuant to the Loss Absorbing Power will be made on a pro-rata basis.  
17.6 
Condition Exhaustive 
The matters set forth in this Condition 17 shall be exhaustive on the foregoing matters to the exclusion 
of any other agreements, arrangements or understandings between the Issuer and any Noteholder. 
17.7 
No Event of Default 
None of a cancellation of the Notes, a reduction in the Amount Due, the conversion thereof into 
another security or obligation of the Issuer or another person, as a result of the exercise of the Loss 
Absorbing Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority with respect to the Issuer or the exercise of 
the Loss Absorbing Power with respect to the Notes will be an Event of Default or otherwise constitute 
non-performance of a contractual obligation, or entitle the Noteholders to any remedies (including 
equitable remedies) which are hereby expressly waived.

--- Page 133 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
133 
 
 
17.8 
Definitions 
In this Condition 17:  
Amounts Due means the principal amount of or outstanding amount, together with any accrued but 
unpaid interest, and additional amounts, if any, due on the Notes under Condition 6 (Taxation).  
References to such amounts will include amounts that have become due and payable, but which have 
not been paid, prior to the exercise of the Loss Absorbing Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority. 
Loss Absorbing Power means any power existing from time to time under, and exercised in 
compliance with, any laws, regulations, rules or requirements in effect in Spain, relating to (i) the 
transposition of the BRRD (including but not limited to, Law 11/2015, Royal Decree 1012/2015 and 
any other implementing regulations) as amended or superseded from time to time, (ii) Regulation (EU) 
No. 806/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 July 2014, establishing uniform 
rules and a uniform procedure for the resolution of credit institutions and certain investment firms in 
the framework of the Single Resolution Mechanism and the Single Resolution Fund and amending 
Regulation (EU) No. 1093/2010 (as amended or superseded from time to time, including by the SRM 
Regulation 2, the SRM Regulation) and (iii) the instruments, rules and standards created thereunder, 
pursuant to which any obligation of a Regulated Entity (or an affiliate of such Regulated Entity) can 
be reduced, cancelled, suspended, modified, or converted into shares, other securities, or other 
obligations of such Regulated Entity (or affiliate of such Regulated Entity). 
Regulated Entity means any entity to which BRRD, as implemented in Spain (including but not 
limited to, by Law 11/2015, Royal Decree 1012/2015 and any other implementing regulations) and as 
amended or superseded from time to time, or any other Spanish piece of legislation relating to the Loss 
Absorbing Power, applies, which includes, certain credit institutions, investment firms, and certain of 
their parent or holding companies. 
18. 
SUBSTITUTION AND VARIATION 
18.1 
This Condition 18.1 applies to Ordinary Senior Notes eligible to comply with MREL Requirements, 
Subordinated Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes.  
If an Alignment Event or circumstance giving rise to the right of the Issuer to redeem the Ordinary 
Senior Notes eligible to comply with MREL Requirements, Subordinated Notes or Senior Non-
Preferred Notes under Condition 5.2 (Redemption for tax reasons), Condition 5.4 (Redemption at the 
option of the Issuer (Capital Event): Tier 2 Subordinated Notes) or Condition 5.5 (Redemption at the 
option of the Issuer (Eligible Liabilities Event): Subordinated Notes or Senior Notes) occurs and is 
continuing, the Issuer may substitute all (but not some only) of the Notes or vary the terms of all (but 
not some only) of the Notes, without any requirement for the consent or approval of the Noteholders, 
so that they are substituted for, or varied to become or remain, Qualifying Notes, subject to giving not 
less than 15 nor more than 60 calendar days' notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 
13 (Notices) and the Agent (which notice shall be irrevocable and specify the date for substitution or, 
as applicable, variation), and subject to obtaining the prior permission of the Regulator and/or Relevant 
Resolution Authority if and as required therefor under Applicable Banking Regulations (including, for 
the avoidance of doubt, Applicable MREL Regulations) and in accordance with Applicable Banking 
Regulations (including, for the avoidance of doubt, Applicable MREL Regulations) in force at the 
relevant time.  
Any such notice shall specify the relevant details of the manner in which such substitution or variation 
shall take effect and where the Noteholders can inspect or obtain copies of the new terms and 
conditions of the relevant Notes.  Such substitution or variation shall be effected without any cost or 
charge to the Noteholders.

--- Page 134 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
134 
 
 
Noteholders shall, by virtue of subscribing and/or purchasing the relevant Notes, be deemed to accept 
the substitution or variation of the terms of such Notes and to grant the Issuer full power and authority 
to take any action and/or execute and deliver any document in the name and/or on behalf of the 
Noteholder which is necessary or convenient to complete the substitution or variation of the terms of 
the Notes.  
18.2 
In the Conditions: 
An Alignment Event is deemed to have occurred if there is a change in, or amendment to, the 
Applicable MREL Regulations, or any change in the application or interpretation thereof, that results 
in the requirements for Ordinary Senior Notes to qualify as MREL-Eligible Senior Preferred 
Instruments, for Senior Non-Preferred Notes to qualify as MREL-Eligible Senior Non-Preferred 
Instruments and for Subordinated Notes to to comply with MREL Requirements being different in any 
respect from the Conditions, provided that if an event or circumstance which would otherwise 
constitute an Alignment Event also constitutes an Eligible Liabilities Event, it will be treated as an 
Eligible Liabilities Event and will not constitute an Alignment Event.  
Eligible Liabilities means any liability which complies with the requirements set out in Applicable 
MREL Regulations to qualify as eligible liabilities for MREL purposes.  
Qualifying Notes means, at any time, any securities denominated in the Specified Currency and issued 
directly by the Issuer that have terms not otherwise materially less favourable to the Noteholders than 
the terms of the Ordinary Senior Notes eligible to comply with MREL Requirements, the Subordinated 
Notes and the Senior Non-Preferred Notes (as applicable) provided that the Issuer shall have delivered 
a certificate signed by two authorised signatories to that effect to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 13 (Notices) and the Agent not less than five Business Days prior to (x) in the case of a 
substitution of the Notes, the issue date of the relevant securities or (y) in the case of a variation of the 
Notes, the date such variation becomes effective, provided that such securities shall: 
(a) 
(i) in the case of Ordinary Senior Notes eligible to comply with MREL Requirements, contain 
terms that comply with the then current requirements for MREL-Eligible Senior Preferred 
Instruments of the Issuer and/or the Group; (ii) in the case of Senior Non-Preferred Notes, 
contain terms that comply with the then current requirements for MREL-Eligible Senior Non-
Preferred Instruments of the Issuer and/or the Group; (iii) in the case of Senior Subordinated 
Notes contain terms which comply with the then current MREL Requirements, in each case 
as embodied in the Applicable MREL Regulations; and (iv) in the case of Tier 2 Subordinated 
Notes, contain terms which comply with the then current requirements for their inclusion in 
the Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer and/or the Group, as embodied in the Applicable Banking 
Regulations; and 
(b) 
carry the same rate of interest as the Notes prior to the relevant substitution or variation; and 
(c) 
have the same denomination and aggregate outstanding principal amount as the Notes prior to 
the relevant substitution or variation; and 
(d) 
have the same date of maturity and the same dates for payment of interest as the Notes prior 
to the relevant substitution or variation; and 
(e) 
have a ranking which is the same as or higher than the ranking of the Notes set out in the 
applicable Final Terms; and 
(f) 
not, immediately following such substitution or variation, be subject to (i) in the case of Senior 
Notes and Subordinated Notes, an Eligible Liabilities Event or an early redemption right for 
taxation reasons according to Condition 5.2 (Redemption for tax reasons); and (ii) in the case

--- Page 135 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
135 
 
 
of Tier 2 Subordinated Notes, a Capital Event or an early redemption right for taxation reasons 
according to Condition 5.2 (Redemption for tax reasons); and 
(g) 
be listed or admitted to trading on any stock exchange as selected by the Issuer, if Notes were 
listed or admitted to trading on a stock exchange immediately prior to the relevant substitution 
or variation. 
For the avoidance of doubt, (i) any change in the governing law of the Notes from English law to 
Spanish law so that the English Law Notes become again or remain Qualifying Notes shall not be 
subject to the requirement not to be materially less favourable to the interests of the Holders of the 
English Law Notes, and (ii) any variation in the ranking of the relevant Notes as set out in Condition 2 
(Status of the Senior Notes and Subordinated Notes) resulting from any such substitution or 
modification (including, inter alia, through the removal of an Issuer Call) shall be deemed not to be 
materially less favourable to the interests of the Holders of the Notes where the ranking of such Notes 
following such substitution or modification is at least the same ranking as is applicable to such Notes 
as set out in the applicable Final Terms on the issue date of such Notes. 
19. 
CONTRACTS (RIGHTS OF THIRD PARTIES) ACT 1999 
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of this Note under the Contracts 
(Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999, but this does not affect any right or remedy of any person which 
exists or is available apart from that Act. 
20. 
GOVERNING LAW AND SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION 
20.1 
Governing law 
The status of the Notes, the capacity of the Issuer, the relevant corporate resolutions and the provisions 
relating to the exercise and effect of the Loss Absorbing Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority 
and the acknowledgment of the same are governed by Spanish law.  The Agency Agreement, the Deed 
of Covenant, the Notes (save as provided above), the Coupons and any non-contractual obligations 
arising out of or in connection with the Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant, the Notes and the 
Coupons are governed by, and construed in accordance with, English law.  The Notes are issued in 
accordance with the formalities prescribed by Spanish company law. 
20.2 
Submission to jurisdiction 
(a) 
Subject to Condition 20.2(c) and 20.2(d) below, the English courts have exclusive jurisdiction to settle 
any dispute arising out of or in connection with the Notes and/or the Coupons, including any dispute 
as to their existence, validity, interpretation, performance, breach or termination or the consequences 
of their nullity and any dispute relating to any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with the Notes and/or the Coupons (a Dispute) and accordingly each of the Issuer and any 
Noteholders or Couponholders in relation to any Dispute submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the 
English courts. 
(b) 
For the purposes of this Condition 20.2, the Issuer waives any objection to the English courts on the 
grounds that they are an inconvenient or inappropriate forum to settle any Dispute. 
(c) 
Notwithstanding the above, each of the Issuer and any Noteholder submits to the exclusive jurisdiction 
of the Spanish courts, in particular, to the venue of the city of Valencia, in relation to any dispute 
arising out of our in connection with the application of any Loss Absorbing Power by the Relevant 
Resolution Authority (a Bail-in Dispute). Each of the Issuer and any Noteholder in relation to a Bail-
in Dispute further waives any objection to the Spanish courts on the grounds that they are an 
inconvenient or inappropriate forum to settle any Bail-in Dispute.

--- Page 136 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
136 
 
 
(d) 
To the extent allowed by law, the Noteholders and the Couponholders may, in respect of any Dispute 
or Disputes (other than a Bail-in Dispute), take (i) proceedings in any other court with jurisdiction; 
and (ii) concurrent proceedings in any number of jurisdictions. 
20.3 
Appointment of Process Agent 
The Issuer appoints CaixaBank, S.A., United Kingdom Branch at 8th floor, 63 St Mary Axe, London 
EC3A 8AA, as its agent for service of process in any proceedings before the English courts in relation 
to any Dispute, and agrees that, in the event of CaixaBank, S.A., United Kingdom Branch being unable 
or unwilling for any reason so to act, it will immediately appoint another person as its agent for service 
of process in England in respect of any Dispute.  The Issuer agrees that failure by a process agent to 
notify it of any process will not invalidate service. Nothing herein shall affect the right to serve process 
in any other manner permitted by law.

--- Page 137 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
137 
 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SPANISH LAW NOTES 
The following are the Terms and Conditions of the Spanish Law Notes, if so specified in Part A – Contractual 
Terms of the Final Terms, which will be incorporated by reference into each Global Note (as defined below) 
and each definitive Note, in the latter case only if permitted by the relevant stock exchange or other relevant 
authority (if any) and agreed by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer at the time of issue but, if not so permitted 
and agreed, such definitive Note will have endorsed thereon or attached thereto such Terms and Conditions.  
The applicable Final Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) will be endorsed upon, or attached to, each 
Global Note and definitive Note.  Reference should be made to "Applicable Final Terms" for a description of 
the content of Final Terms which will specify which of such terms are to apply in relation to the relevant Notes. 
This Note is one of a Series (as defined below) of Notes issued by CaixaBank, S.A. (the Issuer) pursuant to 
the Agency Agreement (as defined below). 
References herein to the Notes shall be references to the Notes of this Series and shall mean: 
(a) 
in relation to any Notes represented by a global Note (a Global Note), units of each Specified 
Denomination in the Specified Currency; 
(b) 
any Global Note; and 
(c) 
any definitive Notes issued in exchange for a Global Note. 
The Notes and the Coupons (as defined below) have the benefit of an amended and restated Agency Agreement 
(such Agency Agreement as amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the Agency 
Agreement) dated 27 April 2021 and made between the Issuer, BNP Paribas Securities Services, Luxembourg 
Branch as issuing and principal paying agent and agent bank (the Agent or the Principal Paying Agent, which 
expression shall include any successor agent) and the other paying agents named therein (together with the 
Agent, the Paying Agents, which expression shall include any additional or successor paying agents). 
The final terms for this Note (or the relevant provisions thereof) are set out in Part A of the Final Terms 
attached to or endorsed on this Note which complete these Terms and Conditions (the Conditions).  References 
to the applicable Final Terms are, unless otherwise stated, to Part A of the Final Terms (or the relevant 
provisions thereof) attached to or endorsed on this Note.  The expression Prospectus Regulation means 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129.  
Interest bearing definitive Notes, have interest coupons (Coupons) and, in the case of Notes which, when 
issued in definitive form, have more than 27 interest payments remaining, talons for further Coupons (Talons) 
attached on issue.  Any reference herein to Coupons or coupons shall, unless the context otherwise requires, 
be deemed to include a reference to Talons or talons.  Global Notes do not have Coupons or Talons attached 
on issue. 
Any reference to Noteholders or holders in relation to any Notes shall mean the holders of the Notes and 
shall, in relation to any Notes represented by a Global Note, be construed as provided below.  Any reference 
herein to Couponholders shall mean the holders of the Coupons and shall, unless the context otherwise 
requires, include the holders of the Talons. 
As used herein, Tranche means Notes which are identical in all respects (including as to listing and admission 
to trading) and Series means a Tranche of Notes together with any further Tranche or Tranches of Notes which 
(a) are expressed to be consolidated and form a single series and (b) have the same terms and conditions or 
terms and conditions which are the same in all respects save for the amount and date of the first payment of 
interest thereon and the date from which interest starts to accrue.

--- Page 138 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
138 
 
 
Copies of the Agency Agreement (i) are available for inspection or collection during normal business hours at 
the specified office of each of the Paying Agents or (ii) may be provided by email to a Noteholder following 
their prior written request to any Paying Agents or the Issuer and provision of proof of holding and identity (in 
a form satisfactory to the relevant Paying Agent or the Issuer, as the case may be).  If the Notes are to be 
admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin the applicable Final Terms will be published 
on the website of Euronext Dublin (www.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin).  The Noteholders and the 
Couponholders are deemed to have notice of, and are entitled to the benefit of, all the provisions of the Agency 
Agreement and the applicable Final Terms which are applicable to them.  The statements in the Conditions 
include summaries of, and are subject to, the detailed provisions of the Agency Agreement. 
Words and expressions defined in the Agency Agreement or used in the applicable Final Terms shall have the 
same meanings where used in the Conditions unless the context otherwise requires or unless otherwise stated 
and provided that, in the event of inconsistency between the Agency Agreement and the applicable Final 
Terms, the applicable Final Terms will prevail. 
In the Conditions: 
euro means the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and monetary union 
pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as amended;  
Calculation Agent means the Agent, or such other person specified in the relevant Final Terms as the party 
responsible for calculating the Rate of Interest and the Interest Amount and such other amount(s) as may be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Calculation Amount has the meaning given in the applicable Final Terms; 
Group means the Issuer and its Subsidiaries; and 
Subsidiary means, in relation to an entity, any entity controlled by that first person entity where control is 
determined in accordance with Regulation 43 of Circular 4/2017, of 27 November, of the Bank of Spain as 
amended from time to time (Norma 43 de la Circular 4/2017, de 27 de noviembre, del Banco de España), 
whether any such entity is a financial institution or not. 
For the avoidance of doubt, an Ordinary Senior Note will be deemed to be eligible to comply with MREL 
Requirements even if it is not so eligible provided that its ineligibility arises solely as a result of the 
circumstances described in paragraphs (a)(i) to (iv) of the definition of Eligible Liabilities Event. 
1. 
FORM, DENOMINATION AND TITLE 
The Notes are in bearer form and, in the case of definitive Notes, serially numbered, in the currency 
(the Specified Currency) and the denominations (the Specified Denomination(s)) specified in the 
applicable Final Terms.  Notes of one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for Notes of 
another Specified Denomination. 
This Note may be a Fixed Rate Note, a Fixed Reset Note or a Floating Rate Note (which term includes 
a CMS Linked Interest Note if this Note is specified as such in the Final Terms), or a combination of 
any of the foregoing, depending upon the Interest Basis shown in the applicable Final Terms. 
This Note may also be a Senior Note or a Subordinated Note and, in the case of a Senior Note, an 
Ordinary Senior Note or a Senior Non-Preferred Note, and in the case of a Subordinated Note, a Senior 
Subordinated Note or a Tier 2 Subordinated Note, all as indicated in the applicable Final Terms. 
Definitive Notes are issued with Coupons attached.

--- Page 139 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
139 
 
 
Subject as set out below, title to the Notes and Coupons will pass by delivery.  The Issuer and the 
Paying Agents will (except as otherwise required by law) deem and treat the bearer of any Note or 
Coupon as the absolute owner thereof (whether or not overdue and notwithstanding any notice of 
ownership or writing thereon or notice of any previous loss or theft thereof) for all purposes and shall 
not be required to obtain any proof thereof or as to the identity of such bearer but, in the case of any 
Global Note, without prejudice to the provisions set out in the next succeeding paragraph. 
For so long as any of the Notes is represented by a Global Note held on behalf of Euroclear Bank 
SA/NV (Euroclear) and/or Clearstream Banking, S.A. (Clearstream, Luxembourg), each person 
(other than Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg) who is for the time being shown in the records of 
Euroclear or of Clearstream, Luxembourg as the holder of a particular nominal amount of such Notes 
(in which regard any certificate or other document issued by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
as to the nominal amount of such Notes standing to the account of any person shall be conclusive and 
binding for all purposes save in the case of manifest error) shall be treated by the Issuer and the Paying 
Agents as the holder of such nominal amount of such Notes for all purposes other than with respect to 
the payment of principal or interest on such nominal amount of such Notes, for which purpose the 
bearer of the relevant Global Note shall be treated by the Issuer and any Paying Agent as the holder 
of such nominal amount of such Notes in accordance with and subject to the terms of the relevant 
Global Note and the expressions Noteholder and holder of Notes and related expressions shall be 
construed accordingly.  
Notwithstanding the above, where any Note is still represented by a Global Note and the Global Note 
(or any part thereof) has become due and repayable in accordance with the Terms and Conditions of 
such Notes or the Maturity Date has occurred and, in either case, payment in full of the amount due 
has not been made in accordance with the provisions of the Global Note then from 8.00 p.m. (London 
time) on such day, each account holder which has Notes represented by such Global Note credited to 
its securities accounts with Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, will 
become entitled to proceed directly against the Issuer and will acquire all those rights that it would 
have had if at the relevant time it held, executed and authenticated definitive Notes in respect of the 
relevant Notes (including the right to claim and receive all payments due at any time in respect of the 
relevant Notes) under the provisions of this Condition 1 and the relevant Global Note and, from that 
time, the bearer of the Global Note will have no further rights under such Global Note (but without 
prejudice to the rights which the bearer or any other person may have as a holder of Notes other than 
the Global Note).  
2. 
STATUS OF THE SENIOR NOTES AND SUBORDINATED NOTES 
The applicable Final Terms will indicate whether the Notes are Senior Notes or Subordinated Notes 
and, in the case of Senior Notes, Ordinary Senior Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes, and in the 
case of Subordinated Notes, Senior Subordinated Notes or Tier 2 Subordinated Notes.  
2.1 
Status of the Senior Notes 
The payment obligations of the Issuer in respect of principal under Notes which specify their status as 
Ordinary Senior Notes (Ordinary Senior Notes) or as Senior Non-Preferred Notes (Senior Non-
Preferred Notes, together with the Ordinary Senior Notes, Senior Notes) in the relevant Final Terms 
constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer (créditos 
ordinarios). 
The Senior Non-Preferred Notes constitute non-preferred ordinary claims (créditos ordinarios no 
preferentes) under Additional Provision 14.2º of Law 11/2015.  It is expressly stated for the purposes 
of Additional Provision 14.2º of Law 11/2015 that upon the insolvency of the Issuer, the Senior Non-
Preferred Notes will rank below any other ordinary claims (créditos ordinarios) against the Issuer and 
accordingly, claims in respect of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes shall be paid after payment of any

--- Page 140 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
140 
 
 
such other ordinary (créditos ordinarios) claims of the Issuer. The Senior Non-Preferred Notes are 
intended to comply with the requirements of Article 72b of CRR so that they qualify as eligible liability 
instruments for the purposes of Article 72a of CRR.  Accordingly, as set out in Article 72a of CRR, 
the Senior Non-Preferred Notes shall not be considered as debt instruments with embedded derivatives 
solely because of any Issuer Call or Investor Put for the purposes of Additional Provision 14.2º of Law 
11/2015. 
Therefore, in accordance with the Insolvency Law and Additional Provision 14.2º of Law 11/2015, 
but subject to any other ranking that may apply as a result of any mandatory provision of law (or 
otherwise), upon the insolvency (concurso) of the Issuer, the payment obligations of the Issuer under 
the Senior Notes in respect of principal (and unless they qualify as subordinated claims (créditos 
subordinados) pursuant to Article 281 of the Insolvency Law) will rank: 
(a) 
in the case of Ordinary Senior Notes:  
(i) 
senior to (A) any Senior Non-Preferred Obligations and (B) any claims against the 
Issuer qualifying as subordinated claims (créditos subordinados) under Article 281 of 
the Insolvency Law (or equivalent legal provision which replaces it in the future); and 
(ii) 
pari passu among themselves and with any other Senior Preferred Obligations; and 
(b) 
in the case of Senior Non-Preferred Notes: 
(i) 
senior to any claims against the Issuer qualifying as subordinated claims (créditos 
subordinados) under Article 281 of the Insolvency Law (or equivalent legal provision 
which replaces it in the future); 
(ii) 
pari passu among themselves and with any other Senior Non-Preferred Obligations; 
and 
(iii) 
junior to any Senior Preferred Obligations. 
In the Conditions: 
Insolvency Law means the restated text of the Spanish Insolvency Law approved by Legislative Royal 
Decree 1/2020, of 5 May (Real Decreto Legislativo 1/2020, de 5 de mayo, por el que se aprueba el 
texto refundido de la Ley Concursal), as amended or replaced from time to time. 
Law 11/2015 means Law 11/2015, of 18 June, on the recovery and resolution of credit institutions 
and investment firms (Ley 11/2015, de 18 de junio, de recuperación y resolución de entidades de 
crédito y empresas de servicios de inversión), as amended or replaced from time to time. 
Senior Preferred Obligations means any obligations of the Issuer with respect to any ordinary claims 
(créditos ordinarios) against the Issuer, other than the Senior Non-Preferred Obligations. 
Senior Non-Preferred Obligations means any obligation of the Issuer with respect to any non-
preferred ordinary claims (créditos ordinarios no preferentes) against the Issuer referred to under 
Additional Provision 14.2 of Law 11/2015 and any other obligations which, by law and/or by their 
terms, and to the extent permitted by Spanish law, rank pari passu with the Senior Non-Preferred 
Obligations. 
In the event of insolvency (concurso) of the Issuer, under the currently in force Insolvency Law (as 
defined below), claims relating to Senior Notes (which are not subordinated pursuant to Article 281 
of the Insolvency Law) will be ordinary credits (créditos ordinarios) as defined in the Insolvency Law.

--- Page 141 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
141 
 
 
Ordinary credits rank below credits against the insolvency estate (créditos contra la masa) and credits 
with a privilege (créditos privilegiados) (including, without limitation, any deposits for the purposes 
of Additional Provision 14.1º of Law 11/2015 (as defined below)) which shall be paid in full before 
ordinary credits.  Ordinary credits rank above subordinated credits and the rights of shareholders. 
Pursuant to Article 152 of the Insolvency Law, accrual of interest shall be suspended from the date of 
declaration of the insolvency of the Issuer. Claims of Senior Noteholders in respect of interest accrued 
but unpaid as of the commencement of any insolvency procedure of the Issuer shall constitute 
subordinated claims against the Issuer ranking in accordance with the provisions of Article 281.1.3º 
of the Insolvency Law (including without limitation, after claims on account of principal in respect of 
contractually subordinated obligations of the Issuer).  
The obligations of the Issuer under the Senior Notes are subject to the Loss Absorbing Power. 
2.2 
Status of the Subordinated Notes 
The payment obligations of the Issuer in respect of principal under Notes which specify their status as 
Subordinated Notes in the relevant Final Terms (Subordinated Notes, which may be, in turn, Senior 
Subordinated Notes (Senior Subordinated Notes) or Tier 2 Subordinated Notes (Tier 2 
Subordinated Notes), as specified in the relevant Final Terms) constitute direct, unconditional and 
subordinated obligations of the Issuer.  In accordance with the Insolvency Law and Additional 
Provision 14.3º of Law 11/2015, but subject to any other ranking that may apply as a result of any 
mandatory provision of law (or otherwise), upon the insolvency (concurso) of the Issuer the payment 
obligations of the Issuer under the Subordinated Notes in respect of principal, will rank: 
(a) 
for so long as the obligations of the Issuer in respect of the relevant Subordinated Notes do 
not constitute Tier 2 Instruments of the Issuer: 
(i) 
senior to (i) any claims for principal in respect of contractually subordinated 
obligations of the Issuer qualifying as Additional Tier 1 Instruments or Tier 2 
Instruments; and (ii) any other subordinated obligations which by law and/or by their 
terms, and to the extent permitted by Spanish law, rank junior to the Issuer's 
obligations under the Senior Subordinated Notes; 
(ii) 
pari passu among themselves and with (i) all other claims for principal in respect of 
contractually subordinated obligations of the Issuer not qualifying as Additional Tier 
1 Instruments or Tier 2 Instruments of the Issuer; and (ii) any other subordinated 
obligations which by law and/or by their terms, and to the extent permitted by Spanish 
law, rank pari passu to the Issuer's obligations under the Senior Subordinated Notes; 
and 
(iii) 
junior to (i) any unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer (including any Senior Non-
Preferred Obligations); and (ii) any other subordinated obligations which by law 
and/or by their terms, and to the extent permitted by Spanish law, rank senior to the 
Issuer's obligations under the Senior Subordinated Notes. 
(b) 
for so long as the obligations of the Issuer in respect of the relevant Subordinated Notes 
constitute Tier 2 Instrument of the Issuer: 
(i) 
senior to (i) any claims for principal in respect of contractually subordinated 
obligations of the Issuer qualifying as Additional Tier 1 Instruments; and (ii) any other 
subordinated obligations which by law and/or by their terms, and to the extent 
permitted by Spanish law, rank junior to the Issuer's obligations under the relevant 
Subordinated Notes;

--- Page 142 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
142 
 
 
(ii) 
pari passu among themselves and with (i) any other claims for principal in respect of 
contractually subordinated obligations of the Issuer qualifying as Tier 2 Instruments, 
and (ii) any other subordinated obligations which by law and/or by their terms, and to 
the extent permitted by Spanish law, rank pari passu with the Issuer's obligations 
under the relevant Subordinated Notes; and 
(iii) 
junior to (i) any unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer (including any Senior Non-
Preferred Obligations); (ii) any claim for principal in respect of other contractually 
subordinated obligations of the Issuer not qualifying as Additional Tier 1 Instruments 
or Tier 2 Instruments (such as the Senior Subordinated Notes, if and as applicable); 
and (iii) any other subordinated obligations which by law and/or by their terms, and 
to the extent permitted by Spanish law, rank senior to the Issuer's obligations under 
the relevant Subordinated Notes. 
Senior Subordinated Notes are expected to rank as provided in paragraph (a) above on the basis that 
such Notes are not intended to qualify as Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer and/or the Group.  Tier 2 
Subordinated Notes are expected to rank as provided in paragraph (b) above on the basis that such 
Notes are intended to qualify as Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer and/or the Group. 
The obligations of the Issuer under the Subordinated Notes are subject to the Loss Absorbing Power. 
In the Conditions: 
Applicable Banking Regulations means at any time the laws, regulations, requirements, guidelines 
and policies relating to capital adequacy, resolution and/or solvency then applicable to the Issuer 
and/or the Group including, without limitation to the generality of the foregoing, CRD 4, the BRRD 
and those regulations, requirements, guidelines and policies relating to capital adequacy, resolution 
and/or solvency then in effect of the Regulator and / or the Relevant Resolution Authority, in each 
case to the extent then in effect in Spain (whether or not such requirements, guidelines or policies have 
the force of law and whether or not they are applied generally or specifically to the Issuer and/or the 
Group). 
Additional Tier 1 Capital means Additional Tier 1 capital (capital de nivel 1 adicional) as provided 
under Applicable Banking Regulations. 
Additional Tier 1 Instrument means any contractually subordinated obligation of the Issuer 
constituting an Additional Tier 1 instrument (instrumento de capital de nivel 1 adicional) in 
accordance with Applicable Banking Regulations and as referred to in Additional Provision 14.3(c) of 
Law 11/2015, as amended or replaced from time to time. 
BRRD means Directive 2014/59/EU of 15 May 2014 establishing the framework for the recovery and 
resolution of credit institutions and investment firms or such other directive as may amend or come 
into effect in place thereof (including the BRRD 2), as implemented into Spanish law by Law 11/2015 
and RD 1012/2015, as amended or replaced from time to time and including any other relevant 
implementing regulatory provisions (in all cases, as amended from time to time). 
CRD 4 means any or any combination of the CRD 4 Directive, the CRR, and any CRD 4 Implementing 
Measures. 
CRD 4 Directive means Directive 2013/36/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 
June 2013 on access to the activity of credit institutions and the prudential supervision of credit 
institutions and investment firms, amending Directive 2002/87/EC and repealing Directives 
2006/48/EC and 2006/49/EC or such other directive as may come into effect in place thereof (in all 
cases, as amended from time to time, including by the CRD 5 Directive).

--- Page 143 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
143 
 
 
CRD 4 Implementing Measures means any regulatory capital rules implementing the CRD 4 
Directive or the CRR which may from time to time be introduced, including, but not limited to, 
delegated or implementing acts (regulatory technical standards) adopted by the European 
Commission, national laws and regulations, and regulations and guidelines issued by the Regulator, 
the European Banking Authority or any other relevant authority, which are applicable to the Issuer (on 
a stand-alone basis) or the Group (on a consolidated basis) including, without limitation, Law 10/2014, 
as amended from time to time, RD 84/2015, as amended from time to time, and any other regulation, 
circular or guidelines implementing CRD 4 (in all cases, as amended from time to time). 
CRR means Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 
2013 on the prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms and amending 
Regulation (EU) No. 648/2012, or such other regulation as may come into effect in place thereof (in 
all cases, as amended from time to time, including by CRR 2). 
Law 10/2014 means Law 10/2014, of 26 June, on the organisation, supervision and solvency of credit 
institutions (Ley 10/2014, de 26 de junio, de ordenación, supervisión y solvencia de entidades de 
crédito), as amended from time to time. 
RD 1012/2015 means Royal Decree 1012/2015, of 6 November, implementing Law 11/2015 (Real 
Decreto 1012/2015, de 6 de noviembre, por el que se desarrolla la Ley 11/2015, de 18 de junio, de 
recuperación y resolución de entidades de crédito y empresas de servicios de inversión, y por el que 
se modifica el Real Decreto 2606/1996, de 20 de diciembre, sobre fondos de garantía de depósitos de 
entidades de crédito), as amended or replaced from time to time. 
RD 84/2015 means Royal Decree 84/2015, of 13 February, implementing Law 10/2014 (Real Decreto 
84/2015, de 13 de febrero, por el que se desarrolla la Ley 10/2014, de 26 de junio, de ordenación, 
supervisión y solvencia de entidades de crédito), as amended or replaced from time to time. 
Regulator means the European Central Bank or such other or successor authority exercising primary 
bank supervisory authority, or any other entity or institution carrying out such duties on its/their behalf 
(including the Bank of Spain), in each case with respect to prudential matters in relation to the Issuer 
and/or the Group. 
Tier 2 Capital means Tier 2 capital (capital de nivel 2) as provided under the Applicable Banking 
Regulations.  
Tier 2 Instrument means any contractually subordinated obligation of the Issuer constituting a Tier 
2 instrument (instrumentos de capital de nivel 2) in accordance with the Applicable Banking 
Regulations and as referred to in Additional Provision 14.3(b) of Law 11/2015, as amended or 
replaced. 
Under Spanish Law, accrual of interest on the Subordinated Notes shall be suspended from the date 
of the declaration of insolvency of the Issuer. Claims of Subordinated Noteholders in respect of interest 
accrued but unpaid as of the commencement of any insolvency procedure of the Issuer shall constitute 
subordinated claims of the Issuer ranking in accordance with the provisions of Article 281 of the 
Insolvency Law.  
3. 
INTEREST 
The applicable Final Terms will indicate whether the Notes are Fixed Rate Notes, Fixed Reset Notes 
or Floating Rate Notes.

--- Page 144 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
144 
 
 
3.1 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
This Condition 3.1 applies to Fixed Rate Notes only or Notes where the Final Terms specify that this 
Condition 3.1 applies for a limited period.  The applicable Final Terms contains provisions applicable 
to the determination of fixed rate interest and must be read in conjunction with this Condition 3.1 for 
full information on the manner in which interest is calculated on Fixed Rate Notes.  In particular, the 
applicable Final Terms will specify the Interest Commencement Date, the Rate(s) of Interest, the 
Interest Payment Date(s), the Maturity Date, the Fixed Coupon Amount, any applicable Broken 
Amount, the Calculation Amount, the Day Count Fraction and any applicable Determination Date.  
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date at the 
rate(s) per annum equal to the Rate(s) of Interest.  Interest will be payable in arrear on the Interest 
Payment Date(s) in each year up to (and including) the Maturity Date. 
If the Notes are in definitive form, except as provided in the applicable Final Terms, the amount of 
interest payable on each Interest Payment Date in respect of the Fixed Interest Period ending on (but 
excluding) such date will amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount.  Payments of interest on any Interest 
Payment Date will, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, amount to the Broken Amount so 
specified. 
As used in the Conditions, Fixed Interest Period means the period from (and including) an Interest 
Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest 
Payment Date. 
Except in the case of Notes in definitive form where an applicable Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken 
Amount is specified in the applicable Final Terms, interest shall be calculated in respect of any period 
by applying the Rate of Interest to: 
(a) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes which are represented by a Global Note, the aggregate 
outstanding nominal amount of the Fixed Rate Notes represented by such Global Note (or, if 
they are Partly Paid Notes, the aggregate amount paid up); or 
(b) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes in definitive form, the Calculation Amount, 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the 
resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit 
being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention.  Where the 
Specified Denomination of a Fixed Rate Note in definitive form is a multiple of the Calculation 
Amount, the amount of interest payable in respect of such Fixed Rate Note shall be the product of the 
amount (determined in the manner provided above) for the Calculation Amount and the amount by 
which the Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination, without any further 
rounding. 
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in accordance with 
this Condition 3.1: 
(a) 
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
in the case of Notes where the number of days in the relevant period from (and 
including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (the Accrual 
Period) is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during which the Accrual 
Period ends, the number of days in such Accrual Period divided by the product of (I) 
the number of days in such Determination Period and (II) the number of

--- Page 145 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
145 
 
 
Determination Dates (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) that would occur in 
one calendar year; or 
(ii) 
in the case of Notes where the Accrual Period is longer than the Determination Period 
during which the Accrual Period ends, the sum of: 
(A) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the Determination Period 
in which the Accrual Period begins divided by the product of (x) the number 
of days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination 
Dates that would occur in one calendar year; and 
(B) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next Determination 
Period divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such Determination 
Period and (y) the number of Determination Dates that would occur in one 
calendar year;  
(b) 
if "Actual/Actual (ISDA)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of 
days in the relevant period from and including the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if 
none, the Interest Commencement Date) to but excluding the relevant payment date divided 
by 365 (or, if any portion of that period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number 
of days in that portion of the period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual 
number of days in that portion of the period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365);  
(c) 
if "30/360" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the period from 
(and including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (such number of days 
being calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day months) divided by 360; 
(d) 
if "30/360 (ISDA)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the 
relevant period from and including the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the 
Interest Commencement Date) to but excluding the relevant payment date divided by 360 (the 
number of days to be calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day months 
(unless (a) the last day of the interest period is the 31st day of a month but the first day of the 
interest period is a day other than the 30th or 31st day of a month, in which case the month 
that includes that last day shall not be considered to be shortened to a 30-day a month, or (b) 
the last day of the interest period is the last day of the month of February, in which case the 
month of February shall not be considered to be lengthened to a 30-day month)); and  
(e) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days 
in the Interest Period divided by 365. 
In the Conditions: 
Determination Period means each period from (and including) a Determination Date to (but 
excluding) the next Determination Date (including, where either the Interest Commencement Date or 
the final Interest Payment Date is not a Determination Date, the period commencing on the first 
Determination Date prior to, and ending on the first Determination Date falling after, such date); and 
sub-unit means, with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that 
is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to euro, one cent.

--- Page 146 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
146 
 
 
3.2 
Interest on Fixed Reset Notes 
(a) 
Rates of Interest and Interest Payment Dates 
Each Fixed Reset Note bears interest: 
(i) 
from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date to (but excluding) the First Reset Date 
at the rate per annum equal to the Initial Interest Rate; 
(ii) 
from (and including) the First Reset Date to (but excluding) the Second Reset Date or, if none, 
the Maturity Date (the First Reset Period) at the rate per annum equal to the First Reset Rate; 
and 
(iii) 
if applicable, from (and including) the Second Reset Date to (but excluding) the first 
Subsequent Reset Date (if any), and each successive period from (and including) any 
Subsequent Reset Date to (but excluding) the next succeeding Subsequent Reset Date (if any) 
(each a Subsequent Reset Period) at the rate per annum equal to the relevant Subsequent 
Reset Rate,  
(in each case rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) 
(each a Rate of Interest) payable, in each case, in arrear on the Interest Payment Date(s) in each year 
up to and including the Maturity Date. 
The provisions of this Condition 3.2 shall apply, as applicable, in respect of any determination by the 
Calculation Agent of the Rate of Interest for a Reset Period in accordance with this Condition 3.2 as 
if the Fixed Reset Notes were Floating Rate Notes.  The Rate of Interest for each Reset Period shall 
otherwise be determined by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Reset Determination Date in 
accordance with the provisions of this Condition 3.2.  Once the Rate of Interest is determined for a 
Reset Period, the provisions of Condition 3.1 (Interest on Fixed Rate Notes) shall apply to Fixed Reset 
Notes, as applicable, as if the Fixed Reset Notes were Fixed Rate Notes. 
In these Conditions: 
First Reset Rate means the sum of the Reset Margin and the Reset Reference Rate for the First Reset 
Period, adjusted as necessary; 
Mid-Swap Rate means, in relation to a Reset Date and the Reset Period commencing on that Reset 
Date, the rate for the Reset Date for swap transactions in the Specified Currency maturing on the last 
day of such Reset Period, expressed as a percentage, which appears on the Relevant Screen Page as of 
approximately 11.00 a.m. in the principal financial centre of the Specified Currency on such Reset 
Determination Date.  If such rate does not appear on the Relevant Screen Page, the Mid-Swap Rate 
for the Reset Date will be the Reset Reference Bank Rate for the Reset Period; 
Non-Sterling Reference Bond Rate means, with respect to any Reset Period and related Reset 
Determination Date, the rate per annum equal to the yield to maturity or interpolated yield to maturity 
(on the relevant day count basis) of the Reset Reference Bond, assuming a price for the Reset 
Reference Bond (expressed as a percentage of its principal amount) equal to the Reset Reference Bond 
Price for such Reset Determination Date; 
Reference Banks means five leading swap dealers in the interbank market for swap transactions in 
the Specified Currency with an equivalent maturity to the Reset Period as selected by the Issuer; 
Reference Government Bond Dealer means each of five banks selected by the Issuer (following, 
where practicable, consultation with an investment bank or financial institution of international repute

--- Page 147 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
147 
 
 
determined to be appropriate by the Issuer, which, for avoidance of doubt, could be the Calculation 
Agent), or the affiliates of such banks, which are (i) primary government securities dealers, and their 
respective successors, or (ii) market makers in pricing corporate bond issues; 
Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations means, with respect to each Reference 
Government Bond Dealer and any Reset Determination Date, the arithmetic average (as determined 
by the Calculation Agent), of the bid and offered prices for the Reset Reference Bond (expressed in 
each case as a percentage of its principal amount) as at the Reset Determination Time on such Reset 
Determination Date and, if relevant, on a dealing basis for settlement that is customarily used at such 
time and quoted in writing to the Calculation Agent by such Reference Government Bond Dealer; 
Relevant Screen Page means the display page on the relevant service as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms or such other page as may replace it on that information service, or on such other 
equivalent information service as determined by the Calculation Agent, for the purpose of displaying 
the relevant swap rates for swap transactions in the Specified Currency with an equivalent maturity to 
the Reset Period; 
Representative Amount means an amount that is representative for a single transaction in the relevant 
market at the relevant time; 
Reset Date means the First Reset Date, the Second Reset Date and each Subsequent Reset Date, as 
applicable; 
Reset Determination Date means the second Business Day immediately preceding the relevant Reset 
Date;  
Reset Period means the First Reset Period or any Subsequent Reset Period, as the case may be; 
Reset Period Mid-Swap Rate Quotations means the arithmetic mean of the bid and offered rates for 
the annual fixed leg (calculated on the day count basis customary for fixed rate payments in the 
Specified Currency), of a fixed-for-floating interest rate swap transaction in the Specified Currency 
with a term equal to the Reset Period commencing on the Reset Date and in a Representative Amount 
with an acknowledged dealer of good credit in the swap market, where the floating leg (in each case 
calculated on the day count basis customary for floating rate payments in the Specified Currency), is 
equivalent to the Rate of Interest that would apply in respect of the Notes if (a) Screen Rate 
Determination was specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest 
is to be determined, (b) the Reference Rate was the Floating Leg Reference Rate and (c) the Relevant 
Screen Page was the Floating Leg Screen Page;  
Reset Reference Bank Rate means, in relation to a Reset Date and the Reset Period commencing on 
that Reset Date, the percentage determined on the basis of the Reset Period Mid-Swap Rate Quotations 
provided by the Reference Banks at approximately 11.00 a.m. in the principal financial centre of the 
Specified Currency on the Reset Determination Date.  The Calculation Agent will request the principal 
office of each of the Reference Banks to provide a quotation of its rate.  If at least three quotations are 
provided, the rate for the Reset Date will be the arithmetic mean of the quotations, eliminating the 
highest quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the highest) and the lowest quotation (or, in the 
event of equality, one of the lowest).  If only two quotations are provided, it will be the arithmetic 
mean of the quotations provided.  If only one quotation is provided, it will be the quotation provided.  
If no quotations are provided, the Mid-Swap Rate will be the last observable Mid-Swap Rate which 
appears on the Relevant Screen Page on or after the most recent Reset Date or, if none, the Issue Date, 
if any, as determined by the Agent.  If no such Mid-Swap Rate is available on the Relevant Screen 
Page, the Mid-Swap Rate will be the Mid-Swap Rate for the immediately preceding Reset Period or, 
if none, the Mid-Swap Rate which last appeared on the Relevant Screen Page;

--- Page 148 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
148 
 
 
Reset Reference Bond means for any Reset Period a government security or securities issued by the 
government of the state responsible for issuing the Specified Currency (which, if the Specified 
Currency is euro, shall be Germany) selected by the Issuer (after consultation with an investment bank 
or financial institution of international repute determined to be appropriate by the Issuer, which, for 
avoidance of doubt, could be the Calculation Agent) as having the nearest actual or interpolated 
maturity comparable with the relevant Reset Period and that (in the opinion of the Issuer) would be 
utilised, at the time of selection and in accordance with customary financial practice, in pricing new 
issuances of corporate debt securities denominated in the Specified Currency and of a comparable 
maturity to the relevant Reset Period; 
Reset Reference Bond Price means, with respect to any Reset Determination Date: 
(a) 
if five or more Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations are received, the arithmetic 
average (as determined by the Calculation Agent) of the Reference Government Bond Dealer 
Quotations for such Reset Determination Date, after excluding the highest and lowest such 
quotations; or 
(b) 
if fewer than five but more than one such Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations are 
received, the arithmetic average (as determined by the Calculation Agent) of all such 
quotations; or 
(c) 
if only one Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotation is received, such quotation; or 
(d) 
if no Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations are received, where U.S. Treasury Rate 
does not apply, in the case of the First Reset Rate, the Initial Reference Rate and, in the case 
of any Subsequent Reset Rate, the Reset Reference Rate as at the last preceding Reset Date; 
or where U.S. Treasury Rate does apply, the U.S. Treasury Rate shall be determined in 
accordance with the third paragraph in the definition of U.S. Treasury Rate; 
Reset Reference Rate means one of the (i) Mid-Swap Rate, (ii) the Sterling Reference Bond Rate, 
(iii) the Non-Sterling Reference Bond Rate or (iv) the U.S. Treasury Rate, as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
Sterling Reference Bond Rate means with respect to any Reset Period and related Reset 
Determination Date, the gross redemption yield in respect of the Reset Reference Bond expressed as 
a percentage and calculated by the Calculation Agent on the basis set out by the United Kingdom Debt 
Management Office in the paper "Formulae for Calculating Gilt Prices from Yields", page 5, Section 
One: Price/Yield Formulae "Conventional Gilts; Double dated and Undated Gilts with Assumed (or 
Actual) Redemption on a Quasi-Coupon Date" (published on 8 June 1998 and updated on 15 January 
2002 and 16 March 2005, and as further amended, updated, supplemented or replaced from time to 
time) or, if such basis is no longer in customary market usage at such time, a gross redemption yield 
calculated in accordance with generally accepted market practice at such time as determined by the 
Issuer following consultation with an investment bank or financial institution of international repute 
determined to be appropriate by the Issuer (which, for the avoidance of doubt, could be the Calculation 
Agent), on an annual or semi-annual (as the case may be) compounding basis (rounded up (if 
necessary) to four decimal places) of the Reset Reference Bond in respect of that Reset Period, 
assuming a price for the Reset Reference Bond (expressed as a percentage of its principal amount) 
equal to the Reset Reference Bond Price for such Reset Determination Date;  
Subsequent Reset Rate means the sum of the applicable Reset Reference Rate and the Reset Margin 
on the relevant Reset Determination Date for any Subsequent Reset Period, adjusted as necessary; and 
U.S. Treasury Rate means, with respect to any Reset Period and related Reset Determination Date, 
the rate per annum calculated by the Calculation Agent equal to: (1) the average of the yields on

--- Page 149 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
149 
 
 
actively traded U.S. Treasury securities adjusted to constant maturity, for a maturity comparable with 
the Reset Period, for the five business days immediately prior to the Reset Determination Date and 
appearing under the caption “Treasury constant maturities” at the Reset Determination Time on the 
Reset Determination Date in the applicable most recently published statistical release designated 
“H.15 Daily Update”, or any successor publication that is published by the Board of Governors of the 
Federal Reserve System that establishes yields on actively traded U.S. Treasury securities adjusted to 
constant maturity, under the caption “Treasury Constant Maturities”, for a maturity comparable with 
the Reset Period; or (2) if such release (or any successor release) is not published during the week 
immediately prior to the Reset Determination Date or does not contain such yields, the rate per annum 
equal to the semi-annual equivalent yield to maturity of the Reset Reference Bond, calculated using a 
price for the Reset Reference Bond (expressed as a percentage of its principal amount) equal to the 
Reset Reference Bond Price for such Reset Determination Date; or (3) if the U.S. Treasury Rate cannot 
be determined, for whatever reason, as described under (1) or (2) above, “U.S. Treasury Rate” means 
the rate in percentage per annum as notified by the Calculation Agent to the Issuer equal to the yield 
on U.S. Treasury securities having a maturity comparable with the Reset Period as set forth in the most 
recently published statistical release designated “H.15 Daily Update” under the caption “Treasury 
constant maturities” (or any successor publication that is published weekly by the Board of Governors 
of the Federal Reserve System and that establishes yields on actively traded U.S. Treasury securities 
adjusted to constant maturity under the caption “Treasury constant maturities” for the maturity 
comparable with the Reset Period) and as at the Reset Determination Time on the last available date 
preceding the Reset Determination Date on which such rate was set forth in such release (or any 
successor release). 
(b) 
Notification of First Reset Rate of Interest, Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest and Interest 
Amount 
The Agent will cause the First Reset Rate of Interest, any Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest and, in 
respect of a Reset Period, the Interest Amount payable on each Interest Payment Date falling in such 
Reset Period to be notified to the Issuer, the other Paying Agents and any stock exchange or other 
relevant authority on which the relevant Reset Notes are for the time being listed or by which they 
have been admitted to listing and notice thereof to be published in accordance with Condition 13 
(Notices) as soon as possible after their determination but in no event later than the fourth London 
Business Day (where a London Business Day means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on 
which banks and foreign exchange markets are open for business in London) thereafter.  
(c) 
Certificates to be final 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and decisions 
given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this Condition 3.2 by the 
Agent shall (in the absence of negligence, wilful default, bad faith or manifest error) be binding on the 
Issuer, the Agent, the other Paying Agents and all Noteholders and Couponholders and (in the absence 
of wilful default or bad faith) no liability to the Issuer, the Noteholders or the Couponholders shall 
attach the Agent in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and 
discretions pursuant to such provisions. 
(d) 
Minimum Rate of Interest and/or Maximum Rate of Interest 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Minimum Rate of Interest for any Reset Period, then, in the 
event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Reset Period determined in accordance with the 
provisions of paragraph (a) above is less than such Minimum Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest for 
such Reset Period shall be such Minimum Rate of Interest. 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Maximum Rate of Interest for any Reset Period, then, in the 
event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Reset Period determined in accordance with the

--- Page 150 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
150 
 
 
provisions of paragraph (a) above is greater than such Maximum Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest 
for such Reset Period shall be such Maximum Rate of Interest. 
3.3 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes 
(a) 
Interest Payment Dates 
This Condition 3.3 applies to Floating Rate Notes only or Notes where the Final Terms specify that 
this Condition 3.3 applies for a limited period.  The applicable Final Terms contains provisions 
applicable to the determination of floating rate interest and must be read in conjunction with this 
Condition 3.3 for full information on the manner in which interest is calculated on Floating Rate Notes.  
In particular, the applicable Final Terms will identify any Specified Interest Payment Dates, any 
Specified Period, the Interest Commencement Date, the Business Day Convention, any Additional 
Business Centres, whether ISDA Determination or Screen Rate Determination applies to the 
calculation of interest, the party who will calculate the amount of interest due if it is not the Agent, the 
Margin, any maximum or minimum interest rates and the Day Count Fraction.  Where ISDA 
Determination applies to the calculation of interest, the applicable Final Terms will also specify the 
applicable Floating Rate Option, Designated Maturity and Reset Date.  Where Screen Rate 
Determination applies to the calculation of interest, the applicable Final Terms will also specify the 
applicable Reference Rate, Interest Determination Date(s) and Relevant Screen Page.  
Each Floating Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date and 
such interest will be payable in arrear on either: 
(i) 
the Specified Interest Payment Date(s) in each year specified in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(ii) 
if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the applicable Final Terms, each 
date (each such date, together with each Specified Interest Payment Date, an Interest 
Payment Date) which falls the number of months or other period specified as the Specified 
Period in the applicable Final Terms after the preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case 
of the first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement Date. 
Such interest will be payable in respect of each Interest Period.  In the Conditions, Interest Period 
means the period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) 
to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment Date. 
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms and (x) if there is no 
numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which an Interest Payment Date should occur 
or (y) if any Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then, 
if the Business Day Convention specified is: 
(A) 
in any case where Specified Periods are specified in accordance with Condition 
3.3(a)(ii) above, the Floating Rate Convention, such Interest Payment Date (A) in the 
case of (x) above, shall be the last day that is a Business Day in the relevant month 
and the provisions of (II) below shall apply mutatis mutandis or (B) in the case of (y) 
above, shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would 
thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event (I) such Interest Payment 
Date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day and (II) 
each subsequent Interest Payment Date shall be the last Business Day in the month 
which falls the Specified Period after the preceding applicable Interest Payment Date 
occurred; or 
(B) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day; or

--- Page 151 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
151 
 
 
(C) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall 
be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into 
the next calendar month, in which event such Interest Payment Date shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business Day; or 
(D) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
In the Conditions, Business Day means a day which is both: 
(i) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open 
for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in 
each Additional Business Centre specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(ii) 
either (A) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the 
principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (which if the 
Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars shall be Sydney and 
Auckland, respectively) or (B) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which the 
Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express Transfer (TARGET2) 
System (the TARGET2 System) is open. 
(b) 
Rate of Interest 
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Notes will be determined in 
the manner specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(i) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in which 
the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will be the 
relevant ISDA Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if 
any).  For the purposes of this subparagraph (i), ISDA Rate for an Interest Period means a 
rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined by the Agent under an interest rate 
swap transaction if the Agent were acting as Calculation Agent for that swap transaction under 
the terms of an agreement incorporating the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as published by the 
International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. and as amended and updated as at the 
Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes (the ISDA Definitions) and under which: 
(A) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(B) 
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(C) 
the relevant Reset Date is the day specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
For the purposes of this subparagraph (i), Floating Rate, Calculation Agent, Floating Rate 
Option, Designated Maturity and Reset Date have the meanings given to those terms in the 
ISDA Definitions. 
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms the Minimum Rate of Interest shall be 
deemed to be zero.

--- Page 152 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
152 
 
 
(ii) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes referencing EURIBOR or LIBOR, other 
than CMS Linked Interest Notes 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the applicable Final Terms specify that the 
Reference Rate is EURIBOR or LIBOR, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, 
subject as provided below, be either: 
(A) 
the offered quotation; or 
(B) 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 
being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate (being either LIBOR or 
EURIBOR, as specified in the applicable Final Terms) which appears or appear, as the case 
may be, on the Relevant Screen Page (or such other replacement page on that service which 
displays the information) as at 11.00 a.m. (London time, in the case of LIBOR, or Brussels 
time, in the case of EURIBOR) on the Interest Determination Date in question plus or minus 
(as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the 
Agent.  If five or more of such offered quotations are available on the Relevant Screen Page, 
the highest (or, if there is more than one such highest quotation, one only of such quotations) 
and the lowest (or, if there is more than one such lowest quotation, one only of such 
quotations) shall be disregarded by the Agent for the purpose of determining the arithmetic 
mean (rounded as provided above) of such offered quotations. 
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if, in the case of subclause 3.3(b)(ii)(A), no 
offered quotation appears or, in the case of subclause 3.3(b)(ii)(B), fewer than three offered 
quotations appear, in each case as at the Specified Time, the Agent shall request each of the 
Reference Banks to provide the Agent with its offered quotation (expressed as a percentage 
rate per annum) for the Reference Rate at approximately the Specified Time on the Interest 
Determination Date in question.  If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the Agent 
with offered quotations, the Rate of Interest for the Interest Period shall be the arithmetic mean 
(rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the 
offered quotations plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the 
Agent. 
If on any Interest Determination Date one only or none of the Reference Banks provides the 
Agent with an offered quotation as provided in the preceding paragraph, the Rate of Interest 
for the relevant Interest Period shall be the rate per annum which the Agent determines as 
being the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 
being rounded upwards) of the rates, as communicated to (and at the request of) the Agent by 
the Reference Banks or any two or more of them, at which such banks were offered, at 
approximately the Specified Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, deposits in the 
Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for the Reference 
Rate by leading banks in the London inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is LIBOR) or 
the Euro-zone inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR) or the inter-bank market 
of the relevant financial centre (if any other Reference Rate is used) plus or minus (as 
appropriate) the Margin (if any) or, if fewer than two of the Reference Banks provide the 
Agent with offered rates, the offered rate for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period 
equal to that which would have been used for the Reference Rate, or the arithmetic mean 
(rounded as provided above) of the offered rates for deposits in the Specified Currency for a 
period equal to that which would have been used for the Reference Rate, at which, at 
approximately the Specified Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, any one or 
more banks (which bank or banks is or are in the opinion of the Issuer suitable for the purpose)

--- Page 153 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
153 
 
 
informs the Agent it is quoting to leading banks in the London inter-bank market (if the 
Reference Rate is LIBOR) or the Euro-zone inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is 
EURIBOR) or the inter-bank market of the relevant financial centre (if any other Reference 
Rate is used) plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any), provided that, if the Rate of 
Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this paragraph, 
the Rate of Interest shall be determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date 
(though substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period 
from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin relating to the 
relevant Interest Period in place of the Margin relating to that last preceding Interest Period).  
In these Conditions: 
Reference Banks means, in the case of a determination of LIBOR, the principal London office 
of four major banks in the London inter-bank market, in the case of a determination of 
EURIBOR, the principal Euro-zone office of four major banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank 
market, in each case selected by the Issuer acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner, and by reference to such sources as it deems appropriate. 
(iii) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes referencing SONIA, other than CMS 
Linked Interest Notes 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the applicable Final Terms specify that the 
Reference Rate is SONIA, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will be calculated in 
accordance with Condition 3.3(b)(iii)(A), Condition 3.3(b)(iii)(B) or Condition 3.3(b)(iii)(C) 
below, subject to the provisions of Condition 3.3(b)(iii)(D) and Condition 3.3(b)(iii)(E) below, 
as applicable. 
(A) 
Where the Calculation Method is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being 
“SONIA Compounded Daily”, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will be the 
Compounded Daily SONIA plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) 
the Margin (if any), all as determined by the Calculation Agent as at the Interest 
Determination Date and the resulting percentage being rounded (if necessary) to the 
fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards. 
The following definitions shall apply for the purpose of the Conditions: 
Compounded Daily SONIA means with respect to an Interest Period, the rate of 
return of a daily compound interest investment in Sterling (with the daily Sterling 
Overnight Index Average (SONIA) as reference rate for the calculation of interest) 
and will be calculated  as follows: 
(x) 
if “Lag” or “Lock-out” is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, in accordance with the following formula: 
 
(y) 
if “Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final 
Terms, in accordance with the following formula: 
ቂ∏
ቀ1 +
𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑖𝑖×𝑛𝑛𝑖𝑖
365
ቁ
𝑑𝑑𝑜𝑜
𝑖𝑖=1
−1ቃ×
365
𝑑𝑑where, in each case:

--- Page 154 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
154 
 
 
d is the number of calendar days in (x) if “Lag” or “Lock-out” is specified as the 
Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant Interest Period, or (y) 
if “Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, the 
relevant Observation Period; 
d0 means (x) if “Lag” or “Lock-out” is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, in respect of an Interest Period, the number of London 
Banking Days in the relevant Interest Period, or (y) if “Shift” is specified as the 
Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, in respect of an Observation 
Period, the number of London Banking Days in the relevant Observation Period; 
i is a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the relevant London 
Banking Day in chronological order from, and including, the first London Banking 
Day (x) if “Lag” or “Lock-out” is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, in the relevant Interest Period or (y) if “Shift” is specified as 
the Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, in the relevant Observation 
Period; 
Interest Period End Date shall have the meaning specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
Lock-out Period means, in respect of an Interest Period, the period from and 
including the day following the Interest Determination Date to, but excluding, the 
Interest Period End Date falling at the end of such Interest Period; 
London Banking Day or LBD means any day on which commercial banks are open 
for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in London; 
ni, for any London Banking Dayi, means the number of calendar days from and 
including such London Banking Dayi up to but excluding the following London 
Banking Day; 
Observation Period means the period from and including the date falling "p" London 
Banking Days prior to the first day of the relevant Interest Period (and the first Interest 
Period shall begin on and include the Interest Commencement Date) and ending on, 
but excluding, the date falling "p" London Banking Days prior to the Interest Period 
End Date for such Interest Period (or the date falling "p" London Banking Days prior 
to such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes become due and payable); 
p means, in respect of an Interest Period where “Lag” or “Shift” is specified as the 
Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, five London Banking Days or 
such greater number of days as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
Reference Day means each London Banking Day in the relevant Interest Period that 
is not a London Banking Day falling in the Lock-out Period; 
the SONIA reference rate, means, in respect of any London Banking Day, a 
reference rate equal to the daily Sterling Overnight Index Average (SONIA) rate for 
such London Banking Day as provided by the administrator of SONIA to authorised 
distributors and as then published on the Relevant Screen Page or, if the Relevant 
Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise published by such authorised distributors (in 
each case on the London Banking Day immediately following such London Banking 
Day);

--- Page 155 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
155 
 
 
SONIAi means, in respect of any London Banking Day i: 
(x)  
if “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, 
the SONIA reference rate in respect of pLBD in respect of such London 
Banking Dayi; or 
(y)  
if “Lock-out” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final 
Terms: 
(1) 
in respect of any London Banking Dayi that is a Reference Day, the 
SONIA reference rate in respect of the London Banking Day 
immediately preceding such Reference Day; otherwise 
(2) 
the SONIA reference rate in respect of the London Banking Day 
immediately preceding the Interest Determination Date for the 
relevant Interest Period; 
(z) 
if “Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final 
Terms, the SONIA reference rate for such London Banking Dayi; and 
SONIAi-pLBD means: 
(x) 
if “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, 
in respect of a London Banking Dayi, SONIAi in respect of the London 
Banking Day falling “p” London Banking Days prior to such London 
Banking Dayi (pLBD); or 
(y) 
if “Lock-out” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final 
Terms, in respect of a London Banking Dayi, SONIAi in respect of such 
London Banking Dayi. 
(B) 
Where the Calculation Method is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being 
“SONIA Index Compounded Daily”, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will 
be the Compounded Daily SONIA Index plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable 
Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the Calculation Agent as at the 
Interest Determination Date and the resulting percentage being rounded (if necessary) 
to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards. 
The following definitions shall apply for the purpose of the Conditions: 
Compounded Daily SONIA Index means with respect to an Interest Period, the rate 
of return of a daily compound interest investment in Sterling (with the daily Sterling 
Overnight Index Average (SONIA) as a reference rate for the calculation of interest) 
by reference to the screen rate or index for compounded daily SONIA rates 
administered by the administrator of the SONIA reference rate that is published or 
displayed by such administrator or other information service from time to time on the 
relevant Interest Determination Date, as further specified in the applicable Final 
Terms (the SONIA Compounded Index) and will be calculated as follows: 
 
where, in each case:

--- Page 156 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
156 
 
 
d is the number of calendar days from (and including) the day in relation to which 
SONIA Compounded IndexStart is determined to (but excluding) the day in relation to 
which SONIA Compounded IndexEnd is determined; 
London Banking Day or LBD means any day on which commercial banks are open 
for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in London; 
p means five London Banking Days or such greater number of days as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms; 
Compounded IndexStart means, with respect to an Interest Period, the SONIA 
Compounded Index determined in relation to the day falling “p” London Banking 
Days prior to the first day of such Interest Period; and 
SONIA Compounded IndexEnd means, with respect to an Interest Period, the SONIA 
Compounded Index determined in relation to the day falling “p” London Banking 
Days prior to the Interest Period End Date for such Interest Period (or the date falling 
“p” London Banking Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes 
become due and payable). 
(C) 
Where the Calculation Method is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being 
“SONIA Weighted Average”, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will be the 
Weighted Average SONIA plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) 
the Margin (if any), all as determined by the Calculation Agent as at the Interest 
Determination Date and the resulting percentage being rounded (if necessary) to the 
fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards. 
The following definitions shall apply for the purposes of the Conditions: 
Weighted Average SONIA means: 
(x) 
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final 
Terms, the sum of the SONIA reference rate in respect of each calendar day 
during the relevant Observation Period divided by the number of calendar 
days during such Observation Period. For these purposes, the SONIA 
reference rate in respect of any calendar day which is not a London Banking 
Day shall be deemed to be the SONIA reference rate in respect of the London 
Banking Day immediately preceding such calendar day; or 
(y) 
where “Lock-out” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable 
Final Terms, the sum of the SONIA reference rate in respect of each calendar 
day during the relevant Interest Period divided by the number of calendar 
days in the relevant Interest Period, provided that, for any calendar day of 
such Interest Period falling in the Lock-out Period for the relevant Interest 
Period, the SONIA reference rate for such calendar day will be deemed to be 
the SONIA reference rate in respect of the London Banking Day immediately 
preceding the first day of such Lock-out Period. For these purposes, the 
SONIA reference rate in respect of any calendar day which is not a London 
Banking Day shall, subject to the preceding proviso, be deemed to be the 
SONIA reference rate in respect of the London Banking Day immediately 
preceding such calendar day.

--- Page 157 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
157 
 
 
(D) 
Where the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period is calculated in accordance with 
Condition 3.3(b)(iii)(B) above, if the relevant SONIA Compounded Index is not 
published or displayed by the administrator of the SONIA reference rate or other 
information service by 5.00 p.m. (London time) (or, if later, by the time falling one 
hour after the customary or scheduled time for publication thereof in accordance with 
the then-prevailing operational procedures of the administrator of the SONIA 
reference rate or of such other information service, as the case may be) on the relevant 
Interest Determination Date, the Rate of Interest shall be calculated for the Interest 
Period for which the SONIA Compounded Index is not available in accordance with 
Condition 3.3(b)(iii)(A) above and for these purposes the “Observation Method” shall 
be deemed to be “Shift”. 
(E) 
If, in respect of any London Banking Day, the Calculation Agent determines that the 
SONIA reference rate is not available on the Relevant Screen Page or has not 
otherwise been published by the relevant authorised distributors, such SONIA 
reference rate shall be: 
I. 
(a) the Bank of England’s Bank Rate (the Bank Rate) prevailing at close of 
business on the relevant London Banking Day; plus (b) the arithmetic mean 
of the spread of the SONIA reference rate to the Bank Rate over the previous 
five London Banking Days on which the SONIA reference rate has been 
published, excluding the highest spread (or, if there is more than one highest 
spread, one only of those highest spreads) and lowest spread (or, if there is 
more than one lowest spread, one only of those lowest spreads) to the Bank 
Rate, or 
II. 
if such Bank Rate is not available, the SONIA reference rate published on the 
Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise published by the relevant authorised 
distributors) for the first preceding London Banking Day on which the 
SONIA reference rate was published on the Relevant Screen Page (or 
otherwise published by the relevant authorised distributors). 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event of the Bank of England publishing 
guidance as to (a) how the SONIA reference is to be determined or (b) any rate that 
is to replace the SONIA reference rate, the Calculation Agent, as applicable, shall 
follow such guidance to determine the SONIA reference rate for so long as the SONIA 
reference is not available or has not been published by the authorised distributors. 
If the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing 
provisions of this Condition 3.3(b)(iii), the Rate of Interest shall be (A) that 
determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though substituting, 
where a different Margin is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that 
which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin relating to the relevant 
Interest Period, in place of the Margin relating to that last preceding Interest Period) 
or (B) if there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date, the initial Interest 
Rate which would have been applicable to the Notes for the first Interest Period had 
the Notes been in issue for a period equal in duration to the scheduled first Interest 
Period but ending on (and excluding) the Interest Commencement Date (but applying 
the Margin applicable to the first Interest Period). 
If the relevant Series of Notes become due and payable in accordance with 
Condition 8 (Events of Default), the final Interest Determination Date shall, 
notwithstanding any Interest Determination Date specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, be deemed to be the date on which such Notes became due and payable and

--- Page 158 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
158 
 
 
the Rate of Interest on such Notes shall, for so long as any such Note remains 
outstanding, be that determined on such date and as if (solely for the purpose of such 
interest determination) the relevant Interest Period had been shortened accordingly. 
(iv) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes referencing SOFR, other than CMS Linked 
Interest Notes 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate of Interest (the Screen Rate) is to be determined and the applicable Final 
Terms specify that the Reference Rate is SOFR, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period 
will be calculated in accordance with Condition 3.3(b)(iv)(A) or Condition 3.3(b)(iv)(B) 
below, subject to the provisions of Condition 3.3(b)(iv)(D) below: 
(A) 
Where the Calculation Method is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being 
“SOFR Arithmetic Mean”, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will be the 
SOFR Arithmetic Mean plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the 
Margin (if any), all as determined by the Calculation Agent as at the relevant Interest 
Determination Date, as follows, and the resulting percentage will be rounded if 
necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards. 
(B) 
Where the Calculation Method is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being 
“SOFR Compound”, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will be the 
Compounded Daily SOFR on the relevant Interest Determination Date plus or minus 
(as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as determined by 
the Calculation Agent with the resulting percentage being rounded, if necessary, to 
the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards. 
(C) 
The following definitions shall apply for the purpose of the Conditions: 
Bloomberg Screen SOFRRATE Page means the Bloomberg screen designated 
“SOFRRATE” or any successor page or service; 
Compounded Daily SOFR means with respect to an Interest Period, an amount equal 
to the rate of return for each calendar day during the Interest Period, compounded 
daily, calculated by the Calculation Agent on the Interest Determination Date, as 
follows: 
I. 
if “SOFR Compound with Lookback” is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms: 
 
Where: 
d means, in respect of an Interest Period, the number of calendar days in such 
Interest Period; 
d0 means, in respect of an Interest Period, the number of U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days in the relevant Interest Period; 
i means a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the 
relevant U.S. Government Securities Business Days in chronological order

--- Page 159 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
159 
 
 
from, and including, the first U.S. Government Securities Business Day in the 
relevant Interest Period;  
Lookback Period or p means five U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days or such larger number of days as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
ni means, in respect of a U.S. Government Securities Business Dayi, the 
number of calendar days from, and including, such U.S. Government 
Securities Business Dayi up to, but excluding, the following U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day;  
SOFRi means, in respect of each U.S. Government Securities Business Dayi, 
the SOFR in respect of such U.S. Government Securities Business Day; and 
SOFRi-pUSBD means, in respect of a U.S. Government Securities Business 
Dayi, SOFRi in respect of the U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
falling the number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days equal to the 
Lookback Period prior to such U.S. Government Securities Business Dayi 
(pUSBD), provided that, unless SOFR Cut-Off Date is specified as not 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, SOFRi in respect of each U.S. 
Government Securities Business Dayi in the period from, and including, the 
SOFR Cut-Off Date to, but excluding, the next occurring Interest Period End 
Date, will be SOFRi in respect of the SOFR Cut-Off Date for such Interest 
Period; 
II. 
if “SOFR Compound with Observation Period Shift” is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms: 
 
where: 
d means, in respect of an Observation Period, the number of calendar days in 
such Observation Period; 
d0 means, in respect of an Observation Period, the number of U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days in the relevant Observation Period; 
i means a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the 
relevant U.S. Government Securities Business Days in chronological order 
from, and including, the first U.S. Government Securities Business Day in the 
relevant Observation Period; 
ni means, in respect of a U.S. Government Securities Business Dayi, the 
number of calendar days from, and including, such U.S. Government 
Securities Business Dayi up to, but excluding, the following U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day; 
Observation Period means, in respect of an Interest Period, the period from, 
and including, the date falling the number of Observation Shift Days prior to 
the first day of such Interest Period and ending on, but excluding, the date 
that is the number of Observation Shift Days prior to the next occurring 
Interest Period End Date for such Interest Period;

--- Page 160 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
160 
 
 
Observation Shift Days means five U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days or such larger number of days as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
and 
SOFRi means, in respect of each U.S. Government Securities Business Dayi, 
the SOFR in respect of such U.S. Government Securities Business Day; 
III. 
if “SOFR Compound with Payment Delay” is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms: 
 
where: 
d means, in respect of an Interest Period, the number of calendar days in such 
Interest Period; 
d0 means, in respect of an Interest Period, the number of U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days in the relevant Interest Period; 
i means a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the 
relevant U.S. Government Securities Business Days in chronological order 
from, and including, the first U.S. Government Securities Business Day in the 
relevant Interest Period;  
Interest Period End Dates shall have the meaning specified in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
Interest Payment Dates shall be the dates occurring the number of Business 
Days equal to the Interest Payment Delay following each Interest Period End 
Date; provided that the Interest Payment Date with respect to the final Interest 
Period will be the Maturity Date or, if the Notes are to be redeemed prior to 
the Maturity Date, such earlier date on which the Notes become due and 
payable; 
Interest Payment Delay means the number of U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
Interest Determination Date shall be the Interest Period End Date at the end 
of each Interest Period; provided that the Interest Determination Date with 
respect to the final Interest Period will be the SOFR Cut-Off Date; 
ni means, in respect of a U.S. Government Securities Business Dayi the 
number of calendar days from, and including, such U.S. Government 
Securities Business Dayi up to, but excluding, the following U.S. Government 
Securities Business Dayi; and 
SOFRi means, for any U.S. Government Securities Business Dayi in the 
relevant Interest Period, the SOFR in respect of such U.S. Government 
Securities Business Dayi.

--- Page 161 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
161 
 
 
For purposes of calculating SOFR Compound with Payment Delay with 
respect to the final Interest Period, the level of SOFR for each U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day in the period from and including the 
SOFR Cut-Off Date to but excluding the Maturity Date or any earlier date on 
which the Notes become due and payable, as applicable, shall be the level of 
SOFR in respect of such SOFR Cut-Off Date. 
IV. 
if “SOFR Index with Observation Shift” is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms: 
 
where: 
dc means, in respect of each Interest Period, the number of calendar days in 
the relevant Interest Period; 
Interest Period End Dates shall have the meaning specified in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
Observation Shift Days means five U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days or such larger number of days as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
SOFR Index means with respect to any U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day, (i) the SOFR Index value as published by the NY Federal Reserve as 
such index appears on the NY Federal Reserve's Website at the SOFR 
Determination Time; or (ii) if the SOFR Index specified in (i) above does not 
so appear, unless both a SOFR Transition Event and its related SOFR 
Replacement Date have occurred, the SOFR Index as published in respect of 
the first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day for which the 
SOFR Index was published on the NY Federal Reserve’s Website; 
SOFR IndexFinal means, in respect of an Interest Period, the value of the 
SOFR Index on the date falling the number of U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days equal to the Observation Shift Days prior to the next occurring 
Interest Period End Date for such Interest Period;  
SOFR IndexInitial means, in respect of an Interest Period, the value of the 
SOFR Index on the date falling the number of U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days equal to the Observation Shift Days prior to the first day of 
such Interest Period (or, in the case of the first Interest Period, the Interest 
Commencement Date); 
NY Federal Reserve means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York; 
NY Federal Reserve's Website means the website of the NY Federal 
Reserve, currently at www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor website of the 
NY Federal Reserve or the website of any successor administrator of SOFR; 
Reuters Page USDSOFR= means the Reuters page designated 
“USDSOFR=” or any successor page or service;

--- Page 162 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
162 
 
 
SOFR means the rate determined by the Calculation Agent in respect of a 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day, in accordance with the following 
provisions: 
(i) 
the Secured Overnight Financing Rate in respect of such U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day that appears at approximately 
3:00 p.m. (New York City time) (the SOFR Determination Time) 
on the NY Federal Reserve's Website on such U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day, as such rate is reported on the Bloomberg 
Screen SOFRRATE Page for such U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day or, if no such rate is reported on the Bloomberg Screen 
SOFRRATE Page, then the Secured Overnight Financing Rate that 
is reported on the Reuters Page USDSOFR= or, if no such rate is 
reported on the Reuters Page USDSOFR=, then the Secured 
Overnight Financing Rate that appears at approximately 3:00 p.m. 
(New York City time) on the NY Federal Reserve’s Website on such 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day (the SOFR Screen Page); 
or 
(ii) 
if the rate specified in (i) above does not so appear and the 
Calculation Agent determines that a SOFR Transition Event has not 
occurred, the Secured Overnight Financing Rate published on the NY 
Federal Reserve's Website for the first preceding U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day for which the Secured Overnight Financing 
Rate was published on the NY Federal Reserve’s Website; 
SOFR Arithmetic Mean means, with respect to an Interest Period, the 
arithmetic mean of SOFR for each calendar day during such Interest Period, 
as calculated by the Calculation Agent, provided that, SOFR in respect of 
each calendar day during the period from, and including, the SOFR Cut-Off 
Date to, but excluding, the next occurring Interest Period End Date will be 
SOFR on the SOFR Cut-Off Date. For these purposes, SOFR in respect of 
any calendar day which is not a U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
shall, subject to the preceding proviso, be deemed to be SOFR in respect of 
the U.S. Government Securities Business Day immediately preceding such 
calendar day; 
SOFR Cut-Off Date means, unless specified as not applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, in respect of an Interest Period, the fourth U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day prior to the next occurring Interest 
Period End Date for such Interest Period (or such other number of U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days specified in the applicable Final 
Terms); and 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day means any day except for a 
Saturday, Sunday or a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial 
Markets Association (SIFMA) recommends that the fixed income 
departments of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes of 
trading in U.S. government securities. 
Notwithstanding Conditions 3.3(b)(iv)(A) to 3.3(b)(iv)(B) above, if the Calculation 
Agent determines on or prior to the SOFR Determination Time, that a SOFR 
Transition Event and its related SOFR Replacement Date have occurred with respect 
to the relevant SOFR Benchmark (as defined below), then the provisions set forth in

--- Page 163 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
163 
 
 
Condition 3.3(b)(iv)(D) (SOFR Replacement Provisions) below will apply to all 
determinations of the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period thereafter. 
(D) 
SOFR Replacement Provisions 
If the Issuer (in consultation with the Calculation Agent) determines at any time prior 
to the SOFR Determination Time on any U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
that a SOFR Transition Event and the related SOFR Replacement Date have occurred, 
the Issuer will appoint an agent (the Replacement Rate Determination Agent) 
which will determine the SOFR Replacement. The Replacement Rate Determination 
Agent may be (x) a leading bank, broker-dealer or benchmark agent in the principal 
financial centre of the Specified Currency as appointed by the Issuer, (y) the Issuer, 
(z) an affiliate of the Issuer or the Calculation Agent or (zz) such other entity that the 
Issuer determines to be competent to carry out such role. 
In connection with the determination of the SOFR Replacement, the Replacement 
Rate Determination Agent will determine appropriate SOFR Replacement 
Conforming Changes. 
Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Issuer (in 
consultation with the Calculation Agent) or Replacement Rate Determination Agent 
(as the case may be) pursuant to these provisions, will (in the absence of manifest 
error) be conclusive and binding on the Issuer, the Calculation Agent, the Agent and 
the Noteholders. 
Following the designation of a SOFR Replacement, the Issuer (in consultation with 
the Calculation Agent) may subsequently determine that a SOFR Transition Event 
and a related SOFR Replacement Date have occurred in respect of such SOFR 
Replacement, provided that the SOFR Benchmark has already been substituted by the 
SOFR Replacement and any SOFR Replacement Conforming Changes in connection 
with such substitution have been applied. In such circumstances, the SOFR 
Replacement shall be deemed to be the SOFR Benchmark and all relevant definitions 
shall be construed accordingly. 
In connection with the SOFR Replacement Provisions above, the following 
definitions shall apply: 
ISDA Definitions means the 2006 ISDA Definitions published by the International 
Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. or any successor thereto, as amended or 
supplemented from time to time, or any successor definitional booklet for interest rate 
derivatives published from time to time; 
ISDA Fallback Adjustment means the spread adjustment (which may be a positive 
or negative value or zero) that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing 
the ISDA Definitions to be determined upon the occurrence of an index cessation 
event with respect to SOFR for the applicable tenor; 
ISDA Fallback Rate means the rate that would apply for derivatives transactions 
referencing the ISDA Definitions to be effective upon the occurrence of a SOFR 
Transition Event with respect to SOFR for the applicable tenor excluding the 
applicable ISDA Fallback Adjustment; 
Relevant Governmental Body means the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve 
System and/or the NY Federal Reserve or a committee officially endorsed or

--- Page 164 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
164 
 
 
convened by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System and/or the NY 
Federal Reserve or any successor thereto; 
SOFR Benchmark means (a) (unless “SOFR Index with Observation Shift” is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) SOFR or (b) SOFR Index (each as defined in 
Condition 3.3(b)(iv)(C) above); 
SOFR Replacement means any one (or more) of the SOFR Replacement Alternatives 
to be determined by the Replacement Rate Determination Agent as of the SOFR 
Replacement Date if the Issuer (in consultation with the Calculation Agent), 
determines that a SOFR Transition Event and its related SOFR Replacement Date 
have occurred on or prior to the SOFR Determination Time in respect of any 
determination of the SOFR Benchmark on any U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day in accordance with: 
(a) 
the order of priority specified SOFR Replacement Alternatives Priority in the 
applicable Final Terms; or 
(b) 
if no such order of priority is specified, in accordance with the priority set 
forth below: 
(i) 
Relevant Governmental Body Replacement; 
(ii) 
ISDA Fallback Replacement; and 
(iii) 
Industry Replacement, 
provided that, in each case, if the Replacement Rate Determination Agent is unable 
to determine the SOFR Replacement in accordance with the first SOFR Replacement 
Alternative listed, it shall attempt to determine the SOFR Replacement in accordance 
with each subsequent SOFR Replacement Alternative until a SOFR Replacement is 
determined. The SOFR Replacement will replace the then-current SOFR Benchmark 
for the purpose of determining the relevant Rate of Interest in respect of the relevant 
Interest Period and each subsequent Interest Period, subject to the occurrence of a 
subsequent SOFR Transition Event and related SOFR Replacement Date; 
SOFR Replacement Alternatives means: 
(a) 
the sum of: (i) the alternative rate that has been selected or recommended by 
the Relevant Governmental Body as the replacement for the then-current 
SOFR Benchmark for the relevant Interest Period and (ii) the SOFR 
Replacement 
Adjustment 
(the 
Relevant 
Governmental 
Body 
Replacement); 
(b) 
the sum of: (i) the ISDA Fallback Rate and (ii) the SOFR Replacement 
Adjustment (the ISDA Fallback Replacement); or 
(c) 
the sum of: (i) the alternative rate that has been selected by the Replacement 
Rate Determination Agent as the replacement for the then-current SOFR 
Benchmark for the relevant Interest Period giving due consideration to any 
industry-accepted rate as a replacement for the then-current SOFR 
Benchmark for U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate securities at such time 
and (ii) the SOFR Replacement Adjustment (the Industry Replacement);

--- Page 165 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
165 
 
 
SOFR Replacement Adjustment means the first alternative set forth in the order 
below that can be determined by the Replacement Rate Determination Agent as of the 
applicable SOFR Replacement Date: 
(a) 
the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread 
adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been 
selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body for the 
applicable Unadjusted SOFR Replacement; 
(b) 
if the applicable Unadjusted SOFR Replacement is equivalent to the ISDA 
Fallback Rate, the ISDA Fallback Adjustment; or 
(c) 
the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) 
determined by the Replacement Rate Determination Agent giving due 
consideration to any industry-accepted spread adjustment, or method for 
calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of the 
then-current SOFR Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted SOFR 
Replacement for U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate securities at such time; 
SOFR Replacement Conforming Changes means, with respect to any SOFR 
Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes (including, but not 
limited to, changes to timing and frequency of determining rates with respect to each 
interest period and making payments of interest, rounding of amounts or tenors, day 
count fractions, business day convention and other administrative matters) that the 
Replacement Rate Determination Agent decides may be appropriate to reflect the 
adoption of such SOFR Replacement in a manner substantially consistent with market 
practice (or, if the Replacement Rate Determination Agent determines that adoption 
of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the 
Replacement Rate Determination Agent determines that no market practice for use of 
the SOFR Replacement exists, in such other manner as the Replacement Rate 
Determination Agent or the Calculation Agent, as the case may be, determines is 
reasonably necessary, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner); 
SOFR Replacement Date means the earliest to occur of the following events with 
respect to the then-current SOFR Benchmark (including the daily published 
component used in the calculation thereof): 
(a) 
in the case of sub-paragraphs (a) or (b) of the definition of “SOFR Transition 
Event” the later of (i) the date of the public statement or publication of 
information referenced therein and (ii) the date on which the administrator of 
the SOFR Benchmark permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide the 
SOFR Benchmark (or such component); or 
(b) 
in the case of sub-paragraph (c) of the definition of “SOFR Transition Event” 
the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced 
therein; or 
(c) 
in the case of sub-paragraph (d), the last such consecutive U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day on which the SOFR Benchmark has not been 
published,  
provided that, in the event of any public statements or publications of information as 
referenced in sub-paragraphs (a) or (b) above, should such event or circumstance 
referred to in such a public statement or publication occur on a date falling later than

--- Page 166 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
166 
 
 
three months after the relevant public statement or publication, the SOFR Transition 
Event shall be deemed to occur on the date falling three months prior to such specified 
date (and not the date of the relevant public statement or publication). 
For the avoidance of doubt, if the event giving rise to the SOFR Replacement Date 
occurs on the same day as, but earlier than, the SOFR Determination Time in respect 
of any determination, the SOFR Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred 
prior to the SOFR Determination Time for such determination. 
SOFR Transition Event means the occurrence of any one or more of the following 
events with respect to the then-current SOFR Benchmark (including the daily 
published component used in the calculation thereof): 
(a) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the 
administrator of the SOFR Benchmark (or such component, if relevant) 
announcing that such administrator has ceased or will cease to provide the 
SOFR Benchmark (or such component, if relevant), permanently or 
indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there 
is no successor administrator that will continue to provide the SOFR 
Benchmark (or such component, if relevant); 
(b) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor 
for the administrator of the Benchmark (or such component, if relevant), the 
central bank for the currency of the SOFR Benchmark (or such component, 
if relevant), an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator for 
the SOFR Benchmark (or such component, if relevant), a resolution authority 
with jurisdiction over the administrator for SOFR Benchmark (or such 
component, if relevant) or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or 
resolution authority over the administrator for the SOFR Benchmark (or such 
component, if relevant), which states that the administrator of the SOFR 
Benchmark (or such component, if relevant) has ceased or will cease to 
provide the SOFR Benchmark (or such component, if relevant) permanently 
or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, 
there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide the SOFR 
Benchmark (or such component, if relevant); 
(c) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor 
for the administrator of the SOFR Benchmark (or such component, if 
relevant) announcing that the SOFR Benchmark (or such component, if 
relevant) is no longer representative, the SOFR Benchmark (or such 
component, if relevant) has been or will be prohibited from being used or that 
its use has been or will be subject to restrictions or adverse consequences, 
either generally or in respect of the Notes; or 
(d) 
the SOFR Benchmark is not published by its administrator (or a successor 
administrator) for six consecutive U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days; and 
Unadjusted SOFR Replacement means the SOFR Replacement prior to the 
application of any SOFR Replacement Adjustment.

--- Page 167 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
167 
 
 
(v) 
Floating Rate Notes which are CMS Linked Interest Notes 
Where the Reference Rate is specified as being the CMS Reference Rate, the Rate of Interest 
for each Interest Period will be calculated by the relevant Calculation Agent in accordance 
with the provisions set out below and the following formula: 
CMS Rate + Margin  
As used above: 
CMS Linked Interest Notes means Floating Rate Notes where the Reference Rate is 
specified to be the CMS Rate. 
CMS Rate shall mean the Relevant Swap Rate for swap transactions in the Reference 
Currency with a maturity of the Designated Maturity (expressed as a percentage rate per 
annum) which appears on the Relevant Screen Page as at the Relevant Time on the Interest 
Determination Date in question, all as determined by the relevant Calculation Agent. 
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available, the relevant Calculation Agent shall request each 
of the Reference Banks (as defined below) to provide the Calculation Agent with its quotation 
for the Relevant Swap Rate (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) at approximately the 
Relevant Time on the Interest Determination Date in question.  If three or more of the 
Reference Banks provide the relevant Calculation Agent with such quotations, the CMS Rate 
for such Interest Period shall be the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal 
place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the quotations, eliminating the highest 
quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the highest) and the lowest quotation (or, in the 
event of equality, one of the lowest). 
For this purpose: 
Margin has the meaning specified in the Final Terms. 
Reference Banks means (i) where the Reference Currency is Euro, the principal office of five 
leading swap dealers in the inter-bank market, (ii) where the Reference Currency is Sterling, 
the principal London office of five leading swap dealers in the London inter-bank market, (iii) 
where the Reference Currency is United States dollars, the principal New York City office of 
five leading swap dealers in the New York City inter-bank market, or (iv) in the case of any 
other Reference Currency, the principal Relevant Financial Centre office of five leading swap 
dealers in the Relevant Financial Centre inter-bank market, in each case as selected by the 
Issuer. 
Relevant Screen Page has the meaning specified in the Final Terms. 
Relevant Swap Rate means: 
(A) 
where the Reference Currency is euro, the mid-market annual swap rate determined 
on the basis of the arithmetic mean of the bid and offered rates for the annual fixed 
leg, calculated on a 30/360 day count basis, of a fixed-for-floating euro interest rate 
swap transaction with a term equal to the Designated Maturity commencing on the 
first day of the relevant Interest Period and in a Representative Amount with an 
acknowledged dealer of good credit in the swap market, where the floating leg, in 
each case calculated on an Actual/360 day count basis, is equivalent to EUR-
EURIBOR-Reuters (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) with a designated maturity

--- Page 168 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
168 
 
 
determined by the relevant Calculation Agent by reference to standard market practice 
and/or the ISDA Definitions; 
(B) 
where the Reference Currency is Sterling, the mid-market semi-annual swap rate 
determined on the basis of the arithmetic mean of the bid and offered rates for the 
semi-annual fixed leg, calculated on an Actual/365 (Fixed) day count basis, of a fixed-
for-floating Sterling interest rate swap transaction with a term equal to the Designated 
Maturity commencing on the first day of the relevant Interest Period and in a 
Representative Amount with an acknowledged dealer of good credit in the swap 
market, where the floating leg, in each case calculated on an Actual/365 (Fixed) day 
count basis, is equivalent (A) if the Designated Maturity is greater than one year, to 
GBP-LIBOR-BBA (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) with a designated maturity 
of six months or (B) if the Designated Maturity is one year or less, to GBP-LIBOR-
BBA with a designated maturity of three months; 
(C) 
where the Reference Currency is United States dollars, the mid-market semi-annual 
swap rate determined on the basis of the mean of the bid and offered rates for the 
semi-annual fixed leg, calculated on a 30/360 day count basis, of a fixed-for-floating 
United States dollar interest rate swap transaction with a term equal to the Designated 
Maturity commencing on the first day of the relevant Interest Period and in a 
Representative Amount with an acknowledged dealer of good credit in the swap 
market, where the floating leg, calculated on an Actual/360 day count basis, is 
equivalent to USD-LIBOR-BBA (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) with a 
designated maturity of three months; and 
(D) 
where the Reference Currency is any other currency, the mid-market swap rate as 
determined by the relevant Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion on a 
commercial basis as it shall consider appropriate and in accordance with standard 
market practice. 
Relevant Time has the meaning specified in the Final Terms. 
Representative Amount means an amount that is representative for a single transaction in 
the relevant market at the relevant time. 
If on any Interest Determination Date fewer than three or none of the Reference Banks 
provides the relevant Calculation Agent with such quotations as provided in the preceding 
paragraph, the CMS Rate shall be determined by the relevant Calculation Agent in its sole and 
absolute discretion on a commercial basis as it shall consider appropriate and in accordance 
with standard market practice. 
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms, the Minimum Rate of Interest shall be deemed 
to be zero.  
(c) 
Minimum Rate of Interest and/or Maximum Rate of Interest 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Minimum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, in the 
event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance with the 
provisions of paragraph (b) above is less than such Minimum Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest for 
such Interest Period shall be such Minimum Rate of Interest. 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Maximum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, in 
the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance with the

--- Page 169 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
169 
 
 
provisions of paragraph (b) above is greater than such Maximum Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest 
for such Interest Period shall be such Maximum Rate of Interest. 
(d) 
Determination of Rate of Interest and calculation of Interest Amounts 
The Agent will at or as soon as practicable after each time at which the Rate of Interest is to be 
determined, determine the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period.  
The Agent will calculate the amount of interest (the Interest Amount) payable on the Floating Rate 
Notes for the relevant Interest Period by applying the Rate of Interest to: 
(i) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes which are represented by a Global Note, the aggregate 
outstanding nominal amount of the Notes represented by such Global Note (or, if they are 
Partly Paid Notes, the aggregate amount paid up); or 
(ii) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes in definitive form, the Calculation Amount, 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the 
resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit 
being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention.  Where the 
Specified Denomination of a Floating Rate Note in definitive form is a multiple of the Calculation 
Amount, the Interest Amount payable in respect of such Note shall be the product of the amount 
(determined in the manner provided above) for the Calculation Amount and the amount by which the 
Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination, without any further rounding. 
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in accordance with 
this Condition 3.3: 
(i) 
if "Actual/Actual (ISDA)" or "Actual/Actual" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
actual number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Interest 
Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (I) the actual number of days in that portion of the 
Interest Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (II) the actual number of days in that 
portion of the Interest Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(ii) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days 
in the Interest Period divided by 365; 
(iii) 
if "Actual/365 (Sterling)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days 
in the Interest Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest Payment Date falling in a 
leap year, 366; 
(iv) 
if "Actual/360" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 360; 
(v) 
if "30/360", "360/360" or "Bond Basis" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number 
of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
          
          
          
          
          
360
  
          
)
D
-
  
(D
 
 
)]
M
 - 
(M
 x 
[30
 
 
)]
Y
 - 
(Y
 x 
[360
1
2
1
2
1
2
+
+

--- Page 170 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
170 
 
 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
of the Interest Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such 
number is 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which 
case D2 will be 30; 
(vi) 
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of 
days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
of the Interest Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; and 
(vii) 
if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
of the Interest Period falls; 
          
          
          
          
          
360
  
          
)
D
-
  
(D
 
 
)]
M
 - 
(M
 x 
[30
 
 
)]
Y
 - 
(Y
 x 
[360
1
2
1
2
1
2
+
+
          
          
          
          
          
360
  
          
)
D
-
  
(D
 
 
)]
M
 - 
(M
 x 
[30
 
 
)]
Y
 - 
(Y
 x 
[360
1
2
1
2
1
2
+
+

--- Page 171 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
171 
 
 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless (i) that day 
is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Interest Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Maturity Date 
or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30. 
(e) 
Linear Interpolation 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the applicable 
Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated by the Agent by straight 
line linear interpolation by reference to two rates based on the relevant Reference Rate (where Screen 
Rate Determination is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms) or the relevant Floating 
Rate Option (where ISDA Determination is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms), one 
of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of time for which rates are 
available next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest Period and the other of which shall be 
determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available next 
longer than the length of the relevant Interest Period provided however that if there is no rate available 
for a period of time next shorter or, as the case may be, next longer, then the Agent shall determine 
such rate at such time and by reference to such sources as it determines appropriate.  
Designated Maturity means, in relation to Screen Rate Determination, the period of time designated 
in the Reference Rate. 
(f) 
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amounts 
The Agent will cause the Rate of Interest and each Interest Amount for each Interest Period and the 
relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to the Issuer and any stock exchange on which the 
relevant Floating Rate Notes are for the time being listed and notice thereof to be published in 
accordance with Condition 13 (Notices) as soon as possible after their determination but in no event 
later than the fourth London Business Day thereafter.  Each Interest Amount and Interest Payment 
Date so notified may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way 
of adjustment) without prior notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period.  
Any such amendment will promptly be notified to each stock exchange on which the relevant Floating 
Rate Notes are for the time being listed and to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 
(Notices). 
(g) 
Certificates to be final 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and decisions 
given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this Condition 3.3 by the 
Agent shall (in the absence of wilful default, bad faith or manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the 
Agent, the other Paying Agents and all Noteholders and Couponholders and (in the absence of wilful 
default or bad faith) no liability to the Issuer, the Noteholders or the Couponholders shall attach to the 
Agent in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions 
pursuant to such provisions.

--- Page 172 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
172 
 
 
3.4 
Benchmark Discontinuation 
If the Issuer (in consultation with the Calculation Agent) determines that a Benchmark Event (as 
defined below) has occurred in relation to an Original Reference Rate, other than SOFR, when any 
Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) remains to be determined by reference to such Original 
Reference Rate, then the Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser, 
as soon as reasonably practicable, with a view to the Issuer and the Independent Adviser (acting in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) determining, no later than three Business Days 
prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date, a Successor Rate, failing which an Alternative Rate 
(in accordance with Condition 3.4(a) below) and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread if any (in 
accordance with Condition 3.4(b) below) and any Benchmark Amendments (in accordance with 
Condition 3.4(c) below). 
(a) 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
If the Issuer and the Independent Adviser (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner): 
(i) 
agree that there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate shall (subject to adjustment as 
provided in Condition 3.4(b) below) subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference 
Rate to determine the Interest Rate (or the relevant component part thereof) for all future 
payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 3.4); 
or 
(ii) 
agree that there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such Alternative 
Rate shall (subject to adjustment as provided in Condition 3.4(b) below) subsequently be used 
in place of the Original Reference Rate to determine the Interest Rate (or the relevant 
component part thereof) for all future payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the 
subsequent operation of this Condition 3.4). 
If the Issuer (i) is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or (ii) the Issuer and the Independent 
Adviser, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, do not agree on the selection 
of a Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate, the fallback provisions set out in Conditions 3.2 (Interest 
on Fixed Reset Notes) and 3.3 (Interest on Floating Rate Notes) and the applicable Final Terms, as the 
case may be, shall continue to apply. For the avoidance of doubt, this Condition 3.4(a) shall apply to 
the relevant next succeeding Reset Period or Interest Period only and any subsequent Reset Periods or 
Interest Periods are subject to the subsequent operation of, and to adjustment as provided in, this 
Condition 3.4(a). 
(b) 
Adjustment spread 
If the Issuer and the Independent Adviser agree (i) that an Adjustment Spread is required to be applied 
to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and (ii) the quantum of, or a formula 
or methodology for determining, such Adjustment Spread, then such Adjustment Spread shall be 
applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be). 
(c) 
Benchmark Amendments  
If any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread is determined in accordance with this 
Condition 3.4 and the Issuer and the Independent Adviser agree: (i) that amendments to these 
Conditions and/or the Agency Agreement are necessary to ensure the proper operation of such 
Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment Spread (such amendments, the Benchmark 
Amendments) and (ii) the terms of the Benchmark Amendments, then the Issuer and the Principal 
Paying Agent shall, subject to giving notice thereof in accordance with Condition 3.4(d) below,

--- Page 173 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
173 
 
 
without any requirement for the consent or approval of Noteholders, vary these Conditions and/or the 
Agency Agreement to give effect to such Benchmark Amendments with effect from the date specified 
in such notice. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 3.4, the Calculation Agent or any Paying Agent 
is not obliged to concur with the Issuer or the Independent Adviser in respect of any changes or 
amendments as contemplated under this Condition 3.4(c) to which, in the sole opinion of the 
Calculation Agent or the relevant Paying Agent, as the case may be, would impose more onerous 
obligations upon it or expose it to any additional duties, responsibilities or liabilities or reduce or 
amend the protective provisions afforded to the Calculation Agent or the relevant Paying Agent (as 
applicable) in the Agency Agreement and/or these Conditions. 
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition 3.4(c), the Issuer shall comply 
with the rules of any stock exchange on which the Notes are for the time being listed or admitted to 
trading. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 3.4, no Successor Rate or Alternative Rate will 
be adopted, nor any Adjustment Spread applied, nor will any Benchmark Amendments be made, if 
and to the extent that, in the determination of the Issuer, the same could reasonably be expected to 
prejudice the treatment of any relevant Series of Notes as Tier 2 capital or Eligible Liabilities, in each 
case of the Issuer or the Group, as applicable, or could reasonably result in the Regulator and/or the 
Relevant Resolution Authority treating any future Interest Payment Date (including any Reset Date) 
as the effective maturity of the Notes, rather than the relevant Maturity Date. 
(d) 
Notice 
Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of any Benchmark 
Amendments, determined under this Condition 3.4 will be notified promptly by the Issuer to the 
Paying Agents and, in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices), the Noteholders.  Such notice shall be 
irrevocable and shall specify the effective date of the Benchmark Amendments, if any and will be 
binding on the Issuer, the Paying Agents and the Noteholders. 
No later than the date on which the Issuer notifies the Noteholders of the same, the Issuer shall deliver 
to the Calculation Agent and the Paying Agents a certificate signed by two authorised signatories of 
the Issuer: 
(i) 
confirming (A) that a Benchmark Event has occurred, (B) the Successor Rate or, as the case 
may be, the Alternative Rate, (C) any Adjustment Spread and (D) the specific terms of the 
Benchmark Amendments (if any), in each case as determined in accordance with the 
provisions of this Condition 3.4; 
(ii) 
certifying that the Benchmark Amendments (if any) are necessary to ensure the proper 
operation of such Successor or Alternative Rate and any Adjustment Spread. 
The Agent shall display such certificate at its offices, for inspection by the Noteholders, at all 
reasonable times during normal business house. 
Each of the Agent, the Calculation Agent and the Paying Agents shall be entitled to rely on such 
certificate (without liability to any person) as sufficient evidence thereof. The Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread and the Benchmark Amendments (if any) specified in 
such certificate will (in the absence of manifest error or bad faith in the determination of the Successor 
Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread and the Benchmark Amendments (if any) and 
without prejudice to the Agent's or the Calculation Agent's or the Paying Agents' ability to rely on

--- Page 174 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
174 
 
 
such certificate as aforesaid) be binding on the Issuer, the Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Paying 
Agents and the Noteholders.  
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 3.4, if following the determination of any 
Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread or Benchmark Amendments (if any), in the 
Calculation Agent's opinion there is any uncertainty between two or more alternative courses of action 
in making any determination or calculation under this Condition 3.4, the Calculation Agent shall 
promptly notify the Issuer thereof and the Issuer shall direct the Calculation Agent in writing as to 
which alternative course of action to adopt. If the Calculation Agent is not promptly provided with 
such direction, or is otherwise unable (other than due to its own gross negligence, wilful default or 
fraud) to make such calculation or determination for any reason, it shall notify the Issuer thereof and 
the Calculation Agent shall be under no obligation to make such calculation or determination and (in 
the absence of such gross negligence, wilful default or fraud) shall not incur any liability for not doing 
so. 
(e) 
Survival of Original Reference Rate Provisions 
Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under Condition 3.4(a) to (d) above, the Original 
Reference Rate and the fallback provisions provided for in Condition 3.2 (Interest on Fixed Reset 
Notes) and 3.3 (Interest on Floating Rate Notes) and the applicable Final Terms, as the case may be, 
will continue to apply unless and until the Calculation Agent has been notified of the Successor Rate 
or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be), and any Adjustment Spread and Benchmark 
Amendments, in accordance with this Condition 3.4. 
(f) 
Definitions 
In this Condition 3.4, the following expressions shall have the following meanings: 
Adjustment Spread means either a spread or quantum (which may be positive or negative), or the 
formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, to be applied to the Successor Rate or 
the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and is the spread, quantum, formula or methodology which: 
(i) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the replacement of the 
Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; or 
(ii) 
(if no such recommendation has been made, or in the case of an Alternative Rate) the Issuer 
determines, following consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting in good faith and 
in a commercially reasonable manner, is customarily applied to the relevant Successor Rate 
or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) in international debt capital market transactions 
to produce an industry-accepted replacement rate for the Original Reference Rate; or 
(iii) 
 (if the Issuer determines that no such spread is customarily applied) the Issuer determines, 
following consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner, is recognised or acknowledged as being the industry 
standard for over-the counter derivative transactions which reference the Original Reference 
Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the 
case may be); or 
(iv) 
if no such spread, quantum, formula or methodology can be determined in accordance with 
(i) to (iii) above, the Issuer, in its discretion and following consultation with the Independent 
Adviser, and acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, determines to be 
appropriate, to reduce or eliminate to the extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, 
any economic prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) to the Noteholders as a result of the

--- Page 175 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
175 
 
 
replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate 
(as the case may be). 
Alternative Rate means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the Issuer determines, 
following consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner, is customary in market usage in the international debt capital markets for the 
purposes of determining floating rates of interest (or the relevant component part thereof) in the 
Specified Currency. 
Benchmark Amendments has the meaning given to it in Condition 3.4(c). 
Benchmark Event means: 
(i) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for a period of at least 5 Business Days 
or ceasing to exist; or 
(ii) 
a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that it has ceased or 
will cease publishing the Original Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely or that it will 
cease to do so by a specified future date (the Specified Future Date) (in circumstances where 
no successor administrator has been appointed that will continue publication of the Original 
Reference Rate); or 
(iii) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that 
the Original Reference Rate has been or will, by a Specified Future Date, be permanently or 
indefinitely discontinued; or 
(iv) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that 
means the Original Reference Rate will, by a Specified Future Date, be prohibited from being 
used or that its use will be subject to restrictions or adverse consequences; or 
(v) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that, 
in the view of such supervisor, such Original Reference Rate is or will, by a Specified Future 
Date, be no longer representative of an underlying market; or 
(vi) 
it has or will, by a specified date within the following six months, become unlawful for any 
Paying Agent, Calculation Agent, the Issuer or any other party to calculate any payments due 
to be made to any Noteholder using the Original Reference Rate (as applicable) (including, 
without limitation, under the Benchmarks Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, if applicable). 
Notwithstanding the sub-paragraphs above, where the relevant Benchmark Event is a public statement 
within sub-paragraphs (ii), (iii), (iv) or (v) above and the Specified Future Date in the public statement 
is more than six months after the date of that public statement, the Benchmark Event shall not be 
deemed occur until the date falling six months prior to such Specified Future Date. 
Independent Adviser means an independent financial institution of recognised standing or an 
independent financial adviser with appropriate expertise appointed by the Issuer (at its own expense). 
Original Reference Rate means: 
(i) 
the originally-specified benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) used to determine the Interest 
Rate (or any component part thereof) on the Notes; or 
(ii) 
any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate which has been determined in relation to such 
benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) pursuant to the operation of this Condition 3.4,

--- Page 176 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
176 
 
 
as applicable. 
Relevant Nominating Body means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as applicable): 
(i) 
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, 
or any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the 
administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable); or 
(ii) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted at the 
request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate(as 
applicable) relates, (b) any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible 
for supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable), (c) a group 
of the aforementioned central banks or other supervisory authorities or (d) the Financial 
Stability Board or any part thereof. 
Successor Rate means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate which is formally 
recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
3.5 
Accrual of interest 
Each Note (or in the case of the redemption of part only of a Note, that part only of such Note) will 
cease to bear interest (if any) from the date for its redemption unless payment of principal is improperly 
withheld or refused.  In such event, interest will continue to accrue until whichever is the earlier of: 
(a) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Note have been paid; and 
(b) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of such 
Note has been received by the Agent and notice to that effect has been given to the Noteholders 
in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices). 
4. 
PAYMENTS 
4.1 
Method of payment 
Subject as provided below: 
(a) 
payments in a Specified Currency other than euro will be made by credit or transfer to an 
account in the relevant Specified Currency maintained by the payee with a bank in the 
principal financial centre of the country of such Specified Currency (which, if the Specified 
Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars, shall be Sydney and Auckland, 
respectively); and 
(b) 
payments will be made in euro by credit or transfer to a euro account (or any other account to 
which euro may be credited or transferred) specified by the payee. 
Payments will be subject in all cases to (i) any fiscal or other laws and regulations applicable thereto 
in the place of payment or other laws and regulations to which the Issuer or its Agents are subject, but 
without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 6 (Taxation); and (ii) any withholding or deduction 
required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 
1986 (the Code) or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 to 1474 of the Code, any regulations 
or agreements thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, or (without prejudice to the provisions 
of Condition 6 (Taxation)) any law implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto.

--- Page 177 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
177 
 
 
4.2 
Presentation of definitive Notes and Coupons 
Payments of principal in respect of definitive Notes will (subject as provided below) be made in the 
manner provided in Condition 4.1 (Method of payment) above only against presentation and surrender 
(or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of definitive Notes, and payments of 
interest in respect of definitive Notes will (subject as provided below) be made as aforesaid only 
against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of 
Coupons, in each case at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United States (which 
expression, as used herein, means the United States of America (including the States and the District 
of Columbia and its possessions)). 
Fixed Rate Notes in definitive form (other than Long Maturity Notes (as defined below) and save as 
provided in Condition 4.4 (General provisions applicable to payments)) should be presented for 
payment together with all unmatured Coupons appertaining thereto (which expression shall for this 
purpose include Coupons falling to be issued on exchange of matured Talons), failing which the 
amount of any missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of payment not being made in full, the same 
proportion of the amount of such missing unmatured Coupon as the sum so paid bears to the sum due) 
will be deducted from the sum due for payment.  Each amount of principal so deducted will be paid 
in the manner mentioned above against surrender of the relative missing Coupon at any time before 
the expiry of 3 years after the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 6 (Taxation) in respect of such 
principal (whether or not such Coupon would otherwise have become void under Condition 7 
(Prescription)) or, if later, 3 years from the date on which such Coupon would otherwise have become 
due, but in no event thereafter. 
Upon any Fixed Rate Note in definitive form becoming due and repayable prior to its Maturity Date, 
all unmatured Talons (if any) appertaining thereto will become void and no further Coupons will be 
issued in respect thereof. 
Upon the date on which any Floating Rate Note or Long Maturity Note in definitive form becomes 
due and repayable, unmatured Coupons and Talons (if any) relating thereto (whether or not attached) 
shall become void and no payment or, as the case may be, exchange for further Coupons shall be made 
in respect thereof.  A Long Maturity Note is a Fixed Rate Note (other than a Fixed Rate Note which 
on issue had a Talon attached) whose original nominal amount on issue is less than the aggregate 
interest payable thereon provided that such Note shall cease to be a Long Maturity Note on the Interest 
Payment Date on which the aggregate amount of interest remaining to be paid after that date is less 
than the original nominal amount of such Note. 
If the due date for redemption of any definitive Note is not an Interest Payment Date, interest (if any) 
accrued in respect of such Note from (and including) the preceding Interest Payment Date or, as the 
case may be, the Interest Commencement Date shall be payable only against surrender of the relevant 
definitive Note. 
4.3 
Payments in respect of Global Notes 
Payments of principal and interest (if any) in respect of Notes represented by any Global Note will 
(subject as provided below) be made in the manner specified above in relation to definitive Notes or 
otherwise in the manner specified in the relevant Global Note, where applicable against presentation 
or surrender, as the case may be, of such Global Note at the specified office of any Paying Agent 
outside the United States.  A record of each payment made, distinguishing between any payment of 
principal and any payment of interest, will be made either on such Global Note by the Paying Agent 
to which it was presented or in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable.

--- Page 178 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
178 
 
 
4.4 
General provisions applicable to payments 
The holder of a Global Note shall be the only person entitled to receive payments in respect of Notes 
represented by such Global Note and the Issuer will be discharged by payment to, or to the order of, 
the holder of such Global Note in respect of each amount so paid.  Each of the persons shown in the 
records of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as the beneficial holder of a particular nominal 
amount of Notes represented by such Global Note must look solely to Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as the case may be, for his share of each payment so made by the Issuer to, or to the 
order of, the holder of such Global Note. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Condition 4, if any amount of principal and/or 
interest in respect of Notes is payable in U.S. dollars, such U.S. dollar payments of principal and/or 
interest in respect of such Notes will be made at the specified office of a Paying Agent in the United 
States if: 
(a) 
the Issuer has appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United States with 
the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make payment in U.S. 
dollars at such specified offices outside the United States of the full amount of principal and 
interest on the Notes in the manner provided above when due; 
(b) 
payment of the full amount of such principal and interest at all such specified offices outside 
the United States is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar 
restrictions on the full payment or receipt of principal and interest in U.S. dollars; and 
(c) 
such payment is then permitted under United States law without involving, in the opinion of 
the Issuer, adverse tax consequences to the Issuer. 
4.5 
Payment Day 
If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note or Coupon is not a Payment Day, the 
holder thereof shall not be entitled to payment until the next following Payment Day in the relevant 
place and shall not be entitled to further interest or other payment in respect of such delay.  For these 
purposes, Payment Day means any day which (subject to Condition 7 (Prescription)) is: 
(a) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open 
for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in: 
(i) 
in the case of Notes in definitive form only, the relevant place of presentation; or 
(ii) 
each Additional Financial Centre specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(b) 
either (A) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the 
principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (which if the 
Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars shall be Sydney and 
Auckland, respectively) or (B) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which the 
TARGET2 System is open. 
4.6 
Interpretation of principal and interest 
Any reference in the Conditions to principal in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, as 
applicable:

--- Page 179 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
179 
 
 
(a) 
any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to principal under Condition 6 
(Taxation); 
(b) 
the Final Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(c) 
the Early Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(d) 
the Optional Redemption Amount(s) (if any) of the Notes; and 
(e) 
any premium and any other amounts (other than interest) which may be payable by the Issuer 
under or in respect of the Notes. 
Any reference in the Conditions to interest in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, as 
applicable, any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to interest under Condition 6 
(Taxation). 
In these Conditions, Final Redemption Amount means, in respect of any Note, (i) its principal 
amount or (ii) such percentage of its principal amount to be determined by the Issuer as may be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
5. 
REDEMPTION AND PURCHASE 
5.1 
Redemption at maturity 
Senior Notes and Senior Subordinated Notes will have an original maturity of at least one year from 
their date of effective disbursement or such minimum or maximum maturity as may be permitted or 
required from time to time by Applicable Banking Regulations (including, for the avoidance of doubt, 
Applicable MREL Regulations). 
Tier 2 Subordinated Notes will have an original maturity of at least five years from their date of 
effective disbursement or such minimum or maximum maturity as may be permitted or required from 
time to time by Applicable Banking Regulations.  
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as specified below, each Note will be 
redeemed by the Issuer at its Final Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms in the 
relevant Specified Currency on the Maturity Date specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
5.2 
Redemption for tax reasons 
Subject to Condition 5.7 (Early Redemption Amounts), the Notes may be redeemed at the option of 
the Issuer in whole, but not in part: 
(a) 
at any time (if this Note is not a Floating Rate Note); or  
(b) 
on any Interest Payment Date (if this Note is a Floating Rate Note),  
on giving not less than 15 nor more than 60 calendar days' notice to the Agent and, in accordance with 
Condition 13 (Notices), the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), if, as a result of any 
change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of any Tax Jurisdiction (as defined in Condition 
6 (Taxation)) or any change in the application or official interpretation of such laws or regulations, 
which change or amendment becomes effective on or after the date on which agreement is reached to 
issue the first Tranche of the Notes:

--- Page 180 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
180 
 
 
(i) 
on the occasion of the next payment due under the Notes, the Issuer has or will become obliged 
to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in Condition 6 (Taxation) and such 
obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to it; or  
(ii) 
the Issuer would not be entitled to claim a deduction in computing taxation liabilities in any 
Tax Jurisdiction (as defined in Condition 6 (Taxation)) in respect of any payment of interest 
to be made on the Notes on the occasion of the next payment date due under the Notes or the 
value of such deduction to the Issuer would be materially reduced; or 
(iii) 
the applicable tax treatment of the Notes would be materially affected, 
provided that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest date 
on which the Issuer (i) would be obliged to pay such additional amounts were a payment in respect of 
the Notes then due, (ii) would no longer be entitled to claim a deduction or the amount of such 
deduction would be materially reduced or (iii) would be obliged to apply the materially affected 
applicable tax treatment. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition 5.2, the Issuer shall 
(i) deliver to the Agent to make available at its specified office to the Noteholders a certificate signed 
by two Directors of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and setting 
forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer so to redeem 
have occurred and (ii) use its best efforts to deliver to the Agent to make available at its specified 
office to the Noteholders an opinion of independent legal advisers of recognised standing to the effect 
that the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay such additional amounts as a result of such change 
or amendment and, in the case of Subordinated Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Ordinary 
Senior Notes eligible to comply with MREL Requirements, a copy of the permission of the Regulator 
and/or the Relevant Resolution Authority, to redemption, if and as required therefor under Applicable 
Banking Regulations (including, for the avoidance of doubt, Applicable MREL Regulations). 
Notes redeemed pursuant to this Condition 5.2 will be redeemed at their Early Redemption Amount 
referred to in Condition 5.7 (Early Redemption Amounts) below together (if appropriate) with interest 
accrued to (but excluding) the date of redemption. 
Redemption for taxation reasons in the case of Subordinated Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and 
Ordinary Senior Notes eligible to comply with MREL Requirements, will be subject to the prior 
permission of the Regulator and/or the Relevant Resolution Authority if and as required therefor under 
Applicable Banking Regulations (including, for the avoidance of doubt, Applicable MREL 
Regulations) and may only take place in accordance with Applicable Banking Regulations (including, 
for the avoidance of doubt, Applicable MREL Regulations) in force at the relevant time. 
In these Conditions, a Relevant Resolution Authority means the Fondo de Resolución Ordenada 
Bancaria (FROB), the Single Resolution Board (SRB) established pursuant to the SRM Regulation 
and/or any other authority entitled to exercise or participate in the exercise of any Loss Absorbing 
Power (as defined in Condition 17 (Loss Absorbing Power)) from time to time.  
5.3 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call) 
If Issuer Call is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may, subject in 
the case of Subordinated Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Ordinary Senior Notes eligible to 
comply with MREL Requirements, to compliance with the Applicable Banking Regulations 
(including, for the avoidance of doubt, Applicable MREL Regulations) then in force and subject to the 
prior permission of the Regulator and/or the Relevant Resolution Authority, if and as required therefor 
under Applicable Banking Regulations (including, for the avoidance of doubt, Applicable MREL 
Regulations), having given not less than 15 calendar days' notice to the Noteholders in accordance

--- Page 181 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
181 
 
 
with Condition 13 (Notices) (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for 
redemption), redeem all or some only of the Notes then outstanding on any Optional Redemption Date 
and at the Optional Redemption Amount(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms together, if 
appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the relevant Optional Redemption Date.  Any 
such redemption must be of a nominal amount not less than the Minimum Redemption Amount and 
not more than the Maximum Redemption Amount, in each case as may be specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. In these Conditions, Optional Redemption Date means any date so specified in the 
applicable Final Terms and/or any date falling in the Optional Redemption Period specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, the first and last days inclusive. In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, 
the Notes to be redeemed (Redeemed Notes) will:  
(i) 
in the case of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive Notes, be selected individually by lot 
not more than 30 days prior to the date fixed for redemption and  
(ii) 
in the case of Redeemed Notes represented by a Global Note, be selected in accordance with 
the rules of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, (to be reflected in the records of 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a reduction in nominal 
amount, at their discretion), in either case, in compliance with applicable law.   
In the case of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive Notes, a list of the serial numbers of such 
Redeemed Notes will be published in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices) not less than 15 days 
prior to the date fixed for redemption. 
The applicable Final Terms contains provisions applicable to any Issuer Call and must be read in 
conjunction with this Condition 5.3 for full information on any Issuer Call.  In particular, the applicable 
Final Terms will identify the Optional Redemption Date(s), the Optional Redemption Amount, any 
minimum or maximum amount of Notes which can be redeemed and the applicable notice periods. 
This Condition 5.3 applies to Notes which are subject to redemption prior to the Maturity Date at the 
option of the Issuer (other than under any of Conditions 5.2 (Redemption for tax reasons), 5.4 
(Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Capital Event): Tier 2 Subordinated Notes), or 5.5 
(Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Eligible Liabilities Event): Subordinated Notes or Senior 
Notes)), such option being referred to as an Issuer Call.   
In particular, redemption of Tier 2 Subordinated Notes at the option of the Issuer will only take place 
after five years from their date of issuance or any different minimum period permitted under 
Applicable Banking Regulations. 
5.4 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Capital Event): Tier 2 Subordinated Notes 
If the Notes are Tier 2 Subordinated Notes and Capital Event is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, then upon the occurrence of a Capital Event as a result of a change (or any pending 
change which the Regulator considers sufficiently certain) in Spanish law, Applicable Banking 
Regulations or of any change in the official application or interpretation thereof becoming effective 
on or after the Issue Date of the first Tranche of Notes (including as a result of the implementation or 
applicability in Spain on or after the Issue Date of the EU Banking Reforms (as defined below)), the 
Tier 2 Subordinated Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part, subject 
to such redemption being permitted by the Applicable Banking Regulations then in force, and may 
only take place in accordance with Applicable Banking Regulations in force at the relevant time and 
subject to the prior permission of the Regulator, if and as required pursuant to such regulations, at any 
time, on giving not less than 15 nor more than 60 calendar days' notice to the Principal Paying Agent 
and, in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices), the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable 
and shall specify the date fixed for redemption).

--- Page 182 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
182 
 
 
Tier 2 Subordinated Notes redeemed pursuant to this Condition 5.4 will be redeemed at their Early 
Redemption Amount referred to in Condition 5.7 (Early Redemption Amounts) below together (if 
appropriate) with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of redemption. 
In the Conditions, Capital Event means the determination by the Issuer after consultation with the 
Regulator that all or part of the outstanding nominal amount of the Tier 2 Subordinated Notes is not 
or would likely not be eligible for inclusion in the Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer and/or Group (but, in 
the case of partial ineligibility, only if early redemption of the Tier 2 Subordinated Notes in such 
circumstances is permitted under then Applicable Banking Regulations) pursuant to then Applicable 
Banking Regulations (other than as a result of any applicable limitation on the amount of such capital 
as applicable to the Issuer). 
5.5 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Eligible Liabilities Event): Subordinated Notes or Senior 
Notes  
If the Notes are Subordinated Notes or Senior Notes and Eligible Liabilities Event is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, then upon the occurrence of an Eligible Liabilities Event as 
a result of a change (or any pending change which the competent authority considers sufficiently 
certain) in Spanish law or Applicable Banking Regulations (including, for the avoidance of doubt, 
Applicable MREL Regulations) or of any change in the official application or interpretation thereof 
becoming effective on or after the Issue Date, the relevant Senior Notes or Subordinated Notes, as 
applicable, may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part, subject to such 
redemption being permitted by the Applicable Banking Regulations (including, for the avoidance of 
doubt, Applicable MREL Regulations) then in force, and may only take place in accordance with 
Applicable Banking Regulations (including, for the avoidance of doubt, Applicable MREL 
Regulations) in force at the relevant time and subject to the permission of the Regulator and/or the 
Relevant Resolution Authority, if and as required pursuant to such regulations, at any time, on giving 
not less than 15 nor more than 60 calendar days' notice to the Principal Paying Agent and, in 
accordance with Condition 13 (Notices), the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall 
specify the date fixed for redemption).  
Tier 2 Subordinated Notes where the Eligible Liabilities Event has been specified as applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms may be redeemed pursuant to an Eligible Liabilities Event only after five years 
from their date of issuance or such other minimum period permitted under Applicable Banking 
Regulations (including, for the avoidance of doubt, Applicable MREL Regulations). 
Senior Notes and Subordinated Notes redeemed pursuant to this Condition 5.5 will be redeemed at 
their Early Redemption Amount referred to in Condition 5.7 (Early Redemption Amounts) together (if 
appropriate) with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of redemption. 
In the Conditions, Eligible Liabilities Event means:  
(a) 
in respect of Ordinary Senior Notes eligible to comply with MREL Requirements, the 
determination by the Issuer after consultation with the Regulator and/or the Relevant 
Resolution Authority, that all or part of the outstanding principal amount of such Notes will 
not at any time prior to the Maturity Date fully qualify as MREL-Eligible Senior Preferred 
Instruments of the Issuer and/or the Group, except where the non-qualification as MREL 
Eligible Senior Preferred Instruments is due: 
(i) 
solely to the remaining maturity of such Notes (or effective remaining maturity where 
the Notes, for example, are subject to an Investor Put) being less than any period 
prescribed by any applicable eligibility criteria under Applicable Banking Regulations 
(including, for the avoidance of doubt, Applicable MREL Regulations) (or any other 
regulations applicable in Spain) as at the Issue Date; or

--- Page 183 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
183 
 
 
(ii) 
to the relevant Notes being bought back by or on behalf of the Issuer; or 
(iii) 
to a subordination requirement being applied by the Relevant Resolution Authority 
for such Notes to be eligible to comply with MREL Requirements; or 
(iv) 
there being insufficient headroom for such Notes to qualify as Eligible Liabilities 
within prescribed limits established by Applicable Banking Regulations (including, 
for the avoidance of doubt, Applicable MREL Regulations) (or any other regulations 
applicable in Spain);  
(b) 
in respect of Senior Non-Preferred Notes, the determination by the Issuer after consultation 
with the Regulator and/or the Relevant Resolution Authority, that all or part of the outstanding 
principal amount of such Notes will not at any time prior to the Maturity Date fully qualify as 
MREL-Eligible Senior Non-Preferred Instruments of the Issuer and/or the Group, except 
where the non-qualification as MREL-Eligible Senior Non-Preferred Instruments is due: 
(i) 
solely to the remaining maturity of such Notes (or effective remaining maturity where 
the Notes, for example, are subject to an Investor Put) being less than any period 
prescribed by any applicable eligibility criteria under Applicable Banking Regulations 
(including, for the avoidance of doubt, Applicable MREL Regulations) (or any other 
regulations applicable in Spain) as at the Issue Date; or  
(ii) 
to the relevant Notes being bought back by or on behalf of the Issuer; and 
(c) 
in respect of Subordinated Notes, the determination by the Issuer after consultation with the 
Regulator and/or the Relevant Resolution Authority, that all or part of the outstanding 
principal amount of such Notes will not at any time prior to the Maturity Date fully qualify to 
comply with MREL Requirements of the Issuer and/or the Group, except where the non-
qualification is due:  
(i) 
solely to the remaining maturity of such Notes (or effective remaining maturity where 
the Notes, for example, are subject to an Investor Put) being less than any period 
prescribed by any applicable eligibility criteria under Applicable Banking Regulations 
(including, for the avoidance of doubt, Applicable MREL Regulations) (or any other 
regulations applicable in Spain) as at the Issue Date; or  
(ii) 
to the relevant Notes being bought back by or on behalf of the Issuer. 
An Eligible Liabilities Event shall, without limitation, be deemed to have occurred where such 
ineligibility for inclusion of Ordinary Senior Notes eligible to comply with MREL Requirements and 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes in the Eligible Liabilities or for Subordinated Notes to comply with the 
MREL Requirements arises as a result of (a) any Spanish legislation implementing or giving effect to 
the EU Banking Reforms differing in any respect from the form of the EU Banking Reforms as adopted 
(including if the EU Banking Reforms are not implemented in full in Spain) or (b) the official 
interpretation or application of the EU Banking Reforms or the EU Banking Reforms as implemented 
in Spain (including any interpretation or pronouncement by any relevant court, tribunal or authority) 
differing in any respect from the manner in which the EU Banking Reforms have been reflected in the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes and including, in particular, a determination or interpretation of 
the existence of an embedded derivative against the literal terms of the last paragraph of Article 72a.2 
of CRR.  
Applicable MREL Regulations means at any time the laws, regulations, requirements, guidelines 
and policies giving effect to the MREL including, without limitation to the generality of the foregoing, 
CRD 4, the BRRD and those laws, regulations, requirements, guidelines and policies giving effect to

--- Page 184 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
184 
 
 
the MREL, in each case to the extent then in effect in Spain (whether or not such requirements, 
guidelines or policies have the force of law and whether or not they are applied generally or specifically 
to the Issuer and/or the Group) (in all cases, as amended from time to time). 
BRRD 2 means Directive (EU) 2019/879 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 
2019 amending Directive 2014/59/EU as regards the loss-absorbing and recapitalisation capacity of 
credit institutions and investment firms and Directive 98/26/EC. 
CRD 5 Directive means Directive (EU) 2019/878 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 
20 May 2019 amending Directive 2013/36/EU as regards exempted entities, financial holding 
companies, mixed financial holding companies, remuneration, supervisory measures and powers and 
capital conservation measures. 
CRR 2 means Regulation (EU) 2019/876 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 
2019 amending Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 as regards the leverage ratio, the net stable funding 
ratio, requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities, counterparty credit risk, market risk, 
exposures to central counterparties, exposures to collective investment undertakings, large exposures, 
reporting and disclosure requirements, and Regulation (EU) No 648/2012. 
EU Banking Reforms means the CRD 5 Directive, BRRD 2, CRR 2 and the SRM Regulation 2.  
MREL means the "minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities" for credit institutions 
under the BRRD, set in accordance with Article 45 et seq. of the BRRD (as transposed in Spain), the 
CRR, Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/1450 of 23 May 2016, supplementing Directive 
2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council with regard to regulatory technical 
standards specifying the criteria relating to the methodology for setting the minimum requirement for 
own funds and Eligible Liabilities, or any successor requirement under EU legislation and relevant 
implementing legislation and regulation in Spain. 
MREL-Eligible Senior Preferred Instrument means an instrument included in the Eligible 
Liabilities which are available to meet the MREL Requirements for the purposes of the Applicable 
MREL Regulations where such instrument ranks pari passu with the Senior Preferred Obligations of 
the Issuer.  
MREL-Eligible Senior Non-Preferred Instrument means an instrument included in the Eligible 
Liabilities which are available to meet the MREL Requirements for the purposes of the Applicable 
MREL Regulations where such instrument ranks pari passu with the Senior Non-Preferred 
Obligations of the Issuer.  
MREL Requirements means the minimum requirement for own funds and Eligible Liabilities 
applicable to the Issuer and/or the Group under Applicable MREL Regulations. 
SRM Regulation 2 means Regulation (EU) 2019/877 of the European Parliament and of the Council 
of 20 May 2019 amending Regulation (EU) No 806/2014 as regards the loss-absorbing and 
recapitalisation capacity of credit institutions and investment firms. 
5.6 
Redemption at the option of the Noteholders (Investor Put) 
This Condition 5.6 applies to Senior Notes and Senior Subordinated Notes, if specified as being 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, and if allowed under the Applicable Banking Regulations 
(including, for the avoidance of doubt, Applicable MREL Regulations), which are subject to 
redemption prior to the Maturity Date at the option of the Noteholder, such option being referred to as 
an Investor Put.  The applicable Final Terms contains provisions applicable to any Investor Put and 
must be read in conjunction with this Condition 5.6 for full information on any Investor Put.  In

--- Page 185 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
185 
 
 
particular, the applicable Final Terms will identify the Optional Redemption Date(s), the Optional 
Redemption Amount and the applicable notice periods. 
If Investor Put is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, upon the holder of any 
Note giving to the Issuer in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices) not less than 30 nor more than 60 
calendar days (or such other period(s) as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms), the Issuer 
will, upon the expiry of such notice, redeem such Note on the Optional Redemption Date and at the 
Optional Redemption Amount together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the 
Optional Redemption Date.  No such redemption option will be applicable to any Tier 2 Subordinated 
Notes, unless as permitted under Applicable Banking Regulations. 
To exercise the right to require redemption of this Note the holder of this Note must, if this Note is in 
definitive form and held outside Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, deliver, at the specified 
office of any Paying Agent at any time during normal business hours of such Paying Agent falling 
within the notice period, a duly completed and signed notice of exercise in the form (for the time being 
current) obtainable from any specified office of any Paying Agent (a Put Notice) and in which the 
holder must specify a bank account to which payment is to be made under this Condition 5.6 
accompanied by this Note or evidence satisfactory to the Paying Agent concerned that this Note will, 
following delivery of the Put Notice, be held to its order or under its control.  If this Note is represented 
by a Global Note or is in definitive form and held through Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, to 
exercise the right to require redemption of this Note the holder of this Note must, within the notice 
period, give notice to the Agent of such exercise in accordance with the standard procedures of 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (which may include notice being given on his instruction by 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any common depositary or common safekeeper, as the case 
may be, for them to the Agent by electronic means) in a form acceptable to Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg from time to time. 
Any Put Notice or other notice given in accordance with the standard procedures of Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg given by a holder of any Note pursuant to this Condition 5.6 shall be 
irrevocable except where, prior to the due date of redemption, an Event of Default has occurred and is 
continuing, in which event such holder, at its option, may elect by notice to the Issuer to withdraw the 
notice given pursuant to this Condition 5.6 and instead to declare such Note forthwith due and payable 
pursuant to Condition 8 (Events of Default). 
5.7 
Early Redemption Amounts 
For the purpose of Conditions 5.2 (Redemption for tax reasons), 5.4 (Redemption at the option of the 
Issuer (Capital Event): Tier 2 Subordinated Notes) and 5.5 (Redemption at the option of the Issuer 
(Eligible Liabilities Event): Subordinated Notes or Senior Notes) above and Condition 8 (Events of 
Default) each Note will be redeemed at its Early Redemption Amount as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
5.8 
Purchases 
The Issuer or any Subsidiary of the Issuer may purchase Notes (provided that, in the case of definitive 
Notes, all unmatured Coupons and Talons appertaining thereto are purchased therewith) at any price 
in the open market or otherwise.  Such Notes may be held, resold or, at the option of the Issuer, 
surrendered to any Paying Agent for cancellation. 
In the case of Subordinated Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Ordinary Senior Notes eligible to 
comply with MREL Requirements, the purchase of the relevant Notes by the Issuer or any of its 
Subsidiaries shall take place in accordance with Applicable Banking Regulations (including, for the 
avoidance of doubt, Applicable MREL Regulations) in force at the relevant time and will be subject 
to the prior permission of the Regulator and/or the Relevant Resolution Authority, if and as required

--- Page 186 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
186 
 
 
therefor under Applicable Banking Regulations (including, for the avoidance of doubt, Applicable 
MREL Regulations). 
5.9 
Cancellation 
All Notes which are redeemed will forthwith be cancelled (together with all unmatured Coupons and 
Talons attached thereto or surrendered therewith at the time of redemption).  All Notes so cancelled 
and any Notes purchased and cancelled pursuant to Condition 5.8 (Purchases) above (together with 
all unmatured Coupons and Talons cancelled therewith) shall be forwarded to the Agent and cannot 
be reissued or resold. 
6. 
TAXATION 
6.1 
Taxation in respect of Ordinary Senior Notes 
All payments in respect of Ordinary Senior Notes (and their respective Coupons) by or on behalf of 
the Issuer will be made without withholding or deduction for or on account of any present or future 
taxes or duties of whatever nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of any Tax Jurisdiction unless 
such withholding or deduction is required by law.  In such event, the Issuer will pay such additional 
amounts in respect of interest and, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, principal (and premium, 
if any), as shall be necessary in order that the net amounts received by the holders of Ordinary Senior 
Notes or their respective Couponholders after such withholding or deduction shall equal the respective 
amounts which would otherwise have been receivable in respect of Ordinary Senior Notes or their 
Coupons, as the case may be, in the absence of such withholding or deduction; except that no such 
additional amounts shall be payable with respect to any Ordinary Senior Notes or their Coupons: 
(a) 
presented for payment in Spain; or 
(b) 
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a holder who is liable for such taxes or duties in respect of 
such Ordinary Senior Note or Coupon by reason of his having some connection with a Tax 
Jurisdiction other than the mere holding of such Ordinary Senior Note or Coupon; or 
(c) 
presented for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date (as defined below) except to 
the extent that the holder thereof would have been entitled to an additional amount on 
presenting the same for payment on such thirtieth day assuming that day to have been a 
Payment Day (as defined in Condition 4.5 (Payment Day)); or 
(d) 
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a Spanish-resident legal entity subject to Spanish 
Corporation Income Tax if the Spanish Tax Authorities determine that the Ordinary Senior 
Notes do not comply with applicable exemption requirements including those specified in the 
Reply to a Non-Binding Consultation of the Directorate General for Taxation (Dirección 
General de Tributos) dated 27 July 2004 and require a withholding to be made; or 
(e) 
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a holder in respect of whom the Issuer does not receive 
such information concerning the identity and tax residence of the holder of the Ordinary Senior 
Notes as may be required in order to comply with the procedures that may be implemented to 
comply with the interpretation of Royal Decree 1065/2007 eventually made by the Spanish 
Tax Authorities. 
6.2 
Taxation in respect of the Senior Non-Preferred and Subordinated Notes 
All payments in respect of the Senior Non-Preferred and Subordinated Notes and Coupons by or on 
behalf of the Issuer will be made without withholding or deduction for or on account of any present or 
future taxes or duties of whatever nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of any Tax Jurisdiction

--- Page 187 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
187 
 
 
unless such withholding or deduction is required by law.  In such event, the Issuer will pay such 
additional amounts in respect of interest (but not in respect of payments of principal or any premium) 
as shall be necessary in order that the net amounts received by the Senior Non-Preferred and 
Subordinated Noteholders or Couponholders after such withholding or deduction shall equal the 
amount of interest which would otherwise have been receivable in respect of the Senior Non-Preferred 
and Subordinated Notes or their respective Coupons, as the case may be, in the absence of such 
withholding or deduction; except that no such additional amounts shall be payable with respect to any 
Senior Non-Preferred and Subordinated Notes or their respective Coupons: 
(a) 
presented for payment in Spain; or 
(b) 
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a holder who is liable for such taxes or duties in respect of 
such Senior Non-Preferred and Subordinated Note or Coupon by reason of his having some 
connection with a Tax Jurisdiction other than the mere holding of such Senior Non-Preferred 
and Subordinated Note or Coupon; or 
(c) 
presented for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date (as defined below) except to 
the extent that the holder thereof would have been entitled to an additional amount on 
presenting the same for payment on such thirtieth day assuming that day to have been a 
Payment Day (as defined in Condition 4.5 (Payment Day)); or 
(d) 
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a Spanish-resident legal entity subject to Spanish 
Corporation Income Tax if the Spanish Tax Authorities determine that the Senior 
Non-Preferred and Subordinated Notes do not comply with applicable exemption 
requirements including those specified in the Reply to a Non-Binding Consultation of the 
Directorate General for Taxation (Dirección General de Tributos) dated 27 July 2004 and 
require a withholding to be made; or 
(e) 
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a holder in respect of whom the Issuer does not receive 
such information concerning such Senior Non-Preferred and Subordinated Noteholder's 
identity and tax residence as may be required in order to comply with the procedures that may 
be implemented to comply with the interpretation of Royal Decree 1065/2007 eventually 
made by the Spanish Tax Authorities. 
As used herein: 
Tax Jurisdiction means Spain or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having 
power to tax; and 
Relevant Date means the date on which such payment first becomes due, except that, if the full 
amount of the moneys payable has not been duly received by the Agent on or prior to such due date, 
it means the date on which, the full amount of such moneys having been so received, notice to that 
effect is duly given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices). 
See "Taxation – Spain – Simplified information procedures" for a fuller description of certain tax 
considerations relating to the Notes, the formalities which must be followed in order to claim 
exemption from withholding tax and for a description of certain disclosure requirements imposed on 
the Issuer. 
7. 
PRESCRIPTION 
To the extent that Article 950 of the Spanish Commercial Code (Código de Comercio) applies to the 
Notes, claims for payment in respect of Notes and Coupons will become void unless made within a 
period of three years after the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 6 (Taxation)) therefor.

--- Page 188 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
188 
 
 
There shall not be included in any Coupon sheet issued on exchange of a Talon any Coupon the claim 
for payment in respect of which would be void pursuant to this Condition 7 or Condition 4.2 
(Presentation of definitive Notes and Coupons) or any Talon which would be void pursuant to 
Condition 4.2 (Presentation of definitive Notes and Coupons). 
8. 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT 
8.1 
Events of Default relating to the Notes 
If: 
(a) 
any order is made by any competent court or resolution passed for the winding-up or 
liquidation of the Issuer; or 
(b) 
so specified in the Final Terms, any Additional Event of Default (as defined in Condition 8.2 
(Additional Events of Default relating to Ordinary Senior Notes)) occurs and is continuing, 
(each an Event of Default), then any Noteholder of the relevant Series in respect of such Notes may, 
by written notice to the Issuer, declare that such Notes or Note (as the case may be) and all interest 
then accrued but unpaid on such Notes or Note (as the case may be) shall be forthwith due and payable, 
whereupon the relevant Notes shall, when permitted by applicable Spanish law, become immediately 
due and payable at their Early Redemption Amount together with all accrued interest thereon without 
presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, all of which the Issuer will expressly waive, 
anything contained in such Notes to the contrary.  
Except as contemplated under Condition 8.1(a) above and unless it is specified in the Final Terms that 
Additional Events of Default apply, each Noteholder and Couponholder (which for these purposes 
includes each holder of a beneficial interest in the Notes or the Coupons) will under no circumstances 
be entitled to declare any Notes due and payable, it being therefore understood that the non 
performance by the Issuer of its obligations under the Notes will not constitute an Event of Default. 
8.2 
Additional Events of Default relating to Ordinary Senior Notes  
(a) 
This Condition 8.2(a) only applies to Ordinary Senior Notes, in addition to Condition 8.1 (Events of 
Default relating to the Notes), if so specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable to the 
Ordinary Senior Notes and references to “Notes” shall be construed accordingly. 
If this Condition 8.2(a) applies, each of the following events shall be an Additional Event of Default: 
(i) 
Non-payment: the Issuer fails to pay any amount of principal in respect of the Notes within 
14 days of the due date for payment thereof or fails to pay any amount of interest in respect 
of the Notes within 21 days of the due date for payment thereof; or 
(ii) 
Breach of other obligations: the Issuer defaults in the performance or observance of any of 
its other obligations under or in respect of the Notes or, as the case may be, the Agency 
Agreement, and such default remains unremedied for 30 days or after written notice thereof, 
addressed to the Issuer by any Noteholder, has been delivered to the Issuer; or 
(iii) 
Cross-default of Issuer or Relevant Subsidiary: 
(A) 
any Indebtedness for Borrowed Money of the Issuer or any of its Relevant 
Subsidiaries is not paid when due or (as the case may be) within any originally 
applicable grace period; or

--- Page 189 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
189 
 
 
(B) 
any such Indebtedness for Borrowed Money becomes due and payable prior to its 
stated maturity otherwise than at the option of the Issuer or (as the case may be) the 
Relevant Subsidiaries or (provided that no event of default, howsoever described, has 
occurred) any person entitled to such Indebtedness for Borrowed Money, 
provided that the amount of Indebtedness for Borrowed Money referred to in sub-paragraph 
(A) and/or sub-paragraph (B) above individually or in the aggregate exceeds EUR 50,000,000 
(or its equivalent in any other currency or currencies); 
(iv) 
Unsatisfied judgment: one or more final judgment(s) or order(s) for the payment of any 
amount which individually or in the aggregate exceeds EUR 50,000,000 (or its equivalent in 
any other currency or currencies) is rendered against the Issuer or any of its Relevant 
Subsidiaries and continue(s) unsatisfied and unstayed for a period of 30 days after the date(s) 
thereof or, if later, the date therein specified for payment; or 
(v) 
Security enforced: any Security Interest created or assumed by the Issuer or any of its 
Relevant Subsidiaries becomes enforceable and any steps are taken to enforce it (including 
the taking of possession or the appointment of a receiver, administrative receiver, manager or 
other similar person) provided that the Indebtedness for Borrowed Money to which such 
Security Interest relates either individually or in the aggregate exceeds EUR 50,000,000 (or 
its equivalent in any other currency or currencies); or 
(vi) 
Cessation of business: the Issuer (or any of its Relevant Subsidiaries) ceases or threatens to 
cease to carry on the whole or a substantial part of its business (except in any such case for 
the purpose of a Permitted Reorganisation) or the Issuer (or any of its Relevant Subsidiaries) 
stops or threatens to stop payment of, or is unable to, or admits inability to, pay, its debts (or 
any class thereof) as they fall due, or is deemed unable to pay its debts pursuant to or for the 
purposes of any applicable law, or is adjudicated or found bankrupt or insolvent; or 
(vii) 
Insolvency proceedings: (i)(A) in respect of the Issuer, an order is made by any competent 
court commencing insolvency proceedings (procedimientos concursales) against it, and in 
respect of any of the Issuer's Relevant Subsidiaries, proceedings are initiated against any such 
Relevant Subsidiary under any applicable liquidation, insolvency, composition, 
reorganisation or other similar laws (except in any such case for the purpose of a Permitted 
Reorganisation); or (B) an application made for the appointment of an administrative or other 
receiver, manager, administrator or other similar official, or an administrative or other 
receiver, manager, administrator or other similar official is appointed, in relation to the Issuer 
(or any of its Relevant Subsidiaries) or in relation to the whole or any substantial part of the 
undertaking or assets of any of them; or (C) an encumbrance takes possession of the whole or 
any substantial part of the undertaking or assets of the Issuer (or any of its Relevant 
Subsidiaries); or (D) a distress, execution, attachment, sequestration or other process is levied, 
enforced upon, sued out or put in force against the whole or any substantial part of the 
undertaking or assets of the Issuer (or any of its Relevant Subsidiaries); and (ii) in any case is 
or are not discharged within 30 days; or 
(viii) 
Arrangements with creditors: the Issuer (or any of its Relevant Subsidiaries) initiates or 
consents to judicial proceedings relating to itself under any applicable liquidation, insolvency, 
composition, reorganisation or other similar laws or makes a conveyance or assignment for 
the benefit of, or enters into any composition or other arrangement with, its creditors generally 
(or any class of its creditors); or  
(ix) 
Failure to take action etc.: any action, condition or thing at any time required to be taken, 
fulfilled or done in order (i) to enable the Issuer lawfully to enter into, exercise its rights and 
perform and comply with its obligations under and in respect of the Notes, (ii) to ensure that

--- Page 190 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
190 
 
 
those obligations are legal, valid, binding and enforceable and (iii) to make the Notes and the 
Coupons admissible in evidence in the courts of Spain or England is not taken, fulfilled or 
done; or  
(x) 
Unlawfulness: it is or will become unlawful for the Issuer to perform or comply with any of 
its obligations under or in respect of the Notes. 
(b) 
For the purpose of this Condition 8:  
Indebtedness for Borrowed Money means any money borrowed, liabilities in respect of any 
acceptance credit, note or bill discounting facility, liabilities under any bonds, notes, debentures, loan 
stocks, securities or other indebtedness by way of loan capital. 
Permitted Reorganisation means: 
(a) 
with respect to the Issuer, a reconstruction, merger or amalgamation (i) which has been 
approved by an Extraordinary Resolution at a meeting of Noteholders; or (ii) where the entity 
resulting from any such reconstruction, merger or amalgamation is (A) a financial institution 
(entidad de crédito) under Article 1 of Law 10/2014 (or any other law or regulation which 
may replace it in the future), as amended and restated and (B) has a rating for long-term senior 
debt assigned by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited, Moody's Investors Service España, 
S.A., Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited or DBRS Ratings GmbH equivalent to or higher than the 
rating for long-term senior debt of the Issuer immediately prior to such reconstruction, merger 
or amalgamation; and  
(b) 
with respect to a Relevant Subsidiary, a reconstruction, merger or amalgamation (i) which has 
been approved by an Extraordinary Resolution at a meeting of Noteholders; or (ii) is on a 
solvent basis. 
When related to a Relevant Subsidiary, an Event of Default shall only be considered as such when the 
creditworthiness of the Issuer is materially weaker immediately after the occurrence of such event, 
where: materially weaker shall mean that two of the four Rating Agencies modify at least by three 
lower notches the rating previously applied to the Issuer; and Rating Agencies shall mean S&P Global 
Ratings Europe Limited, Moody's Investors Service España, S.A., Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited and 
DBRS Ratings GmbH. 
Relevant Subsidiary means, at any particular time, any Subsidiary of the Issuer: 
(a) 
whose net assets represent not less than 10 per cent. of the net consolidated assets of the Group 
as calculated by reference to the then latest audited accounts (or consolidated accounts as the 
case may be) of such Subsidiary and the most recently published audited consolidated 
accounts of the Issuer; or 
(b) 
whose gross revenues represent not less than 10 per cent. of the gross consolidated revenues 
of the Group, all as calculated by reference to the then latest audited accounts (or consolidated 
accounts as the case may be) of such Subsidiary and the then latest audited consolidated 
accounts of the Issuer. 
For the purposes of this definition: 
(i) 
if there shall not at any time be any relevant audited consolidated accounts of the Issuer, 
references thereto herein shall be deemed to be references to a consolidation (which need not 
be audited) by the Issuer of the relevant audited accounts of the Issuer and its Subsidiaries;

--- Page 191 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
191 
 
 
(ii) 
if, in the case of a Subsidiary which itself has Subsidiaries, no consolidated accounts are 
prepared and audited, its consolidated net assets and consolidated gross revenues shall be 
determined on the basis of pro forma consolidated accounts (which need not be audited) of 
the relevant Subsidiary and its Subsidiaries prepared for this purpose by the Issuer; 
(iii) 
if (A) any Subsidiary shall not in respect of any relevant financial period for whatever reason 
produce audited accounts or (B) any Subsidiary shall not have produced at the relevant time 
for the calculations required pursuant to this definition audited accounts for the same period 
as the period to which the latest audited consolidated accounts of the Issuer relate, then there 
shall be substituted for the purposes of this definition the management accounts of such 
Subsidiary for such period; 
(iv) 
where any Subsidiary is not wholly owned by the Issuer there shall be excluded from all 
calculations all amounts attributable to minority interests; 
(v) 
in calculating any amount all amounts owing by or to the Issuer and any Subsidiary to or by 
the Issuer and any Subsidiary shall be excluded; and 
(vi) 
in the event that accounts of any companies being compared are prepared on the basis of 
different generally accepted accounting principles, there shall be made such adjustments to 
any relevant financial items as are necessary to achieve a true and fair comparison of such 
financial items. 
8.3 
Green, Social or Sustainability Notes 
In the case of any Notes where the "Reasons for the Offer" in Part B of the applicable Final Terms are 
stated to be for "green", "social" or "sustainability" projects as described in the "Use of Proceeds 
section (the Green, Social or Sustainability Notes Use of Proceeds Disclosure and the Green, 
Social or Sustainability Notes, as appropriate), no Event of Default shall occur or other claim against 
the Issuer or right of a holder of, or obligation or liability of the Issuer in respect of, such Green, Social 
or Sustainability Notes arise as a result of the net proceeds of such Green, Social or Sustainability 
Notes not being used, any report, assessment, opinion or certification not being obtained or published, 
or any other step or action not being taken, in each case as set out and described in the Green, Social 
or Sustainability Notes Use of Proceeds Disclosure. 
9. 
WAIVER OF SET-OFF 
No Noteholder may at any time exercise or claim any or all rights of or claims of any Noteholder for 
deduction, set-off, netting, compensation, retention or counterclaim arising directly or indirectly under 
or in connection with any Note (the Waived Set-Off Rights) against any right, claim, or liability the 
Issuer has or may have or acquire against such Noteholder, directly or indirectly, howsoever arising 
(and, for the avoidance of doubt, including all such rights, claims and liabilities arising under or in 
relation to any and all agreements or other instruments of any sort, whether or not relating to such 
Note) and each Noteholder shall be deemed to have waived all Waived Set-Off Rights to the fullest 
extent permitted by applicable law in relation to all such actual and potential rights, claims and 
liabilities.  Notwithstanding the preceding sentence, if any of the amounts owing to any Noteholder 
by the Issuer in respect of, or arising under or in connection with the Notes is discharged by set-off, 
such Noteholder shall, subject to applicable law, immediately pay an amount equal to the amount of 
such discharge to the Issuer and, until such time as payment is made, shall hold an amount equal to 
such amount in trust for the Issuer and accordingly any such discharge shall be deemed not to have 
taken place.

--- Page 192 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
192 
 
 
For the avoidance of doubt, nothing in this Condition 9 is intended to provide, or shall be construed 
as acknowledging, any right of deduction, set-off, netting, compensation, retention or counterclaim or 
that any such right is or would be available to any Noteholder of any Note but for this Condition 9. 
10. 
REPLACEMENT OF NOTES, COUPONS AND TALONS 
Should any Note, Coupon or Talon be lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced 
at the specified office of the Agent upon payment by the claimant of such costs and expenses as may 
be incurred in connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence and indemnity as the Issuer may 
reasonably require and in accordance with applicable law.  Mutilated or defaced Notes, Coupons or 
Talons must be surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
11. 
PAYING AGENTS 
The names of the initial Paying Agents and their initial specified offices are set out below.  If any 
additional Paying Agents are appointed in connection with any Series, the names of such Paying 
Agents will be specified in Part B of the applicable Final Terms. 
The Issuer is entitled to vary or terminate the appointment of any Paying Agent and/or appoint 
additional or other Paying Agents and/or approve any change in the specified office through which 
any Paying Agent acts, provided that: 
(a) 
there will at all times be an Agent; 
(b) 
so long as the Notes are listed on any stock exchange or admitted to listing by any other 
relevant authority, there will at all times be a Paying Agent with a specified office in such 
place as may be required by the rules and regulations of the relevant stock exchange or other 
relevant authority; and 
(c) 
there will at all times be a Paying Agent in a jurisdiction within Europe, other than the 
jurisdiction in which the Issuer is incorporated. 
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent having a specified office in New York 
City in the circumstances described in Condition 4.4 (General provisions applicable to payments).  
Notice of any variation, termination, appointment or change in Paying Agents will be given to the 
Noteholders promptly by the Issuer in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices).  
In acting under the Agency Agreement, the Paying Agents act solely as agents of the Issuer and do not 
assume any obligation to, or relationship of agency or trust with, any Noteholders or Couponholders.  
The Agency Agreement contains provisions permitting any entity into which any Paying Agent is 
merged or converted or with which it is consolidated or to which it transfers all or substantially all of 
its assets to become the successor paying agent. 
12. 
EXCHANGE OF TALONS 
On and after the Interest Payment Date on which the final Coupon comprised in any Coupon sheet 
matures, the Talon (if any) forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the specified 
office of the Agent or any other Paying Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet including (if 
such further Coupon sheet does not include Coupons to (and including) the final date for the payment 
of interest due in respect of the Note to which it appertains) a further Talon, subject to the provisions 
of Condition 7 (Prescription).

--- Page 193 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
193 
 
 
13. 
NOTICES 
All notices regarding the Notes will be deemed to be validly given if published (a) if the rules of the 
exchange on which the Notes are listed so require, in a leading English language daily newspaper of 
general circulation in London (which is expected to be the Financial Times), or (b) if and for so long 
as the Notes are admitted to trading on, and listed on the Official List of Euronext Dublin, on the 
Euronext Dublin's website, www.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin.  The Issuer shall also ensure that 
notices are duly published in a manner which complies with the rules of any stock exchange or other 
relevant authority on which the Notes are for the time being listed or by which they have been admitted 
to trading including publication on the website of the relevant stock exchange or relevant authority if 
required by those rules.  Any such notice will be deemed to have been given on the date of the first 
publication or, where required to be published in more than one newspaper, on the date of the first 
publication in all required newspapers. 
Until such time as any definitive Notes are issued, there may, so long as any Global Notes representing 
the Notes are held in their entirety on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, be 
substituted for such publication in such newspaper(s) or such websites or such mailing the delivery of 
the relevant notice to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg for communication by them to the 
Noteholders and, in addition, for so long as any Notes are listed on a stock exchange or are admitted 
to trading by another relevant authority and the rules of that stock exchange or relevant authority so 
require, such notice will be published on the website of the relevant stock exchange or relevant 
authority and/or in a daily newspaper of general circulation in the place or places required by those 
rules.  Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given to the Noteholders on the second day after 
the day on which the said notice was given to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg.  
Notices to be given by any Noteholder shall be in writing and given by lodging the same, together (in 
the case of any Note in definitive form) with the relative Note or Notes, with the Agent.  Whilst any 
of the Notes are represented by a Global Note, such notice may be given by any holder of a Note to 
the Agent through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, in such manner as 
the Agent and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, may approve for this 
purpose. 
14. 
MEETINGS OF NOTEHOLDERS AND MODIFICATION 
14.1 
Meetings of Noteholders  
(a) 
Convening of Meetings, Quorum, Adjourned Meetings 
(i) 
The Issuer may at any time and, if required in writing by Noteholders holding not less than 5 
per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, shall convene a 
meeting of the Noteholders and if the Issuer fails for a period of seven days to convene the 
meeting the meeting may be convened by the relevant Noteholders.  Whenever the Issuer is 
about to convene any meeting it shall immediately give notice in writing to the Agent and the 
Dealers of the day, time and place of the meeting which need not be a physical place and 
instead may be by way of conference call, including by use of a videoconference platform, 
and of the nature of the business to be transacted at the meeting.  Every meeting shall be held 
at a time and place approved by the Agent. 
(ii) 
At least 21 clear days' notice specifying the place, day and hour of the meeting shall be given 
to the Noteholders in the manner provided in Condition 13 (Notices).  The notice, which shall 
be in the English language, shall state generally the nature of the business to be transacted at 
the meeting and, in the case of an Extraordinary Resolution only, shall either (i) specify the 
terms of the Extraordinary Resolution to be proposed or (ii) inform Noteholders that the terms 
of the Extraordinary Resolution are available free of charge from the Agent, provided that, in

--- Page 194 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
194 
 
 
the case of (ii), such resolution is so available in its final form with effect on and from the date 
on which the notice convening such meeting is given as aforesaid.  The notice shall include 
statements as to (i) the manner in which Noteholders may arrange for voting certificates or 
block voting instructions to be issued and, if applicable, appoint proxies or representatives or 
(ii) inform Noteholders that details of the voting arrangements are available free of charge 
from the Agent, provided that, in the case of (ii) the final form of such details are so available 
with effect on and from the date on which the notice convening such meeting is given as 
aforesaid.  A copy of the notice shall be sent by post to the Issuer (unless the meeting is 
convened by the Issuer). 
(iii) 
The person (who may but need not be a Noteholder) nominated in writing by the Issuer shall 
be entitled to take the chair at each meeting but if no nomination is made or if at any meeting 
the person nominated is not present within 15 minutes after the time appointed for holding the 
meeting the Noteholders present shall choose one of their number to be Chairperson failing 
which the Issuer may appoint a Chairperson.  The Chairperson of an adjourned meeting need 
not be the same person as was Chairperson of the meeting from which the adjournment took 
place. 
(iv) 
At any meeting one or more Eligible Persons present and holding or representing in the 
aggregate not less than 5 per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being 
outstanding shall (except for the purpose of passing an Extraordinary Resolution) form a 
quorum for the transaction of business and no business (other than the choosing of a 
Chairperson) shall be transacted at any meeting unless the required quorum is present at the 
commencement of business.  The quorum at any meeting for passing an Extraordinary 
Resolution shall (subject as provided below) be one or more Eligible Persons present and 
holding or representing in the aggregate not less than 50 per cent. in nominal amount of the 
Notes for the time being outstanding provided that at any meeting the business of which 
includes any of the following matters (Basic Terms Modification, each of which shall only 
be capable of being effected after having been approved by Extraordinary Resolution): 
(A) 
modification of the Maturity Date (if any) of the Notes or reduction or cancellation of 
the nominal amount payable at maturity; or 
(B) 
reduction or cancellation of the amount payable or modification of the payment date 
in respect of any interest in respect of the Notes or variation of the method of 
calculating the rate of interest in respect of the Notes; or 
(C) 
reduction of any Minimum Rate of Interest and/or Maximum Rate of Interest 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(D) 
modification of the currency in which payments under the Notes are to be made; or 
(E) 
modification of the majority required to pass an Extraordinary Resolution; or 
(F) 
the sanctioning of any scheme or proposal described in Condition 14.1(b)(ix)(F) 
below; or 
(G) 
alteration of this proviso or the proviso to Condition 14.1(a)(v) below, 
the quorum shall be one or more Eligible Persons present and holding or representing in the 
aggregate not less than two-thirds in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being 
outstanding.

--- Page 195 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
195 
 
 
(v) 
If within 15 minutes (or such longer period not exceeding 30 minutes as the Chairperson may 
decide) after the time appointed for any meeting a quorum is not present for the transaction 
of any particular business, then, subject and without prejudice to the transaction of the business 
(if any) for which a quorum is present, the meeting shall if convened by Noteholders be 
dissolved.  In any other case it shall be adjourned to the same day in the next week (or if that 
day is a public holiday the next following business day) at the same time and place (except in 
the case of a meeting at which an Extraordinary Resolution is to be proposed in which case it 
shall be adjourned for a period being not less than 14 clear days nor more than 42 clear days 
and at a place appointed by the Chairperson and approved by the Agent).  If within 15 minutes 
(or a longer period not exceeding 30 minutes as the Chairperson may decide) after the time 
appointed for any adjourned meeting a quorum is not present for the transaction of any 
particular business, then, subject and without prejudice to the transaction of the business (if 
any) for which a quorum is present, the Chairperson may either dissolve the meeting or 
adjourn it for a period, being not less than 14 clear days (but without any maximum number 
of clear days) and to a place as may be appointed by the Chairperson (either at or after the 
adjourned meeting) and approved by the Agent, and the provisions of this sentence shall apply 
to all further adjourned meetings. 
(vi) 
At any adjourned meeting one or more Eligible Persons present (whatever the nominal amount 
of the Notes so held or represented by them) shall (subject as provided below) form a quorum 
and shall (subject as provided below) have power to pass any Extraordinary Resolution or 
other resolution and to decide upon all matters which could properly have been dealt with at 
the meeting from which the adjournment took place had the required quorum been present 
provided that at any adjourned meeting the business of which includes any of the matters 
specified in the proviso to Condition 14.1(a)(iv) above the quorum shall be one or more 
Eligible Persons present and holding or representing in the aggregate not less than one-third 
in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding. 
(vii) 
Notice of any adjourned meeting at which an Extraordinary Resolution is to be submitted shall 
be given in the same manner as notice of an original meeting but as if 21 were substituted for 
10 in Condition 14.1(a)(ii) above and the notice shall state the relevant quorum.  Subject to 
this it shall not be necessary to give any notice of an adjourned meeting. 
(b) 
Conduct of Business at Meetings 
(i) 
Every question submitted to a meeting shall be decided in the first instance by a show of hands 
and in the case of an equality of votes the Chairperson shall both on a show of hands and on 
a poll have a casting vote in addition to the vote or votes (if any) to which he may be entitled 
as an Eligible Person. 
(ii) 
At any meeting, unless a poll is (before or on the declaration of the result of the show of hands) 
demanded by the Chairperson or the Issuer or by any Eligible Person present (whatever the 
nominal amount of the Notes held by him), a declaration by the Chairperson that a resolution 
has been carried or carried by a particular majority or lost or not carried by a particular 
majority shall be conclusive evidence of the fact without proof of the number or proportion of 
the votes recorded in favour of or against the resolution. 
(iii) 
Subject to Condition 14.1(b)(v) below, if at any meeting a poll is demanded it shall be taken 
in the manner and, subject as provided below, either at once or after an adjournment as the 
Chairperson may direct and the result of the poll shall be deemed to be the resolution of the 
meeting at which the poll was demanded as at the date of the taking of the poll.  The demand 
for a poll shall not prevent the continuance of the meeting for the transaction of any business 
other than the motion on which the poll has been demanded.

--- Page 196 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
196 
 
 
(iv) 
The Chairperson may, with the consent of (and shall if directed by) any meeting, adjourn the 
meeting from time to time and from place to place.  No business shall be transacted at any 
adjourned meeting except business which might lawfully (but for lack of required quorum) 
have been transacted at the meeting from which the adjournment took place. 
(v) 
Any poll demanded at any meeting on the election of a Chairperson or on any question of 
adjournment shall be taken at the meeting without adjournment. 
(vi) 
Any director or officer of the Issuer and its lawyers and financial advisers may attend and 
speak at any meeting.  Subject to this, but without prejudice to the proviso to the definition of 
outstanding in Condition 14.1(c) below, no person shall be entitled to attend and speak nor 
shall any person be entitled to vote at any meeting of the Noteholders or join with others in 
requiring the convening of a meeting unless he is an Eligible Person.  No person shall be 
entitled to vote at any meeting in respect of Notes held by, for the benefit of, or on behalf of 
the Issuer or any Subsidiary of the Issuer.  Nothing contained in this paragraph shall prevent 
any of the proxies named in any block voting instruction from being a director, officer or 
representative of or otherwise connected with the Issuer. 
(vii) 
Subject as provided in Condition 14.1(b)(vi) above, at any meeting: 
(A) 
on a show of hands every Eligible Person present shall have one vote; and 
(B) 
on a poll every Eligible Person present shall have one vote in respect of: 
I. 
each EUR 1.00; and 
II. 
in the case of a meeting of the holders of Notes denominated in a currency 
other than Euros, the equivalent of EUR 1.00 in that currency (calculated as 
specified in Condition 14.1(b)(xiii) below), 
or such other amount as the Agent shall in its absolute discretion specify in nominal 
amount of Notes in respect of which he is an Eligible Person. 
Without prejudice to the obligations of the proxies named in any block voting instruction, any 
person entitled to more than one vote need not use all his votes or cast all the votes to which 
he is entitled in the same way. 
(viii) 
The proxies named in any block voting instruction need not be Noteholders. 
(ix) 
A meeting of the Noteholders shall in addition to the powers set out above have the following 
powers exercisable only by Extraordinary Resolution (subject to the provisions relating to 
quorum contained in Conditions 14.1(a)(iv) and 14.1(a)(vi) above), namely: 
(A) 
power to approve any compromise or arrangement proposed to be made between the 
Issuer and the Noteholders and Couponholders or any of them; 
(B) 
power to approve any abrogation, modification, compromise or arrangement in 
respect of the rights of the Noteholders and Couponholders against the Issuer or 
against any of its property whether these rights arise under the Agency Agreement, 
the Notes or the Coupons or otherwise; 
(C) 
power to agree to any modification of the provisions contained in the Agency 
Agreement or the Conditions, the Notes or the Coupons which is proposed by the

--- Page 197 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
197 
 
 
Issuer (other than any change arising from the discontinuation of any interest rate 
benchmark used to determine the amount of any payment in respect of the Notes); 
(D) 
power to give any authority or approval which under the provisions of this Schedule 
or the Notes is required to be given by Extraordinary Resolution; 
(E) 
power to appoint any persons (whether Noteholders or not) as a committee or 
committees to represent the interests of the Noteholders and to confer upon any 
committee or committees any powers or discretions which the Noteholders could 
themselves exercise by Extraordinary Resolution; 
(F) 
power to approve any scheme or proposal for the exchange or sale of the Notes for, 
or the conversion of the Notes into, or the cancellation of the Notes in consideration 
of, shares, stock, notes, bonds, debentures, debenture stock and/or other obligations 
and/or securities of the Issuer or any other company formed or to be formed, or for or 
into or in consideration of cash, or partly for or into or in consideration of shares, 
stock, notes, bonds, debentures, debenture stock and/or other obligations and/or 
securities as stated above and partly for or into or in consideration of cash; and 
(G) 
power to approve the substitution of any entity in place of the Issuer (or any previous 
substitute) as the principal debtor in respect of the Notes and the Coupons. 
(x) 
Any resolution (i) passed at a meeting of the Noteholders duly convened and held (ii) passed 
as a resolution in writing or (iii) passed by way of electronic consents given by Noteholders 
through the relevant clearing system(s), shall be binding upon all the Noteholders whether 
present or not present at the meeting referred to in Condition 14.1(b)(i) above and whether or 
not voting and upon all Couponholders and each of them shall be bound to give effect to the 
resolution accordingly and the passing of any resolution shall be conclusive evidence that the 
circumstances justify its passing.  Notice of the result of voting on any resolution duly 
considered by the Noteholders shall be published in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices) 
by the Issuer within 14 days of the result being known provided that non-publication shall not 
invalidate the resolution. 
(xi) 
The expression Extraordinary Resolution when used herein means (a) a resolution passed 
at a meeting of the Noteholders duly convened and held in accordance with the provisions of 
this Schedule by a majority consisting of not less than 75 per cent. of the persons voting on 
the resolution upon a show of hands or, if a poll was duly demanded, by a majority consisting 
of not less than 75 per cent. of the votes given on the poll or (b) a resolution in writing signed 
by or on behalf of all the Noteholders/the holders of not less than 75 per cent. in nominal 
amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, which resolution in writing may be 
contained in one document or in several documents in similar form each signed by or on behalf 
of one or more of the Noteholders or (c) consent given by way of electronic consents through 
the relevant clearing system(s) (in a form satisfactory to the Agent) by or on behalf of all the 
Noteholders/the holders of not less than 75 per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes for the 
time being outstanding. 
(xii) 
Minutes of all resolutions and proceedings at every meeting shall be made and duly entered 
in books to be from time to time provided for that purpose by the Issuer and any minutes 
signed by the Chairperson of the meeting at which any resolution was passed or proceedings 
had shall be conclusive evidence of the matters contained in them and, until the contrary is 
proved, every meeting in respect of the proceedings of which minutes have been made shall 
be deemed to have been duly held and convened and all resolutions passed or proceedings had 
at the meeting to have been duly passed or had.

--- Page 198 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
198 
 
 
(xiii) 
If the Issuer has issued and has outstanding Notes which are not denominated in euros, the 
nominal amount of such Notes shall: 
(A) 
for the purposes of Condition 14.1(a) above, be the equivalent in euros at the spot rate 
of a bank nominated by the Agent for the conversion of the relevant currency or 
currencies into euros on the seventh dealing day before the day on which the written 
requirement to call the meeting is received by the Issuer; and 
(B) 
for the purposes of Conditions 14.1(a)(iv), 14.1(a)(vi) and 14.1(a)(vii) above (whether 
in respect of the meeting or any adjourned meeting or any poll), be the equivalent at 
that spot rate on the seventh dealing day before the day of the meeting, 
and, in all cases, the equivalent in euros of any Notes issued at a discount or a premium shall 
be calculated by reference to the original nominal amount of those Notes. 
In the circumstances set out above, on any poll each person present shall have one vote for 
each EUR 1.00 in nominal amount of the Notes (converted as above) which he holds or 
represents. 
(c) 
Definitions 
For the purposes of this Condition 14, 
(i) 
Eligible Person means those persons entitled to attend and vote at a meeting of the 
Noteholders as stated in the relevant notice of meeting or pursuant to the relevant voting 
arrangements details of which are available from the Agent, in each case in accordance with 
Condition 14.1(a)(ii) above (being the relevant Noteholders or duly appointed proxies or 
representatives of such Noteholders);  
(ii) 
those Notes (if any) which are for the time being held by or for the benefit of the Issuer or any 
subsidiary of the Issuer shall (unless and until ceasing to be so held) be deemed not to remain 
outstanding; and  
(iii) 
a relevant clearing system means, in respect of any Notes represented by a Global Note, any 
clearing system on behalf of which the Global Note is held or which is the bearer or (directly 
or through a nominee) registered owner of the Global Note, in each case whether alone or 
jointly with any other clearing system(s).  
14.2 
Modification 
The Notes and these Conditions may be amended without the consent of the Noteholders or the 
Couponholders to correct a manifest error.  In addition, the parties to the Agency Agreement may 
agree to modify any provision thereof, but the Issuer shall not agree, without the consent of the 
Noteholders, to any such modification unless it is of a formal, minor or technical nature, it is made to 
correct a manifest error or it is, in the opinion of such parties, not materially prejudicial to the interests 
of the Noteholders. 
By its acquisition of the Notes, each Noteholder and Couponholder (which for these purposes includes 
each holder of a beneficial interest in the Notes or the Coupons) will be deemed to have expressly 
consented to any modification of the Notes, the Conditions or the Agency Agreement pursuant to this 
Condition 14.2.

--- Page 199 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
199 
 
 
15. 
FURTHER ISSUES 
The Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders or the 
Couponholders to create and issue further notes having terms and conditions the same as the Notes or 
the same in all respects save for the amount and date of the first payment of interest thereon and the 
date from which interest starts to accrue and so that the same shall be consolidated and form a single 
Series with the outstanding Notes. 
16. 
SUBSTITUTION OF THE ISSUER 
(a) 
The Issuer (or any previous substitute under this Condition 16) may, with respect to any Series of 
Notes issued by it (the Relevant Notes), without the further consent of the Noteholders but, subject to 
such substitution being in compliance with Applicable Banking Regulations (including, for the 
avoidance of doubt, Applicable MREL Regulations) and subject to the prior permission of the 
Regulator and/or the Relevant Resolution Authority, if and as required therefor under Applicable 
Banking Regulations (including, for the avoidance of doubt, Applicable MREL Regulations), be 
replaced and substituted by any of its wholly owned Subsidiaries as the principal debtor in respect of 
the Notes, Coupons and Talons (the Substituted Debtor), provided that: 
(i) 
the Issuer is not in default in respect of any amount payable under any of the Relevant Notes;  
(ii) 
the Issuer (or any previous substitute under this Condition 16) and the Substituted Debtor have 
granted or entered into such documents (the Documents) as are necessary to give effect to the 
substitution and in which the Substituted Debtor has undertaken in favour of each Noteholder 
of the Relevant Notes to be bound by these Conditions and the provisions of the Agency 
Agreement as the debtor in respect of such Notes in place of the Issuer (or of any previous 
substitute under this Condition 16) and pursuant to which the Issuer shall unconditionally and 
irrevocably guarantee (the New Guarantee) in favour of each Noteholder the payment of all 
sums payable by the Substituted Debtor as such principal debtor with the Issuer's obligations 
under the New Guarantee ranking pari passu with the Issuer's obligations under the Notes 
prior to the substitution becoming effective; 
(iii) 
if the Substituted Debtor is resident for tax purposes in a territory (the New Residence) other 
than that in which the Issuer prior to such substitution was resident for tax purposes (the 
Former Residence) the Documents contain an undertaking and/or such other provisions as 
may be necessary to ensure that each Noteholder of the Relevant Notes has the benefit of an 
undertaking in terms corresponding to the provisions of Condition 6 (Taxation), with, where 
applicable, the substitution of references to the Former Residence with references to the New 
Residence.  The Documents also contain a covenant by the Substituted Debtor and the Issuer 
to indemnify and hold harmless each Noteholder against all taxes or duties which arise by 
reason of a law or regulation having legal effect or being in reasonable contemplation thereof 
on the date such substitution becomes effective, which may be incurred or levied against such 
holder as a result of any substitution pursuant to this Condition 16 and which would not have 
been so incurred or levied had such substitution not been made (and, without limiting the 
foregoing, any and all taxes or duties which are imposed on any such Noteholder by any 
political sub-division or taxing authority of any country in which such Noteholder resides or 
is subject to any such tax or duty and which would not have been so imposed had such 
substitution not been made); 
(iv) 
the Documents contain a warranty and representation by the Substituted Debtor and the Issuer 
that the Substituted Debtor and the Issuer have obtained all necessary governmental approvals 
and consents for such substitution and for the giving by the Issuer of the New Guarantee in 
respect of the obligations of the Substituted Debtor and for the performance by each of the

--- Page 200 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
200 
 
 
Substituted Debtor and the Issuer of their respective obligations under the Documents and that 
all such approvals and consents are in full force and effect; 
(v) 
each stock exchange on which the Relevant Notes are listed has confirmed that, following the 
proposed substitution of the Substituted Debtor, the Relevant Notes will continue to be listed 
on such stock exchange (of the Issuer or the Substituted Debtor is otherwise satisfied of the 
same); 
(vi) 
a legal opinion shall have been delivered to the Agent (from whom copies will be available) 
from lawyers of recognised standing in the country of incorporation of the Substituted Debtor 
and the country which laws governs this Programme, confirming, as appropriate, that upon 
the substitution taking place the Notes, Coupons and Talons are legal, valid and binding 
obligations of the Substituted Debtor enforceable in accordance with their terms; 
(vii) 
a legal opinion shall have been delivered to the Agent (from whom copies will be available) 
from lawyers of recognised standing in the country which law governs the Documents that 
upon the substitution taking place the Documents (including the New Guarantee given by the 
Issuer in respect of the Substituted Debtor) constitute legal, valid and binding obligations of 
the Issuer enforceable in accordance with their terms; 
(viii) 
a legal opinion shall have been delivered to the Agent (from whom copies will be available) 
from lawyers of recognised standing in the country which law governs the Documents that 
upon the substitution taking place the Documents constitute legal, valid and binding 
obligations of the parties thereto; 
(ix) 
any rating agency which has issued a rating in connection with the Relevant Notes shall have 
confirmed that following the proposed substitution of the Substituted Debtor, the credit rating 
of the Relevant Notes will remain the same or be improved; 
(x) 
if applicable, the Substituted Debtor has appointed a process agent as its agent in England to 
receive service of process on its behalf in relation to any legal proceedings arising out of or in 
connection with the Documents; and 
(xi) 
the substitution complies with all applicable requirements established under the applicable 
laws. 
(b) 
Upon the execution of the Documents and the delivery of the legal opinions, the Substituted Debtor 
shall succeed to, and be substituted for, and may exercise every right and power of, the Issuer (or any 
previous substitute under this Condition 16) under the Relevant Notes and any related Coupons or 
Talons and the Agency Agreement with the same effect as if the Substituted Debtor had been named 
as the principal debtor in place of the Issuer herein, and the Issuer or any previous substitute under 
these provisions shall, upon the execution of the Documents be released from its obligations under the 
Relevant Notes and any related Coupons or Talons and under the Agency Agreement. 
(c) 
After a substitution pursuant to Condition 16(a) above, the Substituted Debtor may, without the further 
consent of any Noteholder, effect a further substitution.  All the provisions specified in Conditions 
16(a) and 16(b) above shall apply, mutatis mutandis, and references in these Conditions to the Issuer 
shall, where the context so requires, be deemed to be or include references to any such further 
Substituted Debtor.  
(d) 
After a substitution pursuant to Condition 16(a) or 16(c) above any Substituted Debtor may, without 
the further consent of any Noteholder, reverse the substitution, mutatis mutandis.

--- Page 201 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
201 
 
 
(e) 
The Documents shall be delivered to, and kept by, the Agent for so long as any Note remains 
outstanding and for so long as any claim made against the Substituted Debtor by any Noteholder in 
relation to the Notes or the Documents shall not have been finally adjudicated or settled or discharged.  
Copies of the Documents will be available free of charge at the specified office of each of the Agents. 
(f) 
Not later than 15 Business Days after the execution of the Documents, the Substituted Debtor shall 
give notice thereof to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices). 
(g) 
By its acquisition of the Notes, each Noteholder (which for these purposes includes each holder of a 
beneficial interest in the Notes) will be deemed to have expressly consented to any substitution of the 
Issuer pursuant to this Condition 16.  
17. 
LOSS ABSORBING POWER 
17.1 
Exercise of Loss Absorbing Power and Acknowledgment  
The obligations of the Issuer under the Notes are subject to, and may be limited, by the exercise of any 
Loss Absorbing Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority. 
17.2 
Payment of Interest and Other Outstanding Amounts Due 
No repayment or payment of the Amounts Due will become due and payable or be paid after the 
exercise of the Loss Absorbing Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority if and to the extent such 
amounts have been reduced, converted, cancelled, amended or altered as a result of such exercise. 
17.3 
Notice to Noteholders 
Upon the exercise of any Loss Absorbing Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority with respect to 
the Notes, the Issuer will make available a written notice to the Noteholders as soon as practicable 
regarding such exercise of the Loss Absorbing Power.  The Issuer will also deliver a copy of such 
notice to the Agent for information purposes.  No failure or delay by the Issuer to deliver a notice to 
the Noteholders shall affect the validity or enforceability of the exercise of the Loss Absorbing Power. 
17.4 
Duties of the Agents 
Upon the exercise of any Loss Absorbing Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority, (a) the Agent 
shall not be required to take any directions from Noteholders, and (b) the Agency Agreement shall 
impose no duties upon any of the Agents whatsoever, in each case with respect to the exercise of any 
Loss Absorbing Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority. 
17.5 
Proration 
If the Relevant Resolution Authority exercises the Loss Absorbing Power with respect to less than the 
total Amounts Due, unless any of the Paying Agents is otherwise instructed by the Issuer or the 
Relevant Resolution Authority, any cancellation, write-off or conversion made in respect of the Notes 
pursuant to the Loss Absorbing Power will be made on a pro-rata basis.  
17.6 
No Event of Default 
None of a cancellation of the Notes, a reduction in the Amount Due, the conversion thereof into 
another security or obligation of the Issuer or another person, as a result of the exercise of the Loss 
Absorbing Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority with respect to the Issuer or the exercise of 
the Loss Absorbing Power with respect to the Notes will be an Event of Default or otherwise constitute 
non-performance of a contractual obligation.

--- Page 202 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
202 
 
 
17.7 
Definitions 
In this Condition 17: 
Amounts Due means the principal amount of or outstanding amount, together with any accrued but 
unpaid interest, and additional amounts, if any, due on the Notes under Condition 6 (Taxation).  
References to such amounts will include amounts that have become due and payable, but which have 
not been paid, prior to the exercise of the Loss Absorbing Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority. 
Loss Absorbing Power means any power existing from time to time under, and exercised in 
compliance with, any laws, regulations, rules or requirements in effect in Spain, relating to (i) the 
transposition of the BRRD (including but not limited to, Law 11/2015, Royal Decree 1012/2015 and 
any other implementing regulations) as amended or superseded from time to time, (ii) Regulation (EU) 
No. 806/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 July 2014, establishing uniform 
rules and a uniform procedure for the resolution of credit institutions and certain investment firms in 
the framework of the Single Resolution Mechanism and the Single Resolution Fund and amending 
Regulation (EU) No. 1093/2010 (as amended or superseded from time to time, including by the SRM 
Regulation 2, the SRM Regulation) and (iii) the instruments, rules and standards created thereunder, 
pursuant to which any obligation of a Regulated Entity (or an affiliate of such Regulated Entity), 
including the Notes, can be reduced, cancelled, suspended, modified, or converted into shares, other 
securities, or other obligations of such Regulated Entity (or affiliate of such Regulated Entity). 
Accordingly, the exercise of the Loss Absorbing Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority may 
include and result in any of the following, or some combination thereof: 
(a) 
the reduction of all, or a portion of, the Amounts Due on a permanent basis; 
(b) 
the conversion of all, or a portion of, the Amounts Due into shares, other securities or other 
obligations of the Issuer or another person (and the issue to the Noteholder of such shares, 
securities or obligations), including by means of an amendment, modification or variation of 
the terms of the Notes, in which case the Noteholder agrees to accept in lieu of its rights under 
the Notes any such shares, other securities or other obligations of the Issuer or another person; 
(c) 
the cancellation of the Notes or Amounts Due; 
(d) 
the amendment or alteration of the maturity of the Notes or amendment of the amount of 
interest payable on the Notes, or the date on which the interest becomes payable, including by 
suspending payment for a temporary period; and 
(e) 
the amendment of the terms of the Notes. 
Regulated Entity means any entity to which BRRD, as implemented in Spain (including but not 
limited to, by Law 11/2015, Royal Decree 1012/2015 and any other implementing regulations) and as 
amended or superseded from time to time, or any other Spanish piece of legislation relating to the Loss 
Absorbing Power, applies, which includes, certain credit institutions, investment firms, and certain of 
their parent or holding companies. 
18. 
SUBSTITUTION AND VARIATION  
18.1 
This Condition 18.1 applies to Ordinary Senior Notes eligible to comply with MREL Requirements, 
Subordinated Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes.  
If an Alignment Event or circumstance giving rise to the right of the Issuer to redeem the Ordinary 
Senior Notes eligible to comply with MREL Requirements, Subordinated Notes or Senior Non-

--- Page 203 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
203 
 
 
Preferred Notes under Condition 5.2 (Redemption for tax reasons), Condition 5.4 (Redemption at the 
option of the Issuer (Capital Event): Tier 2 Subordinated Notes) or Condition 5.5 (Redemption at the 
option of the Issuer (Eligible Liabilities Event): Subordinated Notes or Senior Notes) occurs and is 
continuing, the Issuer may substitute all (but not some only) of the Notes or vary the terms of all (but 
not some only) of the Notes, without any requirement for the consent or approval of the Noteholders, 
so that they are substituted for, or varied to become or remain, Qualifying Notes, subject to giving not 
less than 15 nor more than 60 calendar days' notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 
13 (Notices) and the Agent (which notice shall be irrevocable and specify the date for substitution or, 
as applicable, variation), and subject to obtaining the prior permission of the Regulator and/or Relevant 
Resolution Authority if and as required therefor under Applicable Banking Regulations (including, for 
the avoidance of doubt, Applicable MREL Regulations)) and in accordance with Applicable Banking 
Regulations (including, for the avoidance of doubt, Applicable MREL Regulations) in force at the 
relevant time.  
Any such notice shall specify the relevant details of the manner in which such substitution or variation 
shall take effect and where the Noteholders can inspect or obtain copies of the new terms and 
conditions of the relevant Notes.  Such substitution or variation shall be effected without any cost or 
charge to the Noteholders.  
Noteholders shall, by virtue of subscribing and/or purchasing the relevant Notes, be deemed to accept 
the substitution or variation of the terms of such Notes and to grant the Issuer full power and authority 
to take any action and/or execute and deliver any document in the name and/or on behalf of the 
Noteholder which is necessary or convenient to complete the substitution or variation of the terms of 
the Notes.  
18.2 
In the Conditions: 
An Alignment Event is deemed to have occurred if there is a change in, or amendment to, the 
Applicable MREL Regulations, or any change in the application or interpretation thereof, that results 
in the requirements for Ordinary Senior Notes to qualify as MREL-Eligible Senior Preferred 
Instruments, for Senior Non-Preferred Notes to qualify as MREL-Eligible Senior Non-Preferred 
Instruments and for Subordinated Notes to to comply with MREL Requirements being different in any 
respect from the Conditions, provided that if an event or circumstance which would otherwise 
constitute an Alignment Event also constitutes an Eligible Liabilities Event, it will be treated as an 
Eligible Liabilities Event and will not constitute an Alignment Event.  
Eligible Liabilities means any liability which complies with the requirements set out in Applicable 
MREL Regulations to qualify as eligible liabilities for MREL purposes. 
Qualifying Notes means, at any time, any securities denominated in the Specified Currency and issued 
directly by the Issuer that have terms not otherwise materially less favourable to the Noteholders than 
the terms of the Ordinary Senior Notes eligible to comply with MREL Requirements, the Subordinated 
Notes and the Senior Non-Preferred Notes (as applicable) provided that the Issuer shall have delivered 
a certificate signed by two authorised signatories to that effect to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 13 (Notices) and the Agent not less than five Business Days prior to (x) in the case of a 
substitution of the Notes, the issue date of the relevant securities or (y) in the case of a variation of the 
Notes, the date such variation becomes effective, provided that such securities shall: 
(a) 
(i) in the case of Ordinary Senior Notes eligible to comply with MREL Requirements, contain 
terms that comply with the then current requirements for MREL-Eligible Senior Preferred 
Instruments of the Issuer and/or the Group; (ii) in the case of Senior Non-Preferred Notes, 
contain terms that comply with the then current requirements for MREL-Eligible Senior Non-
Preferred Instruments of the Issuer and/or the Group; (iii) in the case of Senior Subordinated 
Notes contain terms which comply with the then current MREL Requirements, in each case

--- Page 204 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
204 
 
 
as embodied in the Applicable MREL Regulations; and (iv) in the case of Tier 2 Subordinated 
Notes, contain terms which comply with the then current requirements for their inclusion in 
the Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer and/or the Group, as embodied in the Applicable Banking 
Regulations; and 
(b) 
carry the same rate of interest as the Notes prior to the relevant substitution or variation; and 
(c) 
have the same denomination and aggregate outstanding principal amount as the Notes prior to 
the relevant substitution or variation; and 
(d) 
have the same date of maturity and the same dates for payment of interest as the Notes prior 
to the relevant substitution or variation; and 
(e) 
have a ranking which is the same as or higher than the ranking of the Notes set out in the 
applicable Final Terms; and 
(f) 
not, immediately following such substitution or variation, be subject to (i) in the case of Senior 
Notes and Subordinated Notes, an Eligible Liabilities Event or an early redemption right for 
taxation reasons according to Condition 5.2 (Redemption for tax reasons); and (ii) in the case 
of Tier 2 Subordinated Notes, a Capital Event or an early redemption right for taxation reasons 
according to Condition 5.2 (Redemption for tax reasons); and 
(g) 
be listed or admitted to trading on any stock exchange as selected by the Issuer, if Notes were 
listed or admitted to trading on a stock exchange immediately prior to the relevant substitution 
or variation. 
For the avoidance of doubt, any variation in the ranking of the relevant Notes as set out in Condition 2 
(Status of the Senior Notes and Subordinated Notes) resulting from any such substitution or 
modification (including, inter alia, through the removal of an Issuer Call) shall be deemed not to be 
materially less favourable to the interests of the Holders of the Notes where the ranking of such Notes 
following such substitution or modification is at least the same ranking as is applicable to such Notes 
as set out in the applicable Final Terms on the issue date of such Notes. 
19. 
GOVERNING LAW AND SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION 
19.1 
Governing law 
The Notes and the Coupons and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or the Notes and the 
Coupons are governed by, and construed in accordance with, Spanish common law (Derecho civil 
común).  The Notes are issued in accordance with the formalities prescribed by Spanish companies 
law.  The Agency Agreement and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with 
the Agency Agreement are governed by, and construed in accordance with, English law. 
19.2 
Submission to jurisdiction 
(a) 
Subject to Condition 19.2(c) below, the courts of Spain, in particular, the courts of the city of Valencia, 
have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute arising out of or in connection with the Notes and/or 
the Coupons, including any dispute as to their existence, validity, interpretation, performance, breach 
or termination or the consequences of their nullity and any dispute relating to any non-contractual 
obligations arising out of or in connection with the Notes and/or the Coupons (a Dispute) and 
accordingly each of the Issuer and any Noteholders or Couponholders in relation to any Dispute 
submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of such courts.

--- Page 205 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
205 
 
 
(b) 
For the purposes of this Condition 19.2, the Issuer waives any objection to the courts of the city of 
Valencia, Spain, on the grounds that they are an inconvenient or inappropriate forum to settle any 
Dispute.  
(c) 
To the extent allowed by law, the Noteholders and the Couponholders may, in respect of any Dispute 
or Disputes, take (i) proceedings in any other court with jurisdiction; and (ii) concurrent proceedings 
in any number of jurisdictions.

--- Page 206 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
206 
 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
An amount equivalent to the net proceeds from each issue of Notes (including Senior Notes and Subordinated 
Notes) will be applied by the Issuer: 
(i) 
to finance the general financing requirements of the CaixaBank Group of which it forms a 
part; or 
(ii) 
to finance or refinance, in whole or in part, new or existing Eligible Green Projects meeting 
the Eligibility Criteria, in which case the relevant Notes will be identified as "Green Notes" in 
the applicable Final Terms; or 
(iii) 
to finance or refinance, in whole or in part, new or existing Eligible Social Projects meeting 
the Eligibility Criteria, in which case the relevant Notes will be identified as "Social Notes" 
in the applicable Final Terms; or  
(iv) 
to finance or refinance, in whole or in part, a combination of new or existing Eligible Green 
Projects and Eligible Social Projects , in each case meeting the Eligibility Criteria, in which 
case the relevant Notes will be identified as "Sustainable Notes" in the applicable Final Terms. 
If, in respect of an issue, there is a particular identified use of proceeds, this will be stated in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
Eligible Criteria means the criteria prepared by CaixaBank as set out in the Sustainable Development Goals 
Framework. 
Eligible Green Projects means projects falling under the categories set out in the Sustainable Development 
Goals Framework which are indicated to be ICMA GBP Categories, and, at any time, include any other "green" 
projects in accordance with any update of the ICMA Green Bond Principles at such time. 
Eligible Social Projects means projects falling under the categories set out in the Sustainable Development 
Goals Framework which are indicated to be ICMA SBP Categories, and, at any time, include any other "social" 
projects in accordance with any update of the ICMA Social Bond Principles at such time. 
Sustainable Development Goals Framework means the latest Sustainable Development Goals Framework 
published by CaixaBank, available for viewing on its website (https://www.caixabank.com) (including as 
amended, supplemented, restated or otherwise updated on such website from time to time).  
ICMA Green Bond Principles means the Green Bond Principles published by the International Capital 
Markets Association, as updated from time to time. 
ICMA Social Bond Principles means the Social Bond Principles published by the International Capital 
Markets Association, as updated from time to time.

--- Page 207 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
207 
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER 
History and development of the Issuer  
CaixaBank, S.A. (hereinafter, CaixaBank - its trade name -, the Issuer or the Bank), is a Spanish public 
limited company registered in the Commercial Register of Valencia, Volume 10370, Folio 1, Sheet V-178351, 
and in the Special Administrative Register of the Bank of Spain, under number 2100. The Legal Entity 
Identifier (LEI) of CaixaBank is 7CUNS533WID6K7DGFI87, and its tax ID (NIF) is A08663619. The 
registered office and tax address of CaixaBank is Calle Pintor Sorolla, 2-4 in Valencia (contact telephone 
number +34 93 411 75 03). The website of the Bank is www.caixabank.com, unless specifically incorporated 
by reference into this Base Prospectus, information contained on the website does not form part of this Base 
Prospectus. 
As of 1 July 2011, CaixaBank's shares are listed on the Madrid, Barcelona, Valencia and Bilbao stock 
exchanges (the Spanish Stock Exchanges) and are quoted on the Automated Quotation System of the Spanish 
Stock Exchanges (Sistema de Interconexión Bursátil or Mercado Continuo).  
The Issuer's most relevant company milestones during its period of activity until 2019 are: 
 
In addition, on 18 September 2020, CaixaBank announced that its Board of Directors had approved a joint 
merger plan for the merger of Bankia (absorbed company) into CaixaBank (absorbing company). The merger 
was approved by the shareholders' meetings of CaixaBank and Bankia held on 3 December 2020 and 1 
December 2020, respectively, and after obtaining the required authorisations, the merger was registered with 
the Commercial Registry of Valencia on 26 March 2021 and thus became effective as of that date. 
CaixaBank and its subsidiaries comprise the CaixaBank Group (the CaixaBank Group or the Group).

--- Page 208 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
208 
 
 
CaixaBank is the parent company of the financial conglomerate formed by the Group's entities that are 
considered to be regulated, recognising CaixaBank as a significant supervised entity, whereby CaixaBank 
comprises, together with the credit institutions of its Group, a significant supervised group of which CaixaBank 
is the entity at the highest level of prudential consolidation.  
As a listed bank, it is subject to oversight by the European Central Bank (ECB) and the Spanish national 
securities market regulator (the Comisión Nacional del Mercado de Valores, CNMV), however, the entities 
of the Group are subject to oversight by supplementary and industry-based bodies. 
Since CaixaBank is a Spanish commercial enterprise structured as a public limited company, it is therefore 
subject to the Spanish Companies Act, enacted by Royal Legislative Decree 1/2010 of 2 July (Real Decreto 
Legislativo 1/2010, de 2 de julio, por el que se aprueba el texto refundido de la Ley de Sociedades de Capital) 
(the Spanish Companies Act) and its implementing provisions. Furthermore, given that it is a listed company, 
it is also governed by the Securities Markets Act, approved by Royal Legislative Decree 4/2015, of 23 October 
(Real Decreto Legislativo 4/2015, de 23 de octubre, por el que se aprueba el texto refundido de la Ley del 
Mercado de Valores) (the Securities Market Act), and its implementing provisions. 
2019-2021 Strategic Plan  
The CaixaBank Group unveiled its 2019-2021 Strategic Plan on 27 November 2018. The 2019-2021 Strategic 
Plan takes into account that the economy is moving towards a more mature phase of the business cycle, with 
Spain and Portugal expected to achieve annual real GDP growth rates of approximately 2% in 2019E-2021E 
(Source: CaixaBank Research). 
Financial projection in the 2019-2021 Strategic Plan is based on the expectation of a very gradual increase in 
the interest rates, as reflected in the interest rate forward rates used for those projections. 
To enhance the customer experience, the 2019-2021 Strategic Plan aims to continue transforming the 
distribution network so as to provide added value to customers, strengthen the model of remote and digital 
customer relationship and continue adding new products and services. 
The 2019-2021 Strategic Plan aims to generate sustainable value for all stakeholders (customers, shareholders, 
employees and society in general), in accordance with the Group's mission to contribute to the financial 
wellbeing of CaixaBank's customers and to the progress of society. 
The 2019-2021 Strategic Plan has the following five strategic lines: 
• 
To offer the best customer experience. 
• 
To accelerate digital transformation to boost efficiency and flexibility. 
• 
To foster a people-centric, agile and collaborative culture. 
• 
To generate attractive shareholder returns and solid financials. 
• 
To become a benchmark in responsible banking and social commitment. 
In light of the spread of COVID-19, on 26 March 2020, the Issuer announced the decision taken by its Board 
of Directors to reduce the CET1 target established in the 2019-2021 Strategic Plan for December 2021 to 
11.5%, suspending the former target of 12% plus an additional 1% buffer to absorb regulatory requirements 
including Basel IV, taking into account new regulatory and supervisory considerations including, among 
others, the impact of regulations established in CRD 5 (as defined in "Capital Requirements" below) regarding 
the composition of Pillar 2 Requirements (P2R). See "Key events in 2019, 2020 and 2021 — COVID-19".

--- Page 209 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
209 
 
 
Dividends  
On 15 April 2020, EUR 0.07 were paid per share (EUR 418 million paid in cash), resulting in a payout of 
24.6%. This was the total shareholder remuneration charged to 2019 financial year profits. 
The Board of Directors has submitted the distribution of a EUR 0.0268 gross cash dividend per share 
against 2020 financial year profits for approval by the Annual General Meeting to be held on 13 May 2021, at 
first call, or on 14 May 2021, at second call. This amount is equivalent to 15% of the adjusted pro forma 
consolidated profit of CaixaBank and Bankia and aligned with the ECB’s recommendation on limiting 
dividend payments.  
Key events in 2019, 2020 and 2021  
Unsecured Issuances  
During 2019, 2020 and 2021 the Bank has issued EUR 10,132 million of securities in 12 separate unsecured 
transactions, all of which were placed among institutional investors. A breakdown of these issuances is set out 
in the table below: 
 
  
  
  
  
  
  
Issue 
Total 
amount 
EUR million  
Amount 
per issue 
EUR  million 
equivalent1 
Date of Issuance 
Maturity2 
Cost3 
Cédulas hipotecarias4 
500 
500 
Several4 
15 years  
1.4% (mid-swap + 0,442%) 
Ordinary Senior debt 
3,000 
1,000 
27 March 2019 
7 years 
1.195% (mid-swap+ 0.90%) 
1,000 
17 January 2020 
5 years 
0.434% (mid-swap + 0.58%) 
 
1,000 
10 July 2020 
6 years5 
0.835% (mid-swap + 1.17%) 
Senior non-preferred debt 
5,382 
1,000 
18 January 2019 
5 years 
2.47 % (mid-swap +2.25 %) 
50 
30 May 2019 
10 years 
2.00 % (mid-swap +1.56 %) 
1,250 
19 June 2019 
7 years 
1.464 % (mid-swap +1.45 
%) 
82 
3 July 2019 
15 years  
1.231% 
1,000 
26 September 2019 
5 years 
0.765 % (mid-swap +1.13%) 
1,000 
18 November 2020 
6 years6 
0.429 % (mid-swap +0.85%) 
1,000 
9 February 2021 
8 years7 
0.571 % (mid-swap +0.90%) 
Tier 2 subordinated debt 
1,000 
1,000 
18 March 2021 
10.25 years8  
1.335 % (mid-swap +1.63%) 
Contingently Convertible Preferred 
Securities (Additional Tier 1) 
 750  
750 
 9 October 2020 
Perpetual9 
5.875% (mid-swap 
+6.346%)10 
(1) As of the date of issuance. All issuances are euro denominated, except the 10,000 million yen denominated senior non-preferred bond issued in 
July 2019, for which the euro equivalent amount at issuance is shown. 
(2) All the Issuer Calls are subject to regulatory approval 
(3) Yield and equivalent floating rate (expressed as spread over midswap) at the time of issuance.  
(4) The Mortgage Covered Bonds correspond to 6 private placements with an average weighted cost of 1.40%. 
(5) The Issuer has a one-time call option on 10 July 2025. 
(6) The Issuer has a one-time call option on 18 November 2025. 
(7) The Issuer has a one-time call option on 9 February 2028. 
(8) The Issuer can call de Tier 2 from 18 March 2026 to 18 June 2026. 
(9) The Issuer can call the AT1 on the six months prior to 9 April 2028 and quarterly afterwards. 
(10) The remuneration of the AT1 is discretionary and subject to certain conditions. It is fixed at 5.875% until 9 April 2028. Thereafter, it will be 
revised by applying a spread of 634.6 basis points above the 5-year mid-swap rate.

--- Page 210 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
210 
 
 
Out of the transactions described in the table above, five have been issued under the Sustainable Development 
Goals Framework (known as the SDG Framework) that was published in August 2019 to support the United 
Nations Sustainable Development Goals (SDG). These issuances align the financing of CaixaBank with its 
model of social and responsible banking:  
• 
CaixaBank has three green bonds outstanding for a total amount of EUR 3 billion: a Tier 2 
subordinated green bond issued in March 2021 and two green senior non-preferred bonds issued in 
November 2020 and February 2021 for EUR 1 billion each. These green bonds are intended to allocate 
the funds raised to SDG goals number 7, "affordable and clean energy" (to fund renewable energy 
projects) and number 9, "industry, innovation and infrastructure" (to fund energy-efficient buildings). 
• 
In July 2020, CaixaBank issued a COVID-19 Social Bond for EUR 1 billion in the form of preferred 
senior debt targeting SDG goal number 8, "decent work and economic growth". Use of proceeds were 
allotted to curb the effects of COVID-19 by funding SMEs and micro-enterprises located in 
disadvantaged regions of Spain. 
• 
In September 2019 CaixaBank issued its inaugural Social Bond, for EUR 1 billion, a senior non-
preferred issuance, whose net proceeds are intended to be used in support of SDG goal number 1, "no 
poverty" and SDG goal number 8, "decent work and economic growth". The use of proceeds includes 
loans granted by MicroBank to individuals or families whose total available annual income is EUR 
17,200 or less (SDG goal number 1) and funding daily needs such as healthcare, education or 
household and vehicle repairs, as well as loans to self-employed workers and SMEs in Spain's most 
disadvantaged regions. 
In October 2020 CaixaBank issued perpetual preferred securities contingently convertible into newly issued 
ordinary shares of CaixaBank (Additional Tier 1) with exclusion of pre-emption rights for a nominal value of 
EUR 750 million. The preferred securities were issued at par value and their remuneration, which is 
discretionary and subject to certain conditions, was fixed at an annual 5.875% until 9 April 2028. Thereafter, 
it will be revised by applying a spread of 634.6 basis points above the 5-year EUR Mid Swap Rate. Such 
distributions will be payable quarterly in arrears. The preferred securities are perpetual, although they may be 
redeemed in certain circumstances at CaixaBank's option, and, in any case, are to be converted into newly 
issued ordinary shares of CaixaBank if the common equity Tier 1 (CET1) ratio of CaixaBank or of the 
CaixaBank Group falls below 5.125%. CET1 ratios are calculated in accordance with CRR. The conversion 
price of the preferred securities would be the higher of: (i) the average of the daily volume-weighted average 
prices of an ordinary share of CaixaBank on each of the five consecutive dealing days ending on the date on 
which the conversion event is announced, (ii) EUR 1.209 (the Floor Price), and (iii) the nominal value of an 
ordinary share of CaixaBank at the time of conversion (as of today, the nominal value of an ordinary share is 
EUR 1).  
On 9 March 2021, CaixaBank, launched a tender for the repurchase of an existing EUR 1,000,000,000 Tier 2 
subordinated bond maturing in 2027 and with an early cancellation option in February 2022. Simultaneously 
with this tender, a new Tier 2 bond was issued (EUR 1.000M 1.25% Reset Notes due June 2026). The purpose 
of the combined transaction was, amongst others, to efficiently manage the CaixaBank’s Tier 2 capital position, 
improve its debt profile and to optimise its future interest expense, while offering liquidity to the Tier 2 holders. 
On 17 March 2021, CaixaBank announced the acceptance of all validly tendered Notes for purchase in cash 
in an aggregate principal amount of EUR 490,200,000. 
 
As a result of the Merger, the perpetual preferred securities contingently convertible into shares of Bankia 
(Perpetual Non-Cumulative Contingent Convertible Additional Tier 1 Preferred Securities) with ISIN codes 
XS1645651909 and XS1880365975 became convertible into ordinary shares of CaixaBank and, after the 
corresponding adjustments, their floor price is EUR 4.35 and EUR 3.21, respectively.

--- Page 211 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
211 
 
 
Labour agreements 
The Group has reached labour agreements on incentivised voluntary terminations, the latest one having been 
reached on 31 January 2020. 
In relation to the above, the Group keeps funds to cover the commitments of its discontinuation programmes, 
both in terms of salaries and other social costs, from the moment of termination until reaching the age 
established in the agreements. Funds are also in place covering length of service bonuses and other obligations 
with existing personnel. The main programmes initiated from 2019 for which funds are kept are as follows: 
Voluntary redundancy schemes: 
YEAR RECOGNISED NUMBER OF PEOPLE
INITIAL 
PROVISION
(Millions of
euros)
Labour agreement 08-05-2019  
2019
2,023
978
Labour agreement 31-01-2020  
2020
228
109
Results of the EU-wide stress test 
The CaixaBank Group reported on 2 November 2018 that it took part in the EU-wide stress test, which was 
coordinated by the European Banking Authority (the EBA) and supervised by the ECB. The test used reference 
data from 31 December 2017 and comprised a three-year period (2018-2020) in two scenarios, baseline and 
adverse. The results obtained were as follows: 
Under the adverse scenario, the fully loaded CET1 ratio of the Group at 31 December 2020 was depleted by 
239 basis points, reaching a level of 9.11% from 11.50%, after the initial application of IFRS 9 on 31 December 
2017. In this same scenario, the Group's phase-in CET1 ratio also reached 9.11% from an initial 12.54%, after 
the initial application of IFRS 9, implying a 343 basis point depletion. 
Under the baseline scenario, the Group's fully loaded CET1 ratio at 31 December 2020 increased by 210 basis 
points to a level of 13.60% and the Group's phase-in CET1 ratio increased by 106 basis points. 
The 2020 EU-wide stress test was postponed to 2021 to allow banks to prioritise operational continuity as an 
action to mitigate the impact of COVID-19 on the EU banking sector. As of 13 November 2020, the EBA 
published the methodology for the 2021 EU-wide stress test, according to which CaixaBank and Bankia will 
be excluded from taking part in this exercise since the merger plan for the merger of Bankia (absorbed 
company) into CaixaBank (absorbing company) has been approved by their shareholders (see "Merger with 
Bankia"). 
COVID-19  
The expansion of COVID-19 and the measures taken by the authorities to reduce its spread are expected to 
have an impact on the global economy during a limited period of time but very severely. The Group wishes to 
be a key contributor to a rapid recovery of the Spanish and Portuguese economies, facilitating the provision of 
credit where it may be needed, in coordination with the public guarantee schemes provided by the authorities, 
while making an efficient use of capital that provides an adequate return to shareholders. 
In light of the above, on 26 March 2020, the Issuer announced the decisions taken by its Board of Directors: 
− 
Reduce the cash dividend for the 2019 financial year to EUR 0.07 per share from EUR 0.15 initially 
planned.  
− 
After considering the new regulatory and supervisory aspects, reduce at 11.5% the objective of the 
CET1 capital adequacy ratio from the 12% laid down in the 2019-2021 Strategic Plan for December 
2021.

--- Page 212 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
212 
 
 
− 
With respect to the dividends policy consisting in the distribution of a cash dividend higher than 50% 
of the consolidated net profit, the Board of Directors agreed to modify it exclusively for the 2020 
financial year, limiting the distribution to a percentage of no more than 30% of the consolidated net 
profit. 
− 
Following a principle of prudence in the variable remuneration, and as an act of joint responsibility 
between CaixaBank's Senior Management and the Bank, the Chief Executive Officer and members of 
the Management Committee have decided to waive their variable remuneration for the 2020 financial 
year. 
Agreement between CaixaBank Payments & Consumer S.A. and Global Payments Inc. 
On 30 July 2020, CaixaBank's 100% owned subsidiary CaixaBank Payments & Consumer S.A. (CPC) reached 
an agreement with Global Payments Inc. (Global Payments) to sell a 29% stake in the share capital of 
Comercia Global Payments, Entidad de Pago, S.L. (the Company), a joint venture between CPC and Global 
Payments, for a cash consideration of EUR 493 million (the Transaction), which implies a valuation of EUR 
1,700 million for 100% of the Company. The Transaction was materialised on 1 October 2020. 
As a result of the Transaction, CPC maintains a 20% stake in the share capital of the Company and CaixaBank 
maintains a presence and degree of significant influence in the Company's merchant acquiring business, while 
also realising a significant capital gain (EUR 420 million, net of tax, equal to 28 basis points of CET1 ratio -
adjusted by dividend accrual).  
The current commercial agreement between the Company and CaixaBank will remain in place and be extended 
until 2040, in order to facilitate product innovation, accelerate the growth trajectory of the business and better 
serve the client network.  
Minimum prudential capital requirements for the CaixaBank Group for 2021  
On 17 November 2020, CaixaBank was informed about the minimum capital requirements for the CaixaBank 
Group for 2021 following the outcome of the Pragmatic Approach in relation to the Supervisory Review and 
Evaluation Process (SREP)18. In addition, the Bank of Spain also informed CaixaBank about the capital buffer 
applicable to Other Systemically Important Institutions (O-SII). Both requirements on Pillar 2 and O-SII 
remain unchanged for 2021 at 1.50% and 0.25% respectively, and require that the CaixaBank Group maintains 
a CET1 ratio of 8.10%19 during 2021, which includes the minimum Pillar 1 requirement (4.50%), the ECB 
Pillar 2 requirement20 (0.84%), the Capital Conservation buffer (2.5%), the O-SII buffer (0.25%)21 and the 
countercyclical buffer (0.01%)22. Similarly, based on the minimum requirements of Pillar 1 applicable to Tier 
1 (6%) and Total Capital (8%), the requirements would reach 9.88% for Tier 1 and 12.26% for Total Capital, 
and 1.13% and 1.5% of P2R requirement, respectively (see "Capital and Eligible Liabilities Requirements of 
the Bank" in section "Capital and Eligible Liabilities Requirements"). 
As a result of these communications, the CET1 threshold below which CaixaBank Group23 would be forced 
to limit 2021 distributions in the form of dividend payments, variable remuneration and interest to holders of 
Additional Tier 1 instruments, commonly referred to as the activation level of the maximum distributable 
amount (or MDA trigger), is set at 8.10%, to which potential shortfalls of AT1 or Tier 2 should be added with 
                                                     
18  
In line with the EBA's statement of 22 April 2020, "EBA statement on additional supervisory measures in the COVID-19 pandemic of 22 
April 2020". 
19  
All percentages refer to the total amount of risk-weighted assets. 
20  
The CRD 5 establishes that P2R can be partially covered by AT1 instruments and Tier 2 instruments, at least 56.25% must be covered with 
CET1, 18.75% with AT1 and 25% with Tier 2. Before CRD 5, and prior to their decision on 12 March 2020 related to the COVID-19 
pandemic, the ECB required P2R to be covered with CET1 in its entirety. P2R does not apply at an individual level. 
21  
It does not apply at an individual level. 
22  
As of 31 December 2020. It applies to both individual and consolidated basis. Updated quarterly. It may differ between individual and 
consolidated level. As of 31 December 2020 both levels coincide. 
23  
At an individual level, CaixaBank's CET1 ratio reached 15.1% as of 31 December 2020. This is in comparison with a minimum requirement 
of CET1 for 2020 of 7.01% (including 0.01% of countercyclical buffer to be updated quarterly). Thus, capital requirements are more 
restrictive at a consolidated level than at an individual level.

--- Page 213 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
213 
 
 
respect to the minimum implicit “Pillar 1” and P2R of 1.78% and 2.38%, respectively. Taking into account 
the current capital levels of the CaixaBank Group, these requirements do not imply any of the aforementioned 
limitations. 
MREL requirement 
On 28 December 2020, the Bank was notified by the Bank of Spain of its Total and Subordinated Minimum 
Requirements for Own Funds and Eligible Liabilities (MREL), as determined by the Single Resolution Board 
(SRB).  
As set out in the notification, the Bank, on a consolidated basis, must comply by 1 January 2024 with a 
minimum amount of own funds and eligible liabilities of 20.19% of RWA, which would equate to 22.95% 
when including the Combined Buffer Requirements (CBR). As for the intermediate requirement, the SRB has 
decided that, by 1 January 2022, the Bank must comply with a Total MREL requirement of 19.33% of RWA, 
which would be equal to 22.09% when including the CBR. 
Furthermore, the Bank, on a consolidated basis, must comply by 1 January 2022 with a Total MREL 
requirement of 6.09% of the LRE.  
With regard to the requirement for a minimum amount of own funds and subordinated eligible liabilities (the 
Subordinated MREL Requirement), the SRB has decided that CABK, on a consolidated basis, must comply 
from 1 January 2022 with a Subordinated MREL of 13.50% of RWA, which would equal to 16.26% including 
the CBR, in addition to a Subordinated MREL of 6.09% over LRE (see "Capital and Eligible Liabilities 
Requirements of the Bank" in section "Capital and Eligible Liabilities Requirements"). 
The MREL requirements are in line with expectations of the Bank. As of 31 December 2020 the Bank, on a 
consolidated basis, already complied with the Total and Subordinated MREL Requirements, both as a 
percentage of RWA and as percentage of LRE. 
Merger with Bankia 
On 17 September 2020, the Boards of Directors of CaixaBank and Bankia approved the joint merger plan for 
the merger of Bankia (absorbed company) into CaixaBank (absorbing company) (the Merger). 
The Merger plan was approved by the extraordinary shareholders' meetings of CaixaBank and Bankia held in 
December 2020 by more than 99% in both cases, with a quorum of more than 70% in the case of CaixaBank, 
and more than 80% in the case of Bankia. 
After obtaining the required authorisations, the Merger was registered with the Commercial Registry of 
Valencia on 26 March 2021 and, thus, became effective as of that date, and CaixaBank acquired, by universal 
succession, all the rights and obligations of Bankia. As a result thereof, this was the last day Bankia's shares 
were traded on the Spanish Stock Exchanges before being exchanged for CaixaBank shares. 
CaixaBank covered the Merger exchange ratio by delivering to Bankia's shareholders 0.6845 new-issue 
ordinary shares of CaixaBank for every share in Bankia with a nominal value of one euro. CaixaBank increased 
its share capital by issuing 2,079,209,002 new ordinary shares, each of a nominal value of one euro, for 
distribution to Bankia's shareholders, that started trading on the Barcelona, Bilbao, Madrid and Valencia stock 
exchanges on 29 March 2021. As a result thereof, the share capital of CaixaBank is represented by 
8,060,647,033 shares, each of a nominal value of one euro, belonging to the same class and series. 
As a result of the Merger, and based on internal calculations, it is expected:  
− 
To be the largest bank in the domestic market, with more than EUR 664 billion total assets, and 20 
million customers, representing around 25% of loans and 24% of deposits in Spain (source: internal 
calculation based on CaixaBank and Bankia financial reports and Bank of Spain statistics).

--- Page 214 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
214 
 
 
− 
To have a well-balanced and diversified geographical presence, with an extensive and specialised 
network, aiming to maintain CaixaBank’s and Bankia’s shared principles of accessibility and financial 
inclusion.  
− 
To enable further improving customer experience due to the resulting network and digital capabilities 
- with 10 million digital customers in Spain. 
− 
To be able to generate annual cost synergies of approximately EUR 770 million and new annual 
revenue of around EUR 290 million. 
− 
In terms of solvency objectives, to establish a buffer of between 250 and 300 basis points on the SREP 
regulatory requirement, and a CET1 capital ratio of between 11.0% and 11.5% without considering 
IFRS 9 transitional adjustments.  
The operational integration process is expected to be carried out before the end of 2021. 
Business overview by segment 
The objective of business segment reporting is to allow internal supervision and management of the Group’s 
activity and profits. The information is broken down into several lines of business according to the Group’s 
organisation and structure. The segments are defined and segregated taking into account the inherent risks and 
management characteristics of each one, based on the basic business units which have accounting and 
management figures. 
The business overview by segment of CaixaBank and that of the business contributed by Bankia are described 
separately below. 
CaixaBank business overview by segment  
The following description is based on the following principles: (i) the same presentation principles as those 
used in Group management information, and (ii) the same accounting principles and policies as those used to 
prepare the financial statements. 
Accordingly, the Group is made up of the following business segments according to its consolidated financial 
statements and management report:  
• 
Banking and insurance: shows earnings from the Group's banking, insurance and asset management 
activity mainly in Spain, as well as liquidity management, ALCO, income from financing the other 
businesses and the Group-wide corporate centre. It also includes the business acquired by CaixaBank 
from BPI during 2018 (insurance, asset management and cards) as well as the remaining non-core real 
estate business (with the exception of Coral Homes) after the sale of 80% of this business in 2018.  
• 
The insurance and banking business is presented in a unified way consistent with the joint business 
and risk management, since it is a comprehensive business model within a regulatory framework that 
shares similar monitoring and accounting objectives. The Group markets insurance products, in 
addition to the other financial products, through its business network with the same client base, 
because the majority of the insurance products offer savings alternatives (life-savings and pensions) 
to the banking products (savings and investment funds). 
• 
Equity investments: this line of business essentially shows earnings on dividends and/or equity-
accounted profits, as well as the trading income, from the stakes held in Erste Group Bank (Erste), 
Telefónica, S.A. (Telefónica), Banco Fomento de Angola SA, Banco Comercial e de Investimentos, 
SA (BCI) and Coral Homes. Similarly, it includes the significant impacts on income of other relevant 
stakes in various sectors.

--- Page 215 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
215 
 
 
• 
Banco BPI: covers the income from BPI's domestic banking business. The income statement shows 
the reversal of the fair value adjustments of the assets and liabilities resulting from the business 
combination and excludes the results and balance sheet figures associated with the assets of BPI 
assigned to the equity investments business (essentially Banco Fomento de Angola SA and BCI). 
The operating expenses of these business segments include both direct and indirect costs, which are assigned 
according to internal distribution methods. 
In 2019, the allocation of capital to the equity investment business was adapted to the Group's capital corporate 
objective of maintaining a fully-loaded Common Equity Tier 1 (CET1) ratio of 12%, taking into account both 
the 12% consumption of capital for risk-weighted assets (11% in 2018) and any applicable deductions.  
In 2020, the allocation of capital to the investment businesses has been adapted to the Group's new capital 
corporate objective of maintaining a fully-loaded Common Equity Tier 1 (CET1) ratio of 11.5%, taking into 
account both the 11.5% consumption of capital for risk-weighted assets and any applicable deductions. 
The allocation of capital to Banco BPI is at sub-consolidated level (i.e. taking into account the subsidiary's 
own funds). The capital consumed in Banco BPI by the investees allocated to the investment business is 
allocated consistently to this business. 
The difference between the Group’s total shareholders' equity and the capital assigned to the other businesses 
is attributed to the banking and insurance business, which includes the Group’s corporate centre.  
The table below shows the consolidated statement of profit or loss of the Group by business segments for the 
years ended 31 December 2020 (audited) and 2019 (non audited):  
(Millions of euros) 
 
 
 
BANKING AND INSURANCE BUSINESS
INVESTMENTS 
BANCO BPI 
2020
 
2019
2020
2019
2020
2019
NET INTEREST INCOME  
4,534
 
4,659
(78)
(124)
444
416
Dividend income and share of profit/(loss) of 
entities accounted for using the equity method * 
250
 
232
186
335
18
21
Net fee and commission income 
2,330
 
2,340
245
258
Gains/(losses) on financial assets and liabilities and 
others  
250
 
239
(9)
35
(2)
24
Income and expenses under insurance and 
reinsurance contracts 
598
 
556
Other operating income and expense 
(338)
 
(369)
(3)
(15)
(17)
GROSS INCOME 
7,624
 
7,657
96
246
690
702
Administrative expenses 
(3,657)
 
(4,803)
(4)
(4)
(378)
(397)
Depreciation and amortisation 
(479)
 
(479)
(61)
(67)
PRE-IMPAIRMENT INCOME 
3,488
 
2,375
92
242
251
238
Impairment losses on financial assets and other 
provisions 
(2,123)
(811)
(40)
200
NET OPERATING INCOME/(LOSS) 
1,365
 
1,564
92
242
211
438
Gains/(losses) on disposal of assets and others 
216
(169)
(311)
28
2
PROFIT/(LOSS) BEFORE TAX FROM 
CONTINUING OPERATIONS 
1,581
 
1,395
(219)
242
239
440
Income tax 
(179)
 
(332)
24
71
(65)
(108)
PROFIT/(LOSS) AFTER TAX FROM 
CONTINUING OPERATIONS 
1,402
 
1,063
(195)
313
174
332
Profit/(loss) attributable to minority interests 
3
PROFIT/(LOSS) ATTRIBUTABLE TO THE 
GROUP 
1,402
 
1,060
(195)
313
174
332
Total assets 
410,689
 
355,416
3,267
4,554
37,564
31,444
     Of which: positions in sovereign debt 
106,492
 
91,549
6,141
4,637
(*) Insurance business includes the contribution of the stake in SegurCaixa Adeslas.

--- Page 216 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
216 
 
 
Banking and Insurance  
This is the Group's core business segment and includes the entire banking business (retail banking, corporate 
and institutional banking, among others, cash management and market transactions) and insurance business, 
primarily carried out in Spain through its branch network and other distribution channels. The banking business 
segment also includes the liquidity management and the asset liability committee (ALCO) and income from 
financing other businesses. 
The Group's gross balance of customer loans amounted to EUR 218,277 million as at 31 December 2020 
(compared to EUR 203,103 million as at 31 December 2019). Total customer funds, using management 
criteria, amounted to EUR 382,794 million as at 31 December 2020 (compared to EUR 354,497 million as at 
31 December 2019). 
Banking Business 
The Banking Business relies on a universal banking model based on quality, innovation, accessibility and 
personalised service, with a wide range of products and services that are adapted to customers' various needs 
and an extensive multi-channel distribution network.  
As of 31 December 2020, CaixaBank had over 13.4 million customers in Spain, including individuals, 
companies and institutions, served through a network of 3,786 branches in Spain, of which 3,571 are retail 
branches.  
The Banking business has different divisions based on the type of customers its services are directed at: 
Retail Banking 
Retail Banking is directed at individuals with less than EUR 60,000 in net worth, as well as businesses, 
including retail establishments, self-employed and freelance professionals, micro-companies and agribusiness, 
with a turnover of less than EUR 2 million annually. This division represents the Group's most traditional 
business, and provides the basis for the development of other, more specialised, lines of business. As a result 
of CaixaBank's high-quality multi-channel approach it has strengthened customer loyalty through the launch 
of a wide range of new products and services. 
The market share for payroll deposits, which is a key indicator of customer engagement, has evolved from 
27.1% as of 31 December 2019 to 27.6% as of 31 December 2020 (data prepared in-house based on Social 
Security data). 
Premier Banking division is directed towards individual customers with a net worth of between EUR 60,000 
and EUR 500,000, with advisory services provided by specialised managers that are focused on tailored 
solutions to customer needs. Meanwhile, the Private Banking division is aimed at customers with assets under 
management in excess of EUR 500,000, with services offered by professionals through exclusive Private 
Banking Centres. 
Business Banking 
The Business Banking division provides services to business customers with annual turnover of between EUR 
2 million and EUR 200 million. The purpose of this specialised business line is to establish a long-term 
relationship with companies, underpinning their growth and day-to-day management. 
CaixaBank manages this business line through a network of specialised offices and specialist managers. 
Customers also receive support from the Group's branch network and advisory services from its professionals 
specialised in financing and services, treasury and foreign trade.

--- Page 217 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
217 
 
 
Corporate and Institutional Banking 
The Corporate and Institutional division provides services to business customers with annual turnover in 
excess of EUR 200 million. 
Corporate Banking's value proposition offers a tailor-made service to corporate clients, seeking to become 
their main bank. This involves crafting personalised value propositions and working with clients in export 
markets. 
Institutional Banking serves public and private-sector institutions, through specialist management of financial 
services and solutions. 
International Business  
The Group provides international banking services to its clients through operating branches: one in Poland 
(Warsaw), one in the United Kingdom (London), three in Morocco (Casablanca, Tangier and Agadir), one in 
Germany (Frankfurt), and one in France (Paris), representative offices and correspondent banks. 
Insurance 
CaixaBank complements its banking services with a variety of life insurance, pension and general insurance 
products and services. The Group offers these insurance and pension products and services through the 
following entities: 
• 
VidaCaixa, S.A.U. de Seguros y Reaseguros, a wholly-owned subsidiary through which the Group 
provides life insurance products and pension plans. 
• 
SegurCaixa Adeslas, S.A. (SegurCaixa Adeslas), an associate to the Group (49.9% of which is owned 
by VidaCaixa, 50% of which is owned by Mutua Madrileña and the remaining 0.1% of which is owned 
by minority shareholders), through which the Group provides non-life insurance products. 
As of 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019, VidaCaixa was the largest provider in the Spanish market, 
with 26.3% and 25.5% share of the pension market, respectively (according to INVERCO (Asociación de 
Instituciones de Inversión Colectiva y Fondos de Pensiones)) and 29.3% and 28.1% share of the life insurance 
market, respectively, regarding technical provisions (according to ICEA (Investigación Cooperativa entre 
Entidades Aseguradoras y Fondos de Pensiones)). 
As of 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019, SegurCaixa Adeslas was the market leader in health 
insurance in Spain, with a market share of 30.4% and 30.1%, respectively, and had a number two market 
position in the Spanish home insurance market (Source: ICEA (Investigación Cooperativa entre Entidades 
Aseguradoras y Fondos de Pensiones)). 
Equity Investments  
The Equity Investments business line includes the income of equity stakes in international financial entities, 
such as Erste, as well as stakes in certain corporates mainly in the service sector, such as Telefónica, among 
others. 
Erste  
Erste Group Bank is one of the leading banking groups in Austria and the Central and Eastern Europe region 
in terms of total assets. Erste Group Bank is present in Austria, the Czech Republic, Romania, Slovakia, 
Hungary, Croatia and Serbia (core markets). Erste Group Bank serves a total of around 16.1 million customers 
through a network of 2,193 branches in its core markets. As of 31 December 2020, Erste Group Bank had total 
assets amounting to EUR 277,344 million (EUR 245,693 million as of 31 December 2019) (Source: Erste 
Group investor presentation – FY 2020 preliminary results, 26/02/2021).

--- Page 218 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
218 
 
 
As of 31 December 2020 and 2019, CaixaBank held 9.92% of the issued outstanding share capital of Erste 
Group Bank. 
Telefónica 
Telefónica is a digital telecommunications operator, present in 14 countries across Europe and Latin America. 
It generated 71% of its business outside Spain, being the leading operator in the Spanish-Portuguese speaking 
market. For the year 2020, Telefónica achieved consolidated revenues of approximately EUR 43.1 billion and, 
at 31 December 2020, its total accesses amounted to more than 345 million, of which, 266.3 million were 
mobile phones, 28.2 million fixed telephony, 20.1 million Broadband, 8.1 million pay TV and 25.5 million 
wholesale accesses. As of 31 December 2020, total assets managed by Telefónica amounted to approximately 
EUR 105 billion (Source: Telefónica's financial statements and company website). 
As of 31 December 2020, CaixaBank held 4.9% of the issued outstanding share capital of Telefónica (5.0% at 
31 December 2019). The stake decreased to 4.7% after the last scrip dividend payable in cash (on 5 January 
2021). 
Banco BPI  
The Banco BPI business segment includes the profit and loss contributed by Banco BPI to the consolidated 
Group from the acquisition of control in February 2017, at which time the Group began fully consolidating the 
interest held. The statement of profit and loss reflects the reversal of the adjustments derived from the fair 
value measurement of assets and liabilities assumed in the business combination. Equity in this business 
segment relates exclusively to Banco BPI's equity at the sub-consolidated level.  
As of 31 December 2020, Banco BPI had solid market shares in Portugal, with 1.9 million customers: 10.7% 
in lending activity and 11.3% in customer funds (data prepared in-house; for customers funds includes 
deposits, mutual funds, capitalisation insurance and insured pensions plans) (Source: Banco de Portugal, APS, 
APFIPP). 
As of 31 December 2020, CaixaBank's stake in Banco BPI stood at 100% (100% as of 31 December 2019) 
(See "Main singular equity investments and disinvestments in 2019, 2020 and 2021" for additional 
information). 
Bankia business overview by segment  
The merger with Bankia (described in the section "Key events in 2019, 2020 and 2021") implies the addition 
of a significant balance of customer loans and funds. As of 31 December 2020 Bankia had EUR 124,32824 
million in gross customer loans and EUR 156,189 million in customer funds25. 
This section shows financial information on the different business segments of Bankia:  
• 
Retail Banking: includes retail banking with legal and natural persons (with annual turnover of less 
than EUR 6 million), Private Banking and Asset Management activity, and the Bancassurance 
Directorate distributed through a large multi-channel network in Spain and operating a customer-
focused business model. 
• 
Business Banking: serves legal persons with annual sales volumes of over EUR 6 million as well as 
the main public sector players (e.g. the State and the Autonomous Regions, among others) (Business 
Banking and Corporate Banking), and activities in Capital Markets (trading in derivatives, financial 
advisory services, loan and special finance origination, fixed income origination and trading, and 
distribution of fixed income products to the network), and has specialised Business Development 
teams (including foreign trade, products and services, business intelligence and sustainable financing). 
                                                     
24  
Figure under management criteria. 
25  
Customer loans and funds data under management criteria as included in Bankia's 2020 Annual Earning Report.

--- Page 219 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
219 
 
 
Other individuals, legal persons and selfemployed persons with revenues below this threshold are 
served by the Retail Banking area for these purposes. 
• 
Corporate Centre: deals with any areas other than those already mentioned, including the Investees 
Management area, as well as "Non-current assets held for sale". 
Bankia's Profit/loss by business segment for 2020 and 2019 is as follows: 
2020: 
(in thousands of euros) 
  
  
  
  
 ITEM 
Retail Banking 
Business 
Banking 
Corporate 
Centre 
Group 
NET INTEREST INCOME 
831,125 
425,746 
647,247 
1,904,118 
Dividend income 
- 
17 
1,837 
1,854 
Share of profit or loss of entities accounted for using the equity method 
- 
- 
59,749 
59,749 
Fee and commission income and expenses 
963,484 
212,669 
36,653 
1,212,806 
+/- Gains or losses on financial assets and liabilities and exchange 
differences 
(115) 
41,511 
118,761 
160,157 
+/- Other operating income and expenses 
(168,775) 
(14,771) 
(66,715) 
(250,261) 
GROSS INCOME 
1,625,719 
665,172 
797,532 
3,088,423 
Administrative expenses 
(916,535) 
(63,585) 
(605,078) 
(1,585,198) 
Depreciation and amortisation 
(92,337) 
(2,257) 
(100,778) 
(195,372) 
RESULTS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES BEFORE 
PROVISIONS 
616,847 
599,330 
91,676 
1,307,853 
Provisions or (-) reversal of provisions 
13,751 
7,463 
3,217 
24,431 
Impairment or (-) reversal of impairment on financial assets not 
measured at fair value through profit or loss 
(286,692) 
(205,644) 
(551,456) 
(1,043,792) 
Impairment losses on other assets (net) and other gains and losses 
104 
10 
22,887 
23,001 
PROFIT/(LOSS) BEFORE TAX 
344,010 
401,159 
(433,676) 
311,493 
 
2019: 
(in thousands of euros) 
  
  
  
  
 ITEM  
Retail Banking 
Business 
Banking 
Corporate 
Centre 
Group 
NET INTEREST INCOME 
1,283,839 
398,767 
340,421 
2,023,027 
Dividend income 
- 
185 
17,249 
17,434 
Share of profit or loss of entities accounted for using the equity method 
- 
- 
60,024 
60,024 
Fee and commission income and expenses 
870,037 
178,752 
31,854 
1,080,643 
+/- Gains or losses on financial assets and liabilities and exchange 
differences 
524 
40,398 
272,387 
313,309 
+/- Other operating income and expenses 
(158,800) 
(8,469) 
(82,138) 
(249,407) 
GROSS INCOME 
1,995,600 
609,633 
639,797 
3,245,030 
Administrative expenses 
(934,499) 
(61,675) 
(619,554) 
(1,615,728) 
Depreciation and amortisation 
(91,778) 
(1,840) 
(107,334) 
(200,952) 
RESULTS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES BEFORE 
PROVISIONS 
969,323 
546,118 
(87,091) 
1,428,350 
Provisions or (-) reversal of provisions 
(3,523) 
55,137 
(66,166) 
(14,552) 
Impairment or (-) reversal of impairment on financial assets not 
measured at fair value through profit or loss 
(287,760) 
102,176 
(277,357) 
(462,941) 
Impairment losses on other assets (net) and other gains and losses 
(193) 
- 
(194,974) 
(195,167) 
PROFIT/(LOSS) BEFORE TAX 
677,847 
703,431 
(625,588) 
755,690

--- Page 220 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
220 
 
 
Business by Geographical Area 
CaixaBank business by geographical area 
The Group's ordinary income for the years ended 31 December 2020 and 2019 by geographical area is as 
follows: 
DISTRIBUTION OF ORDINARY INCOME*  
 
(Millions of euros) 
 
ORDINARY INCOME FROM 
CUSTOMERS 
 
ORDINARY INCOME BETWEEN 
SEGMENTS 
TOTAL ORDINARY 
INCOME
2020
2019 
2020
2019 
2020
2019
Banking and insurance 
11,245
11,345
90
138
11,335
11,483
 Spain 
11,039
11,170
90
138
11,129
11,308
 Other countries 
206
175
206
175
Equity Investments 
177
370
177
370
 Spain 
62
106
62
106
 Other countries 
115
264
115
264
Banco BPI 
750
757
42
64
792
821
 Portugal/Spain 
742
749
42
64
784
813
 Other countries 
8
8
8
8
Ordinary adjustments and 
eliminations between 
segments 
(132)
(202)
(132)
(202)
TOTAL  
12,172
12,472
0
0
12,172
12,472
(*) Corresponding to the following items in the Group's public statement of profit or loss. 
 1. Interest income 
 2. Dividend income 
 3. Share of profit/(loss) of entities accounted for using the equity method 
 4. Fee and commission income 
 5. Gains/(losses) on derecognition of financial assets and liabilities not measured at fair value through profit or loss, net 
 6. Gains/(losses) on financial assets and liabilities held for trading, net 
 7. Gains/(losses) on assets not designated for trading compulsorily measured at fair value through profit or loss, net 
 8. Gains/(losses) on financial assets and liabilities designated at fair value through profit or loss, net 
 9. Gains/(losses) from hedge accounting, net 
10. Other operating income 
11. Income from assets under insurance and reinsurance contracts 
Bankia business by geographical area 
Bankia’s consolidated ordinary income for the years ended 31 December 2020 and 2019 by geographical area 
was as follows: 
(in thousands of euros) 
  
ITEM 
31/12/2020 
31/12/2019 
Domestic market 
3,783,957 
3,996,620 
International market: 
- 
771 
European Union 
- 
- 
Other OECD countries 
- 
- 
Other countries 
- 
771 
Total 
3,783,957 
3,997,391 
Main singular equity investments and disinvestments in 2019, 2020 and 2021 
Banco BPI acquisition process  
The business combination with Banco BPI was implemented in 2017. The takeover of Banco BPI entailed a 
change in the nature of this investment, from an investment in an associate to an investment in a Group 
company. From an accounting perspective, the change in the nature of the investment led to a revaluation of

--- Page 221 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
221 
 
 
the previous stake of 45.5% in Banco BPI to the bid price, generating a gross loss of EUR 186 million under 
Gains/(losses) on derecognition of non-financial assets and investments (net) in the Group's consolidated 
statement of profit or loss for 2017, and a simultaneous recognition of 100% of the assets and liabilities 
comprising the stake in Banco BPI as part of the purchase price allocation (PPA) required under IFRS 3. The 
accounting of the PPA resulted in a negative difference arising on consolidation of EUR 442 million in the 
2017 consolidated statement of profit or loss. 
In view of the foregoing, at the date of acquisition of control, the total impact – on the 2017 income statement 
– of the business combination reached EUR 256 million. 
On 6 May 2018 CaixaBank announced the acquisition of an 8.42% stake of the share capital of Banco BPI 
owned by Allianz group, for a total price of EUR 178 million (EUR 1.45 per share), becoming the holder of 
92.93% of the share capital of Banco BPI. This price represented a premium of 22.67% on the share price and 
a premium of 22.16% with respect to the average price weighted by the price volume of the last 6 months.  
With a majority of 99.26% of the votes issued, on 29 June 2018 the Banco BPI General Shareholder's Meeting 
approved the delisting and the purchase offered by CaixaBank to the shareholders that did not vote in favour, 
at a price of EUR 1.45 per share. Subsequently, on 12 July 2018, Banco BPI requested its delisting from the 
Portuguese Securities Market Commission (Comissão do Mercado de Valores Mobiliários) (the CMVM). 
Between 5 May and 23 August 2018, CaixaBank purchased shares in Banco BPI on the market for a price 
equal to or lower than EUR 1.45 per share, until reaching 94.9% of its share capital.  
Finally, on 27 December 2018, after the delisting and the combination of the offer intended for the shareholders 
who had not voted in favour of the delisting and the takeover offer in the area of article 490 of the Company 
Code, CaixaBank exercised its sell-out right on the Banco BPI shares which it did not yet hold at a price of 
EUR 1.47 per share, and thus, became the holder of 100% of the Banco BPI share capital.  
The sell-out right was settled at the beginning of January 2019. The disbursement in order to acquire 5.1% of 
the share capital after the delisting from the stock exchange and to reach 100% of the Banco BPI share capital 
amounted to EUR 108 million and did not affect the consolidated statement of profit or loss. 
Agreement to sell the stake in Repsol 
On 20 September 2018, the Group began disposal of the then current shareholding in Repsol, in line with the 
guidelines set out in the current strategic plan. 
The impact deriving from the loss of significant influence in the shareholding in Repsol, after the execution of 
the equity-swap contracts and the reclassification of the residual shareholding to the financial heading 
"Financial assets at fair value with changes in other comprehensive income" of the consolidated balance sheet 
stood at a gross loss of EUR 453 million, registered under the heading "Gains/(losses) on derecognition of 
non-financial assets, net" of the 2018 income statement.  
The divestment of the residual holding recorded under "Financial assets at fair value with changes in other 
comprehensive income" finalised in 2019. 
Agreement to sell the stake in Comercia 
See information in "Key events in 2019, 2020 and 2021" section ("Agreement between CaixaBank Payments 
& Consumer S.A. and Global Payments Inc."). 
Merger with Bankia 
See information in "Key events in 2019, 2020 and 2021" section ("Merger with Bankia").

--- Page 222 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
222 
 
 
Trend information 
In light of global events (in particular, the impact of COVID-19) occurred in 2020 and 2021 up to the date of 
registration of this Base Prospectus, the essential aspects of the macroeconomic framework were reviewed and 
the relevant scenarios for the purposes of the Bank’s activity are: 
Global economic scenario 
In 2020, the global economy, largely affected by the COVID-19 shock, fell by 3.3% on an annual basis (as 
reported by the International Monetary Fund), a bloated figure surpassing that of the Great Recession of 2009. 
The year ended with many countries facing a new wave of COVID-19, although the global economy was 
affected to a lesser extent than during the first wave in the spring of 2020. This lower impact was, to a great 
extent, the result of implementing lockdown measures which were more targeted and less invasive to economic 
activity. The early months of 2021 followed on the latter footsteps of 2020, with a new wave hitting the 
northern hemisphere and the previous wave receding in the southern hemisphere. As a result, the global 
recovery process will undoubtedly have stalled.  
In the coming months, the macroeconomic scenario is expected to continue to grapple with potential further 
outbreaks of the virus. In this context, the vaccination process, which is currently being implemented globally 
at an asymmetric speed (faster in the United States and the United Kingdom, slower in the EU), should allow 
for a gradual easing of activity restriction and mobility measures in the coming months. Similarly, the 
deployment of vaccines is diluting the odds associated with extremely severe scenarios. 
In an environment in which pandemic swings still hamper a major advance of global economic recovery, fiscal 
and monetary authorities have unveiled new stimulus measures. These include the strong fiscal stimulus 
approved in the United States, equivalent to about 9.0% of the country’s GDP. This stimulus package largely 
comprises direct aid and is expected to be spent for the most part during 2021. Stimuli of this extent can be 
expected to have international implications and support growth in America’s major trading partners, Europe 
being one of them.  
The increase in fiscal stimulus has been accompanied by a concern of a possible rise in inflation. Despite this 
concern, and in view of the reading that the tightening of prices should be temporary, central banks have 
reiterated their commitment to an environment of loose financial conditions for an extended period of time, 
thereby giving priority to consolidating an economic expansion that is still in the making.  
Ultimately, the evolution of the pandemic and medical advances will continue to shape the macroeconomic 
scenario in the coming months. The first quarter of 2021 has already been affected by the third outbreak of the 
virus, thus, the worst-affected economies are likely to continue to along a trend of minimal growth, which in 
some cases could even slide toward negative rates. Following the first quarter, the deployment of vaccines, 
especially among the highest-risk groups, should relieve pressure on the health system and allow for a gradual 
withdrawal of measures to curb mobility and activity. Consequently, the Issuer forecasts a substantial rebound 
in economic activity (global growth of 5.9%). However, the confidence intervals around the macroeconomic 
outlook remain unusually large, particularly because the epidemiological evolution — as evidenced by the 
emergence of new variants — remains uncertain. 
Eurozone  
Following a slight decline in eurozone activity in the fourth quarter of 2020, the latest data suggest that activity 
could continue to slip in the first quarter of 2021 due to the measures implemented to address new outbreaks 
of the virus. However, the decline is expected to be moderate, and should not compromise the improvement 
in growth forecast for the coming quarters, although this may differ significantly among Member States. 
Economies that have been affected by the pandemic to a lesser extent, those with an economic structure less 
sensitive to the restrictions on mobility and/or more fiscal space are expected to better ride out this situation.

--- Page 223 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
223 
 
 
However, the Issuer expects the recovery to pick up in the second half of the year and — together with the 
vaccination of the main risk groups —bring overall growth for 2021 to 4.1% (forecasting of the Issuer).  
In this area of economic policy, it is worth noting the role of the Recovery Plan proposed by the European 
Commission (named NGEU), which is expected to favour a synchronised reactivation at a European level. The 
funds (EUR 360,000 million in loans and EUR 390,000 million in transfers) provide a significant amount to 
support the short-term economic recovery. In addition, the Plan provides incentives aimed at transforming and 
modernising the economies (placing special emphasis on the environmental and technological transitions) and 
includes elements, such as issuing a significant amount of common bonds, which could lay the foundations for 
a leap forward in building Europe. 
Spain and Portugal  
The indicators available to date indicate that the Spanish economy could follow a momentum similar to that 
of Europe. Thus, the Issuer considers that the impact of the third wave of the virus may cause GDP to contract 
by around 0.5% quarterly in the first quarter of 2021. Subsequently, the scenario remains closely linked to the 
evolution of the pandemic. While the rate of vaccination is expected to increase resolutely during the second 
quarter of 2021, vaccine deployment among the major risk groups is not expected to be completed until the 
middle or end of the quarter. Thus, the economy could still be affected by new outbreaks of the virus in the 
coming weeks. However, the economic impact of these new waves should continue to decline and lead to a 
strong economic recovery that the Issuer expects to result in 6.0% growth overall for the year. 
In light of the prolonged impact of the pandemic, the Spanish Government has introduced new measures to 
support the economy. Most noteworthy is the EUR 11 billion package of aid to companies to prevent temporary 
liquidity problems from unnecessarily leading to solvency problems. 
In Portugal, the severity of the third wave of infections forced the implementation of much more drastic 
lockdown measures than those implemented in Spain. The impact of the measures has already been reflected 
in falling contagion rates, but they have affected much of the first quarter of the year. Thus, in the first quarter 
of 2021, the decline in GDP is expected to be sharper than in the case of Spain.

--- Page 224 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
224 
 
 
Organisational Structure 
The table below shows the main subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates within the Group as of 31 December 
2020 and their type of link:  
 
The above chart does not reflect the structure contributed by the merger with Bankia. As of 31 December 2020 
Bankia was the parent company of the consolidated group made of 41 companies comprising subsidiaries, 
joint ventures and associates, engaging in a range of activities, including the provision of finance, insurance, 
asset management, services, real estate development and management. The ownership interests in the

--- Page 225 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
225 
 
 
companies comprising the consolidated Bankia group were kept directly in Bankia's own portfolio or, 
indirectly, through different holdings, the most relevant of which as of 31 December 2020 were as follows: 
 
Capital structure 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, CaixaBank's share capital is EUR 8,060,647,033 divided 
into 8,060,647,033 fully subscribed and paid ordinary shares with a par value of EUR 1 each. All shares are 
of the same class with the same rights attached.  
CaixaBank's shares are admitted to trading on the Spanish stock exchanges and on the continuous market, and 
have been included in the IBEX 35 since 4 February 2008. CaixaBank is subject to the oversight of the CNMV, 
the ECB and the Bank of Spain. 
Major Shareholders  
The following table sets forth information as of 23 April 2021 concerning the significant ownership interests 
of CaixaBank's shares (as defined by Spanish regulations, those who hold a stake in the Issuer's share capital 
representing 3% or more of the total voting rights, or 1% or more if the relevant significant shareholder is 
established in a tax haven), based on filings with the CNMV, excluding the members of the Board of Directors:  
Name of Shareholder 
Ownership (voting rights in shares) 
 
Direct 
Indirect 
% Total 
la Caixa Banking Foundation(1) ............................................... 
- 
2,419,131,875 
30.012 
FROB(2) ................................................................................... 
- 
1,299,124,905 
16.117 
Blackrock INC(3) ..................................................................... 
- 
210,370,660 
2.610 
Notes: 
(1) la Caixa Banking Foundation's indirect stake is held through its wholly subsidiary CriteriaCaixa. 
(2) FROB's indirect stake is held through its wholly subsidiary BFA Tenedora de Acciones, S.A.U. 
(3) In addition to the 2.610% voting rights in shares, Blackrock INC has reported on 30 March 2021 entitlement to 0.040% voting rights through 
financial instruments and 0.481% voting rights through CFDs, that represents a total position of 3.131% of voting rights of CaixaBank. 
The Savings Banks and Banking Foundations Act requires banking foundations to enter into a protocol for 
managing their stakes in financial institutions. The Caixa Banking Foundation protocol managing its 
ownership interest in CaixaBank regulates, among others: (a) the basic strategic lines governing the 
management by la Caixa Banking Foundation of its ownership interest in CaixaBank; (b) the relationships 
between the board of trustees of la Caixa Banking Foundation and CaixaBank's governing bodies; (c) the 
general criteria governing transactions between la Caixa Banking Foundation and CaixaBank and the

--- Page 226 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
226 
 
 
mechanisms to avoid conflicts of interest; and (d) the granting to la Caixa Banking Foundation of a right of 
first refusal in respect of the interest of CaixaBank in Monte de Piedad. 
In addition, la Caixa Banking Foundation as parent company of the “la Caixa” group, CriteriaCaixa, as direct 
shareholder of CaixaBank, and CaixaBank, as a listed company, have an Internal Relations Protocol in place 
whose main objectives are: (a) to manage the related-party transactions deriving from transactions or services 
rendered; (b) to establish mechanisms that attempt to avoid the emergence of conflicts of interest; (c) to make 
provision for la Caixa Banking Foundation to have a pre-emptive right in the event of a transfer by CaixaBank 
of Monte de Piedad; (d) to establish the basic principles for a possible collaboration between CaixaBank and 
la Caixa Banking Foundation; and (e) regulate the proper flow of information so that la Caixa Banking 
Foundation, CriteriaCaixa and CaixaBank can elaborate their financial statements and comply with periodical 
information and supervision obligations. Another essential objective of the protocol is the acceptance and firm 
commitment of the parties to comply with the conditions established by the ECB for the prudential 
deconsolidation of Criteria in CaixaBank. 
CaixaBank is not aware of the existence of any agreement which could lead to a change of control at a 
subsequent date. 
Management of the Issuer 
The Board of Directors is the Bank's most senior representative, management and administrative body with 
powers to adopt agreements on all matters except those that fall within the remit of the General Shareholders 
Meeting and it ensures regulatory compliance and the implementation of good practices in the performance of 
its activity, as well as adherence to the additional principles of social responsibility that it has voluntarily 
assumed. 
At CaixaBank, the Chairperson and CEO have different yet complementary roles. There is a clear division of 
responsibilities between each position. The Chairperson is the senior representative of the Bank and also an 
executive director with executive responsibilities over certain areas. The Board of Directors has appointed a 
CEO, who is the major executive director of the Bank and is responsible for the day-to-day management under 
the supervision of the Board. There is also a delegated committee, the Executive Committee, which has 
executive functions (excluding those that cannot be delegated). It reports to the Board of Directors and meets 
on a more regular basis. 
There is also a Lead Director appointed from among the independent directors, who is responsible for handling, 
coordinating and expressing the concerns of the other Independent Directors, as well as directing the periodic 
assessment of the Chairperson, chairing the Board of Directors in the absence of the Chairperson and Deputy 
Chairperson, in addition to other assigned duties. 
The directors meet the requirements of honorability, experience and good governance in accordance with the 
applicable law at all times, considering, furthermore, recommendations and proposals for the composition of 
administrative bodies and profile of directors issued by authorities and national or community experts. 
In accordance with its current By-laws (Estatutos), the Board of Directors must consist of a minimum of 12 
and a maximum of 15 members.  
All members of the Board of Directors are elected to serve 4-year terms and may be re-elected one or more 
times for periods of equal length (nevertheless, independent Directors will not stay on as such for a continuous 
period of more than 12 years). CaixaBank's Board of Directors Regulations state that the Board of Directors 
shall endeavour to ensure that external Directors or non-executive Directors represent a broad majority over 
executive Directors and that the latter should be the minimum.

--- Page 227 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
227 
 
 
Committees of the Board of Directors 
As part of its self-governance activities, the Board of Directors of CaixaBank, besides the Executive 
Committee, has five specialised committees, with supervisory and advisory powers, which are: (i) the Audit 
and Control Committee, (ii) the Appointments Committee, (iii) the Remuneration Committee, (iv) the Risks 
Committee and (v) the Innovation, Technology and Digital Transformation Committee.   
The Board of Directors and its Committees are governed by the provisions of the By-laws and the Board of 
Directors Regulations. The composition, functions and regulations of the Board of Directors and its 
Committees is available at CaixaBank's corporate website (www.caixabank.com). 
The Board of Directors has delegated all of its powers in favour of the Executive Committee, except for those 
which cannot be delegated pursuant to the provisions of the Spanish Companies Law, the Board Regulations 
and CaixaBank's By-laws. 
Senior Management 
In addition, the Senior Management (Comité de Dirección) of CaixaBank is composed of CaixaBank's CEO 
and the persons responsible for the different areas within the Bank. 
The CEO, the Senior Management, and the main committees of the Bank are responsible for the daily 
management, implementation and development of the decisions made by the Corporate Governance Bodies. 
Board of Directors  
The table below sets out the names of the members of the Board of Directors, the respective dates of their first 
appointment, their positions within CaixaBank and the nature of their membership: 
Name  
Post 
Nature 
Date of first 
appointment 
Shareholder represented 
José Ignacio Goirigolzarri (10) (15) 
Chairman 
Executive 
03-12-2020 
 
Tomás Muniesa (10) (14) 
Deputy Chairman 
Proprietary 
01-01-2018 (2)(3) 
"la Caixa" Banking 
Foundation 
Gonzalo Gortázar (10) (15) 
CEO 
Executive 
30-06-2014 (4)(5)(6) 
-- 
John S. Reed (11) 
Lead Independent Director 
Independent 
03-11-2011 (4)(7) 
-- 
Joaquín Ayuso (13) (14) 
Director 
Independent 
03-12-2020 
Francisco Javier Campo (11) (12) 
Director 
Independent 
03-12-2020 
Eva Castillo (10) (15) 
Director 
Independent 
03-12-2020 
Fernando María Costa (11) (14) 
Director 
Other external 
03-12-2020 
María Verónica Fisas (10) (14) 
Director 
Independent 
25-02-2016 (8) 
-- 
Cristina Garmendia (12) (13) (15) 
Director 
Independent 
05-04-2019 
-- 
María Amparo Moraleda (10) (13) (15) 
Director 
Independent 
24-04-2014 (4) 
-- 
Eduardo Javier Sanchiz (11) (12) (14) 
Director 
Independent 
21-09-2017 (2) 
-- 
Teresa Santero (12) 
Director 
Proprietary 
03-12-2020 
FROB and BFA Tenedora de 
Acciones S.A.U. 
José Serna (12) (13) 
Director 
Propietary 
30-06-2016 (1) 
”la Caixa” Banking 
Foundation 
Koro Usarraga (10) (12) (14) 
Director 
Independent 
30-06-2016 (1) 
Óscar Calderón 
General Secretary and 
Secretary to the Board of 
Directors 
General Secretary and 
Secretary to the Board 
of Directors (non-
director) 
27-06-2011 (9) 
Óscar Figueres 
First Deputy Secretary to the 
Board of Directors 
First Deputy 
Secretary to the Board 
of Directors (non-
director) 
23-10-2017 
Notes: 
(1) Ratified and appointed Board of Director member on 6 April 2017.

--- Page 228 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
228 
 
 
(2) Ratified and appointed Board of Director member on 6 April 2018. 
(3) Qualified as Proprietary Director on 22 November 2018. 
(4) Reelected on 5 April 2019. 
(5) Ratified and appointed Director on 23 April 2015. 
(6) Reelected CEO on 23 April 2015 and 5 April 2019. 
(7) Appointed as Lead Independent Director by the Board on 20 February 2020, with effects since 22 May 2020. 
(8) Ratified and appointed as Director on 28 April 2016. Reelected Board of Director member on 22 May 2020. 
(9) Appointed Secretary to the Board of Directors on 1 January 2017. Appointed General Secretary on 29 May 2014. 
(10) Member of the Executive Committee. Mr José Ignacio Goirigolzarri is the Chairman of the Executive Committee. 
(11) Member of the Appointments Committee. Mr John S. Reed is the Chairman of the Appointments Committee. 
(12) Member of the Audit and Control Committee. Ms. Koro Usarraga is the Chairwoman of the Audit and Control Committee. 
(13) Member of the Remuneration Committee. Ms. María Amparo Moraleda is the Chairwoman Remuneration Committee. 
(14) Member of the Risks Committee. Mr. Eduardo Javier Sanchiz is the Chairman of the Risks Committee. 
(15) Member of the Innovation, Technology and Digital Transformation Committee. Mr. José Ignacio Goirigolzarri is the Chairman of the Innovation, 
Technology and Digital Transformation Committee. 
The business address of each member of the Board of Directors is Calle Pintor Sorolla, 2-4, 46002 Valencia, 
Spain. 
The table below sets out all entities in which the members of the Board of Directors are members of 
administrative, management or supervisory bodies or in which they hold partnership positions as of the date 
of this Base Prospectus, notified to the Register of Senior Officers at the Bank of Spain, except (i) purely 
familiar or patrimonial companies, (ii) subsidiaries of an issuer in which they are also a member of the 
administrative, management or supervisory bodies and (iii) CaixaBank Group companies. 
Name 
 
Company 
 
Title 
José Ignacio Goirigolzarri  
Spanish Confederation of Savings Banks -
CECA 
Deputy Chairman 
Garum Fundation Fundazioa  
 
Chairman 
Tomás Muniesa  
SegurCaixa Adeslas, S.A. de Seguros y
Reaseguros (multigrupo) 
Deputy Chairman 
Companhia de Seguros Allianz Portugal, S.A. 
Director 
Joaquin Ayuso 
Adriano Care Socimi, S.A. 
Chairman 
Francisco Javier Campo 
Meliá Hotels International, S.A. 
Director 
Eva Castillo 
Zardoya Otis, S.A. 
International Consolidated Airlines Group, S.A.
(IAG) 
Director  
Director 
María Verónica Fisas  
Natura Bissé Int. S.A. (España) 
CEO 
Cristina Garmendia  
Mediaset España Comunicación, S.A. 
Director 
Compañía de Distribución Integral Logista
Holding, S.A. 
Director 
Ysios Asset Management, S.L. 
Director 
María Amparo Moraleda  
Vodafone Group, PLC 
Director 
Solvay, S.A. 
Director 
Airbus Group, N.V. 
Director 
John.S. Reed 
American Cash Exchange 
Chairman 
Eduardo Javier Sanchiz  
Pierre Fabre, S.A. 
Director 
Koro Usarraga  
2005 KP Inversiones, S.L. 
Director 
Vehicle Testing Equipment, S.L. 
Director 
Vocento, S.A. 
Director 
CaixaBank's Board of Directors Regulations include rules which are designed to prevent situations where a 
potential conflict of interest may arise. These Regulations provide, among other matters, that directors must

--- Page 229 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
229 
 
 
abstain from attending and intervening in deliberations and voting which affect matters in which they are 
personally interested.  
Since 1 January 2020, no director has notified the Issuer of any situation that places him or her in a permanent 
conflict of interest with the Group. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, there were no conflicts of interest, 
or potential conflicts of interest, between any duties toward the Issuer of any of the members of the Board of 
Directors of the Issuer and their respective private interests and/or any other duties. 
Management Committee 
The following table identifies the members of the senior management (Comité de Dirección) of CaixaBank, 
which is composed of CaixaBank’s CEO and the persons responsible for the different areas as of the date of 
this Base Prospectus:  
Name 
Post 
Date of appointment (Management Committee) 
Gonzalo Gortázar  
 
 
CEO 
30-06-2011 
Juan Antonio Alcaraz   
 
 
Head of Retail, Business and Private Banking 
30-06-2011 
Xavier Coll  
 
 
Chief Human Resources Officer 
30-06-2011 
Jordi Mondéjar  
 
 
Chief Risks Officer  
10-07-2014  
Iñaki Badiola  
 
 
Head of CIB and International Banking 
22-11-2018 
Luis Javier Blas  
 
 
Chief Operating Officer 
30-10-2019 
Matthias Bulach  
 
 
Head of Accounting, Management Control and Capital 
28-11-2016 
Manuel Galarza  
 
 
Head of Control and Compliance 
30-03-2021 
María Luisa Martínez  
 
 
Head of Communications and Institutional Relations 
27-05-2016 
Javier Pano  
 
 
Chief Financial Officer 
24-10-2013 
Marisa Retamosa  
 
 
Head of Internal Audit 
22-11-2018 
Eugenio Solla  
 
 
Chief Sustainability Officer  
30-03-2021 
Javier Valle  
 
 
Head of Insurance 
22-11-2018 
Óscar Calderón  
 
 
Board Secretary and General Council 
29-05-2014 
The table below sets out all entities in which the members of senior management are members of 
administrative, management or supervisory bodies or in which they hold partnership positions as of the date 
of this Base Prospectus, except (i) purely familiar or patrimonial companies, (ii) subsidiaries of an issuer in 
which they are also a member of the administrative, management or supervisory bodies and (iii) CaixaBank 
Group companies.

--- Page 230 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
230 
 
 
Name 
 
Company 
 
Title 
Juan Antonio Alcaraz 
SegurCaixa Adeslas, S.A. de Seguros y Reaseguras 
Member of the Board 
Matthias Bulach 
Erste Group Bank AG 
Member of the Supervisory Board and
of the Audit Committee 
Jordi Mondéjar 
SAREB 
Director 
Javier Pano  
CecaBank 
Director 
and 
member 
of 
the
Appointment Committee 
Javier Valle 
Unespa 
Icea 
Deputy Chairman/Member of the
Executive Committee and the Board
of Directors  
Director 
The business address of each member of the Management Committee is Calle Pintor Sorolla, 2-4, 46002 
Valencia, Spain. 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, there were no conflicts of interest, or potential conflicts of interest, 
between any duties toward the Issuer of any of the members of the Management Committee of the Issuer and 
their respective private interests and/or any other duties. 
Litigation  
The Group is party to certain legal proceedings arising from the normal course of its business, including claims 
in connection with lending activities, relationships with employees and other commercial or tax matters. The 
outcome of court proceedings is inherently uncertain. The Group provisions under the concept "Pending legal 
issues and tax litigation", which totalled EUR 332 million as of 31 December 2020 and EUR 394 million as 
of 31 December 2019, are considered reasonable to cover the obligations that may arise from ongoing lawsuits 
based on available information. In addition, the Group provisions under the concept "Other Provisions", which 
totalled EUR 468 million as of 31 December 2020 and EUR 497 million as of 31 December 2019, are 
maintained to cover, among others, the losses from agreements not formalised and other risks such as those 
related with the class action brought by ADICAE (the Association of Banking and Insurance Consumers, 
ADICAE) due to the application of floor clauses in certain mortgage loans as described below. Given the 
nature of these obligations, the expected timing of these economic outflows, if any, is uncertain. 
Regarding Bankia, provisions maintained under “Pending procedural issues and tax litigation” to cover the 
risks of lawsuits and proceedings arising from the ordinary course of operations, along with other legal, 
regulatory and tax risks amounted to EUR 195.9 million as of 31 December 2020 (EUR 224.5 million as of 31 
December 2019). 
However, in view of the inherent difficulty in predicting the outcome of legal matters, particularly where the 
claimants seek very large or indeterminate damages, or where the cases present novel legal theories, involve a 
large number of parties or are in the early stages of investigation or discovery, the Group cannot state with 
confidence what the eventual outcome of these pending matters will be or what the eventual loss, fines or 
penalties related to each pending matter may be. As such, the provisions made by the Group or the estimate 
for maximum risk could prove to be inadequate and may have to be increased to cover the impact of the

--- Page 231 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
231 
 
 
different proceedings or to cover additional liabilities, which could lead to higher costs for the Group. This 
could have a material adverse effect on the Group's results and financial situation. 
Litigiousness in the field of banking and financial products is subject to comprehensive monitoring and control 
to identify risks that may lead, based on the best information available at any given time, to raise the appropriate 
provisions to cover such risks. 
In the case of disputes under general conditions, generally linked to the granting of mortgage loans to 
consumers (e.g. Floor clauses, mortgage expenses, advance maturity, etc.), the necessary provisions are held 
by the Group. In the same way, CaixaBank has adapted its provisions to the risk of ongoing actions arising 
from claims for the amounts of payments on account for the purchase of off-plan housing, banking, financial 
and investment products, excessive and abnormal price of interest rates (see specific section below), right to 
honor or statements of subsidiary civil liability arising from possible conduct of persons with employment 
links.  
Lastly, a criterion of prudence is adopted for constituting provisions for possible punishable administrative 
procedures, for which hedging is allocated in accordance with the economic criteria that may be laid down by 
the specific administration regarding the procedure.  
The content of the main sections of this heading is set out below. The expected timing of outflows of funds 
embodying economic benefits, should they arise, is uncertain. 
Floor clauses in mortgages 
The legal proceeding initiated by the class action brought by ADICAE due to the application of floor clauses 
in certain mortgage loans is currently in the phase of Reversal and Procedural Infringement before the Spanish 
Supreme Court. 
The risk associated with this matter has been managed with specific provisions amounting to EUR 625 million, 
and a team and specific procedures were developed to comply with the requests filed under the framework of 
Royal Decree-Law 1/2017, of 20 January, on urgent measures to protect consumers against floor clauses.  
The disbursements accumulated in 2019 and associated with this procedure reached EUR 102 million and 
there have not been significant disbursements associated to this procedure in 2020. 
With the available information, the risk derived from the disbursements that could arise due to these litigation 
proceedings is reasonably covered by the corresponding provisions. 
Regarding Bankia, as of 31 December 2020, there were 4,411 legal proceedings (individual actions) seeking 
the invalidity of floor clauses underway in addition to the class action brought by ADICAE mentioned above. 
Ongoing criminal investigation of certain corporate transactions 
As a result of a private prosecution, a set of corporate transactions in 2015 and 2016, together with an asset 
transaction, as alleged by the referred prosecution, are under investigation, the latter however being non-
existent (since it was never granted and therefore never executed). Without prejudice to the reputational 
damage resulting from any judicial investigation, it is not considered as probable that an economic risk linked 
to this criminal proceeding would materialise or cause a negative effect. 
Transparency of IRPH interest rate clauses  
In relation to the official benchmark rate for mortgage loans in Spain called IRPH (Índice de Referencia de 
Préstamos Hipotecarios), the judgment issued by the Court of Justice of the European Union (CJEU) on 3 
March 2020, and the set of judgments issued by the First Chamber of the Spanish High Court on 6 November

--- Page 232 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
232 
 
 
2020 and on 12 November 2020 have provided clarity and guidance in the context of claims questioning lack 
of transparency in the marketing of mortgage loans indexed to the IRPH rate.  
The chief legal conclusion of the current judicial framework, notwithstanding any eventual change to come, is 
that mortgage loans indexed to the IRPH rate are valid.  
In those mortgage loans indexed to the IRPH rate in the context of public agreements for facilitating access to 
social housing, the Spanish High Court determined the existence of transparency based on, among others: (i) 
the essential information relating to the calculation of the IRPH rate contained in the agreement was easily 
accessible, (ii) the IRPH rate is an official benchmark rate included in the Bank of Spain’s Transparency 
Circular and subject to specific regulation, (iii) the relevant clause expressly referred to this regulation and to 
the relevant public agreements and (iv) both the regulation and the public agreements are publicly available 
since they are published in the Spanish Official State Gazette (BOE). 
In cases not covered by the abovementioned scenario, pre-contractual and contractual information provided to 
consumers of mortgage loans indexed to the IRPH rate should be examined on a case-by-case basis, in order 
to determine whether there is lack of transparency, since there are no assessed means of testing material 
transparency. Most importantly, any determination of lack of transparency requires the Spanish High Court – 
according to the legal principle established on by the CJEU – to determine the existence of abuse (due to bad 
faith and major imbalance). In the opinion of the Spanish High Court, there is no imbalanced situation at the 
time of subscribing the relevant agreement since the subsequent evolution is irrelevant at such time, and good 
faith is not infringed when offering an official rate included among those to be used in mortgage lending 
transactions as indicated by the Bank of Spain since the end of 1993. Moreover, some regulatory provisions 
had determined that the reference rate for financing the purchase of social housing was the IRPH rate. 
Additionally, it should be noted that the hypothetical substitution of the IRPH reference rate by the “IRPH 
Entidades” reference rate, as “supplementary legal index” expressly quoted by the CJEU in case of abuse and 
where no substitutive reference rate had been previously agreed by the parties, would not make any significant 
difference. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Court of First Instance No. 38 of Barcelona has formulated a new request 
for preliminary rulings with the CJEU, following its judgment of 3 March 2020 in Case C-125/18, which will 
be subject to specific monitoring by the Group. 
As of 31 December 2020, the total amount of mortgages up to date with payments indexed to the IRPH rate 
subscribed by individuals is approximately EUR 5,328 million (the majority of which are consumers) and the 
Group does not hold provisions for this item considering the current legal basis and the legal reasoning 
followed in the case law and in accordance with the current best available information. 
Regarding Bankia, as of 31 December 2020, prevailing mortgage loans with individuals, up to date with 
payments including a contractual term linked to the IRPH rate agreed by the consumer and the entity, amounted 
to approximately EUR 1,100 million (EUR 1,300 million at 31 December 2019). Additionally, up to date 
payments amounting to approximately EUR 1,350 million as of 31 December 2020 (EUR 1,600 million at 31 
December 2019) were referred to loan portfolios relating to housing and land financing where the 
determination of the IRPH rate as reference rate had not been agreed by the consumer and the entity, but rather 
resulted from applicable provisions when the relevant agreement was subscribed, such as savings plans for 
social housing. At 31 December 2020, 445 lawsuits were underway with no significant related economic risk. 
Anti-money laundering investigation 
In April 2018, the Anti-Corruption Prosecutor's Office started legal proceedings against CaixaBank, the 
Entity's former head of Regulatory Compliance and 11 employees, for events that could be deemed to 
constitute a money laundering offence, primarily due to the activity carried out in 10 branches of CaixaBank 
by alleged members of certain organisations formed of Chinese nationals, who allegedly conducted fraud 
against the Spanish Treasury between 2011 and 2015. The procedure is currently in its investigation phase and

--- Page 233 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
233 
 
 
neither CaixaBank nor its legal advisers consider the risk associated with these criminal proceedings as being 
likely to arise. Moreover, the Court has already dismissed the proceedings in relation with two employees. The 
potential impact of these events is not currently considered material, although CaixaBank is exposed to 
reputational risk due to these ongoing proceedings. 
Spanish High Court ruling regarding interest rates in revolving and/or deferred-payment credit cards  
The Spanish High Court issued a ruling with specific relevance to credit agreements relating to revolving 
and/or deferred payments credit cards. The ruling determines (i) that credit cards as form of credit cards as a 
form of revolving credit are a specific segment within the credit facilities, (ii) that the Bank of Spain publishes 
a specific benchmark interest rate for this product in its official statistics gazette (Boletín Estadístico), which 
is the one that must be used as a reference to determine which is the “normal interest rate”, (iii) that the average 
interest rate applicable to credit card and revolving credit transactions as published in the official statistics of 
the Bank of Spain was slightly higher than 20% and (iv) interest rate like the one analysed in the case studied 
by the Spanish Supreme Court (that is, between 26.82% and 27.24%) is “significantly disproportionate”, which 
entails that the relevant contract shall be considered null and void and the relevant interest paid by the consumer 
shall be refunded. Unlike the preceding court ruling in this matter, which applied the supra duplum rule to 
determine when the interest rate shall be considered disproportionate (i.e. when exceeding twice the average 
ordinary interest rate), this new ruling does not provide specific criteria or accuracy which may allow entities 
to establish with legal certainty which level or gap from the “normal interest of money” can lead to the relevant 
agreement being considered null and void. This circumstance will probably lead to an increase in litigation 
and diverse judicial positions the impact of which cannot be determined at this time and which will be 
specifically followed up and specifically managed. 
Furthermore, CaixaBank and its card-issuing subsidiary, CaixaBank Payments and Consumer, received a class 
action formulated by an association of consumers and users (ASUFIN) which was partially dismissed by the 
Commercial Court No. 4 of Valencia on 30 December 2020: the procedure was limited to an action of eventual 
cessation of general conditions and the possibility of claiming refunds of amounts requested by ASUFIN was 
rejected. Subsequently, the ruling fully dismissed the claim against CaixaBank and only requested CaixaBank 
Payments and Consumer to discontinue the advance maturity clause, disregarding the rest of requests (related 
to lack of transparency in the credit card transactions, interest calculation methods, right to compensation for 
debt and amendment of conditions of agreements of indefinite duration). The ruling has not yet become final. 
Provisions maintained by the Group as of 31 December 2020 under the concept "Other Provisions" include an 
estimate based on current best available information of current obligations that may arise form judicial 
proceedings relating to revolving and/or deferred-payment cards, the occurrence of which is deemed to be 
likely.  
Regarding Bankia, as of 31 December 2020, there were 107 ongoing procedures relating to revolving credit 
cards, with no significant related economic risk. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, any disbursements that may ultimately be necessary will depend on the specific 
terms of the judgments which the Group must face, and/or the number of claims that are brought, among others. 
Given nature of these obligations, the expected timing of the outflow of financial resources, in the event they 
are produced, is uncertain, and, in accordance with the best available information today, the Group also deems 
that any responsibility arising from these proceedings will not, as a whole, have a material adverse effect on 
the Group's businesses, financial position or the results of its operations. 
Procedures of the Portuguese Resolution Fund (PRF)  
On 3 August 2014, the Bank of Portugal applied a resolution procedure to Banco Espírito Santo, SA (BES) 
through the transfer of its net assets and under the management of Novo Banco, SA (Novo Banco). Within the 
framework of this procedure, the PRF completed a capital increase in Novo Banco for an amount of EUR 
4,900 million, becoming the sole shareholder. The increase was financed through loans to the PRF for an

--- Page 234 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
234 
 
 
amount of EUR 4,600 million, EUR 3,900 million of which was granted by the Portuguese State and EUR 700 
million granted by a banking syndicate through the Portuguese financial institutions, including BPI with EUR 
116 million.  
On 19 December 2015, the Bank of Portugal initiated a procedure to put Banco Internacional do Funchal 
(Banif) into resolution, which came to a head with (i) the partial sale of its assets for EUR 150 million to Banco 
Santander Totta, S.A.; and (ii) the contribution of the rest of its assets that were not sold to Oitante, SA. The 
resolution was financed through the issuance of EUR 746 million of debt, guaranteed by the PRF and the 
Portuguese State as a counter-guarantee. The operation also included the ultimate guarantee of the Portuguese 
State amounting to EUR 2,255 million intended to cover future contingencies.  
For the reimbursement of the PRF obligations with the Portuguese State (in the form of loans and guarantees) 
in relation to resolution measures adopted, the PRF has contributed ordinary instruments through the various 
contributions of the banking sector. Along these lines, the conditions of the loans with the PRF have been 
amended to bring them in line with the collection of the aforementioned contributions; there is no foreseen 
need to turn to additional contributions from the banking sector.  
In 2017, the Bank of Portugal chose Lone Star to conclude the sale of Novo Banco, after which the PRF would 
hold 25% of the share capital and certain contingent capital mechanisms would be established by the 
shareholders. To cover the contingent risk, the PRF has the financial means of the Portuguese State, the 
reimbursement of which – where applicable – would have repercussions on the contributory efforts of the 
banking sector.  
At this time, it is not possible to estimate the possible effects for the Resolution Funds deriving from: (i) the 
sale of the shareholding in Novo Bank; (ii) the application of the principle that none of the creditors of a credit 
institution under resolution may assume a loss greater than that which it would have assumed if that entity had 
gone into liquidation; (iii) the guarantee granted to the bonds issued by Oitante and (iv) other liabilities that – 
it is concluded – must be assumed by PRF.  
Notwithstanding the possibility considered in the applicable law for the collection of special contributions, 
given the renegotiation of the terms of the loans granted to the PRF, which include BPI, and the public 
statement made by the PRF and the Office of the Minister of Finance of Portugal, declaring that this possibility 
will not be used, the consolidated financial statements of 2020 reflect the expectation of the Administrators 
that the Bank will not have to make special contributions or any other type of extraordinary contributions to 
finance the resolution measures applied to BES and Banif or any other contingent liability or liabilities assumed 
by the PRF.  
Any change in this regard may have material implications for the financial statements of the Group. 
Litigation relating to Bankia 
Regarding Bankia, information on litigation as of 31 December 2020 is contained in the 2020 Bankia 
Consolidated Financial Statements incorporated by reference to this Base Prospectus, including, among others, 
proceedings linked to the granting of mortgage loans to consumers (floor clauses, mortgage expenses, IRPH 
interest rate clauses), claims requesting the nullification of derivative agreements, proceedings filed in 
accordance with Law 57/1968 (regarding payments received prior to the construction and sale of property), 
proceedings arising from claims of excessive and abnormal price of interest rates, subsidiary civil liability 
arising from alleged misconduct of certain individuals and criminal and civil procedures related to Bankia’s 
shares initial public offering.  
The following procedures, considered as particularly relevant, are described below:

--- Page 235 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
235 
 
 
IPO litigation 
Certain criminal and civil proceedings were taken against Bankia regarding the sale of shares in the context of 
its initial public offering (IPO) in July 2011. 
Regarding civil procedures, on 27 January 2016 Bankia was notified by the Spanish Supreme Court of two 
judgments in favour of retail investors who subscribed for Bankia's shares in the context of its IPO. On 17 
February 2016, Bankia announced the settlement of claims of retail investors, in exchange for the return of 
their shares.  
However, claims against Bankia were also filed by institutional investors. Regarding claims filed by 
institutional investors who had acquired the shares in the primary market, as of 31 December 2020, 24 first 
instance rulings were issued in favour of Bankia and 60 against it. In the case of second instance rulings, as of 
31 December 2020, 14 had been issued in favour of Bankia and 31 against it. Moreover, 21 appeals in cassation 
have been filed (9 thereof against rulings issued in favour of Bankia and 12 were filed by Bankia against 
rulings issued in favour of investors, one of them being rejected).  
A preliminary ruling has been requested from the CJEU (pre-judgement C-910-19) in relation to a particular 
institutional investor. The conclusions from the Advocate General at the CJEU have been issued and the 
procedure is awaiting the final court decision. 
Both Bankia’s IPO and its 2011 financial statements were investigated in Preliminary Proceedings no. 59/2012 
(currently Abbreviated Proceedings 1/2018) by the Central Examining Court No. 4 of the National High Court. 
These proceedings were instituted by Unión Progreso y Democracia (“UPyD”), among others, against Bankia, 
BFA Tenedora de Acciones S.A.U. (BFA) and their respective management bodies, accusing them of (i) fraud; 
(ii) misappropriation; (iii) falsification of financial statements; (iv) breach of trust, and (v) price rigging. 
On 17 November 2017, the Central Examining Court No. 4 of the National High Court ordered the 
commencement of the trial, opening the oral trial phase for the crimes of falsification of financial statements 
(article 290 of the Spanish Criminal Code) and investor fraud (article 282 bis of the Spanish Criminal Code) 
against certain former directors and current and former executives of Bankia and BFA, the external auditor at 
the time of the IPO, and against BFA and Bankia as legal persons. The trial phase began on 26 November 2018 
and was submitted for decision on 5 October 2019. On 29 September 2020 the National High Court delivered 
a judgment whereby it unanimously acquitted all the defendants. Two private accusations have filed a cassation 
appeal. 
Banco de Valencia 
In 2012 a claim (querella) was brought by Asociación de Pequeños Accionistas del Banco de Valencia 
"Apabankval" against the members of the Board of Directors of Banco de Valencia and the external auditors, 
in respect of accusations of corporate crimes. On 13 December 2017, an indictment was issued for including 
BFA as subsidiary civil liable. The risk of this proceeding cannot be quantified yet. The reasons surrounding 
the current uncertainty include the lack of universal succession of Bankia in the liabilities eventually accrued 
by Bancaja, the dual capacity of CaixaBank as both, full legal successor of Banco de Valencia, as injured party 
and beneficiary for economic compensations to be determined in a future trial, yet to be calculated, and full 
legal successor of Bankia, as eventually liable for certain compensations to be paid, that still remain uncertain 
and uncalculated. 
On 6 June 2016, the Central Court of Instruction No. 1 of the National High Court admitted the addition to the 
existing preliminary proceedings of a claim submitted by certain shareholders of Banco de Valencia against 
certain members of its board of directors, the external auditors and Bankia for the corporate crime of 
falsification of accounting documents set forth under Article 290 of the Spanish Criminal Code.

--- Page 236 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
236 
 
 
On 7 November 2016, the Central Court of Instruction No. 1 of the National High Court issued a ruling 
rejecting the appeal for amendment filed by Bankia on 26 July 2016. On 17 November 2016, Bankia filed an 
appeal against such ruling before the National Court. On 13 March 2017, the National High Court issued a 
decree confirming that: (i) Bankia could not be held responsible for the criminal acts it was being accused of; 
and (ii) Bankia bore only subsidiary civil liability (responsabilidad civil subsidiaria) for such criminal acts (i.e. 
only in the event that the one being directly liable for the crime would not able to pay).  
On 2 December 2019, the Central Court issued a transformation order agreeing to continue the preliminary 
proceedings by means of an abbreviated procedure for the alleged participation in a continued corporate crime 
of falsification of accounting documents of Banco de Valencia for the 2009-2010 financial years, provided 
under Article 290.1 and Article 74 of the Spanish Criminal Code, against the members of the Board of 
Directors of Banco de Valencia and against other companies as subsidiary civil liable (responsable civil 
subsidiario), including BFA, Bankia, Bankia Habitat and Valenciana de Inversiones Mobiliarias, These 
companies have filed appeals for reconsideration with the same Central Examining Court and, subsidiarily, 
with the Criminal Chamber of the National High Court or directly on appeal. Following a ruling delivered on 
12 June 2020 dismissing the appeals for amendment filed by the defence, Bankia filed an appeal with the 
Criminal Chamber of the National High Court. 
The court has recently declared CaixaBank as subsidiary civil liable resulting from the merger of Bankia 
(absorbed company) into CaixaBank (absorbing company), while CaixaBank is still injured party and potential 
beneficiary of economic compensations to be determined in the trial.  
Credit ratings 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer has been assigned the following debt ratings by the following 
credit rating agencies: 
Agency 
Review date 
Short-term rating 
Long-term rating 
Outlook 
Fitch 
29 September 2020 
F2 
BBB+ 
Negative 
S&P Global 
22 April 2021 
A-2 
BBB+ 
Stable 
DBRS 
29 March 2021 
R-1 (low) 
A 
Stable 
Moody's 
22 September 2020 
P-2 
Baa1 
Stable 
Alternative Performance Measures  
This Base Prospectus (and the documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus) contains certain 
management measures of performance or alternative performance measures (APMs), which are used by 
management to evaluate the Group's overall performance or liquidity. These APMs are not audited, reviewed 
or subject to review by CaixaBank's auditors and are not measures required by, or presented in accordance 
with, the IFRS-EU. Accordingly, these APMs should not be considered as alternatives to any performance or 
liquidity measures prepared in accordance with IFRS-EU. Many of these APMs are based on CaixaBank's 
internal estimates, assumptions, calculations and expectations of future results and there can be no guarantee 
that these results will actually be achieved. Accordingly, investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance 
on these APMs.  
Furthermore, these APMs, as used by CaixaBank, may not be comparable to other similarly titled measures 
used by other companies. Investors should not consider such APMs in isolation, as alternatives to the 
information calculated in accordance with IFRS-EU, as indications of operating performance or as measures 
of the Group's profitability or liquidity. Such APMs must be considered only in addition to, and not as a 
substitute for or superior to, financial information prepared in accordance with IFRS-EU and investors are 
advised to review these APMs in conjunction with the 2020 Consolidated Financial Statements, the 2019 
Consolidated Financial Statements, the 2020 Bankia Consolidated Financial Statements and the 2019 Bankia 
Consolidated Financial Statements incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 237 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
237 
 
 
CaixaBank believes that the description of these APMs in this Base Prospectus follows and complies with the 
"ESMA Guidelines on Alternative Performance Measures" dated 5 October 2015. In accordance with these 
guidelines, the CaixaBank Group Management Report for 2020, the CaixaBank Group Management Report 
for 2019, the Bankia Management Report for 2020 and the Bankia Management Report for 2019 contain a list 
of the APMs used, along with a reconciliation between certain management indicators and the indicators 
presented in the consolidated financial statements prepared under IFRS-EU. 
These measures are used in the Issuer's planning, operational and financial decision-making. These measures 
are commonly used in the finance sector as indicators to monitor institutions' assets, liabilities and 
economic/financial positions.

--- Page 238 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
238 
 
 
CAPITAL AND ELIGIBLE LIABILITIES REQUIREMENTS 
The following is a summary of the most relevant aspects of the regulatory framework applicable to the Group 
relating to regulatory capital requirements and to the minimum level of capital and eligible liabilities (MREL). 
In addition, see "Risk Factors" which includes the relevant information on regulatory liquidity and funding 
requirements.  
The CaixaBank Group is subject to capital requirements according to Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013 on the prudential requirements for credit institutions 
and investment firms and amending Regulation (EU) No. 648/2012 (as amended) (CRR), to Directive 
2013/36/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013 on access to the activity of credit 
institutions and the prudential supervision of credit institutions and investment firms, amending Directive 
2002/87/EC and repealing Directives 2006/48/EC and 2006/49/EC (as amended) (the CRD 4 Directive), to 
any regulatory capital rules implementing the CRD 4 Directive or the CRR which may from time to time be 
introduced and which are applicable to CaixaBank or to the Group (including, without limitation, Law 10/2014, 
of 26 June, on the organisation, supervision and solvency of credit entities (as amended) (Law 10/2014), Royal 
Decree 84/2015, of 13 February, implementing Law 10/2014) (as amended) (Royal Decree 84/2015)) (all of 
them together, CRD 4), and to any other regulations, regulatory technical standards, circulars or guidelines 
implementing CRD 4, through which the EU is implementing the Basel III capital reforms. 
In addition to the minimum capital requirements under CRD 4, CaixaBank is also subject to the regime under 
Directive 2014/59/EU of 15 May 2014 establishing the framework for the recovery and resolution of credit 
institutions and investment firms (as amended), and to any other recovery and resolution rules developing, 
complementing or implementing this Directive which are applicable to CaixaBank or to the Group (including, 
without limitation, Law 11/2015, of 18 June, on the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and 
investment firms (as amended) (Law 11/2015) and Royal Decree 1012/2015, of 6 November, implementing 
Law 11/2015 (as amended) (RD 1012/2015)) (all of them referred together as the BRRD), and to other 
regulations or policies through which the EU is implementing the recovery and resolution framework. This 
framework prescribes that banks shall hold a minimum level of capital and eligible liabilities in relation to 
total liabilities and own funds. 
On 27 June 2019, a comprehensive package of reforms amending CRR, CRD 4 Directive, European Bank 
Recovery and Resolution Directive (Directive 2014/59/EU) (BRRD) and Regulation (EU) No 1093/2010 (the 
SRM Regulation) came into force: (i) Directive (EU) 2019/878 of the European Parliament and of the Council 
of 20 May 2019 amending CRD 4 as regards exempted entities, financial holding companies, mixed financial 
holding companies, remuneration, supervisory measures and powers and capital conservation measures (CRD 
5); (ii) Directive (EU) 2019/879 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 amending 
BRRD as regards the loss-absorbing and recapitalisation capacity of credit institutions and investment firms 
and Directive 98/26/EC (BRRD 2); (iii) Regulation (EU) 2019/876 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 20 May 2019 amending CRR as regards the leverage ratio, the net stable funding ratio, requirements 
for own funds and eligible liabilities, counterparty credit risk, market risk, exposures to central counterparties, 
exposures to collective investment undertakings, large exposures, reporting and disclosure requirements, and 
Regulation (EU) 648/2012 (CRR 2); and (iv) Regulation (EU) 2019/877 of the European Parliament and of 
the Council of 20 May 2019 amending the SRM Regulation as regards the loss-absorbing and recapitalisation 
capacity of credit institutions and investment firms (SRMR 2, and, together with CRD 5, BRRD 2 and CRR 
2, the EU Banking Reforms). However, most of the provisions of CRR 2 are not applicable until 28 June 
2021 and CRD 5 and BRRD 2 have not yet been transposed into Spanish law so it is uncertain how they will 
affect the Group. In addition, there is also uncertainty as to how the EU Banking Reforms will be implemented 
and applied by the relevant authorities26. 
                                                     
26  
In July 2020 the Spanish Ministry of Economic Affairs and Digital Transformation published draft bills for the implementation of CRD 5 
and BRRD 2 in Spain but it is uncertain when they will be adopted and in which terms.

--- Page 239 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
239 
 
 
The package of reforms presented by the European Commission on 23 November 2016 included a proposal to 
create a new asset class of "non-preferred" senior debt. On 27 December 2017, Directive 2017/2399 amending 
Directive 2014/59/EU as regards the ranking of unsecured debt instruments in insolvency hierarchy was 
published in the Official Journal of the European Union. Before that, Royal Decree-Law 11/2017, of 23 June, 
approving urgent measures on financial matters created in Spain the new asset class of senior non-preferred 
debt. 
As further explained below, CRR and CRR 2 were modified by Regulation 2020/873 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 24 June amending CRR and CRR2 regarding certain temporarly or permanent 
adjustments in response to the COVID-19 pandemic (CRR 2.5 or "Quick fix"), applicable from 27 June 2020. 
Overview of applicable capital requirements  
Under CRD 4, institutions are required, generally on an individual and consolidated basis, to hold a minimum 
amount of regulatory capital of 8% of RWAs of which at least 4.5% must be CET1 capital and at least 6% 
must be Tier 1 capital (together, the Minimum "Pillar 1" Capital Requirements). 
Moreover, Article 104 of CRD 4 Directive, as implemented in Spain by Article 68 of Law 10/2014, and 
similarly Article 16 of Council Regulation (EU) No 1024/2013, of 15 October 2013, conferring specific tasks 
on the ECB concerning policies relating to the prudential supervision of credit institutions (the SSM 
Regulation), also contemplates that in addition to the Minimum “Pillar 1” Capital Requirements, the 
supervisory authorities may require further capital to cover other risks. This may result in the imposition of 
further CET1, Tier 1 and Total Capital requirements on the Issuer and/or the Group pursuant to this “Pillar 2” 
framework. Following the introduction of the single supervisory mechanism (the SSM), the ECB is in charge 
of assessing additional “Pillar 2” capital requirements (P2R) through the supervisory review and evaluation 
processes (SREP) to be carried out at least on an annual basis (accordingly requirements may change from 
year to year). 
In addition to the Minimum “Pillar 1” Capital Requirements and the P2R, credit institutions must comply with 
the “combined buffer requirement” set out in the CRD 4 Directive as implemented in Spain. The “combined 
buffer requirement” has introduced up to five new capital buffers to be satisfied with additional CET1 capital: 
(i) the capital conservation buffer of 2.5% of RWAs; (ii) the global systemically important institutions (G-
SIIs) buffer, of between 1% and 3.5% of RWAs; (iii) the institution-specific counter-cyclical capital buffer 
(consisting of the weighted average of the counter-cyclical capital buffer rates that apply in the jurisdictions 
where the relevant credit exposures are located), which may be as much as 2.5% of RWAs (or higher pursuant 
to the competent authority); (iv) the O-SIIs buffer, which may be as much as 3% of RWAs (or higher if required 
by the competent authority)27; and (v) the systemic risk buffer to prevent systemic or macro prudential risks, 
of at least 1% of RWAs (to be set by the relevant competent authority), CRD 5 establishes that the systemic 
risk buffer must be cumulative to the O-SII buffer. 
As set out in the “Opinion of the European Banking Authority on the interaction of “Pillar 1”, “Pillar 2” and 
combined buffer requirements and restrictions on distributions” published on 16 December 2015, competent 
authorities should ensure that the CET1 capital to be taken into account in determining the CET1 capital 
available to meet the “combined buffer requirement” for the purposes of the Maximum Distributable Amount 
(as defined below) calculation is limited to the amount not used to meet the Minimum “Pillar 1” Capital 
Requirements and the P2R of the institution. Accordingly, the “combined buffer requirement” is in addition to 
the Minimum “Pillar 1” Capital Requirements and to the P2R, and therefore it would be the first layer of capital 
to be eroded pursuant to the applicable stacking order.  
CRD 5 clarifies that P2R should be positioned in the relevant stacking order of own funds requirements above 
the Minimum "Pillar 1" Capital Requirements and below the combined buffer requirement or the leverage ratio 
                                                     
27  
According the CRD 5.

--- Page 240 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
240 
 
 
buffer requirement28, as relevant. In addition, CRD 5 also clarifies that P2R should be set in relation to the 
specific situation of an institution excluding macroprudential or systemic risks, but including the risks incurred 
by individual institutions due to their activities (including those reflecting the impact of certain economic and 
market developments on the risk profile of an individual institution) and it also allows the P2R to be partially 
covered with Tier 1 and Tier 2 instruments. 
According to Article 48 of Law 10/2014, Article 73 of Royal Decree 84/2015 and Rule 24 of Bank of Spain 
Circular 2/2016, those entities failing to meet the “combined buffer requirement” or making a distribution in 
connection with CET1 capital to an extent that would decrease its CET1 capital to a level where the “combined 
buffer requirement” is no longer met will be subject to restrictions on (i) distributions relating to CET1 capital, 
(ii) payments in respect of variable remuneration or discretionary pension revenues and (iii) distributions 
relating to Additional Tier 1 instruments, until the maximum distributable amount calculated according to 
CRD 4 (the Maximum Distributable Amount) has been calculated and communicated to the competent 
supervisor. Thereafter, any such distributions or payments will be subject to such Maximum Distributable 
Amount for entities (a) not meeting the “combined buffer requirement” or (b) in relation to which the Bank of 
Spain has adopted any of the measures set forth in Article 68.2 of Law 10/2014 aimed at strengthening own 
funds or limiting or prohibiting the distribution of dividends.  
As communicated by the EBA on 1 July 2016 and included in the CRD 5, in addition to the Minimum “Pillar 
1” Capital Requirements, the P2R and the “combined buffer requirements”, the supervisor can also set a “Pillar 
2” capital guidance (P2G). While P2R are binding requirements and breaches can have direct legal 
consequences for the banks, P2G is not directly binding and a failure to meet it does not automatically trigger 
legal action, even though the ECB expects banks to meet P2G. Following this clarification, the clarifications 
contained in the "EBA Pillar 2 Roadmap" (April 2017) and the guidelines on the revised common procedures 
and methodologies for the SREP and supervisor stress testing published by the EBA on 19 July 2018, banks 
are expected to meet the P2G with CET1 capital on top of the level of binding capital requirements ("Pillar 1" 
capital requirements, P2R and the "combined buffer requirements"). Under the EU Banking Reforms, the P2G 
is not relevant for the purposes of triggering the automatic restriction of the distribution and calculation of the 
Maximum Distributable Amount, but CRD 5 provides that when an institution repeatedly fails to meet the 
P2G, the competent authority should be entitled to take supervisory measures and, where appropriate, to 
impose additional own funds requirements. The ECB recommends not to disclose the P2G and the CRD 5 
Directive also does not require its disclosure. 
In reaction to the COVID-19 outbreak, on 12 March 2020 the ECB announced measures expected to provide 
capital relief to banks in support of the economy. These measures include the permission to (i) operate 
temporarily below the level of capital defined by P2G, the "capital conservation buffer" and the LCR and (ii) 
use capital instruments that do not qualify as CET1 (for example Additional Tier 1 instruments and Tier 2 
instruments) to meet P2R29. 
In addition to statements on using flexibility within accounting and prudential rules, such as those made by the 
Basel Committee of Banking Supervision, the EBA and the ECB, amongst others, the European Commission 
proposed a few targeted “Quick fix” amendments to the EU's banking prudential rules in order to maximise 
the ability of banks to lend and absorb losses related to COVID-19. Since 27 June 2020, CRR 2.5 is applicable. 
It sets out exceptional temporary measures to alleviate the immediate impact of COVID-19-related 
developments, by adapting the timeline of the application of international accounting standards on banks' 
capital, by treating more favourably public guarantees granted during this crisis, by postponing the date of 
application of the leverage ratio buffer30, by modifying the way of excluding certain exposures from the 
calculation of the leverage ratio, by setting a temporary prudential filter to mitigate the considerable negative 
                                                     
28  
It applies to G-SII entities. CaixaBank is as of the date hereof an O-SII bank. Therefore, the leverage ratio buffer is not applicable to the 
CaixaBank Group. 
29  
The CRD 5 establishes that P2R can be partially covered by AT1 instruments and Tier 2 instruments, at least 56.25% must be covered with 
CET1, 18.75% with AT1 and 25% with Tier 2. Before CRD 5, and prior to their decision on 12 March 2020 related to the COVID-19 
pandemic, the ECB required P2R to be covered with CET1 in its entirety. 
30  
CaixaBank is as of the date hereof an O-SII bank. Therefore, the leverage ratio buffer is not applicable to the CaixaBank Group.

--- Page 241 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
241 
 
 
impact of the volatility in central government debt markets during the COVID-19 pandemic on institutions, by 
advancing the date of application of several agreed measures that incentivise banks to finance employees, 
SMEs and infrastructure projects and by aligning the minimum coverage requirements for NPLs that benefit 
from public guarantees with those that benefit from guarantees granted by official export credit agencies. As 
at the date hereof, CaixaBank has not availed of the optional measures for treatment of the leverage ratio or 
the prudential filter of public debt. 
In addition to the above, Article 429 of the CRR requires institutions to calculate their leverage ratio (LR) in 
accordance with the methodology laid down in that article. The EU Banking Reforms contain a binding 3% 
Tier 1 LR requirement that has been added to the own funds requirements in Article 92 of the CRR, and which 
institutions must meet in addition to their risk-based requirements. This LR requirement is a parallel 
requirement to the risk-based own funds requirements described above. Thus, any additional own funds 
requirements imposed by competent authorities to address the risk of excessive leverage should be added to 
the minimum leverage ratio requirement and not to the minimum risk-based own funds requirement. 
Institutions should also be able to use any CET 1 instruments that they use to meet their leverage-related 
requirements to meet their risk-based own funds requirements, including the combined buffer requirement.  
Further to the minimum capital requirements under CRD 4, the BRRD regime prescribes that banks shall hold 
a minimum level of capital and eligible liabilities. The MREL shall be calculated as the amount of own funds 
and eligible liabilities and expressed as a percentage of the total liabilities and own funds of the institution 
(pursuant to BRRD 2, it shall be expressed as a percentage of the total risk exposure amount and the total 
exposure measure of the institution, calculated in each case in accordance with CRR). The level of capital and 
eligible liabilities required under MREL is set by the resolution authority for each bank (and/or group) based 
on the resolution plan and other criteria. The SRB is the resolution authority for the Bank as the central body 
of the single resolution mechanism (SRM), as well as the Bank of Spain, as the national preventive resolution 
authority and the Fondo de Restructuración Ordenada Bancaria (FROB), as the Spanish executive resolution 
authority. Eligible liabilities may be senior or subordinated liabilities, provided, among other requirements, 
that they have a remaining maturity of at least one year and, if governed by a non-EU law, they must be able 
to be written down or converted under that law (including through contractual provisions).  
The EU Banking Reforms further include, as part of MREL, a new subordination requirement of eligible 
instruments for G-SIIs and “top tier” banks (such as the Bank) involving a minimum “Pillar 1” subordination 
requirement and any additional institution specific subordination requirement set by the resolution authority. 
This “Pillar 1” subordination requirement shall be satisfied with own funds and other eligible MREL 
instruments, which may not for these purposes be senior debt instruments (only MREL instruments 
constituting “non-preferred” senior debt under the new insolvency hierarchy introduced into Spain will be 
senior debt eligible for compliance with the subordination requirement as other eligible MREL instruments). 
For G-SIIs, “top tier” banks (such as the Bank) and other systemic entities, the resolution authority requires a 
subordination level equal to 8% of total liabilities and own funds (TLOF). For “top tier” banks the 8% TLOF 
target level is capped at 27% of RWAs. 
Furthermore, a new Article 16.a) of the BRRD, as recently amended by BRRD 2, better clarifies the stacking 
order between the “combined buffer requirement” and the MREL requirement. Pursuant to this new provision, 
a resolution authority will have the power to prohibit an entity from distributing more than the “maximum 
distributable amount” for own funds and eligible liabilities (calculated in accordance with the new Article 
16.a)(4) of the BRRD) (the MREL-Maximum Distributable Amount Provision) through distribution of 
dividends, variable remuneration and payments to holders of Additional Tier 1 instruments, where it meets the 
“combined buffer requirement” in addition to its own funds requirements (referred to in points (a), (b), and (c) 
of Article 141a(1) of CRD) but fails to meet its “combined buffer requirement” when considered in addition 
to the MREL requirements. The referred Article 16.a) of the BRRD includes a potential nine-month grace 
period whereby the resolution authority will assess on a monthly basis whether to exercise its powers under 
the MREL-Maximum Distributable Amount Provision before such resolution authority is compelled to 
exercise its power under the provisions (subject to certain limited exceptions).

--- Page 242 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
242 
 
 
Capital and Eligible Liabilities Requirements of the Bank 
Capital requirements are applied to CaixaBank, on both an individual and consolidated basis, and also to Banco 
BPI on both an individual and sub-consolidated basis. 
Although the merger with Bankia has already been executed and is effective, no information on the regulatory 
own funds or eligible liabilities position and requirements of CaixaBank and the Group resulting from the 
merger with Bankia is available, the information disclosed below is the CaixaBank and the Group information 
on their own funds and eiligible liabilities position and requirements prior to the merger with Bankia31.  
Neither the Bank nor the Group has been classified as G-SII by the Financial Stability Board (FSB) nor by any 
competent authority so, unless otherwise indicated by the FSB or by the Bank of Spain in the future, it is not 
required to maintain the G-SII buffer. The Bank is considered an O-SII and during 2021 it will be required to 
maintain a full O-SII buffer of 0.25%. In addition, the Bank of Spain agreed to maintain the countercyclical 
capital buffer applicable to credit exposures in Spain at 0% for the second quarter of 2021 (percentages will 
be revised each quarter), and also in March 2021, the Bank of Portugal published that the countercyclical 
buffer for credit exposures in Portugal was to be maintained at 0% for the second quarter of 2021, but a 0.01% 
countercyclical capital buffer applied both on a consolidated and an individual basis in December 2020, based 
on the geographical composition of the portfolio of the Group for credit exposures other than in Spain and 
Portugal (to be updated quarterly) (this buffer may not be the same on consolidated and on individual basis in 
the future). 
Based on the assessment of the systemic importance of the Bank as mentioned above and following the 
outcome of the Pragmatic Approach in relation to the Supervisory Review and Evalutacion Process (SREP), 
on 17 November 2020 the Bank was informed of the minimum capital requirements for 2021 for the Group. 
These communications require the Group to maintain a CET1 ratio of 8.10% over the total amount of RWAs, 
which includes the Minimum “Pillar 1” Capital Requirement (4.50% of RWAs), the P2R32 (1.50% of RWAs 
to be covered at least 56.25% by CET133), the capital conservation buffer (2.5% of RWAs), the O-SII buffer 
(0.25% of RWAs)34 and the countercyclical capital buffer35 (0.01% of RWAs based on the geographical 
composition of the portfolio at 30 December 2020 (updated quarterly)). The minimum Tier 1 and Total Capital 
ratios would consequently reach 9.88% of RWAs and 12.26% of RWAs, respectively, based on the 6% of 
RWAs and 8% of RWAs Minimum “Pillar 1” Capital Requirements at a Tier 1 and Total Capital level, and 
1.13% and 1.5% of P2R requirement, respectively.  
The following tables show the solvency requirements compared to the capital position of the Group on a 
consolidated basis as of 31 December 2020: 
 
 
 
                                                     
31  
Historical information of CaixaBank and of Bankia on their regulatory own funds and eligible liabilities position and requirements either 
contained in this Base Prospectus or publicly available may not reflect what that position and requirements of CaixaBank and the Group 
resulting from the merger would have been had the merger been effective during the periods presented. 
32 
It does not apply at an individual level. 
33 
On 12 March 2020 the ECB announced measures expected to provide capital relief to banks in support of the economy. These measures 
include the permission to use capital instruments that do not qualify as CET1 (for example Additional Tier 1 instruments and Tier 2 
instruments) to meet P2R. The CRD 5 establishes that P2R can be partially covered by AT1 instruments and Tier 2 instruments, at least 
56.25% must be covered with CET1, 18.75% with AT1 and 25% with Tier 2. Before CRD 5, and prior to their decision on 12 March 2020 
related to the COVID-19 pandemic, the ECB required P2R to be covered with CET1 in its entirety. P2R does not apply at an individual 
level. 
34 
It does not apply at an individual level. 
35 
As of 31 December 2020. It applies to both individual and consolidated basis. Updated quarterly. It may differ between individual and 
consolidated level. As of 31 December 2020 both levels coincide.

--- Page 243 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
243 
 
 
 
 
Capital position 
 
31 December 2020 
 
Requirements36 
of which 
Pillar 1 
of which 
Pillar 2R 
of which 
buffers 
CET1  
13.64% 
 8.10% 
4.5% 
0.84% 
2.76% 
Tier 1  
15.71% 
 9.88% 
6.0% 
1.13% 
2.76% 
Total Capital  
18.08% 
12.26% 
8.0% 
1.50% 
2.76% 
As a result of these communications, the CET1 threshold below which the CaixaBank Group would be forced 
to limit the 2021 distributions in the form of dividend payments, variable remuneration and interests to holders 
of Additional Tier 1 instruments, commonly referred to as the activation level of the maximum distributable 
amount (or MDA trigger), is set at 8.10%, to which potential shortfalls of AT1 or Tier 2 should be added with 
respect to the minimum implicit “Pillar 1” and P2R of 1.78% and 2.38% respectively. 
Taking into account the merger with Bankia, the combined CET1 ratio proforma on 31 December 2020 would 
be set at 13.9%, which provides an ample buffer to absorb expected merger and regulatory impacts. 
At an individual level, as of 31 December 2020 CaixaBank’s CET1 reached 15.1% compared to a minimum 
requirement of 7.01% for 2020 (including 0.01% of countercyclical buffer to be updated quarterly). The capital 
requirements are more restrictive at a consolidated level compared to an individual level. 
The LR at a consolidated level stood at 5.6% of the regulatory exposure on 31 December 2020. 
On 28 December 2020, CaixaBank received the formal communication from the Bank of Spain regarding the 
MREL requirement based on the BRRD 2. As set out in the notification, CaixaBank, on a consolidated basis, 
must comply by 1 January 2024 with a minimum amount of own funds and eligible liabilities of 20.19% of 
RWA, which would equate to 22.95% when including the Combined Buffer Requirements (CBR)37. As for 
the intermediate requirement, the SRB has decided that, by 1 January 2022, CaixaBank must comply with a 
Total MREL requirement of 19.33% of RWA, which would be equal to 22.09% when including the CBR.  
Furthermore, CaixaBank, on a consolidated basis, must comply by 1 January 2022 with a Total MREL 
requirement of 6.09% of the Leverage Ratio Exposure (LRE).  
With regard to the requirement for a minimum amount of own funds and subordinated eligible liabilities (the 
Subordinated MREL Requirement), the SRB has decided that CaixaBank, on a consolidated basis, must 
comply from 1 January 2022 with a Subordinated MREL requirement of 13.50% of RWA, which would equal 
to 16.26% including the CBR, in addition to a Subordinated MREL requirement of 6.09% over LRE. 
As of 31 December 2020, CaixaBank reached a MREL ratio of 26.3% of RWAs and 9.4% in terms of LRE at 
consolidated level. At a subordinated level, primarily including senior non-preferred debt, the MREL ratio of 
subordinated instruments reached 22.7% of RWAs and 8.1% in terms of LRE. 
See the Risk Factor "Increasingly onerous capital requirements constitute one of the Group's main regulatory 
challenges (Solvency risk)" for the risks associated to the failure by the Group to comply with its regulatory 
capital requirements.  
On 26 March 2020, due to the expected impact on the global economy of the spread of COVID-19 and of the 
measures taken by the authorities to reduce its spread and in order to adapt the Bank to this new environment, 
the Board of Directors agreed, among other decisions, to reduce the proposed dividend for the 2019 fiscal year 
                                                     
36 
On 12 March 2020 the ECB announced measures expected to provide capital relief to banks in support of the economy. These measures 
include the permission to use capital instruments that do not qualify as CET1 (for example Additional Tier 1 instruments and Tier 2 
instruments) to meet P2R, in line with CRD 5. According to that the minimum capital requirement for CaixaBank would reach 8.10% of 
RWAs for CET1, 9.88% of RWAs for Tier 1 and 12.26% of RWAs for Total Capital. 
37  
Combined Buffer Requirements amount to 2.76% of RWA at 31 December 2020.

--- Page 244 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
244 
 
 
of EUR 0.15 to EUR 0.07 per share, which represents a 24.6% pay-out, this being the only dividend to be paid 
against 2019 fiscal year profits and to reduce the CET1 target established in the 2019-2021 Strategic Plan for 
December 2021 to 11.5%, suspending the former target of 12% plus an additional 1% buffer to absorb 
regulatory requirements including Basel IV, taking into account new regulatory and supervisory considerations 
including, among others, the impact of regulations established in CRD 5 Directive regarding the composition 
of P2R (see "Key events in 2019, 2020 and 2021 – COVID-19").  
Taking into account the decisions agreed by the Board of Directors, the regulatory solvency ratios as of 31 
December 2020 would now stand as follows: 
  
As reported at 31 
December 2020 
CET1  
13.6% 
Tier 1  
15.7% 
Capital Total  
18.1% 
Subordinated MREL  
22.7% 
Total MREL 
26.3% 
MDA Buffer 
554bps 
Deductions related to Deferred Tax Assets  
CRD 4 Directive provides that deferred tax assets that rely on the future profitability of a financial institution 
(DTAs) must be deducted from its regulatory capital (specifically from its core capital or CET1 capital) for 
prudential reasons, as there is generally no guarantee that DTAs will retain their value in the event of the 
financial institution facing difficulties. 
This new deduction introduced by CRD 4 had a significant impact on Spanish banks due to the particularly 
restrictive nature of certain aspects of Spanish tax law. For example, in some EU countries when a bank reports 
a loss, the tax authorities refund a portion of taxes paid in previous years, but in Spain the bank must earn 
profits in subsequent years in order for this set-off to take place. Additionally, Spanish tax law does not 
recognise as tax-deductible certain amounts recorded as costs in the accounts of a bank, unlike the tax 
legislation of other EU countries. 
Due to these differences and the impact of the requirements of CRD 4 on DTAs, the Spanish regulator 
implemented certain amendments to Law 27/2014, of 27 November, on Corporate Income Tax (the CIT Law) 
through Royal Decree Law 14/2013, of 29 November, on urgent measures to adapt the Spanish law to EU 
regulations on supervision and solvency of financial institutions which also provided for a transitional regime 
for DTAs generated before 1 January 2014. These amendments enabled certain DTAs to be treated as a direct 
claim against the Spanish tax authorities if a Spanish bank was unable to reverse the relevant differences within 
18 years or if it is liquidated, becomes insolvent or incurs accounting losses. This, therefore, allowed a Spanish 
bank not to deduct such DTAs from its regulatory capital. The transitional regime provided for a period in 
which only a percentage (which increases yearly) of the applicable DTAs would have to be deducted. However, 
the European Commission initiated a preliminary state aid investigation in relation to the Spanish DTAs 
regime. Such investigation is now resolved to the extent that the European Commission, the Bank of Spain 
and the Spanish Ministries of Treasury and Economy agreed a commitment to amend the applicable law in 
order to reinforce the compatibility of the regime with European Law. In general terms, the amendment passed 
requires payment of a special tax charge in order for the conversion of the DTAs into a current asset to be 
enforceable. Royal Decree-Law 3/2016, of 2 December (RD-L 3/2016) implemented a number of amendments 
to the CIT Law including the limitation on the use of the DTAs treated as a direct claim and carried forward 
tax losses up to 25%.

--- Page 245 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
245 
 
 
Other relevant regulations related to capital - Prudential treatment of NPLs  
Prior to the publication of CRR 2, an amendment of CRR entered into force on 26 April 2019, by which a 
minimum loss coverage requirement for non-performing exposures (also known as NPLs Prudential 
Backstop) was introduced. According to this amendment of the capital regulation, any shortfall of the stock 
of accounting provisions or other adjustments as compared to the prudential backstop shall be deducted from 
own funds. This backstop is only applicable to loans originated from 26 April 2019 onwards that turn non-
performing. The coverage requirements are different depending if the loan is “secured” or “unsecured” and 
also on whether the collateral is movable or immovable.  
Prior to the above referred capital requirements legislation, on 15 March 2018, the ECB had already published 
its supervisory expectations on prudent levels of provisions for NPLs. This was published as an addendum 
(the Addendum) to the ECB’s guidance to banks on non-performing loans published on 20 March 2017, 
which clarified the ECB’s supervisory expectations regarding the identification, management, measurement 
and write-off of NPLs. The ECB stated that the Addendum set out what it deems to be a prudent treatment of 
NPLs with the aim of avoiding an excessive build-up of non-covered aged NPLs on banks’ balance sheets in 
the future, which would require supervisory measures. The ECB clarified that the Addendum is applicable 
only to loans originated prior to the entry into force of the NPLs Prudential Backstop (26 April 2019) that have 
turned non-performing on or after 1 April 2018. In order to make the Addendum and the NPLs Prudential 
Backstop more consistent and, thereby, simplify banks’ reporting, the calibration of both initiatives have been 
fully aligned. However, the main differences between the NPLs Prudential Backstop and the Addendum is that 
(i) the latter is not legally binding, (ii) it only sets a starting point for the supervisory dialogue (Pillar 2 
approach) and (iii) is subject to a case-by-case assessment. Further to the Addendum, the ECB has also 
disclosed that supervisory expectations will also be set on a case-by-case basis for loans that had already turned 
non-performing on or before 31 March 2018. 
Other relevant regulations related to capital – The Basel III post-crisis regulatory reform agenda 
On 7 December 2017, the Group of Governors and Heads of Supervision (GHOS) published the finalisation 
of the Basel III post-crisis regulatory reform agenda (also known as Basel IV). This review of the regulatory 
framework covers credit, operational and credit valuation adjustment (CVA) risks and introduces a floor to 
the consumption of capital by internal ratings-based methods (IRB) and the revision of the calculation of the 
leverage ratio. The main features of the reform are: (i) a revised standard method for credit risk, which will 
improve the soundness and sensitivity to risk of the current method; (ii) modifications to the IRB methods for 
credit risk, including input floors to ensure a minimum level of conservatism in model parameters and 
limitations to its use for portfolios with low levels of non-compliance; (iii) regarding the CVA risk, and in 
connection with the above, the removal of any internally modelled method and the inclusion of a standardised 
and basic method; (iv) regarding the operations risk, the revision of the standard method, which will replace 
the current standard methods and the advanced measurement approaches (AMA); (v) the introduction of a 
leverage ratio buffer for global systemically important institutions (G-SIIs); and (vi) regarding capital 
consumption, a minimum limit on the aggregate results (output floor), which prevents the RWA of the banks 
generated by internal models from being lower than the 72.5% of the RWA that are calculated with the standard 
methods of the Basel III framework. The GHOS extended the implementation of the revised minimum capital 
requirements for market risk until January 2022, to coincide with the implementation of the reviews of credit, 
operational and CVA risks. 
On 27 March 2020, the GHOS endorsed a set of measures to provide additional operational capacity for banks 
and supervisors to respond to the immediate financial stability priorities resulting from the impact of COVID-
19 on the global banking system. The measures endorsed by the GHOS comprise the following changes to the 
implementation timeline of the outstanding Basel III standards: 
● 
The implementation date of the Basel III standards finalised in December 2017 has been deferred by 
one year to 1 January 2023. The accompanying transitional arrangements for the output floor have 
also been extended by one year to 1 January 2028.

--- Page 246 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
246 
 
 
● 
The implementation date of the revised market risk framework finalised in January 2019 has been 
deferred by one year to 1 January 2023. 
● 
The implementation date of the revised Pillar 3 disclosure requirements finalised in December 2018 
has been deferred by one year to 1 January 2023.

--- Page 247 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
247 
 
 
LOSS ABSORBING POWERS 
The BRRD is designed to provide authorities with a credible set of tools to intervene sufficiently early and 
quickly in unsound or failing credit institutions or investment firms (each an institution) so as to ensure the 
continuity of the institution’s critical financial and economic functions, while minimising the impact of an 
institution's failure on the economy and financial system. 
In accordance with Article 20 of Law 11/2015, an institution will be considered as failing or likely to fail in 
any of the following circumstances: (i) it is, or is likely in the near future to be, in significant breach of its 
solvency or any other requirements necessary for maintaining its authorisation; (ii) its assets are, or are likely 
in the near future to be, less than its liabilities; (iii) it is, or is likely in the near future to be, unable to pay its 
debts as they fall due; or (iv) it requires extraordinary public financial support (except in limited 
circumstances). The determination that an institution is no longer viable may depend on a number of factors 
which may be outside of that institution's control. 
As provided in the BRRD, Law 11/2015 contains four resolution tools and powers which may be used alone 
or in combination where the FROB, the SRB, as the case may be and according to Law 11/2015, or any other 
entity with the authority to exercise any such tools and powers from time to time (each, a Relevant Resolution 
Authority) as appropriate, considers that (a) an institution is failing or likely to fail in the near future, (b) there 
is no reasonable prospect that any alternative private sector measures would prevent the failure of such 
institution within a reasonable timeframe, and (c) a resolution action is in the public interest. 
The four resolution tools are: (i) sale of business (which enables the Relevant Resolution Authority to direct 
the sale of the institution or the whole or part of its business on commercial terms); (ii) bridge institution 
(which enables the Relevant Resolution Authority to transfer all or part of the business of the institution to a 
“bridge institution” (an entity created for this purpose that is wholly or partially in public control)); (iii) asset 
separation (which enables the Relevant Resolution Authority to transfer certain categories of assets to one or 
more publicly owned asset management vehicles to allow them to be managed with a view to maximising their 
value through eventual sale or orderly wind-down (this can be used together with another resolution tool only)); 
and (iv) the bail-in, which gives the Relevant Resolution Authority the right to exercise certain elements of the 
Spanish Bail-in Power (as defined below). This includes the ability of the Relevant Resolution Authority to 
write down (including to zero) and/or to convert into equity or other securities or obligations (which equity, 
securities and obligations could also be subject to any future application of the Spanish Bail-in Power) certain 
unsecured debt claims and subordinated obligations (including the Notes). 
The Spanish Bail-in Power is any write-down, conversion, transfer, modification, or suspension power 
existing from time to time under, and exercised in compliance with any laws, regulations, rules or requirements 
in effect in Spain, relating to the transposition of the BRRD, as amended from time to time, including, but not 
limited to (i) Law 11/2015, as amended from time to time, (ii) RD 1012/2015, as amended from time to time, 
(iii) the SRM Regulation, as amended from time to time, and (iv) any other instruments, rules or standards 
made in connection with either (i), (ii) or (iii), pursuant to which any obligation of an institution can be reduced, 
cancelled, modified, or converted into shares, other securities, or other obligations of such institution or any 
other person (or suspended for a temporary period). 
In accordance with Article 48 of Law 11/2015 (and subject to any exclusions that may be applied by the 
Relevant Resolution Authority under Article 43 of Law 11/2015), in the case of any application of the Spanish 
Bail-in Power to absorb losses and cover the amount of the recapitalisation, the sequence of any resulting 
write-down or conversion shall be as follows: (i) CET1 items; (ii) the principal amount of Additional Tier 1 
instruments; (iii) the principal amount of Tier 2 instruments; (iv) the principal amount of other subordinated 
claims that do not qualify as Additional Tier 1 capital or Tier 2 capital and (v) the principal or outstanding 
amount of eligible liabilities in accordance with the hierarchy of claims in normal insolvency proceedings 
(with “non-preferred” senior claims subject to the Spanish Bail-in Power after any subordinated claims against 
the Bank but before the other senior claims against the Bank) (following the entry into force of BRRD 2, 
Article 48 of BRRD now refers to “bail-inable liabilities”, defined as the liabilities and capital instruments that

--- Page 248 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
248 
 
 
do not qualify as CET1, Additional Tier 1 instruments or Tier 2 instruments of an institution and that are not 
excluded from the scope of the bail-in tool).  
In addition to the Spanish Bail-in Power, (i) the BRRD, Law 11/2015 and the SRM Regulation provide for the 
Relevant Resolution Authority to have the further power to permanently write down or convert into equity 
capital instruments at the point of non-viability of an institution or a group, and (ii) the BRRD 2 (pending 
implementation in Spain) and the SRM Regulation 2 provide for the Relevant Resolution Authority to have 
the further power to also permanently write down or convert into equity eligible liabilities at the point of non-
viability (both of them, together, the Non-Viability Loss Absorption) of an institution or a group. The point 
of non-viability of an institution is the point at which the Relevant Resolution Authority determines that the 
institution meets the conditions for resolution or that it will no longer be viable unless the relevant capital 
instruments are written down or converted into equity or extraordinary public support is to be provided and 
without such support the Relevant Resolution Authority determines that the institution would no longer be 
viable. The point of non-viability of a group is the point at which the group infringes or there are objective 
elements to support a determination that the group, in the near future, will infringe its consolidated solvency 
requirements in a way that would justify action by the Relevant Resolution Authority in accordance with 
Article 38.3 of Law 11/2015. Non-Viability Loss Absorption may be imposed prior to or in combination with 
any exercise of any other Spanish Bail-in Power or any other resolution tool or power (where the conditions 
for resolution referred to above are met). 
In accordance with Article 64.1(i) of Law 11/2015, the FROB has also the power to alter the amount of interest 
payable under debt instruments and other eligible liabilities of institutions subject to resolution proceedings 
and the date on which the interest becomes payable under the debt instrument (including the power to suspend 
payment for a temporary period).  
In addition, the EBA published certain regulatory technical standards and technical implementation standards 
to be adopted by the European Commission, in addition to certain other guidelines. These standards and 
guidelines could be potentially relevant in determining when or how a Relevant Resolution Authority may 
exercise the Spanish Bail-in Power. These include guidelines on the treatment of shareholders when applying 
the write-down, conversion, transfer, modification, or suspension powers (the Bail-in Tool), as well as on the 
rate for converting debt into shares or other securities or debentures in the application of the Bail-in Tool. No 
assurance can be given that, once adopted, these standards will not be detrimental to the rights of a holder of 
Notes under, and the value of a holder’s investment in, the Notes. 
As described above, within the framework of the EU Banking Reforms, in July 2020 the Spanish Ministry of 
Economic Affairs and Digital Transformation published a draft bill for the implementation of BRRD 2 in 
Spain (the BRRD 2 Draft Bill), which, among others, amends Law 11/2105. However, as of the date of this 
Base Prospectus it is uncertain when the BRRD 2 Draft Bill will be adopted and in which terms.

--- Page 249 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
249 
 
 
TAXATION 
Tax legislation, including in the country where the investor is domiciled or tax resident and in the 
Issuer’s country of incorporation, may have an impact on the income that an investor receives from the 
Notes. 
Spain 
The following summary refers solely to certain Spanish tax consequences of the acquisition, ownership and 
disposition of the Notes.  It does not purport to be a complete analysis of all tax consequences relating to the 
Notes and does not purport to deal with the tax consequences applicable to all categories of investors, some 
of which might be subject to special rules.  Prospective investors should consult their own tax advisors as to 
the consequences under the tax laws of the country of which they are resident for tax purposes and the tax 
laws of Spain of acquiring, holding and disposing of Notes and receiving any payments under the Notes.  This 
summary is based upon the law as in effect on the date of this Base Prospectus and is subject to any change in 
law that may take effect after such date.  References in this section to Noteholders include the beneficial owners 
of the Notes.  
Introduction 
This information has been prepared in accordance with the following Spanish tax legislation in force at the 
date of this document: 
(a) 
of general application, Additional Provision One of Law 10/2014, of 26 June on the organisation, 
supervision and solvency of credit institutions, as well as Royal Decree 1065/2007 of 27 July, as 
amended by Royal Decree 1145/2011, of 29 July (Royal Decree 1065/2007); 
(b) 
for individuals resident for tax purposes in Spain which are subject to the Individual Income Tax (IIT), 
Law 35/2006 of 28 November, on the IIT, as amended, and Royal Decree 439/2007 of 30 March 
promulgating the IIT Regulations, as amended, along with Law 19/1991, of 6 June on Wealth Tax, as 
amended, and Law 29/1987, of 18 December on the Inheritance and Gift Tax, as amended; 
(c) 
for legal entities resident for tax purposes in Spain which are subject to the Corporate Income Tax 
(CIT), Law 27/2014, of 27 November, on the CIT, as amended, and Royal Decree 634/2015, of 10 
July, approving the CIT Regulations, as amended; and 
(d) 
for individuals and entities who are not resident for tax purposes in Spain which are subject to the 
Non-Resident Income Tax (NRIT), Royal Legislative Decree 5/2004, of 5 March promulgating the 
Consolidated Text of the NRIT Law, as amended, and Royal Decree 1776/2004 of 30 July 
promulgating the NRIT Regulations, as amended, along with Law 19/1991, of 6 June on Wealth Tax 
as amended and Law 29/1987, of 18 December on the Inheritance and Gift Tax as amended. 
This analysis is a general description of the tax treatment under the currently in force Spanish legislation, 
without prejudice of regional tax regimes in the Historical Territories of the Basque Country and the 
Community of Navarre, or provisions passed by Autonomous Communities which may apply to investors for 
certain taxes. 
Indirect taxation 
Whatever the nature and residence of the Noteholder, the acquisition and transfer of Notes will be exempt from 
indirect taxes in Spain, i.e., exempt from Transfer Tax and Stamp Duty, in accordance with the Consolidated 
Text of such tax promulgated by Royal Legislative Decree 1/1993, of 24 September and exempt from Value 
Added Tax, in accordance with Law 37/1992, of 28 December, regulating such tax as amended.

--- Page 250 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
250 
 
 
Individuals with Tax Residency in Spain 
Individual Income Tax (Impuesto sobre la Renta de las Personas Físicas) 
Both interest payments periodically received and income derived from the transfer, redemption or repayments 
of the Notes obtained by individuals who are resident in Spain constitute a return on investment obtained from 
the transfer of a person's own capital to third parties in accordance with the provisions of Section 25 of the IIT 
Law, and therefore must be included in the investor's IIT savings taxable base pursuant to the provisions of 
the aforementioned law. 
The IIT savings taxable base is taxed at the following rates: (i) 19% for taxable income up to EUR 6,000; (ii) 
21% for taxable income from EUR 6,001 to EUR 50,000; (iii) 23% from EUR 50,000.01 up to EUR 200,000; 
and (iv) 26 % for any amount in excess of EUR 200,000.  Income from the transfer of the Notes is computed 
as the difference between their transfer value and their acquisition or subscription value.  Also, ancillary 
acquisition and disposal charges are taken into account, insofar as adequately evidenced, in calculating the 
income. 
Negative income derived from the transfer of the Notes, in the event that the Noteholder had acquired other 
homogeneous securities within the two months prior or subsequent to such transfer or exchange, shall be 
included in his or her IIT base as and when the remaining homogeneous securities are transferred. 
When calculating the net income, expenses related to the management and deposit of the Notes will be 
deductible, excluding those pertaining to discretionary or individual portfolio management. 
Article 44 of the Royal Decree 1065/2007 has established information procedures for debt instruments issued 
under the Law 10/2014 (which do not require identification of the Noteholders) and has provided that the 
interest will be paid by the Issuer to the Issuing and Principal Paying Agent for the gross amount, provided 
that such information procedures are complied with, so that any payment under the Notes will not be subject 
to withholding tax to the extent that the new simplified information procedures (which do not require 
identification of the Noteholders) are complied with by the Issuing and Principal Paying Agent as it is 
described under "Simplified information procedures".  If these information procedures are not complied within 
the manner indicated, the Issuer will withhold at the general rate applicable from time to time, and the Issuer 
will pay the relevant additional amounts as will result in receipt by the Noteholder of such amounts as would 
have been received by them had no such withholding or deduction been required. 
However, in the case of Notes held by Spanish resident individuals and deposited with a Spanish resident 
entity acting as depositary or custodian, payments of interest under the Notes may be subject to withholding 
tax at the general rate of 19% which will be made by the depositary or custodian. 
Amounts withheld may be credited against the final IIT liability. 
The Issuer will comply with the reporting obligations set forth in the Spanish tax laws with respect to beneficial 
owners of the Notes that are individuals resident in Spain for tax purposes. 
Wealth Tax (Impuesto sobre el Patrimonio) 
Individuals with tax residency in Spain are subject to Wealth Tax to the extent that their net worth exceeds 
EUR 700,000.  Therefore, they should take into account the value of the Notes which they hold as at 31 
December of each year, the applicable rates ranging between 0.2% and 3.5%.  The Autonomous Communities 
may have different provisions in this respect.

--- Page 251 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
251 
 
 
Inheritance and Gift Tax (Impuesto sobre Sucesiones y Donaciones) 
Individuals resident in Spain for tax purposes who acquire ownership or other rights over the Notes by 
inheritance, gift or legacy will be subject to the Spanish Inheritance and Gift Tax in accordance with the 
applicable Spanish regional and State rules.  The applicable tax rates currently range between 0% (full 
exemption) and 81.6% depending on relevant factors, although the final tax rate may vary depending on any 
applicable regional tax laws. 
Legal Entities with Tax Residency in Spain 
Corporate Income Tax (Impuesto sobre Sociedades) 
Both interest received periodically and income derived from the transfer, redemption or repayment of the Notes 
are subject to CIT (at the current general tax rate of 25%) in accordance with the rules for this tax.  This general 
rate will not be applicable to all CIT taxpayers and, for instance, it will not apply to banking institutions (which 
will be taxed at the rate of 30%).  Special rates apply in respect of certain types of entities (such as qualifying 
collective investment institutions). 
In accordance with Section 44.5 of Royal Decree 1065/2007 and in the opinion of the Issuer, there is no 
obligation to withhold on income payable to Spanish CIT taxpayers (which for the sake of clarity, include 
Spanish tax resident investment funds and Spanish tax resident pension funds).  Consequently, the Issuer will 
not withhold tax on interest payments to Spanish CIT taxpayers to the extent that the new simplified 
information procedures (which do not require identification of the Noteholders) are complied with by the 
Issuing and Principal Paying Agent as it is described under "Simplified information procedures". If these 
information procedures are not complied within the manner indicated, the Issuer will withhold at the general 
rate applicable from time to time, and the Issuer will pay the relevant additional amounts as will result in 
receipt by the Noteholder of such amounts as would have been received by them had no such withholding or 
deduction been required. 
However, in the case of Notes held by Spanish resident entity and deposited with a Spanish resident entity 
acting as depositary or custodian, payments of interest under the Notes may be subject to withholding tax at 
the generally applicable rate of 19%, if the Notes do not comply with applicable exemption requirements 
including those specified in the Reply to the Consultation of the Directorate General for Taxation (Dirección 
General de Tributos) dated 27 July 2004 in which case the required withholding will be made by the depositary 
or custodian. 
Notwithstanding the above, amounts withheld, if any, may be credited by the relevant investors against its 
final CIT liability. 
The Issuer will comply with the reporting obligations set forth in the Spanish tax laws with respect to beneficial 
owners of the Notes that are legal persons or entities resident in Spain for tax purposes. 
Wealth Tax (Impuesto sobre el Patrimonio) 
Legal entities resident in Spain for tax purposes are not subject to Wealth Tax. 
Inheritance and Gift Tax (Impuesto sobre Sucesiones y Donaciones) 
Legal entities resident in Spain for tax purposes which acquire ownership or other rights over the Notes by 
inheritance, gift or legacy are not subject to the Spanish Inheritance and Gift Tax but must include the market 
value of the Notes in their taxable income for Spanish CIT purposes.

--- Page 252 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
252 
 
 
Individuals and Legal Entities with no Tax Residency in Spain 
Non-Resident Income Tax (Impuesto sobre la Renta de No Residentes) 
With permanent establishment in Spain 
If the Notes form part of the assets of a permanent establishment in Spain of a person or legal entity who is 
not resident in Spain for tax purposes, the tax rules applicable to income deriving from such Notes are, 
generally, the same as those previously set out for Spanish CIT taxpayers.  See "Spain – Legal Entities with 
Tax Residency in Spain – Corporate Income Tax (Impuesto sobre Sociedades)".    Ownership of the Notes by 
investors who are not resident for tax purposes in Spain will not in itself create the existence of a permanent 
establishment in Spain. 
The Issuer will comply with the reporting obligations set out in the Spanish tax laws with respect to holders of 
the Notes who are individuals or legal entities not resident in Spain for tax purposes who act with respect to 
the Notes through a permanent establishment in Spain. 
With no permanent establishment in Spain 
Both interest payments received periodically and income derived from the transfer, redemption or repayment 
of the Notes, obtained by individuals or entities who are not resident in Spain for tax purposes and who do not 
act, with respect to the Notes, through a permanent establishment in Spain, are exempt from NRIT. 
In order for the exemption to apply, it is necessary to comply with certain information obligations relating to 
the Notes, in the manner described under "Simplified information procedures" as laid down in section 44 of 
Royal Decree 1065/2007.  If these information obligations are not complied within the manner indicated, the 
Issuer will withhold at the general rate applicable from time to time, and the Issuer will pay the relevant 
additional amounts as will result in receipt by the Noteholder of such amounts as would have been received 
by them had no such withholding or deduction been required. 
Wealth Tax (Impuesto sobre el Patrimonio) 
Non-Spanish resident individuals whose properties and rights located in Spain, or that can be exercised within 
the Spanish territory exceed EUR 700,000 would be subject to Wealth Tax, the applicable rates ranging 
between 0.2% and 3.5%.  However, non-Spanish resident individuals will be exempt from Wealth Tax in 
respect of the Notes which income is exempt from NRIT as described above. 
Individuals resident in a country with which Spain has entered into a double tax treaty in relation to Wealth 
Tax would generally not be subject to such tax. 
If the exemptions outlined do not apply, individuals who are not resident in Spain for tax purposes and who 
are residents in an EU or European Economic Member State may apply the rules approved by the Spanish 
region where the assets and rights with more value: (i) are located; (ii) can be exercised; or (iii) must be 
fulfilled.  
Non-Spanish resident legal entities are not subject to Wealth Tax. 
Inheritance and Gift Tax (Impuesto sobre Sucesiones y Donaciones) 
Individuals not resident in Spain for tax purposes who acquire ownership or other rights over the Notes by 
inheritance, gift or legacy, will be subject to the Spanish Inheritance and Gift Tax in accordance with the 
applicable Spanish regional and state rules (individuals who are resident for tax purposes in an EU or European 
Economic Member State (other than Spain) may apply the regional rules), unless they reside in a country for

--- Page 253 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
253 
 
 
tax purposes with which Spain has entered into a double tax treaty in relation to Inheritance and Gift Tax.  In 
such case, the provisions of the relevant double tax treaty will apply. 
If the provisions of the foregoing paragraph do not apply, such individuals will be subject to inheritance and 
gift tax in accordance with Spanish legislation. The applicable Spanish Inheritance and Gift Tax rate would 
range between 0 per cent. (full exemption) and 81.6 per cent., depending on relevant factors. 
Non-Spanish resident legal entities which acquire ownership or other rights over the Notes by 
inheritance, gift or legacy are not subject to the Spanish Inheritance and Gift Tax.  Such acquisitions 
will be subject to NRIT (as described above), except as provided in any applicable double tax treaty 
entered into by Spain.  In general, double tax treaties provide for the taxation of this type of income in 
the country of tax residence of the Holder.Tax Rules for Notes not Listed 
Withholding on Account of IIT, CIT and NRIT 
If the Notes are not listed on any Payment Date, payments to Noteholders will be subject to withholding tax at 
the general rate of 19%, except in the case of Noteholders which are: (a) resident in a Member State of the 
European Union (other than Spain) or in a member state of the European Economic Area (other than Spain) 
which has entered into an effective exchange of tax information agreement with Spain, and obtain the interest 
income either directly or through a permanent establishment located in another Member State of the European 
Union (other than Spain) or in a member state of the European Economic Area (other than Spain) which has 
entered into an effective exchange of tax information agreement with Spain, provided that such Holders (i) do 
not obtain the interest income on the Notes through a permanent establishment in Spain and (ii) are not resident 
of, or are not located in, nor obtain income through, a tax haven (as defined by Royal Decree 1080/1991, of 5 
July, as amended); (b) Spanish securitization funds which comply with the requirements established in Article 
61.k) of Royal Decree 634/2015, of 10 July 2015; or (c) resident for tax purposes of a country which has 
entered into a double tax treaty with Spain which provides for an exemption from Spanish tax or a reduced 
withholding tax rate with respect to interest payable to any Holder. 
Wealth Tax (Impuesto sobre el Patrimonio) 
See "—Spain — Individuals with Tax Residency in Spain – Wealth Tax (Impuesto sobre el Patrimonio)" and 
"—Spain — Individuals and Legal Entities with no Tax Residency in Spain – Wealth Tax (Impuesto sobre el 
Patrimonio). 
Simplified information procedures 
According to Law 10/2014 the information to be reported by issuers to the Spanish Tax Authorities will be 
developed in relevant regulations.  Royal Decree 1065/2007 sets out the procedures to be followed in order to 
make payments under the Notes without withholdings or deductions for or on account of Spanish taxes. 
The procedures set out in the Agency Agreement provide that the Issuer will pay on each Interest Payment 
Date the full amount of the payment due and payable to the Issuing and Principal Paying Agent.  The Issuing 
and Principal Paying Agent, on behalf of the Issuer, will deliver a statement in the required form to the Issuer 
the business day immediately before the relevant Interest Payment Date.  The statement shall contain the 
following information:  
(a) 
identification of the Notes; 
(b) 
income payment date (or refund if the Notes are issued at a discount or segregated); 
(c) 
total amount of income (or total amount to be refunded if the Notes are issued at a discount or 
segregated); and

--- Page 254 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
254 
 
 
(d) 
total amount payable under the Notes to each of the Clearing Systems. 
If the procedures set out above are complied with, the Issuing and Principal Paying Agent, on behalf of the 
Issuer, will pay the relevant amount to (or for the account of) the clearing systems without withholdings or 
deductions for or on account of Spanish taxes.  If the statement is not delivered to the Issuer as described 
above, the Issuer shall pay such additional amounts as required under terms of the Notes and pay an appropriate 
amount to the Spanish tax authorities to the extent required to comply with its obligations with respect thereto.  
The Issuing and Principal Paying Agent will pay the relevant amount to (or for the account of) the clearing 
systems.  
If, following clarifications by the Spanish Tax Authorities, procedures in relation to Royal Decree 1065/2007 
are subsequently amended, the Issuer and the Issuing and Principal Paying Agent will implement such 
procedures as may be required to enable the Issuer to comply with its obligations under applicable legislation 
as clarified by the Spanish Tax Authorities.  The Issuer undertakes to ensure that the Noteholders are informed 
of such new procedures and their implications.  
Regarding the interpretation of Royal Decree 1065/2007 and the new simplified information procedures please 
refer to "Risk Factors – Risks related to Notes generally – 17. 
Risks relating to the Spanish withholding tax 
regime". 
The Proposed EU Financial Transactions Tax  
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the Commission's Proposal) for a 
Directive for a common Financial Transactions Tax (the EU FTT) in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, 
Spain, France, Italy, Austria, Portugal, Slovenia and Slovakia (the participating Member States).  However, 
Estonia has since stated that it will not participate. 
The Commission's Proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings in the 
Notes (including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances.  Primary market transactions 
referred to in Article 5(c) of Regulation (EC) No 1287/2006 are expected to be exempt. 
Under the Commission's Proposal the EU FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within 
and outside of the participating Member States.  Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in the Notes 
where at least one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a participating Member 
State.  A financial institution may be, or be deemed to be, "established" in a participating Member State in a 
broad range of circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person established in a participating Member 
State or (b) where the financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued in a participating Member 
State. 
In the ECOFIN meeting of 17 June 2016, the EU FTT was discussed between the EU Member States. It was 
reiterated in this meeting that participating Member States envisage introducing an EU FTT by means of the 
so-called enhanced cooperation process.  
The proposed Directive defines how the EU FTT would be implemented in participating Member States. It 
involves a minimum 0.1% tax rate for transactions in all types of financial instruments, except for derivatives 
that would be subject to a minimum 0.01% tax rate. 
On 3 December 2018, the finance ministers of France and Germany outlined a joint proposal for a limited FTT 
based on a system already in place in France. Under the new proposal, the tax obligation would apply only to 
transactions involving shares issued by domestic companies with a market capitalisation of over EUR 1 billion. 
However, the Commission’s Proposal remains subject to negotiation between the participating Member States.  
It may therefore be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains unclear.  Additional EU 
Member States may decide to participate and participating Members States may withdraw.

--- Page 255 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
255 
 
 
Prospective holders of Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the EU FTT. 
Spanish FTT 
The Spanish law which implements the Spanish FTT was approved on 7 October 2020 (the FTT Law) and 
the FTT Law was published in the Spanish Official Gazette (Boletín Oficial del Estado) on 16 October 2020. 
The Spanish FTT came into force three months after the publication of the FTT Law in the Spanish Official 
Gazette (that is, on 16 January 2021).  
Spanish FTT will charge a 0.2% rate on specific acquisitions of listed shares issued by Spanish companies 
whose market capitalization exceeds EUR 1 billion, regardless of the jurisdiction of residence of the parties 
involved in the transaction. The tax payer will be the financial traders that transfer or execute the purchase 
order and must submit an annual tax return. 
The list of the Spanish companies with a market capitalisation exceeding EUR 1 billion at 1 December of each 
year will be published on the Spanish tax authorities’ website before 31 December each year. For the purposes 
of transactions closed during 2021, the Spanish tax authorities issued a list of entities whose market 
capitalization exceeded EUR 1 billion as of 16 December 2020, that will fall within the scope of the Spanish 
FTT. 
This being said, the Spanish FTT would not apply in relation to the Notes since the Spanish FTT only applies 
on the acquisition of shares of certain Spanish companies, so transactions involving bonds or debt or similar 
instruments, such as preferred securities or derivatives, are not affected by such tax. 
Prospective holders of the Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the Spanish 
FTT. 
Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S.  Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as FATCA, a 
foreign financial institution (as defined by FATCA) may be required to withhold on certain payments it 
makes (foreign passthru payments) to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting or related 
requirements.  The issuer is a foreign financial institution for these purposes.  A number of jurisdictions 
(including Spain) have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, intergovernmental agreements with the 
United States to implement FATCA (IGAs), which modify the way in which FATCA applies in their 
jurisdictions.  Under the provisions of IGAs as currently in effect, a foreign financial institution in an IGA 
jurisdiction would generally not be required to withhold under FATCA or an IGA from payments that it makes.  
Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to instruments such as Notes, including 
whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on 
instruments such as Notes, are uncertain and may be subject to change.  Even if withholding would be required 
pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as Notes, such withholding would 
not apply prior to the date that is two years after the date on which final regulations defining foreign passthru 
payments are published in the U.S. Federal Register and Notes issued on or prior to the date that is six months 
after the date on which final regulations defining foreign passthru payments are published generally would be 
grandfathered for purposes of FATCA withholding unless materially modified after such date (including by 
reason of a substitution of the issuer).  However, if additional Notes (as described under "Terms and 
Conditions—Further Issues") that are not distinguishable from previously issued Notes are issued after the 
expiration of the grandfathering period and are subject to withholding under FATCA, then withholding agents 
may treat all Notes, including the Notes offered prior to the expiration of the grandfathering period, as subject 
to withholding under FATCA.  Holders should consult their own tax advisers regarding how these rules may 
apply to their investment in Notes.

--- Page 256 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
256 
 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
The Dealers have, in an amended and restated Programme Agreement (such Programme Agreement as 
modified and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the Programme Agreement) dated 27 April 
2021, agreed with the Issuer a basis upon which they or any of them may from time to time agree to purchase 
Notes.  Any such agreement will extend to those matters stated under "Form of the Notes" and the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes.  In the Programme Agreement, the Issuer has agreed to reimburse the Dealers for 
certain of their expenses in connection with the establishment and any future update of the Programme and the 
issue of Notes under the Programme and to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities incurred by them 
in connection therewith. 
United States 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or any state securities laws and 
may not be offered or sold or delivered within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. 
Persons (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act (Regulation S)) except in certain transactions 
exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act.  The Notes are being offered for sale outside 
the US in accordance with Regulation S. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by 
Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
The Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United 
States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions permitted by U.S. Treasury 
regulations.  Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code 
of 1986 and Treasury regulations promulgated thereunder.  The applicable Final Terms will identify whether 
TEFRA C rules or TEFRA D rules apply or whether TEFRA is not applicable. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it will not offer, sell or deliver Notes (a) as part of their distribution at any 
time or (b) otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the distribution as determined by the relevant Dealer 
or, in the case of an issue of Notes on a syndicated basis, the relevant lead manager, of all Notes of the Tranche 
of which such Notes are a part, within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons 
except in accordance with Regulation S of the Securities Act.  Each Dealer has further agreed, and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, that it will send to each dealer to which it 
sells any Notes during the distribution compliance period (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act) 
a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes within the United 
States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings 
given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
Until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of any Series of Notes, an offer or sale of such Notes 
within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act. 
United Kingdom  
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of 
Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in 
circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA would not apply to the Issuer if it was not an 
authorised person; and

--- Page 257 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
257 
 
 
(b) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything 
done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom. 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors  
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as “Not 
Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not 
offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this 
Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be) in relation 
thereto to any retail investor in the United Kingdom.  For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms 
part of the domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018 (EUWA); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 
600/2014 as it forms part of the domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the EUWA; 
or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression an offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide 
to purchase or subscribe for the Notes.  
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as “Not 
Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the 
subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the final terms in relation thereto 
to the public in the United Kingdom except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in the United 
Kingdom: 
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus 
Regulation; 
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in 
Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the United Kingdom subject to obtaining the prior 
consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in A to C above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to publish 
a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the UK 
Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision:

--- Page 258 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
258 
 
 
• 
the expression an offer of Notes to the public in relation to any Notes means the communication in 
any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be 
offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes; and  
• 
the expression UK Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of the 
domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the EUWA.  
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies the "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" as 
"Not Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available 
and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor 
in the European Economic Area.  For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or  
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; 
or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression an offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide 
to purchase or subscribe the Notes.  
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" as "Not 
Applicable", in relation to each Member State of the European Economic Area, each Dealer has represented 
and agreed that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by the Base Prospectus as completed by the final terms in relation thereto to the public in that 
Member State except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in that Member State: 
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; 
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation) subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers 
nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to 
publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant 
to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision: 
• 
the expression an offer of Notes to the public in relation to any Notes in any Relevant State means 
the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer 
and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes; 
and

--- Page 259 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
259 
 
 
• 
the expression Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan 
(Act No.25 of 1948, as amended; the FIEA) and each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it will not offer or sell any 
Notes, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan (as defined under Item 
5, Paragraph 1, Article 6 of the Foreign Exchange and Foreign Trade Act (Act No. 228 of 1949, as amended)), 
or to others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, a resident of 
Japan, except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance 
with, the FIEA and any other applicable laws, regulations and ministerial guidelines of Japan.  
Spain 
Neither the Notes nor this Base Prospectus have been or will be registered with the Spanish Securities Market 
Commission (Comisión Nacional del Mercado de Valores). The Notes may not be sold or distributed, nor may 
any subsequent resale of Notes be carried out in Spain, except in compliance with the provisions of the 
Prospectus Regulation and the consolidated text of the Spanish Securities Market Law approved by Royal 
Legislative Decree 4/2015 of 23 October (Real Decreto Legislativo 4/2015, de 23 de octubre, por el que se 
aprueba el texto refundido de la Ley del Mercado de Valores).  No publicity or marketing of any kind shall be 
made in Spain in relation to the Notes. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree that it has not and will not direct or make any offer of the Notes to investors 
located in Spain. 
Republic of Italy  
The offering of the Notes has not been registered pursuant to Italian securities legislation and, accordingly, no 
Notes may be offered, sold or delivered, nor may copies of the Base Prospectus or of any other document 
relating to the Notes be distributed in the Republic of Italy, except:  
(a) 
to qualified investors (investitori qualificati), pursuant to Article 2 of the Prospectus Regulation and 
any applicable provision of Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, as amended (the Financial 
Services Act) and Italian CONSOB regulations; or  
(b) 
in other circumstances which are exempted from the rules on public offerings pursuant to Article 1 of 
the Prospectus Regulation, Article 34-ter of CONSOB Regulation No. 11971 of 14 May 1999, as 
amended from time to time, and the applicable Italian laws. 
Any offer, sale or delivery of the Notes or distribution of copies of the Base Prospectus or any other document 
relating to the Notes in the Republic of Italy under (a) or (b) above must be:  
(i) 
made by an investment firm, bank or financial intermediary permitted to conduct such activities in the 
Republic of Italy in accordance with the Financial Services Act, CONSOB Regulation No. 20307 of 
15 February 2018 (as amended from time to time) and Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 
1993, as amended (the Banking Act); and  
(ii) 
comply with any other applicable laws and regulations or requirement imposed by CONSOB, the Bank 
of Italy (including the reporting requirements, where applicable, pursuant to Article 129 of the Banking 
Act and the implementing guidelines of the Bank of Italy, as amended from time to time) and/or any 
other Italian authority.

--- Page 260 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
260 
 
 
 
Belgium 
Other than in respect of Notes for which "Prohibition of Sales to Belgian Consumers" is specified as "Not 
Applicable" in the Final Terms, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed 
under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that an offering of Notes may not be advertised 
to any individual in Belgium qualifying as a consumer within the meaning of Article I.1 of the Belgian Code 
of Economic Law, as amended from time to time (a Belgian Consumer) and that it has not offered, sold or 
resold, transferred or delivered, and will not offer, sell, resell, transfer or deliver, the Notes, and that it has not 
distributed, and will not distribute, any prospectus, memorandum, information circular, brochure or any similar 
documents in relation to the Notes, directly or indirectly, to any Belgian Consumer. 
France  
Each Dealer has represented and agreed that it has only offered or sold and will only offer or sell, directly or 
indirectly, Notes in France to qualified investors (investisseurs qualifiés) as defined in Article L.411-2 1° of 
the French Code monétaire et financier and it has only distributed or caused to be distributed and will only 
distribute or cause to be distributed in France to such qualified investors this Base Prospectus, any Final Terms 
or any other offering material relating to the Notes. 
Singapore 
This Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority of Singapore.  
Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered or sold any Notes or caused the Notes to be made 
the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase and will not offer or sell any Notes or cause the Notes 
to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, and has not circulated or distributed, nor 
will it circulate or distribute, this Base Prospectus or any other document or material in connection with the 
offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of the Notes, whether directly or indirectly, to any 
person in Singapore other than (a) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA) pursuant 
to Section 274 of the SFA, (b) to a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA pursuant to Section 
275(1) of the SFA), or any person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance with the 
conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA or (c) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the 
conditions of, any other applicable provision of the SFA.  
Where the Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which is: 
(a) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole 
business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or more 
individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or 
(b) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments and 
each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor, 
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of that 
corporation or the beneficiaries’ rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be transferred 
within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Notes pursuant to an offer made under 
Section 275 of the SFA except: 
(a) 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or to any person arising from an offer referred to in 
Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(i)(B) of the SFA; 
(b) 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer;

--- Page 261 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
261 
 
 
(c) 
where the transfer is by operation of law;  
(d) 
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or 
(e) 
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities and 
Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018. 
Switzerland 
The offering of the Notes in Switzerland is exempt from requirement to prepare and publish a prospectus under 
the Swiss Financial Services Act (FinSA). This Base Prospectus does not constitute a prospectus pursuant to 
the FinSA, and no such prospectus has been or will be prepared for or in connection with the offering of the 
Notes. 
Hong Kong 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to agree that: 
(a) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell in Hong Kong, by means of any document, any 
Notes other than (a) to “Professional Investors” as defined in the SFO and any rules made under the 
SFO; or (b) in other circumstances which do not result in the document being a “prospectus” as defined 
in the Companies (Winding Up and Miscellaneous Provisions) Ordinance (Cap. 32) of Hong Kong 
(the C(WUMP)O) or which do not constitute an offer to the public within the meaning of the 
C(WUMP)O; and 
(b) 
it has not issued or had in its possession for the purposes of issue, and will not issue or have in its 
possession for the purposes of issue, whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere, any advertisement, 
invitation or document relating to the Notes, which is directed at, or the contents of which are likely 
to be accessed or read by, the public of Hong Kong (except if permitted to do so under the securities 
laws of Hong Kong) other than with respect to Notes which are or are intended to be disposed of only 
to persons outside Hong Kong or only to “Professional Investors” as defined in the SFO and any rules 
made under the SFO. 
Australia 
No prospectus or other disclosure document (as defined in the Corporations Act 2001 of Australia 
(Corporations Act)) in relation to the Programme or any Notes has been or will be lodged with the Australian 
Securities and Investments Commission (ASIC). Each Dealer has represented and agreed and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree that it: 
(a) 
has not (directly or indirectly) offered, and will not offer for issue or sale and has not invited, and will 
not invite, applications for issue, or offers to purchase, the Notes in, to or from Australia (including an 
offer or invitation which is received by a person in Australia); and 
(b) 
has not distributed or published, and will not distribute or publish, any information memorandum, 
advertisement or other offering material relating to the Notes in Australia, 
unless (1) the aggregate consideration payable by each offeree or invitee is at least AUD 500,000 (or its 
equivalent in other currencies, disregarding moneys lent by the offeror or its associates) or the offer or 
invitation otherwise does not require disclosure to investors in accordance with Part 6D.2 or Part 7.9 of the 
Corporations Act, (2) the offer or invitation is not made to a person who is a “retail client” within the meaning 
of section 761G of the Corporations Act, (3) such action complies with all applicable laws, regulations and 
directives and (4) such action does not require any document to be lodged with ASIC.

--- Page 262 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
262 
 
 
General 
Each Dealer has agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree that 
it will (to the best of its knowledge and belief) comply with all applicable securities laws and regulations in 
force in any jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or possesses or distributes this 
Base Prospectus and will obtain any consent, approval or permission required by it for the purchase, offer, sale 
or delivery by it of Notes under the laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction to which it is subject or in 
which it makes such purchases, offers, sales or deliveries and neither the Issuer nor any of the other Dealers 
shall have any responsibility therefor. 
None of the Issuer and the Dealers represents that Notes may at any time lawfully be sold in compliance with 
any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to any exemption available 
thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating such sale.

--- Page 263 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
263 
 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Authorisation 
The establishment of the Programme was duly authorised by a resolution of the shareholders of the Issuer 
dated 25 April 2013, and a resolution of the Board of Directors of the Issuer dated 26 September 2013 and the 
update of the Programme has been duly authorised by a resolution of the Board of Directors of the Issuer dated 
30 March 2021.  
Issues of Notes under the Programme are required to comply with certain formalities contained in the Spanish 
Corporations law (Ley de Sociedades de Capital), including as at the date of this Base Prospectus execution 
of a public deed of issue (Escritura de Emisión). 
Listing of Notes 
It is expected that each Tranche of Notes which is to be admitted to the Official List and to trading on the 
Euronext Dublin Regulated Market will be admitted separately as and when issued, subject only to the issue 
of a Global Note or Notes initially representing the Notes of such Tranche. Application has been made to 
Euronext Dublin for Notes issued under the Programme during the period of twelve months from the date of 
this Base Prospectus to be admitted to the Official List and trading on its regulated market. The approval of 
the Programme in respect of the Notes was granted on or about 27 April 2021. 
The Programme provides that Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on such other or 
further stock exchanges or markets as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer.  
Documents Available  
For the period of 12 months following the date of this Base Prospectus, copies of the following documents 
will, when published, be available at the website of the Issuer (in respect of the document listed at (a) below) 
or the website of Euronext Dublin (www.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin) (in respect of the documents listed 
at (b) and (c) below): 
(a) 
the By-laws (with an accurately reproduced English translation thereof) of the Issuer; 
(b) 
a copy of this Base Prospectus; and 
(c) 
any future offering circulars, prospectuses, information memoranda, supplements and Final Terms to 
this Base Prospectus and any other documents incorporated herein or therein by reference. 
Clearing Systems 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (which are the 
entities in charge of keeping the records).  The appropriate Common Code and ISIN for each Tranche of Notes 
allocated by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will be specified in the applicable Final Terms.  If the 
Notes are to clear through an additional or alternative clearing system the appropriate information will be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The address of Euroclear is Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels and the 
address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is Clearstream Banking, S.A., 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855 
Luxembourg.

--- Page 264 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
264 
 
 
Conditions for determining price 
The price and amount of Notes to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the Issuer and each 
relevant Dealer at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions. 
Significant or Material Change  
Save as disclosed in the Base Prospectus, there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the 
Issuer since 31 December 2020.  
Save as disclosed in the Base Prospectus, there has been no significant change in the financial performance or 
position of the Group since 31 December 2020. 
Litigation 
Other than as described in the section entitled "Litigation" on page 230 and under the heading "The Group is 
exposed to risk of loss from legal and regulatory claims" in the Risk Factors section, neither the Issuer nor any 
other member of the Group is or has been involved in any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings 
(including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware) in the 12 months 
preceding the date of this document which may have or have in such period had a significant effect on the 
financial position or profitability of the Issuer or the Group. 
Independent Auditors 
The current auditors of the Issuer are PricewaterhouseCoopers Auditores, S.L. (registered as auditors on the 
Registro Oficial de Auditores de Cuentas) who audited the Issuer's accounts for each of the two financial years 
ended on 31 December 2019 and 31 December 2020 and will audit the Issuer's accounts for the financial year 
ended on 31 December 2021. 
Dealers transacting with the Issuer 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking 
and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer and its affiliates 
in the ordinary course of business.  In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers 
and their affiliates may make or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities 
(or related derivative securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and 
for the accounts of their customers.  Such investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or 
instruments of the Issuer or Issuer's affiliates.  Certain of the Dealer or their affiliates that have a lending 
relationship with the Issuer routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer consistent with their customary 
risk management policies.  Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering 
into transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions 
in securities, including potentially the Notes issued under the Programme.  Any such short positions could 
adversely affect future trading prices of Notes issued under the Programme.  The Dealers and their affiliates 
may also make investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in respect 
of such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or 
short positions in such securities and instruments.

--- Page 265 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
265 
 
 
ISSUER 
CaixaBank, S.A. 
Pintor Sorolla, 2-4  
46002 Valencia 
Spain 
ISSUING AND PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT 
BNP Paribas Securities Services, Luxembourg Branch 
60, avenue J.F. Kennedy 
L-1855 Luxembourg 
Postal Address: L - 2085 Luxembourg 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Issuer as to English law and Spanish law 
To the Dealers as to English law and Spanish law 
Clifford Chance, S.L.P.U. 
Paseo de la Castellana 110 
28046 Madrid 
Spain 
Allen & Overy 
Serrano 73 
28006 Madrid 
Spain 
AUDITORS 
To the Issuer  
 
PricewaterhouseCoopers Auditores, S.L. 
Torre PwC 
Paseo de la Castellana, 259 B 
28046 Madrid 
Spain 
ARRANGER 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
One Molesworth Street 
Dublin 2 
Ireland D02 RF29 
 
DEALERS 
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. 
Ciudad BBVA 
Calle Sauceda 28, Edificio Asia 
Madrid 28050 
Spain 
Banco Santander, S.A. 
Calle Juan Ignacio Luca de Tena, 11 
Edificio Magdalena, Planta 1 
28027, Madrid 
Spain 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
One Molesworth Street 
Dublin 2 
Ireland D02 RF29 
BNP Paribas 
16, boulevard des Italiens 
75009 Paris 
France 
BofA Securities Europe SA 
51 rue La Boétie 
75008 Paris 
France  
CaixaBank, S.A. 
Pintor Sorolla, 2-4  
46002 Valencia 
Spain

--- Page 266 ---
0012018-0003757 EUO1: 2002684807.14 
266 
 
 
 Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Reuterweg 16 
60323 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft 
Kaiserstraße 16 (Kaiserplatz) 
60311 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of Germany 
 Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment 
Bank 
12, Place des Etats-Unis 
CS 70052 
92547 – Montrouge Cedex 
France 
Credit Suisse Securities Sociedad de Valores 
S.A. 
Calle de Ayala, 42 
28001 Madrid 
Spain  
 Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellchaft 
Mainzer Landstr. 11-17 
60329 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE 
Marientum 
Taunusanlage 9-10 
60329 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
HSBC Bank plc 
8 Canada Square 
London E14 5HQ 
United Kingdom 
HSBC Continental Europe 
38, Avenue Kléber 
75116 Paris 
France   
 J.P. Morgan AG 
Taunustor 1 (TaunusTurm), 
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany  
Mediobanca - Banca di Credito Finanziario 
S.p.A. 
Piazzetta Enrico Cuccia, 1 
20121 Milan 
Italy   
 Morgan Stanley Europe SE 
Grosse Gallusstrasse 18 
60312 Frankfurt-am-Main 
Germany 
NATIXIS 
30 Avenue Pierre Mendès France 
75013 Paris 
France  
 Nomura Financial Products Europe GmbH 
Rathenauplatz 1 
60313, Frankfurt-am-Main 
Germany 
Société Générale 
29, boulevard Haussmann 
75009 Paris 
France  
UBS Europe SE 
Bockenheimer Landstraße 2-4, 
60306 Frankfurt am Main,  
Germany 
 
UniCredit Bank AG 
Arabellastrasse 12 
D-81925 Munich 
Germany 
 
 
LISTING AGENT 
Maples and Calder 
75 St. Stephen's Green 
Dublin 2, Ireland