--- Page 1 ---
PROSPECTUS 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
CANADIAN IMPERIAL BANK OF COMMERCE 
(a Canadian chartered bank) 
 
US$7,500,000,000 Note Issuance Programme 
This document is a base prospectus (the “Prospectus”) prepared for the purposes of Article 8 of Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 (as amended, the "Prospectus Regulation") for the purpose of the offering of Notes (as defined below) other 
than Exempt Notes (as defined below) from time to time.  
Under the Note Issuance Programme (the “Programme”) described in this Prospectus, Canadian Imperial Bank of 
Commerce (“CIBC” or the “Issuer”), subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, may from 
time to time issue notes (the “Notes”).  Any Notes issued under the Programme on or after the date of this Prospectus 
are issued subject to the provisions hereof.  Notes to be issued under the Programme will be unsubordinated Notes 
constituting deposit liabilities of CIBC. This does not affect any Notes of CIBC issued under the Programme prior to the 
date of this Prospectus. References in this Prospectus to "Exempt Notes" are to Notes which are (i) neither admitted to 
trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area or the United Kingdom nor offered to the public in the 
European Economic Area or the United Kingdom or (ii) Notes for which no prospectus is required to be published under 
the Prospectus Regulation. 
This Prospectus has been approved as a prospectus by the Commission de surveillance du secteur financier (the 
"CSSF"), in its capacity as competent authority in Luxembourg under the Prospectus Regulation and the Luxembourg Act 
dated 16 July 2019 relating to prospectuses for securities (the "Luxembourg Law on Prospectuses") as a base 
prospectus issued in compliance with the Prospectus Regulation for the purpose of giving information with regard to the 
issue of Notes (other than Exempt Notes) under the Programme during the period of twelve months after the Approval 
Date (as defined herein). The CSSF only approves this Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, 
comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation and the Luxembourg Prospectus Act. Such 
approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or the quality of the Notes and investors should make 
their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. Pursuant to Article 6 (4) of the Law dated 16 July 
2019, by approving a prospectus, in accordance with Article 20 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, the CSSF does not engage 
in respect of the economic or financial opportunity of the operation or the quality and solvency of the Issuer.  The CSSF 
has neither reviewed nor approved any information in relation to Exempt Notes. 
Applications have been made for Notes other than Exempt Notes issued under the Programme to be admitted to listing 
on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange during the period of twelve months after the Approval Date. The regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange is a regulated market for the purposes of the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended, “MiFID II”). 
Application has been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Exempt Notes issued under the Programme to be 
admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s Euro MTF market (the “Euro MTF”). The Euro MTF is not a 
regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II. The Programme also permits Exempt Notes to be issued on the basis that 
they will not be admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation 
system or to be admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by such other or further competent authorities, stock 
exchanges and/or quotation systems as may be agreed with the Issuer. The applicable Issue Terms will specify whether 
the Notes are to be listed or unlisted and, if listed, will indicate the stock exchange and/or quotation system on which the 
Notes will be listed. 
This Prospectus is valid for a period of twelve months after its Approval Date (defined below) until 10 May 2023.   
This Prospectus must be read with the documents incorporated by reference herein (see “Documents Incorporated by 
Reference”) and any supplement to this Prospectus (each, a “Supplement”) as approved by the CSSF from time to time 
and, in relation to any Tranche or Series of Notes, should be read and construed together with the applicable Issue Terms 
(as defined below).  Any reference herein to “Prospectus” includes the documents incorporated by reference herein and 
any such approved Supplement and the documents incorporated by reference therein.   
A "final terms" document (the "Final Terms") will be prepared in respect of each Tranche of Notes other than Exempt 
Notes. The Final Terms will complete the Terms and Conditions in relation to such Notes, specify whether the Belgian 
Securities Annex is applicable in relation to such Notes and, in relation to Reference Item Linked Notes, will specify the 
applicable payout conditions used to calculate the redemption amount and any interest/coupon payments.

--- Page 2 ---
ii 
 
A “pricing supplement” document (the “Pricing Supplement”) will be prepared in respect of each Tranche of Exempt 
Notes. The Pricing Supplement will complete or supplement the Terms and Conditions in relation to such Exempt Notes, 
specify whether the Belgian Securities Annex is applicable in relation to such Notes and, in relation to Reference Item 
Linked Notes, will specify the applicable payout conditions used to calculate the redemption amount and any 
interest/coupon payments.  
Alternatively, a Drawdown Prospectus may be prepared in respect of a Tranche of Notes (including Exempt Notes). The 
Drawdown Prospectus will amend and/or replace the Conditions in relation to the relevant Series in the manner as set 
forth in the Drawdown Prospectus and will also set out or incorporate by reference the necessary information relating to 
the Issuer.  
The Final Terms, the Pricing Supplement and the Drawdown Prospectus therefore contain vital information in regard to 
the Notes. The Final Terms, the Pricing Supplement and the Drawdown Prospectus for listed Notes will be available on 
the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu).  
References in this Prospectus to “Issue Terms” means either (i) where the Notes are not Exempt Notes, the applicable 
Final Terms or (ii) where the Notes are Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement.  
This Prospectus as well as the documents incorporated by reference herein and any supplement hereto will be published 
in electronic form on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (https://www.bourse.lu/programme/Programme-
CIBC/13962) and will be viewable on, and obtainable free of charge from, such website.  For the avoidance of doubt, any 
information contained in the aforementioned website (other than the information incorporated by reference in this 
Prospectus as described in the section entitled "Documents Incorporated by Reference") does not form part of this 
Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the CSSF. 
The aggregate nominal amount of Notes outstanding under the Programme at any time will not exceed US$7,500,000,000 
(or the equivalent in other currencies).  
The Notes and, in certain cases, Asset Amounts (as defined herein) relating to the Notes (if any), have not been, and will 
not be, registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”), or with any securities 
regulatory authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States and Notes issued in bearer form are subject to 
U.S. tax law requirements. Subject to certain exceptions, the Notes may not be offered or sold within the United States or 
to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act (“Regulation S”)). 
The Notes may be offered and sold (i) within the United States in registered form only to qualified institutional buyers 
(each, a “QIB”), as defined in Rule 144A under the Securities Act (“Rule 144A”), in reliance on the exemption from 
registration provided by Rule 144A (the “Rule 144A Notes”) and (ii) to non-U.S. persons in offshore transactions in 
reliance on Regulation S (the “Regulation S Notes”). Prospective purchasers are hereby notified that sellers of the Notes 
may be relying on the exemption from the provisions of Section 5 of the Securities Act provided by Rule 144A. For a 
description of these and certain other restrictions, see “Subscription and Sale”. 
The Notes have not been approved or disapproved by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”), 
the securities commission of any State or other jurisdiction in the United States or any other U.S. regulatory 
authority, nor have any of the foregoing authorities passed upon or endorsed the merits of the offering of the 
Notes or the accuracy or adequacy of this Prospectus.  Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offence 
in the United States. 
For a description of certain restrictions on offers, sales and deliveries of Notes and on the distribution of this Prospectus 
or any Issue Terms and other offering material relating to the Notes in Canada, the United States, the European Economic 
Area (including Belgium, The Netherlands and Italy), the United Kingdom, Switzerland, Japan, Hong Kong, Singapore, 
Taiwan, PRC (as defined herein), Australia, New Zealand, United Arab Emirates (excluding the Dubai International 
Financial Centre) and Dubai International Financial Centre - see “Subscription and Sale”. 
An investment in Notes is subject to a number of risks, as described in the section of this Prospectus entitled 
"Risk Factors" below. Prospective purchasers of Notes should ensure that they understand the nature of the 
relevant Notes and the extent of their exposure to risks and that they consider the suitability of the relevant Notes 
as an investment in light of their own circumstances and financial condition. Certain Notes may involve a high 
degree of risk and potential investors should be prepared to sustain a total loss of the purchase price of such 
Notes. Notes are speculative investments, and returns may at times be volatile and losses may occur quickly and 
in unanticipated magnitude. In respect of Reference Item Linked Notes, depending on the particular payout 
conditions (as described in this Prospectus and as specified in the applicable Issue Terms), investors may bear 
the risk of losing some or up to all of their investment depending on the performance of the Reference Items(s) 
to which the Notes are linked.  
Even if the relevant Notes provide for a minimum scheduled amount payable at maturity, investors could still 
lose some or up to all of their investment where (i) the Issuer becomes insolvent or otherwise fails to meet its 
payment (or delivery) obligations under the Notes, (ii) investors are able to sell their Notes prior to maturity (which 
may not be the case, as there may not be a secondary market for them), but the amount they receive is less than 
what they paid for the Notes, (iii) the Notes are redeemed or terminated by the Issuer prior to maturity due to the 
occurrence of one or more specified events as provided in the terms and conditions of the Notes, and the amount 
investors receive on such early redemption or termination is less than what they paid for the Notes or (iv) the

--- Page 3 ---
iii 
 
terms and conditions of the Notes are unilaterally adjusted by the Issuer due to the occurrence of one or more 
specified events as described in the terms and conditions of the Notes, resulting in a reduced return.  
In addition, the Issuer is a domestic systemically important bank and is subject to Canada’s bank recapitalization 
regime for banks or “Bail-in Regime” (as more fully described in the section entitled “Canadian Bank Resolution 
Powers” herein), which would apply if the relevant Canadian authorities are of the opinion that the Issuer has 
ceased, or is about to cease, to be viable and viability cannot be restored or preserved. Notes that are Bail-inable 
Notes (as defined below) are subject to conversion in whole or in part, by means of a transaction or series of 
transactions and in one or more steps, into common shares of the Issuer or any of its affiliates under subsection 
39.2(2.3) of the Canada Deposit Insurance Corporation Act (Canada) (the “CDIC Act”) and to variation or 
extinguishment in consequence, and are subject to the application of the laws of the Province of Ontario and the 
federal laws of Canada applicable therein in respect of the operation of the CDIC Act with respect to the Bail-
inable Notes. See Condition 3(b) and the discussion under the risk factors included under “Risk Factors – Factors 
which are material for the purpose of assessing the bail-in risks associated with Notes issued under the 
Programme - Risks related to Bail-inable Notes”.  The applicable Issue Terms will indicate whether the Notes are 
Bail-inable Notes.   
Under the Bail-in Regime (as defined herein), in certain circumstances, amending or extending the term to maturity of 
Notes which would otherwise not be Bail-inable Notes because they were issued before September 23, 2018, would mean 
those Notes could be subject to a Bail-in Conversion.  The Issuer does not intend to amend or re-open a Series of Notes 
where such re-opening could have the effect of making the relevant Notes subject to Bail-in Conversion. 
 
CIBC Capital Markets 
 
The date of this Prospectus is 10 May 2022 (the "Approval Date").

--- Page 4 ---
1 
 
RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Prospectus and the Final Terms 
for each Tranche of Notes issued under the Programme. To the best of the knowledge of the Issuer, 
the information contained in this Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and this Prospectus makes 
no omission likely to affect its import.  
IMPORTANT NOTICES 
DENOMINATIONS 
Notes shall have a minimum Specified Denomination (as defined herein) of not less than €1,000 (or 
its equivalent in any other currency as at the date of issue of the Notes).  
In the case of Rule 144A Notes, the minimum denomination shall not be less than US$200,000 (or its 
equivalent in another currency at the date of issue of the Notes), and in the case of Definitive N 
Registered Notes, as defined herein, the minimum denomination shall not be less than €200,000 (or 
its equivalent in another currency at the date of issue of the Notes). 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO PUBLIC OFFERS OF NOTES IN THE UNITED 
KINGDOM 
No UK Public Offer (as defined below) of Notes may be made in the United Kingdom.  
Tranches of Notes with a denomination of less than €100,000 (or its equivalent in other 
currencies) may be offered under this Prospectus.  AN OFFER OF NOTES WHICH HAVE A 
MINIMUM DENOMINATION OF LESS THAN €100,000 (OR EQUIVALENT IN ANOTHER 
CURRENCY) MAY ONLY BE MADE IN THE UNITED KINGDOM TO A LEGAL ENTITY WHICH IS 
A QUALIFIED INVESTOR AS DEFINED IN THE UK PROSPECTUS REGULATION OR IN OTHER 
CIRCUMSTANCES FALLING WITHIN ARTICLE 1(4) OF THE UK PROSPECTUS REGULATION.   
The Issuer does not consent for this Prospectus to be used in relation to offers of Notes in the United 
Kingdom with a denomination of less than €100,000 other than offers to qualified investors (as defined 
in the UK Prospectus Regulation) or in other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the UK 
Prospectus Regulation. None of the Issuer or any Dealer has authorized, nor do they authorize, the 
subsequent resale or final placement of such Notes in the United Kingdom by financial intermediaries 
(a “UK Public Offer”) and the Issuer has not consented to the use of this Prospectus by any other 
person in connection with any UK Public Offer of Notes. Any UK Public Offer made without the 
consent of the Issuer is unauthorized and neither the Issuer nor any Dealer accepts any 
responsibility or liability for the actions of the persons making any such unauthorized offer.  If 
the Investor is in any doubt about whether it can rely on this Prospectus and/or who is responsible for 
its contents it should take legal advice. 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO NON-EXEMPT OFFERS OF NOTES 
 IN THE EEA 
Restrictions on Non-exempt offers of Notes in Relevant Member States 
Certain Tranches of Notes with a denomination of less than €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other 
currency) may be offered in circumstances where there is no exemption from the obligation under the 
Prospectus Regulation to publish a prospectus.  Any such offer is referred to as a “Non-exempt Offer”.  
This Prospectus has been prepared on a basis that permits Non-exempt Offers of Notes.  However, 
any person making or intending to make a Non-exempt Offer of Notes in any Member State of the 
European Economic Area (each, a “Relevant Member State”) may only do so if this Prospectus has 
been approved by the competent authority in that Relevant Member State (or, where appropriate, 
approved in another Relevant Member State and notified to the competent authority in that Relevant 
Member State) and published in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation, provided that the Issuer 
has consented to the use of this Prospectus in connection with such offer as provided under “Consent 
given in accordance with Article 5(1) of the Prospectus Regulation (Retail Cascades)” and the

--- Page 5 ---
2 
 
conditions attached to that consent are complied with by the person making the Non-exempt Offer of 
such Notes. 
Consent given in accordance with Article 5(1) of the Prospectus Regulation (Retail Cascades) 
In the context of a Non-exempt Offer of Notes, the Issuer accepts responsibility, in each Relevant 
Member State for which the consent to use this Prospectus extends, for the content of this Prospectus 
in relation to any person (an “Investor”) who purchases Notes in a Non-exempt Offer made by any 
person (an “offeror”) to whom the Issuer has given consent to the use of this Prospectus in that 
connection, provided that the conditions attached to that consent are complied with by the relevant 
offeror (an “Authorised Offeror”).  The consent and conditions attached to it are set out below. 
Neither the Issuer nor any Dealer makes any representation as to the compliance by an Authorised 
Offeror with any applicable conduct of business rules or other applicable regulatory or securities law 
requirements in relation to any Non-exempt Offer and neither the Issuer nor any of the Dealers has 
any responsibility or liability for the actions of that Authorised Offeror. 
Except in the circumstances set out in the following paragraphs, neither the Issuer nor any Dealer has 
authorised the making of any Non-exempt Offer by any offeror and the Issuer has not consented to 
the use of this Prospectus by any other person in connection with any Non-exempt Offer of Notes.  
Any Non-exempt Offer made without the consent of the Issuer is unauthorised and neither the Issuer 
nor any Dealer accepts any responsibility or liability for the actions of the persons making any such 
unauthorised offer.   
If, in the context of a Non-exempt Offer, an Investor is offered Notes by a person who is not an 
Authorised Offeror, the Investor should check with that person whether anyone is responsible for this 
Prospectus in the context of the Non-exempt Offer and, if so, who that person is.  If the Investor is in 
any doubt about whether it can rely on this Prospectus and/or who is responsible for its contents, the 
Investor should take legal advice. 
In connection with each Tranche of Notes, and provided that the applicable Final Terms specifies an 
Offer Period, the Issuer consents to the use of this Prospectus (as supplemented as at the relevant 
time, if applicable) in connection with a Non-exempt Offer of such Notes, subject to the following 
conditions: 
(i) 
the consent is only valid during the Offer Period so specified; 
(ii) 
the only offerors authorised to use this Prospectus to make the Non-exempt Offer of 
the relevant Tranche of Notes are the Managers or relevant Dealers specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, and: 
(a)  
if the applicable Final Terms names financial intermediaries authorised to 
make such Non-exempt Offers, the financial intermediaries so named; and/or 
(b) 
if specified in the applicable Final Terms, any financial intermediary which is 
authorised to make such offers under MiFID II and which has been authorised 
directly or indirectly by the Issuer or any of the Managers (on behalf of the 
Issuer) to make such offers, provided that such financial intermediary states 
on its website (I) that it has been duly appointed as a financial intermediary to 
offer the relevant Tranche of Notes during the Offer Period, (II) it is relying on 
this Prospectus for such Non-exempt Offer with the consent of the Issuer and 
(III) the conditions attached to that consent; 
(iii) 
the consent only extends to the use of this Prospectus to make Non-exempt Offers of 
the relevant Tranche of Notes in each Public Offer Jurisdiction (as defined below) 
specified in paragraph 13 of Part B of the applicable Final Terms; and 
(iv) 
the consent is subject to any other conditions set out in paragraph 13 of Part B of the 
applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 6 ---
3 
 
Any offeror falling within sub-paragraph (ii)(b) above who meets all of the other conditions 
stated above and who wishes to use this Prospectus in connection with a Non-exempt Offer is 
required, for the duration of the relevant Offer Period, to publish on its website (i) that it has 
been duly appointed as a financial intermediary to offer the relevant Tranche of Notes during 
the Offer Period, (ii) it is relying on this Prospectus for such Non-exempt Offer with the consent 
of the Issuer and (iii) the conditions attached to that consent.  The consent referred to above 
relates to Offer Periods occurring within twelve months from the date of this Prospectus. 
Public Offer Jurisdictions 
The Issuer may request the CSSF to provide a certificate of approval in accordance with Article 25 
of the Prospectus Regulation (a “passport”) in relation to the passporting of this Prospectus to the 
competent authorities of The Netherlands, Belgium and France (the “Host Member States”).  Even 
if the Issuer passports this Prospectus into the Host Member States, it does not mean that the Issuer 
will choose to consent to any Non-exempt Offer in any such Host Member State or Luxembourg 
(together, the “Public Offer Jurisdictions”).  Investors should refer to the Final Terms for any issue 
of Notes for the Public Offer Jurisdictions the Issuer may have selected as such Notes may only be 
offered to Investors as part of a Non-exempt Offer in the other Public Offer Jurisdictions, in each 
case as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
AN INVESTOR INTENDING TO ACQUIRE OR ACQUIRING ANY NOTES IN A NON-EXEMPT 
OFFER FROM AN AUTHORISED OFFEROR WILL DO SO, AND OFFERS AND SALES OF SUCH 
NOTES TO AN INVESTOR BY SUCH AUTHORISED OFFEROR WILL BE MADE, IN 
ACCORDANCE WITH ANY TERMS AND OTHER ARRANGEMENTS IN PLACE BETWEEN SUCH 
AUTHORISED OFFEROR AND SUCH INVESTOR, INCLUDING AS TO PRICE, ALLOCATIONS, 
EXPENSES AND SETTLEMENT ARRANGEMENTS.  THE ISSUER WILL NOT BE A PARTY TO 
ANY SUCH TERMS AND ARRANGEMENTS WITH SUCH INVESTORS IN CONNECTION WITH 
THE NON-EXEMPT OFFER, OR SALE OF THE NOTES CONCERNED AND, ACCORDINGLY, THIS 
PROSPECTUS AND ANY FINAL TERMS WILL NOT CONTAIN SUCH INFORMATION.  THE 
FINANCIAL INTERMEDIARY WILL PROVIDE INFORMATION TO INVESTORS ON THE TERMS 
AND CONDITIONS OF THE OFFER AT THE TIME THE OFFER IS MADE. THE RELEVANT 
AUTHORISED OFFEROR WILL BE RESPONSIBLE FOR SUCH INFORMATION.  NEITHER THE 
ISSUER NOR ANY DEALER (EXCEPT WHERE SUCH DEALER IS THE RELEVANT AUTHORISED 
OFFEROR) HAS ANY RESPONSIBILITY OR LIABILITY TO AN INVESTOR IN RESPECT OF SUCH 
INFORMATION. 
Save as provided above, no Issuer nor any Dealer has authorised, nor do they authorise, the making 
of any Non-exempt Offer of Notes in circumstances in which an obligation arises for the Issuer or any 
Dealer to publish or supplement a prospectus for such offer. 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO STRUCTURED NOTES 
The Issuer may issue Notes with principal, premium, interest or amounts deliverable determined by 
reference to an index or formula, to changes in the prices of securities or commodities, to movements 
in currency exchange rates or other financial variables (each, a “Reference Item”). 
An investment in Notes is subject to a number of risks, as described in the section of this Prospectus 
entitled "Risk Factors" below. Notes are speculative investments, and returns may at times be volatile 
and losses may occur quickly and in unanticipated magnitude. Depending on the particular "Payout 
Conditions" (as described in this Prospectus and as specified in the applicable Issue Terms), investors 
may bear the risk of losing some or up to all of their investment depending on the performance of the 
Reference Item(s) to which their Notes are linked. Even if the relevant Notes provide for a minimum 
scheduled amount payable at maturity, investors could still lose some or up to all of their investment 
where (i) the Issuer becomes insolvent or otherwise fails to meet its payment (or delivery) obligations 
under the Notes, (ii) investors are able to sell their Notes prior to maturity (which may not be the case, 
as there may not be a secondary market for them), but the amount the investor receives is less than 
what the investor paid for them, (iii) the Notes are redeemed or terminated by the Issuer prior to their 
maturity due to the occurrence of one or more specified events as provided in the terms and conditions 
of the Notes, and the amount an investor receives on such early redemption or termination is less than 
what they paid for the Notes or (iv) the terms and conditions of an investor’s Notes are unilaterally

--- Page 7 ---
4 
 
adjusted by the Issuer due to the occurrence of one or more specified events as described in the terms 
and conditions of the Notes, resulting in a reduced return.  
An investor should not acquire any Notes unless they (whether by themselves or in conjunction with 
their financial adviser) understand the nature of the relevant Notes and the extent of their exposure to 
potential loss on the Notes, and any investment in Notes must be consistent with their overall 
investment strategy. An investor (whether by themselves or in conjunction with their financial adviser) 
should consider carefully whether the particular Notes are suitable for them in the light of their 
investment objectives, financial capabilities and expertise. Investors should consult their own legal, 
tax, accountancy, regulatory, investment and other professional advisers as may be required to assist 
them in determining the suitability of the Notes for them as an investment. They should read, in 
particular, the section of this Prospectus entitled "Risk Factors" for important information prior to 
making any decision to purchase Notes. 
THE AMOUNT PAYABLE OR DELIVERABLE ON REDEMPTION OF STRUCTURED NOTES MAY 
BE LESS THAN THE ORIGINAL INVESTED AMOUNT (AND IN SOME CASES MAY BE ZERO), IN 
WHICH CASE YOU MAY LOSE SOME OR ALL OF YOUR ORIGINAL INVESTMENT. 
INVESTING IN NOTES INVOLVES CERTAIN RISKS, AND YOU SHOULD FULLY UNDERSTAND 
THESE BEFORE YOU INVEST. SEE THE SECTION HEADED ‘RISK FACTORS’ BELOW. 
The applicable Issue Terms may (if applicable) contain information relating to Reference Item(s) to 
which the relevant Notes relate and which is contained in such Issue Terms. The applicable Issue 
Terms will specify the nature of the responsibility (if any) taken by the Issuer for the information relating 
to Reference Items to which the relevant Notes relate and which is contained in such Issue Terms. 
However, unless otherwise expressly stated in the applicable Issue Terms, any information contained 
therein relating to Reference Item(s) will only consist of extracts from, or summaries of, information 
contained in financial and other information released publicly by the issuer, owner or sponsor, as the 
case may be, of such Reference Item(s).  The Issuer will, unless otherwise expressly stated in the 
applicable Issue Terms, confirm that such extracts or summaries have been accurately reproduced 
and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information published by the issuer, owner 
or sponsor, as the case may be, of such Reference Item(s), no facts have been omitted that would 
render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.  
UNAUTHORIZED INFORMATION 
No person has been authorized to give any information or to make any representation other than those 
contained in this Prospectus in connection with the issue or sale of the Notes and, if given or made, 
such information or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorized by the Issuer or 
any Dealer.  Neither the delivery of this Prospectus or any Issue Terms nor any offering or sale made 
in connection herewith shall, under any circumstances, create any implication that there has been no 
adverse change in the affairs or financial condition of the Issuer since the date hereof or the date upon 
which this Prospectus has been most recently amended or supplemented by a Supplement (as defined 
below) or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is correct as of any 
time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the document 
containing the same. 
INDEPENDENT EVALUATION 
No Dealer has independently verified the information contained in this Prospectus. No Dealer makes 
any representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, or accepts any responsibility or 
liability, with respect to the accuracy or completeness of any of the information in or incorporated by 
reference in this Prospectus.  
Neither this Prospectus, nor any Issue Terms, nor any financial statements or any other information 
supplied in relation to the Programme or any Notes are intended to provide the basis of any credit or 
other evaluation and should not be considered as a recommendation by any of the Issuer or any Dealer 
that any recipient of this Prospectus, any Issue Terms, any such financial statements or any other 
information supplied in relation to the Programme or any Notes should purchase any Notes. Each 
potential purchaser of Notes should determine for itself the relevance of the information contained in 
or incorporated by reference in this Prospectus and the applicable Issue Terms and its purchase of 
Notes should be based upon such investigation as it deems necessary. Any purchaser of the Notes is

--- Page 8 ---
5 
 
deemed by its purchase to acknowledge that it is relying solely on the information contained herein or 
incorporated by reference herein and on its own investigations in making its investment decision and 
is not relying on any Dealer in any manner whatsoever in relation to its investigation of the Issuer or in 
relation to such investment decision, including the merits and risks involved.   
Neither this Prospectus nor any other information supplied in relation to the Programme or any Notes 
constitutes an offer or an invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer or any Dealer or any other person to 
subscribe for or purchase the Notes. In making an investment decision, investors must rely on their 
own examination of the Issuer and the terms of the Notes being offered, including the merits and risks 
involved. 
None of the Dealers or the Issuer makes any representation to any investor in the Notes regarding the 
legality of its investment under any applicable laws. Any investor in the Notes should satisfy itself that 
it is able to bear the economic risk of an investment in the Notes for an indefinite period of time. 
CURRENCY OF INFORMATION 
Neither the delivery of this Prospectus or any Issue Terms nor any offering, sale or delivery of any 
Notes made in connection herewith shall, under any circumstances, create any implication that there 
has been no adverse change in the affairs or financial condition of the Issuer since the date hereof or 
that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is correct as of any time 
subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the document 
containing the same. No Dealer undertakes to review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuer 
during the life of the Programme or to advise any investor or potential investor in the Notes of any 
information coming to their attention. No Dealer accepts liability in relation to the information contained 
herein or incorporated by reference herein or any other information provided by the Issuer in 
connection with the Notes. 
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
Information contained in this Prospectus which is sourced from a third party has been accurately 
reproduced and, as far as the Issuer is aware and able to ascertain from information published by the 
relevant third party, no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information 
inaccurate or misleading.  The Issuer has also identified the source(s) of such information.  
IMPORTANT INFORMATION REGARDING USE OF THIS PROSPECTUS AND OFFERS OF 
NOTES  
This Prospectus does not constitute, and may not be used for the purposes of, an offer to sell or the 
solicitation of an offer to buy any Notes in any jurisdiction in which such offer or solicitation is not 
authorized or to any person to whom it is unlawful to make such offer or solicitation. This Prospectus 
may only be used for the purposes for which it has been published.  
The distribution of this Prospectus and any Issue Terms and the offering or sale of the Notes in certain 
jurisdictions may be restricted by law. None of the Issuer or any Dealers represents that this 
Prospectus may be lawfully distributed, or that any Notes may be lawfully offered, in compliance with 
any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption 
available thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or offer.  In 
particular, unless specifically indicated to the contrary in the applicable Issue Terms, no action has 
been taken by the Issuer or the Dealers which would permit a public offering of the Notes or distribution 
of this Prospectus (or any part of it) in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required.  
Accordingly, the Notes may not be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and neither this Prospectus 
nor any advertisement or other offering material may be distributed or published in any jurisdiction, 
except under circumstances that will result in compliance with any applicable laws and regulations.  
Persons into whose possession this Prospectus (or any part of it), any Issue Terms or any Notes come 
must inform themselves about and observe any such restriction on the distribution of this Prospectus 
or any Issue Terms and the offering and sale of Notes.  In particular, there are restrictions on offers, 
sales and deliveries of Notes and on the distribution of this Prospectus or any Issue Terms and other 
offering material relating to the Notes in Canada, the United States, the European Economic Area

--- Page 9 ---
6 
 
(including Belgium, The Netherlands and Italy), the United Kingdom, Switzerland, Japan, Hong Kong, 
Singapore, Taiwan, PRC, Australia, New Zealand, United Arab Emirates (excluding the Dubai 
International Financial Centre) and Dubai International Financial Centre and such other restrictions as 
may be required in connection with the offering and sale of a particular series of Notes (see 
“Subscription and Sale”). 
Notes in bearer form are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered 
within the United States or its possessions or to United States persons, except in certain transactions 
permitted by U.S. tax regulations.  
The contents of this document have not been reviewed by any regulatory authority in Hong Kong.  
Prospective investors are advised to exercise caution in relation to the offering of Notes.  If prospective 
investors are in any doubt about any of the contents of this document, independent professional advice 
should be obtained. 
The Notes may not be offered, sold or delivered, directly or indirectly, in Canada or to or for the benefit 
of residents of Canada in contravention of the securities laws of Canada or any province or territory 
thereof or without the Issuer’s prior consent. Neither this Prospectus nor any Issue Terms may be used 
for the purpose of an offer or solicitation by anyone in any jurisdiction in which such offer or solicitation 
is not authorized or to any person to whom it is unlawful to make such an offer or solicitation.  
PRIIPs / IMPORTANT – PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS  
If the Issue Terms in respect of any Notes includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA 
Retail Investors", the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and 
should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic 
Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail 
client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 
(EU) 2016/97, as amended, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined 
in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus 
Regulation. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 
(as amended, the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes 
or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs 
Regulation. 
MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET   
The Issue Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled “MiFID II Product Governance” 
which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for 
distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending 
the Notes (for purposes of  this paragraph, a “distributor”) should take into consideration the target 
market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own 
target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID 
Product Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the “MiFID Product Governance 
Rules”), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but 
otherwise neither the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the 
purpose of the MiFID Product Governance Rules.  
PRIIPs / IMPORTANT – PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS  
If the Issue Terms in respect of any Notes includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors", such Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should 
not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the UK. For these purposes, 
a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of 
Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; 
or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act, 2000

--- Page 10 ---
7 
 
(as amended, the "FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive 
(EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of 
Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; 
or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the UK Prospectus Regulation.  Consequently, no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law 
by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling 
the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under 
the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
UK MiFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE – TARGET MARKET   
The Issue Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled "UK MiFIR Product 
Governance" which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which 
channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a "UK distributor") should take into consideration the target market 
assessment; however, a UK distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product 
Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking 
its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target 
market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR  
Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a UK manufacturer in respect of 
such Notes, but otherwise neither the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a UK 
manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MIFIR Product Governance Rules. 
NOTIFICATION UNDER SECTION 309B(1)(C) OF THE SECURITIES AND FUTURES ACT 2001 OF 
SINGAPORE (AS MODIFIED OR AMENDED FROM TIME TO TIME, THE “SFA”)  
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Issue Terms in respect of any Notes, all Notes issued or to 
be issued under the Programme shall be prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the 
Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018) and Excluded Investment 
Products (as defined in Monetary Authority of Singapore (“MAS”) Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the 
Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment 
Products). 
BENCHMARKS REGULATION  
Amounts payable under Notes to be issued under the Programme may be calculated by reference to 
certain reference rates, an index or a combination of indices. Any such reference rate or index may 
constitute a benchmark for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (the "EU Benchmarks 
Regulation") and/or Regulation (EU) No 2016/1011 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of 
the EUWA (the "UK Benchmarks Regulation"). If any such reference rate or index does constitute 
such a benchmark, the applicable Final Terms will indicate whether or not the benchmark is provided 
by an administrator included in the register of administrators and benchmarks established and 
maintained by the European Securities and Markets Authority ("ESMA") and/or the Financial Conduct 
Authority ("FCA") pursuant to Article 36 (Register of administrators and benchmarks) of the EU 
Benchmarks Regulation and/or as Article 36 (Register of administrators and benchmarks) of the UK 
Benchmarks Regulation, respectively. Not every reference rate or index will fall within the scope of the 
EU Benchmarks Regulation or the UK Benchmarks Regulation. Transitional provisions in the EU 
Benchmarks Regulation and the UK Benchmarks Regulation may have the result that the administrator 
of a particular benchmark is not required to appear in the applicable register of administrators and 
benchmarks at the date of the applicable Final Terms. The registration status of any administrator 
under the EU Benchmarks Regulation and the UK Benchmarks Regulation is a matter of public record 
and, save where required by applicable law, the Issuer does not intend to update any applicable Final 
Terms to reflect any change in the registration status of the administrator.

--- Page 11 ---
8 
 
CREDIT RATINGS 
The credit ratings of the Issuer included and referenced in this Prospectus are assigned by Moody’s 
Investors Service, Inc. (“Moody’s USA”), Standard & Poor’s Financial Services LLC (“S&P USA”), 
Fitch Ratings, Inc. (“Fitch”) and DBRS Limited (“DBRS”).   
None of S&P USA, Moody's USA, Fitch or DBRS is established in the European Union or in the UK or 
has applied for registration under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (the "EU CRA Regulation") or the 
Credit Rating Agencies (Amendment etc.) (EU Exit) Regulations 2019 (the "UK CRA Regulation" and 
together with the EU CRA Regulation, the "CRA Regulations")), respectively. However, S&P Global 
Ratings Europe Limited has endorsed the ratings of S&P USA, Moody's Deutschland GmbH has 
endorsed the ratings of Moody's USA, Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited has endorsed the ratings of Fitch 
and DBRS Ratings GmbH has endorsed the ratings of DBRS.  Each of S&P Global Ratings Europe 
Limited, Moody's Deutschland GmbH, Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited and DBRS Ratings GmbH is 
established in the European Union and is registered under the EU CRA Regulation.  Standard & Poor's 
Global Ratings UK Limited has endorsed the ratings of S&P USA, Moody's Investors Service Ltd. has 
endorsed the ratings of Moody's USA, Fitch Ratings Limited has endorsed the ratings of Fitch and 
DBRS Ratings Limited has endorsed the ratings of DBRS. Each of Standard & Poor's Global Ratings 
UK Limited, Moody's Investors Service Ltd., Fitch Ratings Limited and DBRS Ratings Limited is 
established in the UK and is registered under the UK CRA Regulation. Credit ratings may be adjusted 
over time and there is no assurance that any credit ratings will be effective after the date of the 
document in which they appear. 
Tranches of Notes may be rated or unrated. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, such rating will be 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, however, such rating will not necessarily be the same as the 
ratings assigned to the Programme, the Issuer or to Notes already issued.  
Whether or not each credit rating applied for in relation to the relevant Tranche of Notes will be issued 
by a credit rating agency established in the European Union or in the UK or registered under the EU 
CRA Regulation or the UK CRA Regulation will be disclosed in the applicable Issue Terms. 
In general, European and UK regulated investors are restricted under the CRA Regulations from using 
credit ratings for regulatory purposes, unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating agency 
established in the EU or the UK and registered under the applicable CRA Regulation (and such 
registration has not been withdrawn or suspended) subject to transitional provisions that apply in 
certain circumstances whilst the registration application is pending. Such general restriction will also 
apply in the case of credit ratings issued by non-EU and non-UK credit rating agencies, unless the 
relevant credit ratings are endorsed by an EU or UK registered credit rating agency or the relevant 
non-EU or non-UK rating agency is certified in accordance with the applicable CRA Regulation (and 
such endorsement action or certification, as the case may be, has not been withdrawn or suspended). 
ESMA is obliged to maintain on its website a list of credit rating agencies registered in accordance with 
the EU CRA Regulation. This list must be updated within five working days of ESMA's adoption of any 
decision to withdraw the registration of a credit rating agency under the EU CRA Regulation.  The list 
of registered and certified rating agencies published by ESMA on its website in accordance with the 
EU CRA Regulation is not conclusive evidence of the status of the relevant rating agency included in 
such list, as there may be delays between certain supervisory measures being taken against a relevant 
rating agency and the publication of the updated ESMA list. 
The FCA is obliged to maintain on its website a list of credit rating agencies registered in accordance 
with the UK CRA Regulation. The list of registered and certified rating agencies published by the FCA 
on its website in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation is not conclusive evidence of the status of 
the relevant rating agency included in such list, as there may be delays between certain supervisory 
measures being taken against a relevant rating agency and the publication of the updated FCA list. 
A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, 
reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. There is no assurance that the 
rating of a Tranche of Notes will remain for any given period of time or that the rating will not be lowered 
or withdrawn by the rating agencies if in their judgment circumstances so warrant. Investors are 
cautioned to evaluate each rating independently of any other rating.

--- Page 12 ---
9 
 
FORMS OF NOTES 
The Notes are issued in series (each, a “Series”), and each Series may comprise one or more tranches 
(“Tranches” and each, a “Tranche”) of Notes. 
Notes may be issued in bearer form or in registered form.  Each Tranche of Notes in bearer form will 
be represented on issue by a temporary global note in bearer form (each a “temporary Global Note”) 
or a permanent global note in bearer form (each a “permanent Global Note” and together with a 
temporary Global Note, collectively referred to as “Global Notes”). The temporary Global Note 
representing the interest in a Tranche of Notes will be exchangeable, in whole or in part, for a 
permanent Global Note, or if so indicated in the applicable Issue Terms (as defined herein), definitive 
Notes (“Definitive Notes”), representing such interest on or after the day that is 40 days after the later 
of the commencement of the offering of the particular Tranche and the relevant issue date, upon 
certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership.  
Global Notes in bearer form which are stated in the applicable Issue Terms to be issued in new global 
note (“NGN”) form will be delivered on or prior to the issue date of the relevant Tranche to a common 
safekeeper (the “Common Safekeeper”) for Euroclear Bank SA/NV (“Euroclear”) and/or Clearstream 
Banking S.A. (“Clearstream, Luxembourg”). Global Notes in bearer form which are stated in the 
applicable Issue Terms not to be issued in NGN form may be deposited on the issue date of the 
relevant Tranche with a common depositary on behalf of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or 
any other agreed clearing system. 
Each Tranche of a Series of Notes in registered form (other than Definitive N Registered Notes) will 
be represented by registered certificates (each a “Certificate”), one Certificate being issued in respect 
of each Noteholder’s entire holding of Registered Notes of one Series.  Registered Notes, other than 
Definitive N Registered Notes, which are sold in an “offshore transaction” within the meaning of 
Regulation S under the Securities Act, will initially be represented by a permanent registered global 
certificate (each an “Unrestricted Global Certificate”).  Global Certificates (as defined below) which 
are held in Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (or any other agreed clearing system) will be 
registered in the name of a nominee for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (or any other agreed 
clearing system), or a common nominee for both, and the respective Global Certificate(s) will be 
delivered to the appropriate depositary or, as the case may be, a common depositary. 
Notes may also be issued in the form of Registered Notes in definitive form made out in the name of 
a specific creditor governed by German law (the “Definitive N Registered Notes”) 
(Namensschuldverschreibungen).  Definitive N Registered Notes will not be admitted to listing, trading 
and/or quotation by any competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system. 
Rule 144A Notes will initially be represented by a permanent registered global certificate (each a 
“Restricted Global Certificate” and, together with the Unrestricted Global Certificate, the “Global 
Certificates”), which will be deposited on the issue date with a custodian for, and registered in the 
name of Cede & Co. as nominee for, The Depository Trust Company (“DTC”). Beneficial interests in a 
Restricted Global Certificate will be shown on, and transfers thereof will be effected only through, 
records maintained by DTC and its participants, including Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg.   
The provisions governing the exchange of interests in Global Notes and Global Certificates for other 
Global Notes and/or Global Certificates and definitive Notes are described in “Overview of Provisions 
Relating to the Notes while in Global Form”. 
The price and amount of Notes to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the Issuer 
and the relevant Dealers at the time of issuance in accordance with prevailing market conditions. 
NOTICE REGARDING RESTRICTIONS UNDER U.S. FEDERAL SECURITIES LAWS 
This Prospectus may be distributed on a confidential basis in the United States only to QIBs solely in 
connection with the consideration of the purchase of the Rule 144A Notes being offered hereby. Its 
use for any other purpose in the United States is not authorized. It may not be copied or reproduced 
in whole or in part nor may it be distributed or any of its contents disclosed to anyone other than the 
prospective investors to whom it is originally submitted.

--- Page 13 ---
10 
 
Registered Notes may be offered or sold within the United States only to QIBs in transactions exempt 
from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Each prospective U.S. purchaser of Registered 
Notes is hereby notified that the offer and sale of any Registered Notes to it may be made in reliance 
upon the exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act provided by Rule 144A.  
Bearer Notes may not be offered or sold within the United States. 
Each purchaser or holder of Notes represented by a Rule 144A Global Note or any Notes issued in 
registered form in exchange or substitution therefor (together “Restricted Notes”) will be deemed, by 
its acceptance or purchase of any such Restricted Notes, to have made certain representations and 
agreements intended to restrict the resale or other transfer of such Notes as set out in “Subscription 
and Sale” and “Transfer and Selling Restrictions”. Unless otherwise stated, terms used in this 
paragraph have the meanings given to them in “Form of the Notes”. 
AVAILABLE INFORMATION UNDER RULE 144A 
For so long as any of the Notes are “restricted securities” within the meaning of Rule 144(a)(3) under 
the Securities Act, the Issuer will, during any period in which it is not subject to Section 13 or Section 
15(d) of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”), nor exempt 
from reporting under the Exchange Act pursuant to Rule 12g3-2(b) thereunder, make available to any 
holder or beneficial owner of a Note, or to any prospective purchaser of a Note or beneficial interest 
therein designated by such holder or beneficial owner, the information specified in, and meeting the 
requirements of, Rule 144A(d)(4) under the Securities Act. 
SUPPLEMENTS 
This Prospectus may be supplemented from time to time to reflect any significant new factor, material 
mistake or material inaccuracy relating to the information included in it. The obligation to supplement 
this Prospectus in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy 
relating to the information included in it does not apply when this Prospectus is no longer valid. 
BANK ACT (CANADA) NOTICE 
Notes issued by the Issuer do not evidence or constitute deposits that are insured under the CDIC Act. 
BRANCH OF ACCOUNT 
The Issuer will issue Notes that evidence deposit liabilities under the Bank Act (Canada) either through 
its main branch in Toronto or through another branch, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms.  For 
each issue of Notes, the Issuer will designate a “branch of account” (a “Branch of Account”) in the 
applicable Issue Terms for purposes of the Bank Act (Canada) (the “Bank Act”).  Irrespective of the 
Branch of Account designation, the Issuer is (a) the legal entity that is the issuer of the Notes and (b) 
the legal entity obligated to repay the Notes.  The Issuer is the only legal entity that will issue Notes 
pursuant to this Prospectus. The determination by the Issuer of the Branch of Account for Notes will 
be based on various considerations, including, without limitation, those relating to (i) the market or 
jurisdiction into which the Notes are being issued, based on factors including investors’ preferences in 
a specific market or jurisdiction, (ii) specific regulatory requirements, such as a regulator requiring that 
a branch increase its liquidity through locally sourced funding, or (iii) specific tax implications that would 
affect the Issuer or investors, such as the imposition of a new tax if an alternative branch was used, in 
relation to which please see further details in the Section entitled “Taxation”.  A branch of the Issuer is 
not a subsidiary of the Issuer, or a separate legal entity from the Issuer.  Notes issued by any Branch 
of Account are obligations of the Issuer. 
DEFINITIONS 
Unless otherwise specified, all references in this Prospectus to (a) the "Prospectus Regulation" refer 
to Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended; and (b) the "UK Prospectus Regulation" refer to the 
Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (as amended, the "EUWA"). Unless the context otherwise requires, references 
in this Prospectus to the Prospectus Regulation shall also include the Prospectus Regulation as it 
forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA.

--- Page 14 ---
11 
 
In this Prospectus, references to:  
(a) the “European Economic Area” or “EEA” are to the Member States of the European Union 
together with Iceland, Norway and Liechtenstein; and 
(b) a “branch” means a branch of CIBC, unless the context otherwise requires.  Notes issued by 
any branch are obligations of CIBC. 
Unless otherwise specified or the context otherwise requires, references to “U.S. dollars”, and “US$” 
are to United States dollars, references to “C$” are to Canadian dollars, references to “sterling”, and 
“£” are to British pounds sterling, references to “Yen” are to Japanese yen and references to “€” and 
“euro” are to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of the European economic and 
monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union as amended.  
In the documents incorporated by reference in this Prospectus, unless otherwise specified or the 
context otherwise requires, references to “$” are to Canadian dollars. 
STABILIZATION 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) appointed as 
stabilizing manager(s) (the “Stabilizing Manager(s)”) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilizing 
Manager(s)) may over-allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of 
the Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However, stabilization may not 
necessarily occur. Any stabilization action or over-allotment may begin on or after the date on which 
adequate public disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is made and, if 
begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date 
of the relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche of 
Notes.  Any stabilization action or over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant Stabilizing 
Manager(s) (or person(s) acting on behalf of any Stabilizing Manager(s)) in accordance with all 
applicable laws and rules. 
INDEPENDENT DETERMINATION OF LEGALITY AND SUITABILITY OF INVESTMENT  
Investors whose investment authority is subject to legal restrictions should consult their legal 
advisors to determine whether and to what extent the Notes constitute legal investments for 
them. See “Risk Factors – Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments”. 
Each potential investor in the Notes must determine the suitability of that investment in light of his or 
her own circumstances. In particular, each potential investor may wish to consider, either on its own 
or with the help of its financial and other professional investors, whether it: 
 
has sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the 
merits and risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained or incorporated by 
reference in this Prospectus (including any applicable Supplement) and any applicable Issue 
Terms; 
 
has access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its 
particular financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact the Notes will have on 
its overall investment portfolio; 
 
has sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the 
Notes, including Notes with principal or interest payable in one or more currencies, or where 
the Specified Currency or Settlement Currency is different from the potential investor’s 
currency, or Bail-inable Notes which may be converted (in whole or in part) into common 
shares of the Issuer or an affiliate upon a bail-in conversion (as defined in herein); 
(i) 
has knowledge of and access to appropriate analytical resources to analyze quantitatively the 
effect (or value) of any redemption, cap, floor or other features of the Notes and the resulting 
impact upon the value of the Notes;

--- Page 15 ---
12 
 
 
understands thoroughly the terms of the Notes and is familiar with the behaviour of any 
relevant indices and financial markets; and 
 
is able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for 
economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear 
the applicable risks.  
None of the Dealers or the Issuer makes any representation to any investor in the Notes regarding the 
legality of its investment under any applicable laws. Any investor in the Notes should satisfy itself that 
it is able to bear the economic risk of an investment in the Notes for an indefinite period of time. 
The investment activities of certain investors are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or 
review or regulation by certain authorities. Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to 
determine whether and to what extent (1) Notes are legal investments for it, (2) Notes can be used as 
collateral for various types of borrowing and (3) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of 
any Notes.  
Investors are advised that as at the date of this Prospectus (and since April 2018), Notes do not meet 
the eligibility criteria to be recognised as Eurosystem eligible collateral.  Investors who wish to use 
Notes as eligible collateral with the Eurosystem should make their own assessment as to whether the 
Notes meet such Eurosystem eligibility criteria at the relevant time.  Financial institutions should 
consult their legal advisers or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of 
Notes under any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules. 
THE PURCHASE OF NOTES MAY INVOLVE SUBSTANTIAL RISKS 
THE PURCHASE OF NOTES MAY INVOLVE SUBSTANTIAL RISKS AND MAY BE SUITABLE 
ONLY FOR INVESTORS WHO HAVE THE KNOWLEDGE AND EXPERIENCE IN FINANCIAL AND 
BUSINESS MATTERS NECESSARY TO ENABLE THEM TO EVALUATE THE RISKS AND THE 
MERITS OF AN INVESTMENT IN THE NOTES. PRIOR TO MAKING AN INVESTMENT DECISION, 
PROSPECTIVE INVESTORS SHOULD CONSIDER CAREFULLY, IN LIGHT OF THEIR OWN 
FINANCIAL CIRCUMSTANCES AND INVESTMENT OBJECTIVES, (I) ALL THE INFORMATION 
SET FORTH IN THIS PROSPECTUS AND, IN PARTICULAR, THE CONSIDERATIONS SET FORTH 
IN THE SECTION ENTITLED "RISK FACTORS" AND (II) ALL THE INFORMATION SET FORTH IN 
THE APPLICABLE ISSUE TERMS. PROSPECTIVE INVESTORS SHOULD MAKE SUCH 
ENQUIRIES AS THEY DEEM NECESSARY WITHOUT RELYING ON THE ISSUER OR ANY 
DEALER. 
AN INVESTMENT IN NOTES LINKED TO ONE OR MORE REFERENCE ITEMS MAY ENTAIL 
SIGNIFICANT RISKS NOT ASSOCIATED WITH INVESTMENTS IN A CONVENTIONAL DEBT 
SECURITY, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE RISKS SET OUT UNDER THE HEADING 
“RISK FACTORS”. THE AMOUNT PAID BY THE ISSUER ON REDEMPTION OF THE NOTES MAY 
BE LESS THAN THE PURCHASE PRICE OF THE NOTES, TOGETHER WITH ANY ACCRUED 
INTEREST OR ADDITIONAL AMOUNTS (AS APPLICABLE), AND MAY IN CERTAIN 
CIRCUMSTANCES BE ZERO. WHERE THE NOTES ARE REDEEMED BY THE ISSUER BY 
DELIVERY OF REFERENCE ITEM(S), THE VALUE OF THE REFERENCE ITEM(S) MAY BE LESS 
THAN THE PURCHASE PRICE OF THE NOTES, TOGETHER WITH ANY ACCRUED INTEREST 
OR ADDITIONAL AMOUNTS (AS APPLICABLE), AND MAY IN CERTAIN CIRCUMSTANCES BE 
ZERO. 
CERTAIN ISSUES OF NOTES INVOLVE A HIGH DEGREE OF RISK AND POTENTIAL INVESTORS 
SHOULD BE PREPARED TO SUSTAIN A LOSS OF ALL OR PART OF THEIR INVESTMENT.

--- Page 16 ---
13 
 
CAUTIONARY STATEMENT CONCERNING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
This Prospectus and the documents incorporated herein by reference contain forward-looking 
statements within the meaning of certain securities laws.  All such statements are made pursuant to 
the “safe harbour” provisions of, and are intended to be forward-looking statements under applicable 
Canadian and U.S. securities legislation, including the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 
1995. These statements include, but are not limited to, statements CIBC makes about its operations, 
business lines, financial condition, risk management, priorities, targets, ongoing objectives, strategies, 
the regulatory environment in which CIBC operates and outlook for calendar year 2022 and 
subsequent periods.  Forward-looking statements are typically identified by the words “believe”, 
“expect”, “anticipate”, “intend”, “estimate”, “forecast”, “target”, “objective” and other similar expressions 
or future or conditional verbs such as “will”, “should”, “would” and “could”. By their nature, these 
statements require CIBC to make assumptions and are subject to inherent risks and uncertainties that 
may be general or specific. Given the continuing impact of the coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic on 
the global economy, financial markets, and CIBC's business, results of operations, reputation and 
financial condition, there is inherently more uncertainty associated with CIBC's assumptions as 
compared to prior periods. A variety of factors, many of which are beyond CIBC’s control, affect its 
operations, performance and results, and could cause actual results to differ materially from the 
expectations expressed in any of CIBC’s forward-looking statements.  These factors include: the 
occurrence, continuance or intensification of public health emergencies, such as the COVID-19 
pandemic, and any related government policies and actions; credit, market, liquidity, strategic, 
insurance, operational, reputation, conduct and legal, regulatory and environmental risk; currency 
value and interest rate fluctuations, including as a result of market and oil price volatility; the 
effectiveness and adequacy of CIBC’s risk management and valuation models and processes; 
legislative or regulatory developments in the jurisdictions where CIBC operates, including the 
Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development Common Reporting Standard, and 
regulatory reforms in the United Kingdom and Europe, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision’s 
global standards for capital and liquidity reform, and those relating to bank recapitalization legislation 
and the payments system in Canada; amendments to, and interpretations of, risk-based capital 
guidelines and reporting instructions, and interest rate and liquidity regulatory guidance; the resolution 
of legal and regulatory proceedings and related matters; the effect of changes to accounting standards, 
rules and interpretations; changes in CIBC’s estimates of reserves and allowances; changes in tax 
laws; changes to CIBC’s credit ratings; political conditions and developments, including changes 
relating to economic or trade matters; the possible effect on CIBC’s business of international conflicts 
and terrorism; natural disasters, disruptions to public infrastructure and other catastrophic events; 
reliance on third parties to provide components of CIBC’s business infrastructure; potential disruptions 
to CIBC’s information technology systems and services; increasing cyber security risks which may 
include theft or disclosure of assets, unauthorized access to sensitive information, or operational 
disruption; social media risk; losses incurred as a result of internal or external fraud; anti-money 
laundering; the accuracy and completeness of information provided to CIBC concerning clients and 
counterparties; the failure of third parties to comply with their obligations to CIBC and its affiliates or 
associates; intensifying competition from established competitors and new entrants in the financial 
services industry including through internet and mobile banking; technological change; global capital 
market activity; changes in monetary and economic policy; general business and economic conditions 
worldwide, as well as in Canada, the U.S. and other countries where CIBC has operations, including 
increasing Canadian household debt levels and global credit risks; climate change and other 
environmental and social risks; CIBC’s success in developing and introducing new products and 
services, expanding existing distribution channels, developing new distribution channels and realizing 
increased revenue from these channels; changes in client spending and saving habits; CIBC’s ability 
to attract and retain key employees and executives; CIBC’s ability to successfully execute its strategies 
and complete and integrate acquisitions and joint ventures; the risk that expected benefits of an 
acquisition, merger or divestiture will not be realized within the expected time frame or at all; and 
CIBC's ability to anticipate and manage the risks associated with these factors. This list is not 
exhaustive of the factors that may affect any of CIBC’s forward-looking statements. These and other 
factors should be considered carefully and readers should not place undue reliance on CIBC’s forward-
looking statements.  CIBC does not undertake to update any forward-looking statement except as 
required by law. 
Additional information about these factors can be found in the “Risk Factors” section of this Prospectus 
and in the documents incorporated herein by reference.

--- Page 17 ---
14 
 
The forward-looking statements included in this Prospectus are made only as of the date of this 
Prospectus.  Except as may be required by applicable law or stock exchange rules or regulations, 
CIBC expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to release publicly any updates or revisions to 
any forward-looking statement contained herein to reflect any change in CIBC’s expectations with 
regard thereto or any change in events, conditions or circumstances on which any such statement is 
based. New factors emerge from time to time, and it is not possible to predict which will arise. In 
addition, CIBC cannot assess the effect of each factor on its business or the extent to which any factor, 
or combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from those described in any 
forward-looking statement.

--- Page 18 ---
15 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
IMPORTANT NOTICES ........................................................................................................................ 1 
CAUTIONARY STATEMENT CONCERNING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS...................... 13 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME .......................................................................... 16 
RISK FACTORS .................................................................................................................................. 27 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE .......................................................................... 91 
CANADIAN BANK RESOLUTION POWERS...................................................................................... 94 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES .................................................................................... 98 
BELGIAN SECURITIES ANNEX ....................................................................................................... 262 
FORMS OF NOTES .......................................................................................................................... 274 
OVERVIEW OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM .............. 280 
CLEARING AND SETTLEMENT ....................................................................................................... 284 
USE OF PROCEEDS ........................................................................................................................ 287 
CANADIAN IMPERIAL BANK OF COMMERCE ............................................................................... 288 
DESCRIPTION OF TOWER FINANCE LIMITED AND THE REDEEMABLE PREFERENCE SHARES
 ........................................................................................................................................................... 293 
TAXATION ......................................................................................................................................... 294 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ............................................................................................................. 323 
FORM OF THE FINAL TERMS (DENOMINATIONS OF AT LEAST EUR100,000) ......................... 335 
FORM OF THE FINAL TERMS (DENOMINATIONS OF LESS THAN EUR100,000) ...................... 385 
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT – EXEMPT NOTES ONLY ..................................................... 436 
GENERAL INFORMATION ............................................................................................................... 481

--- Page 19 ---
16 
 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
This constitutes a general description of the Programme for purposes of Article 25 of Commission 
Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980. Words and expressions defined in “Forms of the Notes” and 
“Terms and Conditions of the Notes” and in the remainder of this Prospectus shall have the same 
meanings in this overview.  
This general description must be read as an introduction to this Prospectus and any decision 
to invest in any Notes should be based on a consideration of this Prospectus as a whole, 
including any documents incorporated by reference. This general description does not purport 
to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety by, the remainder of this 
Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular Tranche of Notes, the 
relevant Issue Terms. 
Issuer 
Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce (“CIBC” or the “Issuer”). 
CIBC is a Schedule I bank under the Bank Act (Canada) (the “Bank 
Act”) and the Bank Act is its charter.  
CIBC is a leading North American financial institution.  CIBC serves its 
clients through four strategic business units: Canadian Personal and 
Small Business Banking, Canadian Commercial Banking and Wealth 
Management, U.S. Commercial Banking and Wealth Management and 
Capital Markets.  CIBC provides a full range of financial products and 
services to 11 million personal banking, business, public sector and 
institutional clients in Canada, the U.S. and around the world. 
Legal Entity Identifier 
2IGI19DL77OX0HC3ZE78 
Description 
Note Issuance Programme (the “Programme”). 
Size 
Up to US$7,500,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies at the 
date of issue) aggregate principal amount of Notes outstanding at any 
one time. 
Dealers 
CIBC World Markets Corp. 
Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce, London Branch  
CIBC Capital Markets (Europe) S.A. 
CIBC World Markets Inc. 
Notes may also be issued to other dealers and third parties. 
Calculation Agent 
Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce, London Branch, CIBC World 
Markets Corp., CIBC Capital Markets (Europe) S.A., CIBC World 
Markets Inc. or such other calculation agent specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms. 
Fiscal Agent, Principal 
Paying Agent and 
Transfer Agent 
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch. 
Paying Agents, Registrars 
and Transfer Agents 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas. 
Deutsche Bank Luxembourg S.A. 
Paying Agent and 
Registrar (Definitive N 
Registered Notes) 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft.

--- Page 20 ---
17 
 
Issue Price 
Notes may be issued at par or at a discount to, or premium over par. 
Exempt Notes that are Partly Paid Notes may be issued, the issue price 
of which will be payable in two or more instalments.  The issue price will 
be specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Terms of Notes 
Notes may be denominated in any currency specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms with a maturity between one month and 99 years, subject 
to compliance with all applicable legal and/or regulatory restrictions.   
 
Notes may: (i) bear interest at a fixed rate, a floating rate or a variable 
rate determined by reference to a floating rate; (ii) not bear interest; (iii) 
have an interest amount or rate and/or a redemption amount determined 
or calculated by reference to one or more underlying assets or bases of 
reference such as indices (including equity, commodity or inflation 
indices), currency exchange rates, shares, commodities or the credit of 
one or more underlying entities (each such underlying asset or basis of 
reference, a “Reference Item” and any Reference Item linked Notes, 
“Reference Item Linked Notes”); (iv) reference any combination of the 
foregoing; (v) be redeemed by physical delivery (“Physical Delivery 
Notes”) of specified asset(s); and/or (vi) have such other terms and 
conditions as specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
 
Interest periods, interest rates and the terms of and/or amounts payable 
on redemption will be specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
 
The applicable Issue Terms will indicate either that (a) the relevant Notes 
may not be redeemed prior to their stated maturity (other than in 
specified instalments, (in the case of Exempt Notes, if applicable), for 
taxation reasons, following an Event of Default and acceleration of the 
Notes, or (if applicable) following an Additional Disruption Event), (b) 
such Notes will be redeemable at the option of the Issuer and/or the 
Noteholders or (c) the relevant Notes may automatically redeem early 
(or “autocall”) if the underlying assets are at or above a certain level on 
any one of a series of specified dates, provided however that Bail-inable 
Notes may not be redeemed prior to maturity at the Noteholder’s 
election. 
Status of the Notes 
Notes will constitute deposit liabilities of CIBC for purposes of the Bank 
Act and constitute legal, valid and binding unconditional and unsecured 
obligations of CIBC and will rank pari passu with all deposit liabilities of 
CIBC (except as otherwise prescribed by law and subject to the exercise 
of the bank resolution powers under the CDIC Act) without any 
preference amongst themselves.  
 
Notes will not be deposits insured under the CDIC Act. 
Bail-inable Notes 
The Conditions provide that holders of Notes that are Bail-inable Notes 
(as defined in Condition 3(b)) are bound, in respect of those Bail-inable 
Notes, by the CDIC Act, and such Notes are subject to conversion in 
whole or in part, by means of a transaction or series of transactions and 
in one or more steps, into common shares of the Issuer or any of its 
affiliates under subsection 39.2(2.3) of the CDIC Act (a “bail-in 
conversion”) and the variation or extinguishment of the Bail-inable 
Notes in consequence, and by the application of the laws of the Province 
of Ontario in respect of the operation of the CDIC Act with respect to 
those Bail-inable Notes.   Such Notes will be identified in the applicable 
Issue Terms as Bail-inable Notes. 
 
By acquiring Bail-inable Notes, each Noteholder (including each 
beneficial owner): 
(i)  
agrees to be bound, in respect of the Bail-inable Notes, by the

--- Page 21 ---
18 
 
CDIC Act, including a bail-in conversion and the variation or 
extinguishment of the Bail-inable Notes in consequence, and by the 
application of the laws of the Province of Ontario and the federal laws of 
Canada applicable therein in respect of the operation of the CDIC Act 
with respect to the Bail-inable Notes;  
(ii)  
attorns to the jurisdiction of the courts in the Province of Ontario 
in Canada with respect to the CDIC Act and the laws of the Province of 
Ontario and the federal laws of Canada applicable therein in respect of 
the operation of the CDIC Act with respect to the Bail-inable Notes; 
(iii)  
is deemed to have represented and warranted to CIBC that 
CIBC has not directly or indirectly provided financing to the Noteholder 
for the express purpose of investing in the Bail-inable Notes; and  
(iv)  
acknowledges and agrees that the terms referred to in 
paragraphs (i) and (ii), above, are binding on such Noteholder despite 
any provisions in the Conditions, any other law that governs the Bail-
inable Notes and any other agreement, arrangement or understanding 
between such Noteholder and the Issuer with respect to the Bail-inable 
Notes. 
Each holder or beneficial owner of the Bail-inable Notes that acquires an 
interest in the Bail-inable Notes in the secondary market and any 
successors, assigns, heirs, executors, administrators, trustees in 
bankruptcy and legal representatives of any such holder or beneficial 
owner shall be deemed to acknowledge, accept, agree to be bound by 
and consent to the same provisions specified herein to the same extent 
as the holders or beneficial owners that acquire an interest in  the Bail-
inable Notes upon their initial issuance, including, without limitation, with 
respect to the acknowledgement and agreement to be bound by and 
consent to the terms of the Bail-inable Notes related to the bail-in regime.  
Bail-inable Notes are not subject to set-off, netting, compensation or 
retention rights. 
 
The applicable Issue Terms will indicate whether the Notes will be Bail-
inable Notes. The Issuer does not intend to issue a further Tranche of a 
Series of Notes where the issuance of such further Tranche would result 
in the Notes of such Series becoming subject to Bail-in Conversion. 
Method of Issue 
The Notes will be issued in series (each a “Series”), and each Series 
(other than a Series of Definitive N Registered Notes) may be issued in 
one or more tranches (each a “Tranche”) on the same or different issue 
dates, on terms otherwise identical (or identical other than in respect of 
the issue date, the issue price, and the amount and/or date of the first 
payment(s) of interest), the Notes of each Series being intended to be 
interchangeable with all other Notes of that Series. 
The Issuer does not intend to issue a further Tranche of a Series of 
Notes where the issuance of such further Tranche would result in the 
Notes of such Series becoming subject to bail-in conversion. 
Form of Notes 
The Notes may be issued in bearer form only, in bearer form 
exchangeable for Notes in registered form or in registered form only, as 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Clearing System 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (in relation to any 
Regulation S Notes) and DTC (in relation to any Rule 144A Notes) 
and/or, in relation to any Tranche, such other clearing system as may be 
agreed between the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent and the relevant Dealer(s).

--- Page 22 ---
19 
 
Specified Denomination 
As specified in the applicable Issue Terms, save that the minimum 
denomination of each Note will be such as may be allowed or required 
from time to time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent body) and 
all relevant laws, regulations or directives applicable to the specified 
currency and (i) unless permitted by then current laws, regulations and 
directives, Rule 144A Notes will have a minimum denomination of not 
less than US$200,000 (or its equivalent in another currency as at the 
date of issue of the Notes) and (ii) Definitive N Registered Notes will 
have a minimum denomination of not less than €200,000 (or its 
equivalent in another currency as at the date of issue of the Notes).  
Notes (including Notes denominated in sterling) which have a maturity 
of less than one year and whose issue otherwise constitutes a 
contravention of Section 19 of the FSMA will have a minimum 
denomination of not less than £100,000 (or its equivalent in other 
currencies).  
Specified Currency or 
Currencies 
As agreed by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) and specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms. 
Fixed Rate Notes 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes will be payable in arrear on the date or 
dates in each year specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Floating Rate Notes 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest set separately for each Series by 
reference to the benchmark rate specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
as adjusted for any applicable margin.  Interest periods will be specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms.  Minimum/Maximum Rates of Interest or 
Interest Amounts may be specified in the applicable Issue Terms.  
Unless otherwise specified in the applicable Issue Terms, in no event 
shall the Rate of Interest or Interest Amount be less than zero. 
Range Accrual Notes: 
Range Accrual Notes bear interest (if any) at a variable rate determined by 
reference to a floating rate depending on how many days such floating rate 
is above or below a specified barrier or within a specified range (based upon 
whether certain specified conditions are satisfied) during a specified 
observation period. Interest is calculated by reference to one of the following 
formulae (as specified in the relevant Issue Terms):  
 
RAN(1): The rate of interest will be product of (a) an applicable rate and (b) 
a Range Accrual Fraction, where the “Range Accrual Fraction” is the 
resulting fraction of the quotient of (i) the number of fixing days during the 
relevant interest period on which a specified accrual rate falls inside or 
outside a specified range and (ii) the total number of fixing days in the 
relevant interest period. 
RAN(2): The rate of interest will be product of (a) a Range Accrual Fraction 
and (b) the sum of an applicable rate and a margin. 
RAN(3): The rate of interest will be the product of (a) a Range Accrual 
Fraction and (b) an applicable rate multiplied by a gearing factor and a 
margin added to the result. 
RAN(4): The rate of interest will be the product of (a) a Range Accrual 
Fraction and (b) the lesser of (i) an applicable rate multiplied by a gearing 
factor, and a margin added to the result, and (ii) the Maximum Rate of 
Interest.  
RAN(5): The rate of interest will be the product of (a) a Range Accrual 
Fraction and (b) the greater of (i) an applicable rate multiplied by a gearing 
factor, and a margin added to the result, (ii) a minimum interest rate.

--- Page 23 ---
20 
 
Benchmark 
Discontinuation 
On the occurrence of a Benchmark Transition Event, the Issuer may 
(subject to certain conditions and following consultation with an 
Independent Adviser (as defined in “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”) 
if one can be appointed) determine a Successor Rate, failing which an 
Alternative Rate and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread, if any, and 
any Benchmark Amendments in accordance with the Conditions.  If an 
Independent Adviser cannot be appointed, the Issuer, acting in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, may determine a 
Successor Rate, failing which an Alternative Rate and, in either case, an 
Adjustment Spread, if any, and any Benchmark Amendments. 
Zero Coupon Notes 
Zero Coupon Notes may be issued at their nominal amount or at a 
discount to it and will not bear interest. 
Change of 
Interest/Payment Basis 
Notes may be converted from one interest and/or payment basis to 
another. 
Interest Periods and 
Rates of Interest 
The length of the interest periods for the Notes and the applicable 
interest rate or its method of calculation may differ from time to time or 
be constant for any Series. Notes may have a maximum interest rate, a 
minimum interest rate, or both. The use of interest accrual periods 
permits the Notes to bear interest at different rates in the same interest 
period. All such information will be set out in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Redemption 
Notes may be redeemed at par or at such other redemption amount 
(detailed in a formula or otherwise) or by delivery of securities of an 
issuer not affiliated with the Issuer, as specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms.  
The applicable Issue Terms may provide that Exempt Notes other than 
Bail-inable Notes may be redeemable in two or more instalments of such 
amounts or redeemable prior to such stated maturity at the option of the 
Issuer and/or the Noteholders upon giving notice at a price and on such 
dates as are indicated in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Early Redemption 
The applicable Issue Terms will indicate either that (a) the relevant Notes 
may not be redeemed prior to their stated maturity (other than in 
specified instalments, (if applicable), for taxation reasons, following an 
Event of Default and acceleration of the Notes, or (if applicable) following 
an Additional Disruption Event), (b) such Notes will be redeemable at 
the option of the Issuer and/or the Noteholders or (c) may automatically 
redeem early (or “autocall”) if the underlying assets are at or above a 
certain level on any one of a series of specified dates, provided however 
that Bail-inable Notes may not be redeemed prior to maturity at the 
Noteholder’s election. 
Bail-inable Notes may not be redeemed prior to maturity at the option of 
Noteholders. 
Bail-inable Notes may be redeemed by the Issuer prior to maturity, 
provided that where the redemption would lead to a breach of the 
Issuer’s total loss absorbing capacity (“TLAC”) requirements, such 
redemption will be subject to the prior approval of the Superintendent of 
Financial Institutions (Canada) (the “Superintendent”).  
A notice of redemption shall be irrevocable, except that the making of an 
order under subsection 39.13(1) of the CDIC Act in respect of Bail-inable 
Notes prior to the date fixed for redemption shall automatically rescind 
such notice of redemption and, in such circumstances, no Bail-inable 
Notes may be redeemed and no payment in respect of the Bail-inable

--- Page 24 ---
21 
 
Notes shall be due and payable.  Bail-inable Notes will continue to be 
subject to bail-in conversion prior to their repayment in full. 
 
Bail-inable Notes are subject to bail-in conversion and to variation or 
extinguishment in consequence. Upon the making of a Conversion 
Order in respect of Bail-inable Notes, those Bail-inable Notes that are 
subject to such Conversion Order will be converted, in whole or in part, 
into common shares of the Issuer or any of its affiliates and all rights 
under the Conditions of such Bail-inable Notes that are converted into 
common shares will be extinguished immediately upon such conversion. 
See Risk Factors – Bail-inable Notes. 
TLAC Disqualification 
Event 
If so specified in the applicable Issue Terms, Bail-inable Notes may be 
redeemed at the option of the Issuer prior to maturity at any time within 
90 days following the occurrence of a TLAC Disqualification Event (as 
defined in the Conditions). All early redemptions of Bail-inable Notes for 
a TLAC Disqualification Event require the prior approval of the 
Superintendent. 
Physical Delivery Notes 
Where the applicable Issue Terms indicates Notes will be Physical 
Delivery Notes, in order to receive the relevant asset(s), a Noteholder 
must deliver an Asset Transfer Notice on or prior to a specified cut-off 
time and pay all taxes, duties and/or expenses arising from delivery of 
the relevant assets. For certain Reference Item Linked Notes, if certain 
disruption events occur on settlement, the relevant settlement date may 
be postponed and in certain circumstances the Issuer will be entitled to 
make payment of a cash amount in lieu of physical delivery. 
Branch of Account 
The main branch of the Issuer in Toronto or such other branch as may 
be specified in the applicable Issue Terms, which is the branch of 
account for purposes of the Bank Act.   
Subject to meeting certain conditions described in Condition 19(d), the 
Issuer may change the Branch of Account for Notes. 
Substitution 
Subject to the Conditions, a Subsidiary of the Issuer may be substituted 
as the issuer in place of the Issuer or a previous substitute company by 
Deed Poll.  Where substitution in relation to Bail-inable Notes would lead 
to a breach of the Issuer’s TLAC requirements, the substitution may only 
occur with the prior approval of the Superintendent. The Issuer will 
unconditionally guarantee the obligations of the substitute under the 
Deed Poll, the Notes, Receipts, Coupons, Talons and Deed of 
Covenant. 
Negative Pledge 
None. 
Cross Default 
None. 
Events of Default 
The Conditions of the Notes contain events of default covering non-
payment of interest, principal or additional amounts when due or non-
delivery of the specified assets and relating to the insolvency or 
bankruptcy of the Issuer.   
Holders of Bail-inable Notes may only exercise rights to accelerate the 
Bail-inable Notes following an event of default where an order has not 
been made pursuant to subsection 39.13(1) of the CDIC Act in respect 
of the Issuer and, notwithstanding the exercise of any right to accelerate 
Bail-inable Notes, the Bail-inable Notes remain subject to a bail-in 
conversion until repaid in full.  A bail-in conversion will not be an event 
of default.

--- Page 25 ---
22 
 
Waiver of Set-Off – Bail-
inable Notes 
Bail-inable Notes are not subject to set-off, netting, compensation or 
retention rights. 
Withholding Tax 
All payments of principal and interest will be made without withholding 
for or on account of taxes imposed by Canada or such other country in 
which the Branch of Account is located unless any such withholding is 
required by law whereupon, subject to certain exceptions set out in 
Condition 16, the Issuer will pay additional amounts to cover the 
amounts deducted. 
Index Linked Notes 
Amounts payable in respect of Index Linked Notes will be calculated by 
reference to one or more indices and/or such formula as set out in the 
applicable Issue Terms. 
 
Index Linked Notes may be subject to early redemption or cancellation, 
as applicable, or adjustment if an Index is modified or cancelled and 
there is no successor index acceptable to the Calculation Agent, if the 
Index’s Sponsor fails to calculate and announce the Index, if certain 
market disruption events occur, or if certain events (such as illegality, 
disruptions or cost increases) occur with respect to the Issuer’s and/or 
any Affiliate’s hedging arrangements. 
 
If certain disruption events occur with respect to valuation of an Index, 
such valuation will be postponed and may be made by the Calculation 
Agent. Payments may also be postponed. 
Equity Linked Notes 
Amounts payable in respect of Equity Linked Notes will be calculated by 
reference to a single equity security or a basket of equity securities (in 
this overview, each an “Equity”) as set out in the applicable Issue 
Terms. Equity Linked Notes may also provide for settlement by physical 
delivery of a specified amount of Equities of one or more companies, 
subject to payment of any sums payable. 
 
Equity Linked Notes may, at the discretion of the Issuer, be subject to 
early redemption or cancellation, as applicable, or adjustment (including 
valuation and in certain circumstances Equity substitutions) if certain 
corporate events (such as events affecting the value of an Equity 
(including Equity divisions or consolidations, extraordinary dividends 
and capital calls), de-listing of an Equity, insolvency, merger or 
nationalization of an Equity issuer, a tender offer or redenomination of 
an Equity) occur, if certain events (such as illegality, disruptions or cost 
increases) occur with respect to the Issuer’s and/or any Affiliate’s 
hedging arrangements, or if insolvency filings are made with respect to 
an Equity issuer.   
If certain disruption events occur with respect to valuation of an Equity, 
such valuation will be postponed and may be made by the Calculation 
Agent. Payments may also be postponed. 
Commodity Linked Notes 
Amounts payable in respect of Commodity Linked Notes will be 
calculated by reference to a single commodity, and/or commodity- index 
and/or formula or to changes in the prices of one or more commodities 
(which may include precious and base metals, oil, gas, electricity, power 
and agricultural commodities) and similar indexes or formulas (such as 
formulas used in weather derivatives) and such other factors as set out 
in the applicable Issue Terms.  
If certain disruption events occur with respect to valuation of a 
Commodity or futures or options contracts relating to such Commodity, 
such valuation may be postponed and/or may be made by the 
Calculation Agent.

--- Page 26 ---
23 
 
Commodity Linked Notes linked to a Commodity Index may be subject 
to adjustment if the Commodity Index is modified or cancelled and there 
is no successor acceptable to the Calculation Agent or if the Commodity 
Index’s sponsor fails to calculate and announce the index. 
Fund Linked Notes 
Amounts payable in respect of Fund Linked Notes will be calculated by 
reference to units, interests or shares in a single Fund or basket of 
Funds. Fund Linked Notes may also provide for settlement by physical 
delivery of a specified amount of units, interests or shares of one or more 
Funds. 
 
Fund Linked Notes may, at the discretion of the Issuer, be subject to 
early redemption or cancellation, as applicable, or adjustment (including 
as to valuations and fund substitutions) if certain corporate events (such 
as insolvency (or an analogous event) or nationalization of a Fund; 
litigation against, or regulatory events occurring with respect to, a Fund; 
suspensions of Fund subscriptions or redemptions; certain changes in 
net asset value or violations of leverage restrictions of a Fund; Fund 
reporting disruptions; or modifications to the investment objectives or 
changes in the nature or administration of a Fund) occur, if certain 
valuation or settlement disruption events occur with respect to a Fund, 
or if certain events (such as illegality, disruptions or cost increases) 
occur with respect to the Issuer’s and/or any Affiliate’s hedging 
arrangements. 
Fund Linked Notes linked to Exchange Traded Funds may be subject to 
early redemption or cancellation, as applicable, or adjustment (including 
as to valuation) if certain corporate events (such as events affecting the 
value of a Fund Share including share divisions or consolidation, de-
listing of a Fund Share, insolvency, merger or nationalization of a Fund 
Share issuer, or a tender offer of a Fund Share) or modifications of its 
investment objectives occur or if certain events occur with respect to the 
Issuer’s and/or Affiliate’s hedging arrangements.  If certain disruption 
events occur with respect to the valuation of a Fund Share in respect of 
an Exchange Traded Fund, such valuation may be postponed and may 
be made by the Calculation Agent. Payments may also be postponed. 
FX Linked Notes 
Amounts payable in respect of FX Linked Notes will be calculated by 
reference to the rate of exchange of a single currency or basket of 
currencies. FX Linked Notes may also provide for settlement by physical 
delivery of a specified amount of the relevant currencies. 
If certain disruption events occur with respect to a rate of exchange of a 
single currency or basket of currencies, such valuation may be 
postponed and/or made by the Calculation Agent. 
Inflation Linked Notes  
Amounts payable in respect of Inflation Linked Notes will be calculated 
by reference to a single Inflation Index or basket of Inflation Indices. 
Inflation Linked Notes may be subject to early redemption or 
cancellation, as applicable, and/or adjustment if an Inflation Index is 
modified or cancelled and there is no successor index acceptable to the 
Calculation Agent, or if the Inflation Index Sponsor fails to calculate and 
announce the Index. 
Preference Share Linked 
Notes 
Amounts payable in respect of Preference Share Linked Notes will be 
calculated by reference to the performance of specified preference 
shares of an issuer specified in the applicable Issue Terms (the 
“Preference Share Issuer”). 
 
Preference Share Linked Notes will be subject to early redemption if 
certain corporate events (such as insolvency, merger or nationalization

--- Page 27 ---
24 
 
of the Preference Share Issuer or a tender offer) occur, or if certain 
events (such as illegality, hedging disruptions or cost increases) occur 
with respect to the Issuer’s or any Affiliate’s hedging arrangements, or if 
insolvency filings are made with respect to the Preference Share Issuer 
or if the Issuer, or any of its affiliates, receives notice from the Preference 
Share Issuer that the relevant preference shares are to be redeemed 
prior to the Maturity Date. 
Protection Amount 
Where a Protection Amount is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms, the Final Redemption Amount will in no circumstances be 
repayable at the stated Maturity Date at less than the Protection Amount 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms.  The Protection Amount will not 
apply in the event that Notes are redeemed prior to their stated Maturity 
Date or upon the occurrence of a redemption for taxation reasons, an 
Index Adjustment Event, a Potential Adjustment Event or an Event of 
Default. 
Additional Disruption 
Events  
If Additional Disruption Events are specified as applying in the applicable 
Issue Terms, the Notes will be subject to adjustment or may be 
redeemed upon the occurrence of any of the Additional Disruption 
Events specified as applying in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Governing Law 
Notes are governed by the laws of the Province of Ontario and the 
federal laws of Canada applicable therein unless otherwise provided in 
the applicable Issue Terms.  
Notes issued on a non-syndicated basis may be governed by the laws 
of England if so provided in the applicable Issue Terms, subject to the 
second paragraph below regarding Bail-inable Notes.  
Definitive N Registered Notes are governed by German Law, subject to 
the paragraph below regarding Bail-inable Notes.  
The Conditions provide that by acquiring an interest in Bail-inable Notes, 
holders or beneficial owners of such Bail-inable Notes attorn to the 
jurisdiction of courts in the Province of Ontario with respect to the CDIC 
Act and the laws of the Province of Ontario and the federal laws of 
Canada applicable therein in respect of the operation of the CDIC Act 
with respect to such Bail-inable Notes.  These terms are binding on each 
holder of Bail-inable Notes despite any other terms of the relevant Bail-
inable Notes, any other law that governs such Bail-inable Notes and any 
other agreement, arrangement or understanding between the Issuer and 
such holder with respect to such Bail-inable Notes. 
Additional Provisions Relating to Exempt Notes 
Definitive N 
Registered Notes 
(Namensschuldversc
hreibungen) 
Notes issued in the form of Registered Notes in definitive form made out 
in the name of a specific creditor governed by German law (“Definitive 
N Registered Notes”) (Namensschuldverschreibungen) may be issued.  
Where specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement, the Issuer may 
waive any right to set-off in relation to the Definitive N Registered Notes. 
Dual Currency Notes 
Exempt Notes that are Dual Currency Notes may be issued.  Payments 
of principal and/or interest in respect of Exempt Notes that are Dual 
Currency Notes will be made in such currencies, and based on such 
rates of exchange as set out in the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
Variable Coupon 
Amount Notes 
Exempt Notes that are Variable Coupon Amount Notes may be issued.  
Payments of interest in respect of Variable Coupon Amount Notes will 
be calculated by reference to an index and/or formula or as set out in 
the applicable Pricing Supplement.

--- Page 28 ---
25 
 
Variable Redemption 
Amount Notes 
Exempt Notes that are Variable Redemption Amount Notes may be 
issued.   
Payments of principal (whether at maturity or otherwise) in respect of 
Exempt Notes that are Variable Redemption Amount Notes will be 
calculated by reference to such index and/or formula as set out in the 
applicable Pricing Supplement. 
Redenomination 
The applicable Pricing Supplement may provide that certain Notes may 
be redenominated into euro and will set out in full the provisions 
applicable to any such redenomination. 
Listing and Admission to 
Trading 
Application has been made for Notes issued under the Programme 
during the 12 months from the Approval Date to be admitted to the 
official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted to trading 
on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange.   
Application has also been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for 
Notes issued under the Programme during the 12 months from the date 
of this Prospectus to be admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange’s Euro MTF market.  
The Issue Terms for the Notes will indicate whether the Notes will be 
listed on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange or the 
Euro MTF market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange or if no listing is 
applicable. 
The Programme provides that Notes may be unlisted or listed or 
admitted to trading, as the case may be, on such other or further stock 
exchange(s) or market(s) as may be agreed between the Issuer and the 
relevant purchaser(s) in relation to such issue as may be specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms. 
Definitive N Registered Notes will not be listed.  
In certain circumstances, the Issuer may terminate the listing of the 
Notes.  The Issuer is not under any obligation to Noteholders to maintain 
any listing of the Notes. See “Risk Factors”. 
Ratings 
Tranches of Notes may be rated or unrated. Where a Tranche of Notes 
is rated, such rating will be specified in the applicable Issue Terms.  A 
rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may 
be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the 
assigning rating agency. 
Selling Restrictions 
See “Subscription and Sale” and, in respect of any Tranche or Series, 
such additional selling restrictions as are set out in the applicable Issue 
Terms. 
Risk Factors 
There are certain factors that may affect the Issuer’s ability to fulfil its 
obligations under Notes issued under the Programme. A description of 
the principal categories and sub-categories of such risks is set out under 
“Risk Factors” and include risks concerning general economic conditions 
in Canada and globally, the Issuer’s creditworthiness, legislative and 
regulatory changes, market rates and price changes and counterparty 
risk exposure. 
 
Where the applicable Issue Terms specifies one or more Reference 
Item(s), the relevant Notes will represent an investment linked to the 
performance of such Reference Item(s) and prospective investors 
should note that the return (if any) on their investment in the Notes will 
depend upon the performance of the relevant Reference Item(s). See

--- Page 29 ---
26 
 
“Risk Factors - Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of 
Notes”. 
 
IN 
THE 
CASE 
OF 
REFERENCE 
ITEM 
LINKED 
NOTES, 
PROSPECTIVE INVESTORS MUST REVIEW THE APPLICABLE 
ISSUE 
TERMS 
TO 
ASCERTAIN 
WHAT 
THE 
RELEVANT 
REFERENCE ITEM(S) ARE AND TO SEE HOW ANY CASH 
AMOUNTS OR ASSET AMOUNTS ARE PAYABLE AND/OR 
DELIVERABLE AND HOW ANY INTEREST PAYMENTS ARE 
DETERMINED AND WHEN ANY SUCH AMOUNTS ARE PAYABLE 
AND/OR DELIVERABLE, AS THE CASE MAY BE, BEFORE MAKING 
ANY DECISION TO PURCHASE ANY REFERENCE ITEM LINKED 
NOTES.

--- Page 30 ---
27 
 
RISK FACTORS 
The Issuer believes that the factors described below represent the principal categories and 
subcategories of risks inherent in investing in Notes issued under the Programme but the inability of 
the Issuer to pay interest, principal or other amounts on or in connection with any Notes may occur for 
other reasons and the Issuer does not represent that the statements below regarding the risks of 
holding any Notes are exhaustive.  Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to the Issuer 
or that it currently believes to be immaterial could individually or cumulatively also have a material 
impact on its business operations or affect the ability of the Issuer to pay interest, principal or other 
amounts on or in connection with any Notes. 
Prospective purchasers of Notes should consider the categories of risks identified and discussed 
herein including pandemic outbreaks, credit, market, liquidity, strategic, insurance, operational, 
technology, information and cyber security, reputation, legal, conduct, regulatory, environmental and 
social, tax changes and other risk and those related to general business and economic conditions.  In 
order to provide prospective purchasers of the Notes with a more detailed explanation of the risk 
factors set out below, such prospective purchasers may also wish to consider the detailed information 
set out elsewhere in this Prospectus (including information incorporated by reference herein), and any 
applicable Issue Terms to reach their own views prior to making any investment decisions. 
References to “Conditions” means, in respect of the Notes of any Series, the terms and conditions 
applicable thereto which shall be substantially in the form set out under “Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes” as modified, with respect to any Notes represented by a Global Certificate or a Global Note, by 
the provisions of such Global Certificate or Global Note, and which shall be completed by the Issue 
Terms applicable to such Series (or, if Notes are issued in more than one Tranche, in the applicable 
Issue Terms relating thereto).  Terms used in this section and not otherwise defined shall have the 
meanings given to them in the Conditions. 
1. Risks relating to the Issuer's business activities and industry 
Pandemic Outbreaks 
The COVID-19 pandemic continues to disrupt the global economy, financial markets, supply chains 
and business productivity in unprecedented and unpredictable ways. While rising vaccination rates 
have supported a significant easing of restrictions imposed by governments around the world, progress 
towards full reopening has been hindered by new and emerging variants of the virus, which have led 
to the temporary reimposition of restrictions. These factors, combined with continued vaccine 
hesitancy, remain a threat to the economic recovery. CIBC’s outlook continues to assume that targeted 
health measures rather than broader economic closures will be used to contain new waves of infection.  
Future developments, such as the severity and duration of the pandemic, the emergence and 
progression of new variants, and actions taken by governments, monetary authorities, regulators, 
financial institutions and other third parties in response to a resurgence of cases, continue to impact 
CIBC’s outlook. 
A substantial amount of CIBC’s business involves extending credit or otherwise providing financial 
resources to individuals, companies, industries or governments that may have been adversely 
impacted by the pandemic, hindering their ability to meet original loan terms and potentially impacting 
their ability to repay their loans. While CIBC’s estimate of expected credit losses (“ECL”) on performing 
loans considers the likelihood and extent of future defaults and impairments, given the inherent 
uncertainty caused by COVID-19, actual experience may differ materially from CIBC’s current 
estimates. To the extent that business activity or unemployment do not continue to improve in line with 
CIBC’s expectations due to the impact of the new and emerging variants, or clients default on loans 
beyond CIBC’s current expectations, CIBC may recognize further credit losses beyond those reflected 
in the current year’s ECL allowances. The effectiveness of various government support programs in 
place for individuals and businesses as well as the efficacy of vaccines in controlling new and emerging 
variants also impact CIBC’s expectations. Similarly, because of changing economic and market 
conditions, CIBC may be required to recognize losses, impairments, or reductions in other 
comprehensive income (“OCI”) in future periods relating to other assets that it holds.

--- Page 31 ---
28 
 
Net interest income is significantly impacted by market interest rates. A key driver of these market 
dynamics is central bank monetary policy and expectations of forthcoming rate increases. In January, 
both the Bank of Canada and the Federal Reserve reaffirmed guidance that rate increases are 
expected in 2022. 
Governments, monetary authorities, regulators and financial institutions have also taken actions to 
support the economy, increase liquidity, mitigate unemployment, provide temporary financial 
assistance and regulatory flexibility, and implement other measures intended to mitigate or 
counterbalance the adverse economic consequences of the pandemic. CIBC continues to work with 
regulators and governments across the jurisdictions in which it operates to support and facilitate 
government programs assisting its clients (see the section of the 2021 Annual Report on page 61 
entitled “CIBC client relief programs in response to COVID-19” for further details on such programs).  
CIBC continues to adapt its operating model with a focus on the ongoing safety of its team members, 
including those working on-site since the start of the pandemic.  CIBC has a thoughtful plan to return 
its team members who are currently working remotely to the office, depending on the evolving 
pandemic and public health guidance. 
Relevant operational risk metrics continue to track at an acceptable level. Operational resilience and 
sustainability remain CIBC’s key areas of focus. CIBC will continue to monitor its risk posture and 
trends to ensure operational risks are managed appropriately and in a timely manner. If the COVID-
19 pandemic is prolonged beyond CIBC’s expectations, or if further variants emerge that give rise to 
similar effects that vaccines are not able to effectively mitigate in a timely manner and if broader 
economic closures are reinstated to address future waves of infection, the impact on the economy and 
financial markets could deepen and result in further volatility.  Unexpected developments in financial 
markets, regulatory environments, or consumer behaviour and confidence may have additional 
adverse impacts on CIBC’s business, results of operations, reputation and financial condition. 
Geo-Political Risk   
The level of geo-political risk escalates at certain points in time. While the specific impact on the global 
economy and on global credit and capital markets would depend on the nature of the event, in general, 
any major event could result in instability and volatility, leading to widening spreads, declining equity 
valuations, flight to safe-haven currencies and increased purchases of gold. In the short run, market 
disruption could hurt the net income of CIBC’s trading and non-trading market risk positions. Geo-
political risk could reduce economic growth, and in combination with the potential impacts on 
commodity prices and the recent rise of protectionism, could have serious negative implications for 
general economic and banking activities and may have adverse impacts on CIBC’s business, results 
of operations and financial condition.  
Current areas of concern for CIBC and its business include: global uncertainty and market 
repercussions pertaining to the spread of COVID-19; Russia’s military invasion of Ukraine; rising civil 
unrest and activism globally; ongoing U.S., Canada and China relations and trade issues; implications 
of the U.S. “Buy American” policy; relations between the U.S. and Iran; tensions in the Middle East; 
and concerns following the agreed-upon Brexit deal. 
While it is impossible to predict where new geo-political disruption will occur, CIBC pays particular 
attention to markets and regions with existing or recent historical instability to assess the impact of 
these environments on the markets and businesses in which it operates. However, despite these 
efforts, there is no guarantee that CIBC will be able to identify and access the impacts of all such risks, 
which could have a material adverse effect on CIBC’s results of operations. 
Climate Risk 
The physical effects of climate change along with regulations designed to mitigate its negative impacts 
will have a measurable impact on communities and the economy. The physical risks of climate change 
include severe weather events, forest fires, floods, heat stresses and rising sea levels, which have the 
ability to disrupt supply chains and critical infrastructure. Transition risks, which arise as society adjusts 
towards a low carbon future, are impacting many sectors of the economy through changes in policy 
and technology aimed at limiting global warming. As the world transitions to a low-carbon economy,

--- Page 32 ---
29 
 
CIBC is committed to understanding and responsibly managing the relevant impacts of climate change 
on its operations and its business activities. In support of this commitment, CIBC announced its 
ambition to achieve net zero greenhouse gas emissions associated with operational and financing 
activities by 2050, including reducing the greenhouse gas emissions from its operations by 30% by 
2028 (2018 baseline). 
In 2021, CIBC launched its Climate Credit Risk Assessment tool to be used by its corporate and 
commercial businesses which scores companies based on their exposure, preparedness and 
resiliency to climate-related transition risks. Through this assessment, CIBC will gain a deeper 
understanding of its clients’ plans to move to a low-carbon economy over the short, medium, and long 
term, and how this compares with peers in the same sector. This tool will help CIBC to manage climate 
change risks in its portfolio. 
There is an increasing demand for disclosure around climate-related risk identification and mitigation. 
CIBC currently prepares its disclosures based on the disclosure framework developed by the Task 
Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (“TCFD”). The TCFD reporting framework provides 
stakeholders with consistent, material climate-related disclosures that are comparable across sectors, 
industries and countries. CIBC is proactively collaborating with peer banks to ensure consistency and 
comparability as it continues to improve its TCFD reporting.  
CIBC has also joined the Partnership for Carbon Accounting Financials (“PCAF”), a standardized 
measurement and reporting framework that can be used to calculate emissions related to a bank’s 
financing. Measuring financed emissions is central to activities that enable CIBC to embed climate 
action throughout its lending and investment activities.  
In the past year, a number of regulators and standard-setting organizations have announced intentions 
of preparing disclosure frameworks related to climate change risks. Key among them are IFRS 
Foundation’s establishment of the International Sustainability Standards Board (“ISSB”) to develop 
global sustainability disclosure standards for the financial markets and to increase connectivity with 
accounting standards. Its creation will consolidate select existing standard setters, including the 
Climate Disclosure Standards Board (an initiative of CDP, formerly the Carbon Disclosure Project) and 
the Value Reporting Foundation (which houses the Integrated Reporting Framework and the 
Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (“SASB”) Standards) by mid-2022. In addition, regulators 
such as the SEC, OSFI and the Canadian Securities Administrators (“CSA”) have announced a greater 
focus on climate risk disclosures. Potential divergence among the regulators in disclosure 
expectations, coupled with the pace at which the regulatory landscape changes pose an operational 
and non-conformance risk to CIBC which could have an adverse effect on its business or results of 
operations. CIBC continues to monitor these developments.  
Despite CIBC’s relatively low direct carbon emissions, compliance by many of its clients with new 
carbon emission standards could result in operational stress for those clients, which in turn may have 
a negative impact on CIBC’s results of operations. See also the risk factor entitled “Environmental and 
Related Social Risk” for further information. 
Risks related to the Canadian Consumer Debt and the Housing Market   
Regulatory measures that included revised mortgage underwriting guidelines (“B-20 guidelines”) and 
taxes on foreign ownership, combined with a previously low unemployment environment, had their 
intended effect as debt-to-income ratios flattened in 2018–2019. However, to counter the economic 
impact due to COVID-19, the Canadian government put in place several support programs, the Bank 
of Canada cut interest rates and CIBC and other Canadian banks assisted clients by offering temporary 
relief across all retail products, including mortgages. While there is still continued economic and 
employment uncertainty, the housing market has rebounded strongly and prices have surpassed pre-
COVID-19 levels giving rise to the risk that CIBC’s borrowers may be unable to repay loan obligations, 
which may have adverse impacts on CIBC’s business, results of operations, reputation and financial 
condition. Further information on this risk can be found at page 51 of the Issuer's 2021 Annual Report.

--- Page 33 ---
30 
 
Technology, Information and Cyber Security Risk  
Financial institutions like CIBC are evolving their use of technology and business processes to improve 
the client experience and streamline operations. At the same time, cyber threats and the associated 
financial, reputation and business interruption risks have also increased. CIBC continues to actively 
manage these risks through strategic risk reviews, enterprise-wide technology and information security 
programs, with the goal of maintaining overall cyber-resilience that prevents, detects, and responds to 
threats such as data breaches, malware, unauthorized access, and denial-of-service attacks, which 
can result in damage to CIBC systems and information, theft or disclosure of confidential information, 
unauthorized or fraudulent activity, and service disruption at CIBC or its service providers, including 
those that offer cloud services.  
Given the importance of electronic financial systems, including secure online and mobile banking 
provided by CIBC to its clients, CIBC monitors the changing environment globally, including cyber 
threats, mitigation strategies and evolving regulatory requirements, in order to improve its controls and 
processes to protect its systems and client information. In addition, CIBC performs cyber security 
preparedness, testing, and recovery exercises to validate its defences, benchmark against best 
practices and provide regular updates to its Board. CIBC has well-defined cyber incident response 
protocols and playbooks in the event that a security incident or breach occurs. CIBC also has cyber 
insurance coverage to help mitigate against certain potential losses associated with cyber incidents. 
CIBC’s insurance coverage is subject to various terms and provisions, including limits on the types 
and amounts of coverage relating to losses arising from cyber incidents. CIBC periodically assesses 
its insurance coverage based on our risk tolerance and limits. Despite CIBC’s commitment to 
information and cyber security, and given the rapidly evolving threat and regulatory landscape, coupled 
with a changing business environment, it is not possible for CIBC to identify all cyber risks or implement 
measures to prevent or eliminate all potential cyber incidents from occurring, which could lead to 
disruptions to the Issuer’s businesses and results of operations. Further information on this risk can 
be found at page 51 of the Issuer's 2021 Annual Report, incorporated by reference herein. 
Commodity Prices Risk  
In the fourth quarter 2021, CIBC has observed high volatility and a continued rally in natural gas prices. 
The global recovery from the COVID-19 pandemic and higher-than-normal weather-driven demand in 
winter 2020 and summer 2021 have combined with supply-side challenges resulting in below-average 
storage levels as the society approaches the 2021 winter heating season. In addition, supply and 
demand fundamentals that are traditionally elastic to prices have broken down, making it difficult for 
the market to balance any disruptions to supply or increases in demand. Looking forward, 
temperatures in winter 2021 are expected to be a key driver of natural gas prices: colder-than-normal 
temperatures could push prices higher while milder temperatures could lead to a pullback. Clients in 
CIBC’s oil and gas portfolio continue to be assessed on the basis of CIBC’s enhanced risk metrics that 
reflect the current environment. In addition, other commodities including raw materials (lumber, iron, 
ore etc.) and metals (gold, silver, copper etc.) continue to exhibit volatility, particularly in front month 
futures contracts, largely owing to increased demand coupled with ongoing supply chain bottlenecks 
as the global pandemic recovery continues, which may have adverse impacts on CIBC’s business, 
results of operations, reputation and financial condition.  
In the first quarter of 2022, CIBC observed continued volatility in energy markets, with natural gas 
prices remaining elevated, particularly in Europe, and a renewed rally in oil prices as West Texas 
Intermediate crude oil has exceeded US$90 per barrel. Winter temperatures in North America have 
thus far been slightly warmer than average, helping avoid a further spike in natural gas prices. 
However, demand and supply fundamentals remain such that continued upward price pressure on 
energy prices is likely. Global demand is strong with economies emerging from pandemic-related 
lockdowns, while supply disruptions continue to impact inventory levels. Mounting geo-political 
tensions with Russia, and the possibility of resulting sanctions, may serve to further compound supply 
constraints in the near term. Clients in CIBC’s oil and gas portfolio continue to be assessed on the 
basis of CIBC’s enhanced risk metrics that reflect the current environment. Further information related 
to this risk can be found in the “Commodity prices” section on page 51 of the 2021 Annual Report, 
incorporated by reference herein.

--- Page 34 ---
31 
 
Disintermediation Risk  
Canadian banking clients, including CIBC's clients are increasingly shifting their service transactions 
from brick-and-mortar banking centres to digital platforms. Competitive pressure from digital 
disruptors, both global technology leaders and smaller financial technology entrants, is increasing and 
the risk of disintermediation continues to grow due to the level of sophistication of these non-traditional 
competitors, and increased adoption of emerging technologies. Blockchain is one such technology that 
enables parties to transact with one another without the need for centralized third-party intermediaries 
such as banks. Cryptocurrencies, such as Bitcoin, are a specific application of blockchain with the 
potential for disintermediation. However, widespread adoption as a substitute for government-issued 
currency does not appear to be a near-term prospect as central banks around the world explore Central 
Bank Digital Currencies. Adoption as an investment vehicle poses an opportunity for disintermediation 
as it enables parties to create investment products and services that financial institutions would 
normally provide. Advances in artificial intelligence (“AI”) and automation also have the potential to 
transform business models over time, including the delivery of financial services advice through 
automated processes. CIBC is maturing its AI capabilities with a focus on maintaining customer 
confidence and trust by building AI practices that apply principles such as fairness, ethics, 
transparency and security.  
CIBC manages disintermediation risk through strategic reviews as well as investment in emerging 
channels, in data and analytics capabilities, and in technology and innovation in general, to meet its 
clients’ changing expectations, while working to reduce its cost structure and simplify operations. 
However, despite these strategic risk reviews and investments, there is no guarantee that the Issuer 
will be able to mitigate sufficiently any negative effects to its business that may arise due to the 
competitive pressure created from digital disruptors. Further information on this risk can be found at 
page 51 of the Issuer's 2021 Annual Report, incorporated by reference herein. 
Third Party Risk 
CIBC’s Board and senior management recognize the establishment of third-party relationships as 
important to CIBC’s business model and therefore leverage them to achieve CIBC’s business 
objectives. With the introduction of new technologies, new foreign jurisdictions and increasing reliance 
on sub-contractors, the third-party landscape continues to evolve. While such relationships may benefit 
CIBC through reduced costs, innovation, improved performance and increased business 
competitiveness, they also can introduce risks of failure or disruption to CIBC through breakdowns in 
people, processes or technology or through external events that impact these third parties.  
To mitigate third-party risks, prepare for future third-party risks and changing regulatory expectations, 
and to ensure existing processes and internal controls are operating effectively, CIBC relies on its 
strong risk culture and established Third Party Risk Management program, which includes policies, 
procedures, expertise and resources dedicated to third-party risk management. The program identifies 
and manages risks that arise from third-party relationships from the point of planning through the life 
cycle of the business arrangement and supports the maintenance of collaborative relationships that 
advance CIBC’s strategic direction and operational needs within CIBC's risk appetite.  Despite its 
mitigation efforts, CIBC remains exposed to failure or disruption as a result of breakdowns in people, 
processes or technology or through external events that impact these third parties, which could in turn 
have an adverse effect on its results of operations. Further information regarding risks to the CIBC’s 
results of operations more generally can be found under the risk factor entitled “Operational Risk 
Exposure” below. Further information on this risk can also be found at page 52 of the Issuer's 2021 
Annual Report, incorporated by reference herein. 
Money Laundering Risk 
Money laundering, terrorist financing activities and other related crimes pose a great threat to the 
stability and integrity of a country’s financial sector and its broader economy. In recognition of this 
threat, the international community has made the fight against these illegal activities a priority. CIBC 
is committed to adhering to all regulatory requirements pertaining to anti-money laundering ("AML") 
and anti-terrorist financing ("ATF") in the jurisdictions where it operates and implementing best 
practices to minimize the impact of such activities. In Canada, amendments to the regulations under 
the Proceeds of Crime (Money Laundering) and Terrorist Financing Act were published in July 2019

--- Page 35 ---
32 
 
to improve the effectiveness of Canada’s AML/ATF regime. In accordance with these amendments, 
CIBC has implemented procedures, processes and controls with respect to client due diligence, record 
keeping and reporting to ensure that relevant regulatory obligations are met in each jurisdiction and it 
has implemented mandatory annual AML/ATF training for all employees to ensure that relevant 
regulatory obligations are met in each jurisdiction where CIBC operates.  Further details on the 
regulatory and operational risks the Issuer faces can be found under the risk factor entitled 
“Operational Risk Exposure” and “Regulatory Compliance Risk”, each below. 
However, despite adherence to the Issuer’s procedures and best practices, it is not possible for the 
Issuer to prevent exposure to these sort of threats and their occurrence could have an adverse impact 
on the Issuer’s results of operations and its reputation.  Further information on this risk can be found 
at page 52 of the Issuer's 2021 Annual Report, incorporated by reference herein. 
U.S. Banking Regulation Risk 
CIBC’s U.S. operations are subject to supervision by the Board of Governors of the U.S. 
Federal Reserve System (the “Federal Reserve”) and are also subject to a comprehensive federal 
and state regulatory framework. CIBC’s wholly owned subsidiary, CIBC Bancorp USA Inc. (CIBC 
Bancorp), is a financial holding company subject to regulation and supervision by the Federal Reserve 
under the U.S. Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended. CIBC Bank USA, CIBC’s Illinois-
chartered bank subsidiary, is subject to regulation by the U.S. Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation 
(the “FDIC”), the Federal Reserve and the Illinois Department of Financial and Professional Regulation. 
CIBC’s New York branch is subject to regulation and supervision by the Federal Reserve and the New 
York Department of Financial Services. Certain market activities of CIBC’s U.S. operations are subject 
to regulation by the SEC and the U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission, as well as other 
oversight bodies. 
The scope of these regulations impact CIBC’s business in a number of ways. For example, 
both CIBC Bancorp and CIBC Bank USA are required to maintain minimum capital ratios in accordance 
with Basel III rules adopted by the U.S. bank regulatory agencies, which differ in some respects from 
Canada’s Basel III rules. Under the U.S. bank regulatory framework, both CIBC and CIBC Bancorp 
are expected to provide a source of strength to the subsidiary bank and may be required to commit 
additional capital and other resources to CIBC Bank USA in the event that its financial condition were 
to deteriorate, whether due to overall challenging economic conditions in the U.S., or because of 
business-specific issues. The Federal Reserve (in the case of CIBC Bancorp) and the FDIC and the 
Illinois Department of Financial and Professional Regulation (in the case of CIBC Bank USA) also have 
the ability to restrict dividends paid by CIBC Bancorp or CIBC Bank USA, which could limit CIBC’s 
ability to receive distributions on its capital investment in its U.S. banking operations.  
As CIBC’s U.S. operations grow, CIBC will become subject to additional enhanced prudential 
standards under the Federal Reserve’s regulations applicable to foreign banking organizations.  
Furthermore, the Federal Reserve and the FDIC may also restrict CIBC’s U.S. operations, organic or 
inorganic growth, if, among other things, they have supervisory concerns about risk management, anti-
money laundering or compliance programs and practices, governance and controls, and/or capital and 
liquidity adequacy at CIBC Bancorp, CIBC Bank USA or CIBC’s New York branch, as applicable. In 
some instances, banking regulators may take supervisory actions that may not be publicly disclosed, 
which may restrict or limit CIBC’s New York branch and CIBC’s U.S. subsidiaries from engaging in 
certain categories of new activities or acquiring shares or control of other companies. Any restrictions 
imposed by banking regulators could negatively impact CIBC by loss of revenue, limitations on the 
products or services CIBC offers, and increased operational and compliance costs. 
The U.S. regulatory environment continues to evolve and future legislative and regulatory 
developments may impact CIBC. See also the risk factors entitled “Anti-Money Laundering” and 
“Regulatory Compliance Risk” for further information. 
Interbank Offered Rate (IBOR) transition  
Interest rate benchmarks including the London Interbank Offered Rate (“LIBOR”) and other similar 
benchmarks, are being reformed and replaced by new risk-free rates (“RFRs”) that are largely based 
on traded markets. The United Kingdom’s Financial Conduct Authority (“FCA”) originally announced

--- Page 36 ---
33 
 
in July 2017 that it would not compel banks to submit LIBOR rates beyond 2021. Consistent with this 
announcement, as of December 31, 2021 a formal cessation of GBP, EUR, JPY and CHF LIBORs 
occurred, with fallback to the replacement RFRs triggered. In addition, trading of USD LIBOR has been 
curtailed in advance of its forthcoming cessation in June 2023. This marks a significant milestone on 
the part of the industry in its transition away from LIBOR as the reference rate underpinning a large 
volume of loan, derivative and cash products globally. CIBC continues to monitor industry 
developments in this space and has also implemented controls to ensure new USD LIBOR trades are 
for permitted purposes only during this transition. Furthermore, in December 2021 the Canadian 
Alternative Reference Rate working group recommended that the Canadian Dollar Offered Rate 
(“CDOR”) should cease calculation and publication by June 2024 with the Canadian Overnight Repo 
Rate Average (“CORRA”) suggested as the replacement benchmark rate. A consultation phase with 
industry stakeholders regarding this recommendation has been commenced by CDOR’s administrator.  
As IBORs are widely referenced by large volumes of derivative, loan and cash products, the transition 
presents a number of risks to CIBC, and the industry as a whole. These transition risks include market 
risk (in the eventuality that new basis risks emerge), model risk, operational risk (as processes are 
changed or newly introduced), legal risk (as contracts are revised) and conduct risk (in ensuring clients 
are adequately informed/prepared). However, there is no guarantee that the Issuer will be able to 
mitigate sufficiently any negative effects to its business that may arise due to these transaction risks. 
Further information on this risk can be found at page 52 of the Issuer's 2021 Annual Report and page 
25 of the First Quarter Report, each of which is incorporated by reference herein. 
Operational Risk  
The Issuer is exposed to many types of operational risk, including the risk of loss from people, 
inadequate or failed internal processes and systems or from external events.    
The Issuer uses both the advanced measurement approach (“AMA”), a risk-sensitive method 
prescribed by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (the “BCBS”) and the standardized 
method to quantify its operational risk exposure in the form of operation risk regulatory capital.  Under 
AMA, operational risk capital represents the “worst –case loss” within a 99.9% confidence level.  The 
aggregate risk to the Issuer is less than the sum of the individual parts, as the likelihood that all 
business groups across all regions experience a worst-case loss in every loss category in the same 
year is extremely low.   
Given the high volume of transactions the Issuer processes on a daily basis, certain errors may be 
repeated or compounded before they are discovered and successfully rectified. Shortcomings or 
failures in, or by, the Issuer’s internal processes, systems, employees, service providers or other 
people, including any of the Issuer’s financial, accounting or other data processing systems could lead 
to, among other consequences, serious damage to the Issuer’s ability to service its clients, could 
breach regulations under which it operates and could cause long-term damage to the Issuer’s business 
and brand that could have a material adverse effect on its business, prospects, financial condition, 
reputation and or results of operations.  Further information on this risk can be found at page 80 of the 
Issuer's 2021 Annual Report, incorporated by reference herein. 
Notwithstanding anything in this risk factor, this risk factor should not be taken as implying that the 
Issuer will be unable to comply with its obligations as a company with securities admitted to the Official 
List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange or any other regulated or non-regulated market. 
Strategic Risk  
Strategic risk is the risk of ineffective or improper implementation of business strategies, including 
mergers, acquisitions and divestitures. It includes the potential financial loss due to the failure of 
organic growth initiatives or failure to respond appropriately to changes in the business environment. 
Oversight of strategic risk is the responsibility of the Executive Committee and the Board. At least 
annually, the CEO outlines the process and presents the strategic business plan to the Board for 
review and approval. The Board reviews the plan in light of management’s assessment of emerging 
market trends, the competitive environment, potential risks and other key issues. One of the tools for 
measuring, monitoring and controlling strategic risk is attribution of economic capital against this risk.

--- Page 37 ---
34 
 
CIBC's economic capital models include a strategic risk component for those businesses utilizing 
capital to fund an acquisition or a significant organic growth strategy.  
Despite the processes the Issuer has in place to review the strategic business plan, the inherent 
uncertainty associated with business planning in the rapidly changing business environment in which 
the Issuer operates, as further described under “Economic and Market  Environment” on page 6 of the 
Issuer’s 2021 Annual Report, which is incorporated by reference in this Prospectus, could have an 
adverse effect on the Issuer’s results, financial conditions and prospects. 
Insurance Risk  
Insurance risk is the risk of loss arising from the obligation to pay out benefits and expenses on 
insurance policies in excess of expected amounts.  Unfavourable actual experience could emerge due 
to adverse fluctuations in timing, size and frequency of actual claims (e.g., mortality, morbidity), 
policyholder behaviour (e.g., cancellation of coverage), or associated expenses.  
Insurance contracts provide financial compensation to the beneficiary in the event of an insured risk 
occurring in exchange for premiums. CIBC is exposed to insurance risk in its life insurance business 
and in its reinsurance business within the respective subsidiaries.  
Senior management of the insurance and reinsurance subsidiaries have primary responsibility for 
managing insurance risk with oversight by CIBC's risk management committee. The insurance and 
reinsurance subsidiaries also have their own boards of directors, and an independent appointed 
actuary who provide additional input to risk management oversight. Processes and oversight are in 
place to manage the risk to CIBC's insurance business. Underwriting risk on business assumed is 
managed through risk policies that limit exposure to an individual life, to certain types of business and 
to regions.  
CIBC's risk governance practices ensure strong independent oversight and control of risk within the 
insurance businesses. The subsidiaries’ boards outline the internal risk and control structure to 
manage insurance risk, which includes risk, capital and control policies, processes as well as limits 
and governance. Senior management of the insurance and reinsurance subsidiaries and risk 
management attend the subsidiaries’ board meetings.   
Despite these strong risk governance practices, the occurrence of large claims could have a negative 
impact on the Issuer’s insurance and reinsurance subsidiaries which could in turn have a negative 
impact on the Issuer’s performance and results of operations. Further information on this risk can be 
found at page 82 of the Issuer's 2021 Annual Report, incorporated by reference herein. 
Reputation and Legal Risk  
The Issuer’s reputation and financial soundness are of fundamental importance to it and to its clients, 
shareholders and team members.  Reputation risk is the risk of negative publicity regarding the Issuer’s 
business conduct or practices which, whether true or not, could significantly harm the Issuer’s 
reputation as a leading financial institution, or could materially and adversely affect its business, 
operations or financial condition.  Conduct risk is the risk that actions or omissions of the Issuer, its 
employees, contingent workers and/or suppliers do not align with the Issuer’s desired culture and 
values, deliver poor or unfair outcomes for clients, team members or shareholders; result in adverse 
market practices and outcomes; impact CIBC’s reputation as a leading financial institution; or 
materially and adversely affect CIBC’s business, operations or financial condition.  Legal risk is the 
risk of financial loss arising from one or more of the following factors:  (a) civil, criminal or regulatory 
enforcement proceedings against the Issuer (see Note 23 to the Issuer’s 2021 audited consolidated 
financial statements in its 2021 Annual Report, which is incorporated by reference in this Prospectus, 
for a description of the Issuer’s significant legal proceedings); (b) its failure to correctly document, 
enforce or comply with contractual obligations; (c) failure to comply with its legal obligations to 
customers, investors, team members, counterparties or other stakeholders; (d) failure to take 
appropriate legal measures to protect its assets or security interests; or (e) misconduct by its team 
members or agents.

--- Page 38 ---
35 
 
The Issuer’s risk management committee, together with its reputation and legal risks committee and 
global risk committee provides oversight of the management of reputation and legal risks.  The 
identification, consideration and prudent, proactive management of potential reputation and legal risks 
is a key responsibility of the Issuer and all of its employees. The Issuer’s reputation risk management 
framework, global reputation and legal risks policy and conduct risk framework set standards for 
safeguarding its reputation through pro-active identification measurement and management of 
potential reputation and legal risks.  These policies are supplemented by business procedures for 
identifying and escalating transactions to the reputation and legal risks committee that could pose 
material reputation risk and/or legal risk. Further information on this risk can be found at page 82 of 
the Issuer's 2021 Annual Report and at page 67 of the First Quarter Report, incorporated by reference 
herein. 
Despite the operation of the Issuer’s policies and procedures, there is no guarantee the Issuer will be 
able to anticipate the occurrence of a particular risk event, which if it were to occur would have an 
adverse effect on the Issuer’s prospects and results of operations. 
Regulatory Compliance Risk 
Regulatory compliance risk is the risk of the Issuer’s potential non-conformance with applicable 
regulatory requirements. The Issuer’s regulatory compliance philosophy is to manage and mitigate 
regulatory compliance risk through the promotion of a strong risk culture within the parameters 
established by its risk appetite statement. The foundation of this approach is a comprehensive 
regulatory compliance management framework. The regulatory compliance management framework, 
owned by the Senior Vice-President, Chief Compliance Officer and Global Regulatory Affairs, and 
approved by the Issuer’s risk management committee, maps regulatory requirements to internal 
policies, procedures and controls that govern regulatory compliance. 
For details on the specific regulatory developments affecting the Issuer related to tax, capital 
management, liquidity risk and accounting and control matters, see pages 32-40, 52, 72-75, 81 and 
83-87 of its 2021 Annual Report, which is incorporated by reference in this Prospectus. 
The Issuer is also exposed to risk due to regulatory reform in the United Kingdom and Europe, including 
in relation to the revised directive and regulation on Markets in Financial Instruments (“MiFID II/MiFIR”) 
which became effective January 2018 (which includes MiFIR as it forms part of UK domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA) which have a significant technological and procedural impact for certain 
businesses operating in the United Kingdom and the European Union. The reforms introduced 
changes to pre- and post-trade transparency, market structure, trade and transaction reporting, 
algorithmic trading, and conduct of business.  
In addition, in order to promote a more resilient banking sector and strengthen global capital standards, 
the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (“BCBS”) implemented significant capital reform to the 
risk-based capital framework. The reform is being referred to as Basel III and its objective is to improve 
the quality of capital and increase the quantity of capital supporting global financial intermediation.  
While Basel III became effective on 1 January 2013, the capital reform is ongoing as the BCBS has 
issued and continues to issue consultative proposals on numerous topics to further enhance the capital 
standards. The Issuer currently complies with Basel III capital requirements, but the Issuer cannot 
predict the effects of future regulatory changes on both its own financial performance or the impact on 
the pricing of the debt or derivative securities issued by the Issuer. Prospective investors should 
consult their own advisers as to the potential consequences for them and for the Issuer relating to the 
application of future changes in the Basel III capital framework.   
Other such regulatory initiatives include: the extension of the Senior Managers Regime to all U.K. 
regulated firms which is effective December 2019; transaction reporting of securities financing 
transactions which is effective April 2019; and the implementation of new settlement disciplines, 
including mandatory buy-ins, for participants in European Central Securities Depositories which was 
effective September 2020. 
The Issuer’s compliance department is responsible for the development and maintenance of a 
comprehensive regulatory compliance program, including oversight of the regulatory compliance

--- Page 39 ---
36 
 
management framework. This department is independent of business management and reports 
regularly to the Issuer’s risk management committee. 
Primary responsibility for compliance with all applicable regulatory requirements rests with senior 
management of the business and functional groups and extends to all employees. The compliance 
department’s activities support those groups, with particular emphasis on regulatory requirements that 
govern the relationship between the Issuer and its clients, or that help protect the integrity of the capital 
markets. 
Despite the Issuer’s regulatory compliance programme, the Issuer nonetheless remains exposed to 
potential non-conformance with applicable regulatory requirements in the normal course of operating 
its business, which could adversely affect the Issuer’s businesses and results of operations.  See the 
risk factor entitled “Operational Risk Exposure” above for more details about other operational risks 
facing the Issuer. 
Environmental and related social risk  
Environmental and related social risk is the risk of financial loss or damage to reputation associated 
with environmental issues including related social issues, whether arising from CIBC's credit and 
investment activities or related to its own operations. CIBC's corporate environmental policy, originally 
approved by the Board in 1993, with the most recent biennial update and approval by CIBC's chief risk 
officer ("CRO") in 2021, commits CIBC to responsible conduct in all activities to protect and conserve 
the environment; safeguard the interests of all stakeholders from unacceptable levels of environmental 
risk; and support the principles of sustainable development.  
Within CIBC’s risk management function, the enterprise risk management group provides independent 
oversight of the measurement, monitoring and control of environmental risk. This group is led by the 
Senior Vice-President, Enterprise Risk Management, who has direct accountability to the CRO for 
environmental risk oversight. CIBC's environmental risk management team is responsible for 
developing environmental strategy, setting environmental performance standards and targets, and 
reporting on performance.  
The corporate environmental policy is addressed by an integrated corporate environmental 
management program that is under the overall management of the environmental risk management 
team. Environmental and related social evaluations are integrated into CIBC's credit risk assessment 
processes, with standards and procedures in place for all sectors. In addition, environmental and 
related social risk assessments in project finance, project-related corporate and bridge loans are 
required, in accordance with CIBC's commitment to the Equator Principles, which are a voluntary set 
of guidelines for financial institutions based on the screening criteria of the International Finance 
Corporation. CIBC adopted the Equator Principles in 2003. An escalation process is in place for 
transactions with the potential to have significant environmental and related social risk, with escalation 
up to the Reputation and Legal Risks Committee for senior executive review, if required.  
CIBC also conducts ongoing research and benchmarking on environmental issues such as climate 
change as they may pertain to responsible lending practices. CIBC is a participant in the CDP (formerly 
Carbon Disclosure Project) climate change program, which promotes corporate disclosure to the 
investment community on greenhouse gas emissions and climate change management.  
CIBC is also a supporter of the reporting framework developed by the TCFD, which provides guidance 
for voluntary, consistent climate-related risk disclosures. In 2019, CIBC published its first climate-
related disclosure aligned to the TCFD recommendations and structured around its four core elements. 
The Issuer’s TCFD report provides details as to how CIBC is identifying and managing both physical 
and transition risks associated with climate change.  
CIBC keeps informed of emerging risks by engaging with stakeholders through established 
partnerships, such as the United Nations Environment Program – Finance Initiative (UNEP-FI) and the 
Rocky Mountain Institute Center of Climate-Aligned Finance. CIBC is also a signatory to external 
sustainability frameworks such as the Partnership for Carbon Accounting Financials, the Global 
Reporting Initiative and the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board to ensure comparable 
sustainability disclosure.

--- Page 40 ---
37 
 
In 2018, CIBC Asset Management Inc. became a signatory to the United Nations-supported Principles 
for Responsible Investment, which commit signatories to incorporate environmental and social issues 
into investment analysis and decision-making across all investment classes. 
CIBC’s environmental risk management team works closely with CIBC’s main business units and 
functional groups to ensure that high standards of environmental responsibility are applied to the 
banking services that CIBC provides to its clients, the relationships CIBC has with its stakeholders, 
and to the way CIBC manages its facilities. 
CIBC’s Supplier Code of Conduct sets out the principles, standards and behaviours that its suppliers 
must follow, as CIBC expects that they act ethically and adhere to all applicable laws, rules and 
regulations, such as maintaining responsible labour practices and human rights, in the jurisdictions in 
which they operate.  
CIBC’s Modern Slavery and Human Trafficking Statement commits CIBC to respecting human rights 
and standing against slavery and human trafficking in all its business segments and throughout its 
supply chains. 
Despite the CIBC’s efforts and commitment to responsible conduct in all of its business activities and 
operations, it remains exposed to financial loss or damage to reputation associated with environmental 
issues.  See also the risk factor entitled “Reputation and Legal Risk Exposure” above for further details 
on CIBC’s exposure in this regard and the section entitled "Climate risk" found at pages 50-51 of the 
Issuer's 2021 Annual Report, incorporated by reference herein. Further information on this risk can 
also be found at page 81 of the Issuer's 2021 Annual Report, incorporated by reference herein. 
Tax Reform 
As many governments take on additional debt to support the economy during the pandemic and look 
to ensure a strong post-pandemic recovery, there are tax reform proposals that could increase taxes 
affecting CIBC. 
In 2021, more than 130 countries, including Canada and the other G20 nations, agreed on a new 
framework for global tax reform. If enacted, these proposals would be effective beginning in 2023. The 
two-pillar framework’s stated purpose is to ensure that large Multinational Enterprises (MNEs) pay tax 
where they operate and earn profit. Pillar One primarily targets MNE technology and consumer facing 
businesses by re-allocating taxing rights to where users are located or goods or services are 
consumed. Pillar Two would introduce a new 15% minimum corporate tax rate on an MNE’s global 
profits. Uncertainty persists with regards to the detail of these proposals, which remain subject to due 
process, and will require approval, ratification and legislation in multiple nations. 
The 2022 Canadian federal budget proposed a number of tax measures including a one-time 15% tax 
(Canada Recovery Dividend) on taxable income of bank and life insurer groups for taxation years 
ending in 2021 payable over a five year period, and an additional tax of 1.5% on taxable income of 
members of bank and life insurer groups for taxation years ending after April 7, 2022. Additional 
proposals would expand the scope of the general anti-avoidance rule, deny a dividend deduction in 
respect of certain hedging arrangements and implement Pillar Two. In addition, in February 2022, the 
Canadian Department of Finance released draft legislative proposals which, if enacted, may limit the 
deductibility of net interest and financing expenses for Canadian tax purposes. The draft legislative 
proposals are generally intended to apply in respect of taxation years beginning on or after January 1, 
2023. Further, on April 29, 2022, the Canadian Department of Finance released draft legislative 
proposals which, if enacted, may limit the deductibility of payments for Canadian tax purposes under 
“hybrid mismatch arrangements”, applicable in respect of payments arising on or after July 1, 2022. 
In 2021, the U.S. Congress proposed legislation called the Build Back Better Act that includes changes 
to corporate income tax laws. Proposals include modifications to the Base Erosion Anti-abuse Tax, 
global low-tax intangible income regime, and foreign-derived intangible income regime as well as new 
corporate minimum taxes. If enacted, most of the proposals would be effective for 2022 or later.  
The proposed legislation remains subject to change and its impact on CIBC is uncertain.

--- Page 41 ---
38 
 
2. Risks related to the Issuer’s financial situation 
The value of the Issuer’s Notes may be affected by the general creditworthiness of the Issuer.  
The Issuer’s results could be affected by legislative and regulatory developments in the 
jurisdictions where the Issuer conducts business   
As the Issuer operates in a number of jurisdictions (see the section entitled “Strategic business units 
overview” on pages 18-30 of the Issuer’s 2021 Annual Report which is incorporated by reference in 
this Prospectus for further details on the Issuer’s business operations and related jurisdictions) and its 
activities are subject to extensive regulation in those jurisdictions, the Issuer’s financial performance 
and position could be affected by changes to law, statutes, regulations or regulatory policies, rules or 
guidelines in those jurisdictions where the Issuer operates, including changes in their interpretation, 
implementation or enforcement.  Such changes could adversely affect the Issuer in a number of ways 
including, but not limited to, increasing the ability of competitors to compete with the products and 
services the Issuer provides, limiting the products and services the Issuer can provide and increasing 
the Issuer’s costs of compliance. Any such change may require the Issuer to reallocate capital 
resources among its business lines, which could have a material impact on the Issuer’s financial results 
and the Issuer’s ability to make payments on the Notes issued by the Issuer.  Also, in spite of the 
precautions the Issuer takes to prevent such an eventuality, failure to comply with law, statutes, 
regulations, rules and guidelines could give rise to penalties and fines that could have an adverse 
impact on its financial results and reputation. 
Risks related to legal proceedings and other contingencies  
In the ordinary course of its business, the Issuer is a party to a number of legal proceedings, including 
regulatory investigations, in which claims for substantial monetary damages are asserted against the 
Issuer and its subsidiaries.  A description of significant ongoing matters to which the Issuer is a party 
can be found in Note 23 to the Issuer’s Consolidated Financial Statements contained in the 2021 
Annual Report and in Note 12 to the Issuer’s including the comparative unaudited interim consolidated 
financial statements for the three-month period ended 31 January 2022 (the “First Quarter 2022 
Financial Statements”) contained in the First Quarter Report, each of which is incorporated by 
reference in this Prospectus.  The provisions disclosed in Note 23 include all of the Issuer’s accruals 
for legal matters as at October 31, 2021 and the provisions in Note 12 include all of the Issuer’s 
accruals for legal matters as at January 31, 2022, including in each case amounts related to the 
significant legal proceedings described in the relevant note and to other legal matters.  The Issuer 
believes the estimate of the aggregate range of reasonably possible losses, in excess of the amounts 
accrued, for its significant legal proceedings, where it is possible to make such estimate, is from nil to 
approximately $1.4 billion as at January 31, 2022.  While there is inherent difficulty in predicting the 
outcome of legal proceedings, based on current knowledge and in consultation with legal counsel, the 
Issuer does not expect the outcome of these matters, individually or in aggregate, to have a material 
adverse effect on its consolidated financial statements.  However, the outcome of these matters, 
individually or in aggregate, may be material to the Issuer’s operating results for a particular reporting 
period. The Issuer regularly assesses the adequacy of its litigation accruals and makes the necessary 
adjustments to incorporate new information as it becomes available.  
In addition, criminal prosecutions of financial institutions in Europe for, among other alleged 
misconduct, breaches of AML and sanctions regulations, anti-trust violations, market manipulation, 
aiding and abetting tax evasion, and providing unlicensed cross-border banking services have become 
more commonplace and may increase in frequency due to increased media attention and higher 
expectations from prosecutors and the public.  
While the Issuer takes what it believes are reasonable measures designed to ensure compliance with 
law, statutes, regulations and regulatory policies, rules or guidelines in the jurisdictions in which it 
conducts business, there can be no assurance that the Issuer will always be in compliance or deemed 
to be in compliance. It is possible that the Issuer could receive judicial or regulatory decisions or 
judgments that result in fines, criminal prosecution, damages and other costs that could damage its 
reputation and have a negative impact on the Issuer’s results.

--- Page 42 ---
39 
 
The Issuer relies on third parties to provide certain key components of its business 
infrastructure  
Third parties provide key components of the Issuer’s business infrastructure such as Internet 
connections and network access and other voice or data communication services. Given the high 
volume of transactions the Issuer processes on a daily basis, certain errors may be repeated or 
compounded before they are discovered and successfully rectified.  Despite any contingency plans 
the Issuer may have in place, the Issuer’s ability to conduct business may be adversely impacted by a 
disruption in the infrastructure that supports the Issuer’s businesses and the communities in which 
they are located. This may include a disruption involving electrical, communications, transportation or 
other services used by the Issuer or by third parties with which the Issuer conducts business.  Such 
disruptions could adversely affect the Issuer’s ability to deliver products and services to clients and 
otherwise conduct business which may expose the Issuer to service disruptions, regulatory action or 
litigation and may have an adverse effect on its financial results and reputation.  For additional 
information regarding risks to the Issuer in connection with third parties, see the risk factor entitled 
“Third Party Risk” above. 
Borrower and Counterparty Risk Exposure  
The ability of the Issuer to make payments in connection with any Notes is subject to general credit 
risks, including credit risks of borrowers. The failure to effectively manage credit risk across the Issuer’s 
products, services and activities can have a direct, immediate and material impact on the Issuer’s 
earnings and reputation.  Third parties that owe the Issuer money, securities or other assets may not 
pay or perform under their obligations. These parties include borrowers under loans granted, trading 
counterparties, counterparties under derivative contracts, agents and financial intermediaries. These 
parties may default on their obligations to the Issuer due to bankruptcy, lack of liquidity, downturns in 
the economy or real estate values, operational failure or other reasons, adversely impacting the 
Issuer’s financial position and prospects. 
A number of the Issuer’s counterparties are EU and UK credit institutions and investments firms, 
including certain of the Dealers under the Programme (collectively, “BRRD Firms”), which are subject 
to Directive 2014/59/EU (as amended, and including, in the case of UK credit institutions and 
investment firms, as implemented in the United Kingdom by virtue of the UK Banking Act, as amended 
by The Bank Recovery and Resolution and Miscellaneous Provisions (Amendment) (EU Exit) 
Regulations 2018, “BRRD”), which is intended to enable a range of actions to be taken in relation to 
BRRD firms considered to be at risk of failing. The BRRD is designed to provide authorities with a 
credible set of tools to intervene sufficiently early and quickly in an unsound or failing BRRD Firm so 
as to ensure the continuity of the institution’s critical financial and economic functions, while minimising 
the impact of the institution’s failure on the economy and financial system.  The BRRD was applied in 
Member States of the EEA and in the UK from 1 January 2015 with the exception of the bail-in tool 
(referred to below) which was applicable from 1 January 2016. 
The BRRD contains four resolution tools and powers which may be used alone or in combination 
where the relevant resolution authority considers that (a) any of the Issuer’s BRRD Firm counterparties 
is failing or likely to fail; (b) there is no reasonable prospect that any alternative private sector measures 
would prevent the failure of such institution within a reasonable timeframe, and (c) a resolution action 
is in the public interest.  Such resolution tools and powers are: (i) sale of business; (ii) bridge institution; 
(iii) asset separation; and (iv) bail-in.  The bail-in tool gives the resolution authority the power to write 
down or convert certain unsecured debt instruments of any of the Issuer’s BRRD Firm counterparties 
into shares (or other instruments of ownership), to reduce the outstanding amount due under such 
debt instruments (including reducing such amounts to zero) or to cancel, modify or vary the terms of 
such debt instruments (including varying the maturity of such instruments) and other contractual 
arrangements.  The BRRD also provides for a member state of the EEA and the United Kingdom (each 
a “Relevant State”) as a last resort, after having assessed and exploited the above resolution tools to 
the maximum extent possible whilst maintaining financial stability, to be able to provide extraordinary 
public financial support through additional financial stabilisation tools.  These consist of the public 
equity support and temporary public ownership tools.  Any such extraordinary financial support must 
be provided in accordance with the applicable state aid framework.

--- Page 43 ---
40 
 
An institution will be considered as failing or likely to fail when: (i) it is, or is likely in the near future to 
be, in breach of its requirements for continuing authorisation; (ii) its assets are, or are likely in the near 
future to be, less than its liabilities; (iii) it is, or is likely in the near future to be, unable to pay its debts 
as they fall due; or (iv) it requires extraordinary public financial support (except in limited 
circumstances). 
In the normal course of business, the Issuer deals with BRRD Firms to whom the BRRD and its bail-
in power applies.  The powers set out in the BRRD will impact how such BRRD Firms are managed 
as well as, in certain circumstances, the rights of their creditors including the Issuer. For instance, the 
Issuer and the Note holders may be affected by disruptions due to an BRRD Firm party to the 
Programme not being able to fulfil its obligations as issuing and paying agent, European registrar, 
calculation agent or similar roles. Further information on credit risk and the Issuer's exposure can be 
found at pages 54-65 of the Issuer's 2021 Annual Report and pages 26-29 of the First Quarter Report, 
each of which is incorporated by reference herein. 
Changes in financial markets, market rates and prices may adversely affect the value 
of financial products held by the Issuer   
The performance of financial markets may affect the value of financial products held by the Issuer. 
This market risk arises from positions in securities and derivatives held in the Issuer’s trading portfolios, 
and from its retail banking business, investment portfolios and other non-trading activities. Market risk 
is the risk of economic financial loss in the Issuer’s trading and non-trading portfolios from adverse 
changes in underlying market factors, including interest rates, foreign exchange rates, equity market 
prices, commodity prices, credit spreads, and customer behaviour for retail products.  Further details 
on the Issuer's exposure to market risks in its trading and non-trading portfolios can be found on pages 
66-71 of the Issuer's 2021 Annual Report and pages 30-32 of the First Quarter Report, each of which 
is incorporated by reference in this Prospectus. 
While the Issuer has implemented risk management methods to mitigate and control these and other 
market risks to which the Issuer is exposed, it is difficult to predict with accuracy changes in economic 
and market conditions and to anticipate the effects that such changes could have on the Issuer’s 
financial performance. 
Failure to obtain accurate and complete information from or on behalf of the Issuer’s 
clients and counterparties could adversely affect the Issuer’s results   
The Issuer depends on the accuracy and completeness of information about clients and 
counterparties. When deciding to authorise credit or enter into other transactions with clients and 
counterparties, the Issuer may rely on information provided to it by or on behalf of clients and 
counterparties, including financial statements and other financial and non-financial information. The 
Issuer also may rely on representations of clients and counterparties as to the completeness and 
accuracy of that information. The Issuer’s financial results could be adversely impacted if the financial 
statements and other financial information relating to clients and counterparties on which it relies do 
not comply with recognised accounting standards such as International Financial Reporting Standards 
("IFRS"), are materially misleading, or do not fairly present, in all material respects, the financial 
condition and results of operations of the clients and counterparties.  See also the risk factor entitled 
“Third Party Risk”, above, for information regarding risks to the Issuer in connection with business 
relationships with third parties. 
The Issuer faces intense competition in all aspects of its business from established 
competitors and new entrants in the financial services industry  
The competition for clients among financial services companies is intense. Client loyalty and retention 
can be influenced by a number of factors, including new technology used or services offered by 
competitors, the attributes of the Issuer’s products or services, the Issuer’s relative service levels and 
prices, the Issuer’s reputation and actions taken by the Issuer’s competitors and adherence with 
competition and anti-trust laws. Non-financial companies are increasingly providing consumers with 
services traditionally provided by banks (as further described in the risk factor entitled 
“Disintermediation Risk” above). Securities transactions can be conducted through the Internet and 
other alternative, non-trading systems. In addition, the shadow banking system may create additional

--- Page 44 ---
41 
 
competition for the Issuer. The Issuer expects these trends to continue. Such developments could 
reduce revenues and adversely affect the Issuer’s earnings. 
The Issuer’s revenues and earnings are substantially dependent on the economies of 
Canada, the United States, Europe and the Caribbean, which can in turn be affected by 
general business and economic conditions worldwide   
The Issuer’s revenues and earnings are dependent on the level of financial services its customers 
require. Levels of customer activity can be affected by factors such as interest rates, foreign exchange 
rates, consumer spending, business investment, government spending, the health of the capital 
markets, inflation and terrorism. The Issuer conducts most of its business in Canada, the United States, 
Europe and the Caribbean. Further details on the Issuer’s business activities can be found in the 
section entitled “Strategic Business Units” on pages 18-30 of the Issuer’s 2021 Annual Report which 
is incorporated by reference in this Prospectus. Consequently, the Issuer’s performance is influenced 
by the level and cyclical nature of business and home lending activity in these countries, which is in 
turn impacted by both domestic and international economic and political events. There can be no 
assurance that a weakening in the Canadian, United States, European or Caribbean economies will 
not materially affect the Issuer’s financial condition and results of operations. The economic conditions 
of other regions where the Issuer conducts operations can also affect the future performance of the 
Issuer. 
The Issuer’s success in developing and introducing new products and services, 
expanding distribution channels, developing new distribution channels and realizing 
revenue from these channels could affect the Issuer’s revenues and earnings   
The Issuer’s ability to maintain or increase its market share depends, in part, on its ability to adapt 
products and services to evolving industry standards. For a description of the Issuer’s products and 
services see the section entitled “Strategic Business Units” on pages 18-30 of the Issuer’s 2021 Annual 
Report, which is incorporated by reference in this Prospectus.  There is increasing pressure on 
financial services companies to provide products and services at lower prices. This can reduce the 
Issuer’s net interest income and revenues from fee-based products and services. In addition, the 
widespread adoption of new technologies by the Issuer, including Internet-based services, could 
require the Issuer to make substantial expenditures to modify or adapt existing products and services 
without any guarantee that such technologies could be deployed successfully. These new technologies 
could be used in unprecedented ways by the increasingly sophisticated parties who direct their 
attempts to defraud the Issuer or its customers through many channels.  For additional details on the 
risks involved with new technologies, see also the risk factor entitled “Technology, Information and 
Cyber Security Risk” above.  The Issuer might not be successful in developing and introducing new 
products and services, achieving market acceptance of its products and services, developing and 
maintaining loyal clients, developing and expanding distribution channels and/or realizing revenue 
from these channels, and this may adversely affect its financial position and prospects. 
Movements of the Canadian dollar relative to other currencies, particularly the U.S. 
dollar and the currencies of other jurisdictions in which the Issuer conducts business, 
may affect the Issuer’s revenues, expenses and earnings  
The majority of the Issuer’s trading exposure to foreign exchange risk arises from transactions 
involving the Canadian dollar, U.S. dollar, Euro, pound sterling, Australian dollar, Chinese yuan, and 
Japanese yen, whereas the primary risks of losses in equities are in the U.S., Canadian, and European 
markets. Trading exposure to commodities arises primarily from transactions involving North American 
natural gas, crude oil products, and precious metals.  Further details on the Issuer’s exposure to 
commodities risk can be found under the risk factor entitled “Commodity Risk” above.  Currency 
exchange rate movements in Canada, the U.S., Europe and the other jurisdictions in which the Issuer 
conducts business impact the Issuer’s financial position (as a result of foreign currency translation 
adjustments) and the Issuer’s future earnings.  For example, if the value of the Canadian dollar rises 
against the U.S. dollar, the Issuer’s investments and earnings in the U.S. may be negatively affected. 
Changes in the value of the Canadian dollar relative to the U.S. dollar may also affect the earnings of 
the Issuer’s small business, commercial and corporate clients in Canada.

--- Page 45 ---
42 
 
The Issuer’s earnings are affected by the monetary policies of central banks and other 
financial market developments  
Changes in central banks’ monetary policies and the general level of interest rates can impact the 
Issuer’s profitability. A change in the level of interest rates can affect the interest spread between the 
Issuer’s deposits and loans and as a result could impact the Issuer’s net interest income. A discussion 
of the Issuer’s net interest income and margin for fiscal 2021 can be found on page 8 of the Issuer’s 
2021 Annual Report which is incorporated by reference in this Prospectus.  Changes in monetary 
policy and developments in the financial markets are beyond the Issuer’s control and difficult to predict 
or anticipate and could have an adverse effect on the Issuer’s ability to fulfil its obligations under the 
Notes. 
The accounting policies and methods the Issuer utilizes determine how it reports its 
financial condition and results of operations, and they may require management to 
make judgments and estimates about matters that are uncertain; such judgments and 
estimates may require revision, which could have a material impact on the Issuer’s 
financial results and financial condition  
The Issuer’s financial condition and results of operations are reported using IFRS. In certain cases, 
IFRS allows accounting policies and methods to be selected from two or more alternatives, any of 
which might be reasonable, yet could result in the reporting of materially different amounts.  Significant 
accounting policies applicable to the consolidated financial statements of the Issuer are described in 
Note 1 thereto on pages 122 through 134 of the 2021 Annual Report, which pages are incorporated 
herein by reference. 
Certain accounting policies require the Issuer to make judgments and estimates, some of which may 
relate to matters that are uncertain, including fair value adjustments, the estimation of expected credit 
losses and determination of the amount of impairments.  The Issuer believes that it has made 
appropriate fair value adjustments, provisions for expected credit losses and has taken appropriate 
impairments to date. The establishment of fair value adjustments, provisions for expected credit losses 
and the determination of the amount of impairments involve estimates that are based on accounting 
processes and judgments by management. The Issuer evaluates the adequacy of the fair value 
adjustments, provisions for expected credit losses and the amount of impairments on an ongoing basis. 
The levels of fair value adjustments, provisions for expected credit losses and the amount of the 
impairments could change as events warrant and may not reflect ultimate realizable amounts.  The 
estimates and judgments made by management may require revision, and changes to them could 
have a material impact on the Issuer’s financial results and financial condition. 
The Issuer has established control procedures to ensure accounting policies are applied consistently 
and processes for changing methodologies are well controlled.  Despite these procedures, changes in 
the judgments and estimates required in the critical accounting policies could have a material impact 
on the Issuer’s financial results. 
Changes to the Issuer’s credit ratings  
There is no assurance that the Issuer’s credit ratings, which are set out on page 291 of this Prospectus, 
will remain for any given period of time or that a rating will not be suspended, lowered or withdrawn by 
the relevant rating agency if, in its judgment, circumstances in the future so warrant. In the event that 
a rating assigned to the Issuer, or any Notes the Issuer may issue, is subsequently suspended, lowered 
or withdrawn for any reason, no person or entity is obliged to provide any additional support or credit 
enhancement with respect to the Notes issued by the Issuer, the Issuer may be adversely affected, 
the market value of the Notes issued by the Issuer is likely to be adversely affected and the ability of 
the Issuer to make payments under the Notes issued by the Issuer may be adversely affected.  
The Issuer’s ability to access unsecured funding markets and to engage in certain collateral business 
activities on a cost-effective basis is primarily dependent upon maintaining competitive credit ratings.  
A lowering, suspension or withdrawal of the Issuer’s credit ratings may have potentially adverse 
consequences for the Issuer’s funding capacity or access to capital markets and may also affect the 
Issuer’s ability, and the cost, to enter into normal course derivatives or hedging transactions and may 
require it to post additional collateral under certain contracts.

--- Page 46 ---
43 
 
Liquidity Risk  
Liquidity risk is the risk of having insufficient cash or its equivalent in a timely and cost-effective manner 
to meet financial obligations as they come due. Common sources of liquidity risk inherent in banking 
services include unanticipated withdrawals of deposits, the inability to replace maturing debt, credit 
and liquidity commitments, and additional pledging or other collateral requirements.  
The Issuer’s approach to liquidity risk management supports its business strategy, aligns with its risk 
appetite and adheres to regulatory expectations. The Issuer’s management strategies, objectives and 
practices are regularly reviewed to align with changes to the liquidity environment, including regulatory, 
business and/or market developments.  Liquidity risk remains within the Issuer’s risk appetite. 
The Issuer manages liquidity risk in a manner that enables it to withstand liquidity stress without an 
adverse impact on the viability of its operations. Actual and anticipated cash flows generated from on- 
and off-balance sheet exposures are routinely measured and monitored to ensure compliance with 
established internal and regulatory thresholds, including those prescribed by OSFI’s Liquidity 
Adequacy Requirements (“LAR”).  Furthermore, CIBC incorporates stress testing into its management 
and measurement of liquidity risk. 
CIBC continuously evaluates opportunities to diversify into new funding products and investor 
segments in an effort to maximize funding flexibility and minimize concentration and financing costs. 
CIBC regularly monitors wholesale funding levels and concentrations to internal limits consistent with 
its desired liquidity risk profile. 
Further disclosure on the measures the Issuer has in place to manage liquidity risk, including the 
specific requirements under the LAR are set out on pages 72-79 of the Issuer’s 2021 Annual Report 
which is incorporated by reference in this Prospectus. 
3. Factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the bail-in risks 
associated with Notes issued under the Programme 
a) Risks related to Bail-inable Notes 
Bail-inable Notes will be subject to risks, including non-payment in full or conversion 
in whole or in part – by means of a transaction or series of transactions and in one or 
more steps – into common shares of the Issuer or any of its affiliates, under Canadian 
bank resolution powers 
Notes that are Bail-inable Notes (as defined below) are subject to conversion in whole or in part – by 
means of a transaction or series of transactions and in one or more steps – into common shares of the 
Issuer or any of its affiliates under subsection 39.2(2.3) of the Canada Deposit Insurance Corporation 
Act (Canada) (the “CDIC Act”) and to variation or extinguishment in consequence, and subject to the 
application of the laws of the Province of Ontario and the federal laws of Canada applicable therein in 
respect of the operation of the CDIC Act with respect to the Bail-inable Notes. Notwithstanding any 
other terms of the Issuer’s liability, any other law that governs the Issuer’s liability and any other 
agreement, arrangement or understanding between the parties with respect to the Issuer’s liability, 
each holder or beneficial owner of an interest in the Bail-inable Notes is deemed to be bound by the 
laws of the Province of Ontario and the federal laws of Canada applicable therein in respect of the 
operation of the CDIC Act with respect to the Bail-inable Notes and, by acquiring an interest in the Bail-
inable Notes, is deemed to attorn to the jurisdiction of the courts in the Province of Ontario in Canada. 
Certain provisions of and regulations under the Bank Act (Canada) (the “Bank Act”), the CDIC Act 
and certain other Canadian federal statutes pertaining to banks (collectively, the “Bail-in Regime”), 
provide for a bank recapitalization regime for banks designated by the Superintendent of Financial 
Institutions (Canada) (the “Superintendent”) as domestic systemically important banks (“D-SIBs”), 
which include the Issuer. 
The expressed objectives of the Bail-in Regime include reducing government and taxpayer exposure 
in the unlikely event of a failure of a D-SIB, reducing the likelihood of such a failure by increasing

--- Page 47 ---
44 
 
market discipline and reinforcing that bank shareholders and creditors are responsible for the D-SIBs’ 
risks and not taxpayers, and preserving financial stability by empowering the Canada Deposit 
Insurance Corporation (“CDIC”), Canada’s resolution authority, to quickly restore a failed D-SIB to 
viability and allow it to remain open and operating, even where the D-SIB has experienced severe 
losses. 
Under the CDIC Act, in circumstances where the Superintendent is of the opinion that the Issuer has 
ceased, or is about to cease, to be viable and viability cannot be restored or preserved by exercise of 
the Superintendent’s powers under the Bank Act, the Superintendent, after providing the Issuer with a 
reasonable opportunity to make representations, is required to provide a report to CDIC. Following 
receipt of the Superintendent’s report, CDIC may request the Minister of Finance for Canada (the 
“Minister of Finance”) to recommend that the Governor in Council (Canada) make an Order (as 
defined below) and, if the Minister of Finance is of the opinion that it is in the public interest to do so, 
the Minister of Finance may recommend that the Governor in Council (Canada) make, and on such 
recommendation, the Governor in Council (Canada) may make, one or more Orders including a 
Conversion Order (see “Risks relating to Notes generally - Canadian bank resolution powers confer 
substantial powers on Canadian authorities designed to enable them to take a range of actions in 
relation to the Issuer where a determination is made that the Issuer has ceased, or is about to cease, 
to be viable and such viability cannot be restored or preserved, which if taken could result in holders 
or beneficial owners of Notes being exposed to losses”). 
Upon the making of a Conversion Order, prescribed shares and liabilities under the Bail-in Regime 
that are subject to that Conversion Order will, to the extent converted, be converted into common 
shares of the Issuer or any of its affiliates, as determined by CDIC (a “Bail-in Conversion”).  Subject 
to certain exceptions discussed below, the Bail-in Regime provides that senior debt issued on or after 
September 23, 2018, with an initial or amended term to maturity, (including explicit or embedded 
options) greater than 400 days, that is unsecured or partially secured and that has been assigned a 
CUSIP or ISIN or similar identification number are subject to a Bail-in Conversion. Shares, other than 
common shares, and subordinated debt of the Issuer will also be subject to a Bail-in Conversion, 
unless they are non-viability contingent capital. All Notes that are subject to Bail-in Conversion will be 
identified as Bail-inable Notes in the applicable Issue Terms (“Bail-inable Notes”).  See Condition 3(a) 
– Status of Notes on page 102 of this Prospectus for further details on the terms applicable to Bail-
inable Notes. 
Covered bonds, derivatives and certain structured notes (as such term is used under the Bail-in 
Regime) are expressly excluded from a Bail-in Conversion.  To the extent that any Notes constitute 
structured notes (as such term is used under the Bail-in Regime) they will not be Bail-inable Notes and 
will not be identified as Bail-inable Notes in the applicable Issue Terms. As a result, claims of some 
creditors whose claims would otherwise rank equally with those of the holders of Bail-inable Notes 
would be excluded from a Bail-in Conversion and thus the holders and beneficial owners of Bail-inable 
Notes will have to absorb losses ahead of these other creditors as a result of the Bail-in Conversion 
while other creditors may not be exposed to losses. 
If the CDIC were to take action under the Canadian bank resolution powers with respect to the Issuer, 
this could result in holders or beneficial owners of Bail-inable Notes being exposed to conversion of 
the Bail-inable Notes in whole or in part. Upon a Bail-in Conversion, the holders of Bail-inable Notes 
that are converted will be obligated to accept the common shares of the Issuer or any of its affiliates 
into which such Bail-inable Notes, or any portion thereof, are converted even if such Noteholders do 
not at the time consider such common shares to be an appropriate investment for them, and despite 
any change in the Issuer or any of its affiliates, or the fact that such common shares are issued by an 
affiliate of the Issuer or any disruption to or lack of a market for such common shares or disruption to 
capital markets generally.  The terms and conditions of the Bail-in Conversion will be determined by 
CDIC in accordance with and subject to certain requirements discussed below (see “The number of 
common shares to be issued in connection with, and the number of common shares that will be 
outstanding following, a Bail-in Conversion are unknown. It is also unknown whether the shares to be 
issued will be those of the Issuer or one of its affiliates” below).  See also “Investors in Bearer Notes 
who hold less than the minimum Specified Denomination (including after a partial Bail-in Conversion 
or any other resolution action) may be unable to sell their Bearer Notes and may be adversely affected 
if definitive Bearer Notes are subsequently required to be issued” below for a risk of partial conversions.

--- Page 48 ---
45 
 
As a result, holders of Bail-inable Notes should consider the risk that they may lose all or part of their 
investment, plus any accrued interest or additional amounts, if CDIC were to take action under the 
Canadian bank resolution powers, including the Bail-in Regime, and that any remaining outstanding 
Notes, or common shares of the Issuer or any of its affiliates into which Bail-inable Notes are converted, 
may be of little value at the time of a Bail-in Conversion and thereafter. 
Bail-inable Notes will provide only limited acceleration and enforcement rights and will 
include other provisions intended to qualify such Notes as TLAC 
In connection with the Bail-in Regime, the Office of the Superintendent of Financial Institutions’ 
(“OSFI”) guideline as interpreted by the Superintendent (the “TLAC Guideline”) on Total Loss 
Absorbing Capacity (“TLAC”) applies to and establishes standards for D-SIBs, including the Issuer. 
Under the TLAC Guideline, from November 1, 2021, the Issuer is required to maintain a minimum 
capacity to absorb losses composed of unsecured external long-term debt that meets the prescribed 
criteria and regulatory capital instruments to support recapitalisation in the event of a failure. Bail-
inable Notes and regulatory capital instruments that meet the prescribed criteria will constitute TLAC 
of the Issuer.  
In order to comply with the TLAC Guideline, Bail-inable Notes must provide for terms and conditions 
necessary to meet the prescribed criteria and qualify at their issuance as TLAC instruments of the 
Issuer under the TLAC Guideline.  Those criteria include the following: 
• 
the Issuer cannot directly or indirectly have provided financing to any person for the express 
purpose of investing in the Bail-inable Notes; 
• 
the Bail-inable Notes are not subject to set-off, netting, compensation or retention rights; 
• 
the Bail-inable Notes must not provide rights to accelerate repayment of principal or interest 
payments outside of bankruptcy, insolvency, wind-up or liquidation, except that events of 
default relating to the non-payment of scheduled principal and/or interest payments will be 
permitted where they are subject to a cure period of no less than 30 business days and clearly 
disclose to investors that: (i) acceleration is only permitted where an Order (as defined below) 
has not been made in respect of the Issuer; and (ii) notwithstanding any acceleration, the 
instrument could still be subject to a Bail-in Conversion prior to its repayment; 
• 
the Bail-inable Notes may be redeemed or purchased for cancellation (as applicable) only at 
the initiative of the Issuer and, where the redemption or purchase would lead to a breach of 
the Issuer’s minimum TLAC requirements, that redemption or purchase would be subject to 
the prior approval of the Superintendent;  
• 
the Bail-inable Notes do not have credit-sensitive dividend or coupon features that are reset 
periodically based in whole or in part on the Issuer’s credit standing; and 
• 
where an amendment or variance of the Bail-inable Notes’ terms and conditions would affect 
their recognition as TLAC, that amendment or variance will only be permitted with the prior 
approval of the Superintendent. 
As a result, the terms of the Bail-inable Notes provide that acceleration will only be permitted (i) if the 
Issuer defaults in the payment of the principal or interest for a period of more than 30 business days, 
or (ii) certain bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganisation events occur. Holders and beneficial owners of 
Bail-inable Notes may only exercise, or direct the exercise of, such rights in respect of Bail-inable 
Notes where an Order has not been made under Canadian bank resolution powers pursuant to 
subsection 39.13(1) of the CDIC Act in respect of the Issuer. Notwithstanding the exercise of those 
rights, Bail-inable Notes will continue to be subject to Bail-in Conversion until paid in full.  See also 
Condition 18 – Events of Default on page 206 of this Prospectus 
The terms of the Bail-inable Notes also provide that holders or beneficial owners of Bail-inable Notes 
will not be entitled to exercise, or direct the exercise of, any set-off or netting rights with respect to Bail-
inable Notes.  In addition, where an amendment, modification or other variance that can be made to

--- Page 49 ---
46 
 
the Bail-inable Notes would affect the recognition of the Bail-inable Notes by the Superintendent as 
TLAC, that amendment, modification or variance will require the prior approval of the Superintendent. 
The circumstances surrounding a Bail-in Conversion are unpredictable and can be 
expected to have an adverse effect on the market price of Bail-inable Notes 
The decision as to whether the Issuer has ceased, or is about to cease, to be viable is a subjective 
determination by the Superintendent that is outside the control of the Issuer. Upon a Bail-in 
Conversion, the interests of depositors and holders of liabilities and securities of the Issuer that are 
not converted will effectively all rank in priority to the portion of Bail-inable Notes that are converted. 
In addition, except as provided for under the compensation process, the rights of Noteholders in 
respect of the Bail-inable Notes that have been converted will rank on parity with other holders of 
common shares of the Issuer (or, as applicable, common shares of the affiliate whose common shares 
are issued on the Bail-in Conversion). 
There is no limitation on the type of Order that may be made where it has been determined that the 
Issuer has ceased, or is about to cease, to be viable. As a result, Noteholders holding Bail-inable Notes 
may be exposed to losses through the use of Canadian bank resolution powers other than a 
Conversion Order or in liquidation.  
Because of the uncertainty regarding when and whether an Order will be made and the type of Order 
that may be made, it will be difficult to predict when, if at all, Bail-inable Notes could be converted into 
common shares of the Issuer or any of its affiliates, and there is not likely to be any advance notice of 
an Order. As a result of this uncertainty, trading behaviour in respect of the Bail-inable Notes may not 
follow trading behaviour associated with convertible or exchangeable securities or, in circumstances 
where the Issuer is trending towards ceasing to be viable, other senior debt.  Any indication, whether 
real or perceived, that the Issuer is trending towards ceasing to be viable can be expected to have an 
adverse effect on the market price of the Bail-inable Notes. Therefore, in those circumstances, 
Noteholders of Bail-inable Notes may not be able to sell their Bail-inable Notes easily or at prices 
comparable to those of senior debt securities not subject to Bail-in Conversion. 
The number of common shares to be issued in connection with, and the number of 
common shares that will be outstanding following, a Bail-in Conversion are unknown. 
It is also unknown whether the shares to be issued will be those of the Issuer or one of 
its affiliates 
Under the Bail-in Regime there is no fixed and pre-determined contractual conversion ratio for the 
conversion of the Bail-inable Notes, or other shares or liabilities of the Issuer that are subject to a Bail-
in Conversion, into common shares of the Issuer or any of its affiliates, nor are there specific 
requirements regarding whether liabilities subject to a Bail-in Conversion are converted into common 
shares of the Issuer or any of its affiliates.  See Condition 3(a) – Status of Notes on page 102 of this 
Prospectus for further details on the terms applicable to Bail-inable Notes.  
CDIC determines the timing of the Bail-in Conversion, the portion of bail-inable shares and liabilities 
to be converted and the terms and conditions of the Bail-in Conversion, subject to parameters set out 
in the Bail-in Regime. Those parameters include that:  
• 
in carrying out a Bail-in Conversion, CDIC must take into consideration the requirement in the 
Bank Act for banks to maintain adequate capital; 
• 
CDIC must use its best efforts to ensure that shares and liabilities subject to a Bail-in 
Conversion are only converted after all subordinate ranking shares and liabilities that are 
subject to a Bail-in Conversion and any subordinate non-viability contingent capital 
instruments have been previously converted or are converted during the same restructuring 
period; 
• 
CDIC must use its best efforts to ensure that the converted part of the liquidation entitlement 
of a share subject to a Bail-in Conversion, or the converted part of the principal amount and 
accrued and unpaid interest of a liability subject to a Bail-in Conversion, is converted on a pro

--- Page 50 ---
47 
 
rata basis for all shares or liabilities subject to a Bail-in Conversion of equal rank that are 
converted during the same restructuring period; 
• 
holders of shares and liabilities that are subject to a Bail-in Conversion must receive a greater 
number of common shares per dollar of the converted part of the liquidation entitlement of their 
shares, or the converted part of the principal amount and accrued and unpaid interest of their 
liabilities, than holders of any subordinate shares or liabilities subject to a Bail-in Conversion 
that are converted during the same restructuring period or of any subordinate non-viability 
contingent capital that is converted during the same restructuring period; 
• 
holders of shares or liabilities subject to a Bail-in Conversion of equal rank that are converted 
during the same restructuring period must receive the same number of common shares per 
dollar of the converted part of the liquidation entitlement of their shares or the converted part 
of the principal amount and accrued and unpaid interest of their liabilities; and 
• 
holders of shares or liabilities subject to a Bail-in Conversion must receive, if any non-viability 
contingent capital of equal rank to the shares or liabilities is converted during the same 
restructuring period, a number of common shares per dollar of the converted part of the 
liquidation entitlement of their shares, or the converted part of the principal amount and 
accrued and unpaid interest of their liabilities, that is equal to the largest number of common 
shares received by any holder of the non-viability contingent capital per dollar of that capital. 
As a result, it is not possible to anticipate the potential number of common shares of the Issuer or its 
affiliates that would be issued in respect of any Bail-inable Notes converted on a Bail-in Conversion, 
the aggregate number of such common shares that will be outstanding following the Bail-in 
Conversion, the effect of dilution on the common shares received in respect of any Bail-inable Notes 
converted on a Bail-in Conversion from other issuances of common shares of the same issuer under 
or in connection with an Order or related actions in respect of the Issuer or its affiliates or the value of 
any common shares received by Noteholders of converted Bail-inable Notes, which could be 
significantly less than the amount which may otherwise have been due under the converted Bail-inable 
Notes. It is also not possible to anticipate whether shares of the Issuer or shares of its affiliates would 
be issued in a Bail-in Conversion. There may be an illiquid market, or no market at all, in the common 
shares issued upon a Bail-in Conversion and such Noteholders may not be able to sell those common 
shares at a price equal to the value of the converted Bail-inable Notes and as a result may suffer 
significant losses that may not be offset by compensation, if any, received as part of the compensation 
process. Fluctuations in exchange rates may exacerbate such losses. 
By acquiring Bail-inable Notes, each Noteholder or beneficial owner of that Bail-inable 
Note is deemed to agree to be bound by a Bail-in Conversion and so will have no further 
rights in respect of its Bail-inable Notes to the extent those Bail-inable Notes are 
converted in a Bail-in Conversion, other than those provided under the Bail-in Regime.  
Any potential compensation to be provided through the compensation process under 
the CDIC Act is unknown 
The CDIC Act provides for a compensation process for Noteholders holding Bail-inable Notes who 
immediately prior to the making of an Order, directly or through an intermediary, own Bail-inable Notes 
that are converted in a Bail-in Conversion. While this process applies to successors of such 
Noteholders it does not apply to assignees or transferees of the Noteholder following the making of 
the Order and does not apply if the amounts owing under the relevant Bail-inable Notes are paid in 
full. 
Under the compensation process, the compensation to which such Noteholders are entitled is the 
difference, to the extent it is positive, between the estimated liquidation value and the estimated 
resolution value of the relevant Bail-inable Notes. The liquidation value is the estimated value the Bail-
inable Noteholders would have received if an order under the Winding-up and Restructuring Act 
(Canada) had been made in respect of the Issuer, as if no Order had been made and without taking 
into consideration any assistance, financial or otherwise, that is or may be provided to the Issuer, 
directly or indirectly, by CDIC, the Bank of Canada, the Government of Canada or a province of 
Canada, after any order to wind up the Issuer has been made.

--- Page 51 ---
48 
 
The resolution value in respect of relevant Bail-inable Notes is the aggregate estimated value of the 
following: (a) the relevant Bail-inable Notes, if they are not held by CDIC and they are not converted, 
after the making of an Order, into common shares under a Bail-in Conversion; (b) common shares that 
are the result of a Bail-in Conversion after the making of an Order; (c) any dividend or interest payments 
made, after the making of the Order, with respect to the relevant Bail-inable Notes to any person other 
than CDIC; and (d) any other cash, securities or other rights or interests that are received or to be 
received with respect to the relevant Bail-inable Notes as a direct or indirect result of the making of the 
Order and any actions taken in furtherance of the Order, including from CDIC, the Issuer, the liquidator 
of the Issuer, if the Issuer is wound up, the liquidator of a CDIC subsidiary incorporated or acquired by 
order of the Governor in Council for the purposes of facilitating the acquisition, management or 
disposal of real property or other assets of the Issuer that CDIC may acquire as the result of its 
operations that is liquidated or the liquidator of a bridge institution if the bridge institution is wound up. 
In connection with the compensation process, CDIC is required to estimate the liquidation value and 
the resolution value in respect of the portion of converted Bail-inable Notes and is required to consider 
the difference between the estimated day on which the liquidation value would be received and the 
estimated day on which the resolution value is, or would be, received.  
CDIC must, within a reasonable period following a Bail-in Conversion, make an offer of compensation 
by notice to the relevant Noteholders that held Bail-inable Notes equal to, or in value estimated to be 
equal to, the amount of compensation to which such Noteholders are entitled or provide a notice stating 
that such Noteholders are not entitled to any compensation.  In either case such notice is required to 
include certain prescribed information, including important information regarding the rights of such 
Noteholders to seek to object and have the compensation to which they are entitled determined by an 
assessor (a Canadian Federal Court judge) where holders of liabilities representing at least 10 per 
cent. of the principal amount and accrued and unpaid interest of the liabilities of the same class object 
to the offer or absence of compensation.  The period for objecting is limited (45 days following the day 
on which a summary of the notice is published in the Canada Gazette) and failure by Noteholders 
holding a sufficient principal amount plus accrued and unpaid interest of affected Bail-inable Notes to 
object within the prescribed period will result in the loss of any ability to object to the offered 
compensation or absence of compensation, as applicable. CDIC will pay each relevant Noteholder the 
offered compensation within 135 days after the date on which a summary of the notice is published in 
the Canada Gazette if the offer of compensation is accepted by the Noteholder, the Noteholder does 
not notify CDIC of acceptance or objection to the offer within the aforementioned 45-day period or the 
holder objects to the offer but the 10 per cent. threshold described above is not met within the 
aforementioned 45-day period.  
Where an assessor is appointed, the assessor could determine a different amount of compensation 
payable, which could either be higher or lower than the original amount.  The assessor is required to 
provide holders, whose compensation it determines, notice of its determination. The assessor’s 
determination is final and there are no further opportunities for review or appeal.  CDIC will pay the 
relevant holders the compensation amount determined by the assessor within 90 days of the 
assessor’s notice. 
By its acquisition of an interest in any Bail-inable Note, each Noteholder or beneficial owner of those 
Bail-inable Notes is deemed to agree to be bound by a Bail-in Conversion and so will have no further 
rights in respect of its Bail-inable Notes to the extent those Bail-inable Notes are converted in a Bail-
in Conversion, other than those provided under the Bail-in Regime.  See Condition 3(a) – Status of 
Notes on page 102 of this Prospectus for further details on the terms applicable to Bail-inable Notes. 
A similar compensation process to the one set out above applies, in certain circumstances, where as 
a result of CDIC’s exercise of bank resolution powers, Notes are assigned to an entity which is then 
wound-up. 
Following a Bail-in Conversion, Noteholders that held Bail-inable Notes that have been 
converted will no longer have rights against the Issuer as creditors 
As described in Condition 3(a) – Status of Notes on page 102 of this Prospectus,  upon a Bail-in 
Conversion, the rights, terms and conditions of the portion of Bail-inable Notes that are converted, 
including with respect to priority and rights on liquidation, will no longer apply as the portion of

--- Page 52 ---
49 
 
converted Bail-inable Notes will have been converted on a full and permanent basis into common 
shares of the Issuer or any of its affiliates ranking on parity with all other outstanding common shares 
of that entity. If a Bail-in Conversion occurs, then the interest of the depositors, other creditors and 
holders of liabilities of the Issuer not bailed-in as a result of the Bail-in Conversion will all rank in priority 
to those common shares.  
Given the nature of the Bail-in Conversion, holders or beneficial owners of Bail-inable Notes that are 
converted will become holders or beneficial owners of common shares at a time when the Issuer’s and 
potentially its affiliates’ financial condition has deteriorated.  They may also become holders or 
beneficial owners of common shares at a time when the relevant entity may have received or may 
receive a capital injection or equivalent support with terms that may rank in priority to the common 
shares issued in a Bail-in Conversion with respect to the payment of dividends, rights on liquidation or 
other terms although there is no certainty that any such capital injection or support will be forthcoming. 
Bail-inable Notes may be redeemed after the occurrence of a TLAC Disqualification 
Event 
If the applicable Issue Terms for the Notes of such Series specify that a TLAC Disqualification Event 
Call Option is applicable, the Issuer may, at its option, with the prior approval of the Superintendent on 
not less than 30 days’ and not more than 60 days’ prior notice to the holders of the particular Bail-
inable Notes, redeem all, but not less than all of the particular Bail-inable Notes of that Series prior to 
their stated maturity date on, or within 90 days after the occurrence of the TLAC Disqualification Event 
(as defined in the Conditions) at the Early Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
together (if applicable) with any accrued but unpaid interest to (but excluding) the date fixed for 
redemption. If Bail-inable Notes are redeemed, Noteholders or beneficial holders of such Bail-inable 
Notes may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in securities offering a comparable 
anticipated rate of return. Additionally, although the terms of each Series of Bail-inable Notes are 
anticipated to be established to satisfy the TLAC criteria within the meaning of the TLAC Guideline to 
which the Issuer is subject, it is possible that any Series of Bail-inable Notes may not satisfy the criteria 
in future rulemaking or interpretations. 
b) Bail-in risks related to Notes issued by the Issuer's London Branch 
The United Kingdom’s Banking Act 2009 (as amended, the “UK Banking Act”) confers 
substantial powers on a number of UK authorities designed to enable them to take a 
range of actions in relation to UK banks, UK building societies, UK investment firms 
and UK recognised central counterparties which are considered to be at risk of failing.  
In certain circumstances such actions may also be taken with modifications, against a 
third country institution or investment firm. The exercise of any of these actions in 
relation to the Issuer could materially adversely affect the value of any Notes 
Under the UK Banking Act, substantial powers are granted to HM Treasury, the Bank of England, the 
Financial Conduct Authority and the Prudential Regulation Authority (the “PRA”) (together, the 
“Authorities”) as part of a special resolution regime (the “SRR”).  These powers can be exercised, as 
applicable, by the Authorities in respect of the UK branch of a third country incorporated credit 
institution (such as the Bank) or a third country incorporated investment firm (“third country entity”) 
either where that third country entity is subject to resolution in its jurisdiction of incorporation (a “third 
country resolution action”) or where no third country resolution actions have been taken, but the 
Authorities consider that the commencement of resolution proceedings is in the public interest.  The 
Authorities’ powers (such as those to bail-in liabilities) are subject to additional conditions where they 
are used in respect of branches of third-country entities (such as the Bank) as compared with their use 
in respect of UK banks. As set out in Condition 19(d) – Branch of Account on page 208 of this 
Prospectus, the Notes may be issued from the Bank's London Branch. 
Noteholders may be subject to the relevant powers listed above, which may result in such Noteholders 
losing some or all of their investment. As at the date of this Prospectus, the Authorities have not 
exercised any powers under the SRR in respect of either the Issuer or the Issuer’s London branch and 
there has been no indication that they will do so. However, there can be no assurance that this will not 
change and any exercise of any power under the SRR or any suggestion of such exercise could, 
therefore, adversely affect the rights of the Noteholders, the price or value of their investment in the

--- Page 53 ---
50 
 
Notes and/or the ability of the Issuer to satisfy its obligations under the relevant Notes. 
Risks related to Notes issued by the Issuer’s London Branch 
Notes may be issued by the Issuer’s London Branch if the Branch of Account specified in the Issue 
Terms is London.  See Condition 19(d) – Branch of Account on page 208 of this Prospectus. 
Where the Authorities choose to recognise a third country resolution action, in whole or in part, they 
must make a statutory instrument which may provide for the exercise of the stabilization options in 
relation to the third country entity. This instrument may apply to: (i) assets of the third country entity or 
its group located in the UK or governed by UK law; and (ii) rights or liabilities of the third country entity 
(including the Notes) that are booked by its London branch, governed by English law, or where the 
claims in relation to such rights and liabilities are enforceable in the UK.  Accordingly, exercise of these 
powers is possible where the relevant Authorities are acting to support or give full effect to a resolution 
carried out by the Canadian resolution authority and the Authorities’ actions may include actions such 
as transferring assets located in the UK to a purchaser under the Canadian equivalent of a sale of 
business tool, or to a bridge bank in Canada. 
In addition, under the BRRD, which has been implemented in the UK through the UK Banking Act, the 
UK has provided the Bank of England with the necessary powers to resolve the London branch of a 
third country entity (such as the Issuer’s London branch) that is not subject to third country resolution 
action (including resolution proceedings of the Canadian authorities), or where the Authorities have 
refused to recognize or enforce third country resolution action. The powers available to the Bank of 
England, when acting independently to resolve a London branch of a third country entity are: (i) powers 
to transfer some or all of the assets, rights and liabilities (the “business of the branch”) to a private 
sector purchaser, bridge bank or asset management vehicle; and (ii) the power to bail in liabilities 
(including the Notes) in connection with the transfer to the private-sector purchaser, bridge bank or 
asset management vehicle (the “Independent Resolution of UK Branch Powers (IRUKBPs)” or 
“IRUKBPs”).  These powers could affect the Notes, to the extent that they are considered to be within 
the “business of the UK branch”. 
The Notes will be considered to be within the “business of the UK branch” where they arise ‘as a result 
of the operations of the Issuer’s London branch. Where the Notes are issued in the name of the Issuer’s 
London branch and/or are included within the London branch’s annual return form (a type of annual 
account for the branch) to the PRA it is likely that such Notes will be considered by the Authorities to 
be within the “business of the UK branch”. However, these powers are untested, and if there is an 
adequate degree of operational involvement by the Issuer’s London branch in the issuance, there is a 
risk that the Authorities may consider that the Notes issued by the Issuer in Canada to be within the 
“business of the UK branch” due to the broad definition of this term. 
Risks for Noteholders as a consequence of the exercise of the powers under the SRR 
Noteholders may be subject to the relevant powers listed above, which may result in investments being 
modified, which may alter the price or value of such investments. As at the date of this Prospectus, the 
Authorities have not exercised any powers under the SRR in respect of the Issuer’s London branch 
and there has been no indication that they will do so. However, there can be no assurance that this 
will not change and any exercise of any power under the SRR or any suggestion of such exercise 
could, therefore, adversely affect the rights of the Noteholders, the price or value of their investment 
in the Notes and/or the ability of the Issuer to satisfy its obligations under the relevant Notes. 
4. Factors which are material for the purpose of assessing risks associated with the 
structure of a particular issue of Notes under the Programme 
(a) 
Risk factors applicable to Floating Rate Notes as described in Condition 4(b) – Interest 
on Floating Rate Notes. 
Changes or uncertainty in respect of rates, indices and other rates that are deemed 
“benchmarks” may adversely affect the value or payment of interest under the Notes, 
including where such benchmarks, including EURIBOR and/or a “benchmark” index, 
may not be available

--- Page 54 ---
51 
 
Various interest rates, other rates, indices and other published values or benchmarks which are 
deemed to be “benchmarks” are the subject of national, international and other regulatory guidance 
and proposals for reform.  Some of these reforms are already effective while others are still to be 
implemented.  These reforms may cause some benchmarks to perform differently than in the past, to 
disappear entirely, or have other consequences which cannot be predicted.  Any such consequence 
could have a material adverse effect on any Notes referencing such a benchmark. 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, could have a 
material impact on any Notes linked to or referencing a benchmark, in particular, if the methodology or 
other terms of the benchmark are changed in order to comply with the requirements of the EU 
Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable.  Such changes could, 
amongst other things, have the effect of reducing, increasing or otherwise affecting the volatility of the 
published rate or level of the relevant benchmark.  In addition, the EU Benchmarks Regulation 
stipulates that each administrator of a benchmark regulated thereunder must be licensed by the 
competent authority of the Member State where such administrator is located.  There is a risk that 
administrators of certain benchmarks will fail to obtain a necessary licence, preventing them from 
continuing to provide such benchmarks.  Other administrators may cease to administer certain 
benchmarks because of the additional costs of compliance with the EU Benchmarks Regulation or the 
UK Benchmarks Regulation and other applicable regulations, and the risks associated therewith. 
More broadly, any of the international, national or other proposals for reform, or the general increased 
regulatory scrutiny of benchmarks, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise 
participating in the setting of a benchmark and complying with any such regulations or requirements.  
Such factors may have (without limitation) the following effects on certain benchmarks: (i) discouraging 
market participants from continuing to administer or contribute to a benchmark, (ii) triggering changes 
in the rules or methodologies used in a benchmark, and/or (iii) leading to the disappearance of a 
benchmark.  Uncertainty about the future of benchmarks, any of the above changes or any other 
consequential changes as a result of international or national reforms or any other initiatives or 
investigations, could have a material adverse effect on the value of, and return on, any Notes linked 
to, referencing or otherwise dependent (in whole or in part) upon a benchmark and the trading market 
for such Notes. 
It is not possible to predict the further effect of any changes in the methods pursuant to which relevant 
benchmark rates and indices are determined, or any other reforms to or other proposals affecting 
various rates or indexes which are benchmarks that will be enacted in the U.K., the EU, the U.S. and 
elsewhere, each of which may adversely affect the trading market for certain benchmarks, certain 
Reference Items that are indexes and/or other relevant benchmark-based securities, including any 
Notes that bear interest at rates based on a benchmark or that are Reference Item Linked Notes.  In 
addition, any future changes in the method pursuant to which relevant benchmarks are determined or 
the transition to a successor benchmark may result in, among other things, a sudden or prolonged 
increase or decrease in the reported benchmark rates or indices, a delay in the publication of any such 
benchmark rates or indices, trigger changes in the rules or methodologies in certain benchmarks 
discouraging market participants from continuing to administer or participate in certain benchmarks, 
and, in certain situations, could result in a benchmark rate or index no longer being determined and 
published. This could result in (i) the substitution of replacement rates for such benchmark(s), (ii) 
adjustments to the terms of the relevant Notes, (iii) early redemption of the relevant Notes, (iv) 
discretionary valuation of the rate by the Calculation Agent, (iv) delisting of the relevant Notes and/or 
(v) other consequences for Notes linked to any such benchmark(s). Any such consequence could have 
a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any Notes linked to, referencing, or otherwise 
dependent (in whole or in part) upon, a benchmark.  
The Conditions provide for certain fallback arrangements in the event of a Benchmark Transition Event 
(including a published benchmark and any page on which such benchmark may be published (or any 
successor service) being discontinued or otherwise becoming unavailable), including the possibility 
under Condition 4(n) that the rate of interest could be determined by the Issuer in consultation with an 
Independent Adviser or, if the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser, solely by the Issuer, 
acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, or set by reference to a successor rate 
or an alternative reference rate and that such successor rate or alternative reference rate may be 
adjusted (if required) in order to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable in the 
circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to investors arising out of the

--- Page 55 ---
52 
 
replacement of the relevant benchmark.  However, it may not be possible to determine or apply any 
such adjustment and even if an adjustment is applied, such adjustment may not be effective to reduce 
or eliminate economic prejudice to investors.  If no adjustment can be determined, a successor rate or 
alternative rate may nonetheless be used to determine the rate of interest.  Where the Issuer has been 
unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or has failed to determine a successor rate or alternative 
reference rate in respect of any given interest period, it will continue to attempt to appoint an 
Independent Adviser in a timely manner before the next succeeding interest determination date and/or 
to determine a successor rate or alternative reference rate to apply to the next succeeding and any 
subsequent interest periods, as necessary. 
Investors should be aware that: 
a) any of the reforms or pressures described above or any other changes to a relevant rate, other 
index, other published value or benchmark (including EURIBOR) that is deemed to be a 
“benchmark” could affect the level of the published rate, including to cause it to be lower and/or 
more volatile than it would otherwise be; and 
b) if EURIBOR or any other relevant benchmark rate is discontinued or ceases to be calculated 
or administered and no alternative, successor or replacement base rate is identified or 
selected in accordance with Condition 4(n), then the rate of interest on the Notes will be 
determined for a period by the fallback provisions provided for under Condition 4(b), although 
such provisions, being dependent in part upon the provision by major banks of offered 
quotations for loans to leading European banks, may not operate as intended depending on 
market circumstances and the availability of rates information at the relevant time and may 
result, to the extent that other fallback provisions under Condition 4(b) are not applicable, in 
the effective application of a fixed rate based on the rate which applied in the previous period 
when EURIBOR or any other relevant benchmark was available; and  
c) while an amendment may be made under Condition 4(n) to change the base rate on the 
Floating Rate Notes from EURIBOR or any other relevant benchmarks to an alternative base 
rate under certain circumstances broadly related to EURIBOR discontinuation and subject to 
certain conditions being satisfied there can be no assurance that any such amendment will be 
made or, if made, that they (i) will fully or effectively mitigate all relevant interest rate risks or 
result in an equivalent methodology for determining the interest rates on the Floating Rate 
Notes which could result in a material adverse effect on the value of and return on such Notes 
or (ii) will be made prior to any date on which any of the risks described in this risk factor may 
arise.  
In addition, due to the uncertainty concerning the availability of successor rates and alternative 
reference rates and the involvement of an Independent Adviser or the Issuer, the relevant fallback 
provisions may not operate as intended at the relevant time. 
More generally, any of the above matters or any other significant change to the setting or existence of 
any relevant benchmark could affect the amounts available to the Issuer to meet its obligations under 
the Notes and/or could have a material adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and the amount 
payable under, the Notes.  No assurance may be provided that relevant changes will not be made to 
any relevant benchmark and/or that such benchmarks will continue to exist.  Investors should consider 
these matters when making their investment decision with respect to the Notes. 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the 
potential risks imposed by the EU Benchmarks Regulation and the UK Benchmarks Regulation or any 
of the international or national reforms and the possible application of the benchmark replacement 
provisions of Notes in making any investment decision with respect to any Notes referencing a 
benchmark. 
The market continues to develop in relation to SONIA as a reference rate for Floating 
Rate Notes 
Investors should be aware that the market continues to develop in relation to the Sterling Overnight 
Index Average (“SONIA”) as a reference rate in the capital markets and its adoption as an alternative

--- Page 56 ---
53 
 
to Pounds Sterling LIBOR. In particular, market participants and relevant working groups are 
exploring alternative reference rates based on SONIA, including term SONIA reference rates (which 
seek to measure the market’s forward expectation of an average SONIA rate over a designated term).  
The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of SONIA that differs significantly 
from that set out in the Conditions and used in relation to Notes that reference a SONIA rate issued 
under this Programme. The Issuer may in the future also issue Notes referencing SONIA that differ 
materially in terms of interest determination when compared with any previous SONIA referenced 
Notes issued by it under the Programme. The development of Compounded Daily SONIA as an 
interest reference rate for the Eurobond markets, as well as continued development of SONIA-based 
rates for such markets and the market infrastructure for adopting such rates, could result in reduced 
liquidity or increased volatility or could otherwise affect the market price of any SONIA-referenced 
Notes issued under the Programme from time to time.  
Furthermore, interest on Notes which reference Compounded Daily SONIA is only capable of being 
determined at the end of the relevant Interest Accrual Period or Observation Period (as applicable and 
as defined in the Conditions) and immediately prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date. It may be 
difficult for investors in Notes which reference Compounded Daily SONIA to estimate reliably the 
amount of interest which will be payable on such Notes, and some investors may be unable or unwilling 
to trade such Notes without changes to their IT systems, both of which could adversely impact the 
liquidity of such Notes.  
Further, in contrast to LIBOR-linked Notes, if Notes referencing Compounded Daily SONIA become 
due and payable as a result of an event of default under Condition 18, the rate of interest payable for 
the final Interest Period in respect of such Notes shall only be determined immediately prior to or on 
the date on which the Notes become due and payable and shall not be reset thereafter.    
In addition, the manner of adoption or application of SONIA reference rates in the Eurobond markets 
may differ materially compared with the application and adoption of SONIA in other markets, such as 
the derivatives and loan markets. Investors should carefully consider how any mismatch between the 
adoption of SONIA reference rates across these markets may impact any hedging or other financial 
arrangements which they may put in place in connection with any acquisition, holding or disposal of 
Notes referencing SONIA.   
Since SONIA is a relatively new market index, Notes linked to SONIA may have no established trading 
market when issued, and an established trading market may never develop or may not be very liquid. 
Market terms for debt securities indexed to SONIA, such as the spread over the index reflected in 
interest rate provisions, may evolve over time, and trading prices of such Notes may be lower than 
those of later-issued indexed debt securities as a result. Further, if SONIA does not prove to be widely 
used in securities like the Notes, the trading price of such Notes linked to SONIA may be lower than 
those of Notes linked to indices that are more widely used. Investors in such Notes may not be able to 
sell such Notes at all or may not be able to sell such Notes at prices that will provide them with a yield 
comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary market and may consequently 
suffer from increased pricing volatility and market risk. There can also be no guarantee that SONIA 
will not be discontinued or fundamentally altered in a manner that is materially adverse to the interests 
of investors in Notes referencing SONIA. If the manner in which SONIA is calculated is changed, that 
change may result in a reduction of the amount of interest payable on such Notes and the trading 
prices of such Notes. 
The market continues to develop in relation to SOFR as a reference rate for Notes  
SOFR is published by the New York Federal Reserve and is intended to be a broad measure of the 
cost of borrowing cash overnight collateralized by U.S. Treasury securities. The New York Federal 
Reserve reports that SOFR includes all trades in the Broad General Collateral Rate and bilateral U.S. 
Treasury repurchase agreement (repo) transactions cleared through the delivery-versus-payment 
service offered by the Fixed Income Clearing Corporation (the “FICC”), a subsidiary of DTC, and SOFR 
is filtered by the New York Federal Reserve to remove some (but not all) of the foregoing transactions 
considered to be “specials.” According to the New York Federal Reserve, “specials” are repos for 
specific-issue collateral, which take place at cash-lending rates below those for general collateral repos

--- Page 57 ---
54 
 
because cash providers are willing to accept a lesser return on their cash in order to obtain a particular 
security. 
The New York Federal Reserve reports that SOFR is calculated as a volume-weighted median of 
transaction-level tri-party repo data collected from The Bank of New York Mellon as well as General 
Collateral Finance Repo transaction data and data on bilateral U.S. Treasury repo transactions cleared 
through the FICC’s delivery-versus-payment service. The New York Federal Reserve also notes that 
it obtains information from DTCC Solutions LLC, an affiliate of DTC. 
If data for a given market segment were unavailable for any day, then the most recently available data 
for that segment would be utilized, with the rates on each transaction from that day adjusted to account 
for any change in the level of market rates in that segment over the intervening period. SOFR would 
be calculated from this adjusted prior day’s data for segments where current data were unavailable, 
and unadjusted data for any segments where data were available. To determine the change in the 
level of market rates over the intervening period for the missing market segment, the New York Federal 
Reserve would use information collected through a daily survey conducted by its Trading Desk of 
primary dealers’ repo borrowing activity. Such daily survey would include information reported by select 
Dealers for the Programme. 
The New York Federal Reserve notes on its publication page for SOFR that use of SOFR is subject to 
important limitations, indemnification obligations and disclaimers, including that the New York Federal 
Reserve may alter the methods of calculation, publication schedule, rate revision practices or 
availability of SOFR at any time without notice. 
Each U.S. Government Securities Business Day, the New York Federal Reserve publishes SOFR on 
its website at approximately 8:00 a.m., New York City time. If errors are discovered in the transaction 
data provided by The Bank of New York Mellon or DTCC Solutions LLC, or in the calculation process, 
subsequent to the initial publication of SOFR but on that same day, SOFR and the accompanying 
summary statistics may be republished at approximately 2:30 p.m., New York City time. Additionally, 
if transaction data from The Bank of New York Mellon or DTCC Solutions LLC had previously not been 
available in time for publication, but became available later in the day, the affected rate or rates may 
be republished at around this time. Rate revisions will only be effected on the same day as initial 
publication and will only be republished if the change in the rate exceeds one basis point. Any time a 
rate is revised, a footnote to the New York Federal Reserve’s publication would indicate the revision. 
This revision threshold will be reviewed periodically by the New York Federal Reserve and may be 
changed based on market conditions. 
Because SOFR is published by the New York Federal Reserve based on data received from other 
sources, CIBC has no control over its determination, calculation or publication. 
Where the relevant Issue Terms for a series of Notes identifies that the Rate of Interest for such Notes 
will be determined by reference to SOFR, the Rate of Interest will be determined on the basis of 
Compounded Daily SOFR (as defined in the Conditions). 
The New York Federal Reserve began to publish SOFR in April 2018. Although the New York Federal 
Reserve has also published historical indicative SOFR going back to 2014, such historical indicative 
data inherently involves assumptions, estimates and approximations. Therefore, SOFR has limited 
performance history and no actual investment based on the performance of SOFR was possible before 
April 2018. The level of SOFR over the term of the Notes may bear little or no relation to the historical 
level of SOFR. The future performance of SOFR is impossible to predict and therefore no future 
performance of SOFR or the Notes may be inferred from any of the hypothetical or actual historical 
performance data. 
Hypothetical or actual historical performance data are not indicative of the future performance of SOFR 
or the Notes. Changes in the levels of SOFR will affect Compounded Daily SOFR and Weighted 
Average SOFR and, therefore, trading price and market value of any SOFR-referenced Notes issued 
under the Programme from time to time. There can be no assurance that SOFR or Compounded Daily 
SOFR or Weighted Average SOFR will be positive.

--- Page 58 ---
55 
 
SOFR may fail to gain market acceptance. SOFR was developed for use in certain U.S. dollar 
derivatives and other financial contracts as an alternative to U.S. Dollar LIBOR in part because it is 
considered a good representation of general funding conditions in the overnight U.S. Treasury 
repurchase agreement (repo) market. However, as a rate based on transactions secured by U.S. 
Treasury securities, it does not measure bank-specific credit risk and, as a result, is less likely to 
correlate with the unsecured short-term funding costs of banks. This may mean that market 
participants would not consider SOFR a suitable substitute or successor for all of the purposes for 
which U.S. Dollar LIBOR historically has been used (including, without limitation, as a representation 
of the unsecured short-term funding costs of banks), which may, in turn, lessen market acceptance of 
SOFR. Any failure of SOFR to gain market acceptance could adversely affect the trading price and 
market value of any SOFR-referenced Notes. 
In June 2017, the New York Federal Reserve’s Alternative Reference Rates Committee (the “ARRC”) 
announced SOFR as its recommended alternative to U.S. dollar LIBOR. However, the composition 
and characteristics of SOFR are not the same as those of U.S. Dollar LIBOR. SOFR is a broad U.S. 
Treasury repo financing rate that represents overnight secured funding transactions. This means that 
SOFR is fundamentally different from U.S. Dollar LIBOR for two key reasons. First, SOFR is a secured 
rate, while U.S. Dollar LIBOR is an unsecured rate. Second, SOFR is an overnight rate, while U.S. 
Dollar LIBOR represents interbank funding over different maturities. As a result, there can be no 
assurance that SOFR will perform in the same way as U.S. Dollar LIBOR would have at any time, 
including, without limitation, as a result of changes in interest and yield rates in the market, market 
volatility or global or regional economic, financial, political, regulatory, judicial or other events. For 
example, since publication of SOFR began in April 2018, daily changes in SOFR have, on occasion, 
been more volatile than daily changes in comparable benchmark or other market rates. 
The New York Federal Reserve (or a successor), as administrator of SOFR, may make methodological 
or other changes that could change the value of SOFR, including changes related to the method by 
which SOFR is calculated, eligibility criteria applicable to the transactions used to calculate SOFR, or 
timing related to the publication of SOFR. The New York Federal Reserve may alter, discontinue or 
suspend the calculation or determination of SOFR (in which case a fallback method of determining the 
interest rate on the Notes as further described below under “Rate of Interest – SOFR” will apply). The 
New York Federal Reserve has no obligation to consider the interests of the holders of the Notes in 
calculating, adjusting, revising or discontinuing the publication of SOFR. 
Compounded Daily SOFR is calculated using the specific formula under the Conditions, not the SOFR 
rate published on or in respect of a particular date during an Interest Period or an arithmetic average 
of SOFR rates during such period. For this and other reasons, the interest rate on the Notes whose 
Rate of Interest is determined by reference to SOFR will not be the same as the interest rate on other 
SOFR-linked investments that use an alternative basis to determine the applicable interest rate. 
Further, if the SOFR rate in respect of a particular date during an Interest Period is negative, its 
contribution to Compounded Daily SOFR will be less than one, resulting in a reduction to Compounded 
Daily SOFR used to calculate the interest payable on the Notes on the Interest Payment Date for such 
Interest Period. 
In addition, limited market precedent exists for securities that use SOFR as the interest rate and the 
method for calculating an interest rate based upon SOFR in those precedents varies. Accordingly, the 
specific formula for the Compounded Daily SOFR rate may not be widely adopted by other market 
participants, if at all. If the market adopts a different calculation method, that would likely adversely 
affect the market value and trading price of any SOFR-referenced Notes. 
The level of Compounded Daily SOFR applicable to a particular Interest Period and, therefore, the 
amount of interest payable with respect to such Interest Period will be determined on the U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day immediately following the Interest Period End Date for such 
Interest Period (or the Rate Cut-Off Date for the final Interest Period, if applicable). Because each such 
date is near or after the end of such Interest Period, investors in Notes will not know the amount of 
interest payable with respect to a particular Interest Period until shortly prior to the related Interest 
Payment Date and it may be difficult for investors in Notes to reliably estimate the amount of interest 
that will be payable on each such Interest Payment Date. In addition, some investors may be unwilling 
or unable to trade such Notes without changes to their information technology systems, both of which 
could adversely impact the liquidity of such Notes.

--- Page 59 ---
56 
 
If Rate Cut-Off Date is stated to be applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, for the final Interest 
Period, because the level of SOFR for any day from and including the Rate Cut-Off Date to but 
excluding the Final Maturity Date will be the level of SOFR in respect of such Rate Cut-Off Date, 
investors in Notes will not receive the benefit of any increase in the level in respect of SOFR on any 
date following the Rate Cut-Off Date in connection with the determination of the interest payable with 
respect to such Interest Period, which could adversely impact the amount of interest payable with 
respect to that Interest Period 
The market continues to develop in relation to €STR as a reference rate for Notes 
The Rate of Interest in respect of Notes with €STR as a Reference Rate will be determined on the 
basis of Compounded Daily €STR (as defined in the Conditions), which is a backwards-looking, 
compounded risk-free overnight rate. 
The Euro short term rate (“€STR”) is published by the European Central Bank and is intended to 
reflect the wholesale euro unsecured overnight borrowing costs of banks located in the euro area. 
The European Central Bank reports that the €STR is published on each TARGET Business Day 
based on transactions conducted and settled on the previous TARGET Business Day (the reporting 
date “T”) with a maturity date of T+1 which are deemed to have been executed at arm’s length and 
thus reflect market rates in an unbiased way. 
Investors should be aware that the market continues to develop in relation to €STR as a reference 
rate in the capital markets and its adoption as an alternative to EURIBOR.  Furthermore, the market 
or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of €STR that differs significantly from that set 
out in the Conditions and the Issuer may in the future issue Notes referencing €STR that differ 
materially in terms of interest determination when compared with any previous €STR referenced 
Notes issued by it.  The nascent development of Compounded Daily €STR as an interest reference 
rate for bond markets, as well as continued development of €STR-based rates for such markets and 
the market infrastructure for adopting such rates, could result in reduced liquidity or increased volatility 
or could otherwise affect the market price of Notes with €STR as a Reference Rate. 
The Rate of Interest for Notes with €STR as a Reference Rate is only capable of being determined at 
the end of the relevant Observation Period and immediately prior to the relevant Interest Payment 
Date.  It may be difficult for investors in Notes with €STR as a Reference Rate to estimate reliably the 
amount of interest which will be payable on the Notes, and some investors may be unable or unwilling 
to trade such Notes without changes to their IT systems, both of which factors could adversely affect 
the liquidity of such Notes.  Further, if such Notes become due and payable prior to their stated 
maturity, the final Rate of Interest payable in respect of such Notes shall only be determined 
immediately prior to the date on which the Notes become due and payable. 
€STR is published by the European Central Bank and there can be no guarantee that €STR will not 
be discontinued or fundamentally altered in a manner that is materially adverse to the interest of 
investors in Notes with €STR as a Reference Rate.  The manner of adoption or application of €STR 
in the bond markets may differ materially compared with the application and adoption of €STR in 
other markets such as the derivatives and loan markets.  Investors should carefully consider how any 
mismatch between the adoption of €STR across these markets may impact any hedging or other 
financial arrangements which they may put in place in connection with any acquisition, holding or 
disposal of such Notes. 
To the extent the €STR Reference Rate is discontinued or is no longer published as described in the 
Conditions, the applicable rate to be used to calculate the Rate of Interest on such Notes will be 
determined using the alternative methods described in the Conditions (“€STR Fallbacks”).  Any of 
these €STR Fallbacks may result in interest payments that are lower than, or do not otherwise 
correlate over time with, the payment that would have been made on the Notes if the €STR Reference 
Rate had been provided by the European Central Bank in its form as at the Issue Date of the Notes.  
In addition, use of the €STR Fallbacks may result in a fixed rate of interest being applied to the Notes. 
An investment in Notes with €STR as the Reference Rate may entail significant risks not associated 
with similar investments in conventional debt securities.  Any investor should ensure it understands 
the nature of the terms of such Notes and the extent of its exposure to risk.

--- Page 60 ---
57 
 
The market continues to develop in relation to the use of the Swiss Average Rate 
Overnight (SARON) as a reference rate. 
The Rate of Interest in respect of Notes with SARON as a Reference Rate will be based on or 
determined by reference to, as applicable, the daily Swiss Average Rate Overnight (for purposes of 
this risk factor, “SARON”), which is published by the SIX Swiss Exchange and represents the overnight 
interest rate of the secured money market for Swiss francs. The National Working Group on Swiss 
Franc Reference Rates has recommended SARON as the alternative to CHF LIBOR.  
Holders should be aware that the market continues to develop in relation to SARON as a reference 
rate in the lending and capital markets and its adoption as an alternative to CHF LIBOR. The market 
or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of SARON as a reference rate that differs 
significantly from that set out in the Conditions. The development of SARON as a reference rate, as 
well as continued development of SARON-based rates for such markets and the market infrastructure 
for adopting such rates, could result in reduced liquidity or increased volatility or could otherwise affect 
the market price of the Notes. 
The Rate of Interest applicable to each Interest Period will only be capable of being determined shortly 
before the end of the relevant Interest Period. In such case, it may be difficult for investors in Notes to 
estimate reliably the amount of interest which will be payable on the Notes on each Interest Payment 
Date and some investors may be unable or unwilling to trade the Notes without changes to their 
information technology systems, both of which could adversely impact the liquidity of the Notes. 
Further, if the Notes become due and payable on a date other than an Interest Payment Date (whether 
as a result of an event of default or redemption or otherwise), the Rate of Interest applicable to the 
final Interest Period will only be determined based on SARON for each Zurich Banking Day during the 
related Observation Period to the date on which the Notes become due and payable, rather than for 
the entire Observation Period. 
In addition, the manner of adoption or application of SARON reference rates in the debt capital markets 
may differ materially when compared with the application and adoption of SARON in other markets, 
such as the derivatives and loan markets. Investors should carefully consider how any mismatch 
between the adoption of SARON reference rates across these markets may impact any hedging or 
other financial arrangements, if any, which they may put in place in connection the Notes. 
Since SARON is a relatively new market index, the Notes may have no established trading market 
when issued, and an established trading market may never develop or may not be very liquid. Market 
terms for debt securities indexed to SARON, such as the spread over the index reflected in interest 
rate provisions, may evolve over time, and trading prices of such debt securities may be lower than 
those of later issued indexed debt securities as a result. Further, if SARON does not prove to be widely 
used in securities like the Notes, the trading price of the Notes may be lower than those of debt 
securities linked to indices that are more widely used. Investors in Notes may not be able to sell such 
Notes at all or may not be able to sell such Notes at prices that will provide them with a yield 
comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary market, and may consequently 
suffer from increased pricing volatility and market risk. There can also be no guarantee that SARON 
will not be discontinued or fundamentally altered in a manner that is materially adverse to the interests 
of investors in Notes. If the manner in which SARON is calculated is changed, that change may result 
in a reduction of the amount of interest payable on the Notes and the trading prices of the Notes. 
(b) 
Risks related to other types of Notes that may be issued 
No interest or additional amounts may be payable under the Notes 
Prospective investors should note that the Conditions may provide that no interest may be paid on the 
Notes on or prior to their redemption date. An investor in such Notes, in the context of its own financial 
position, must be capable of holding such Notes to maturity with no income stream in the form of 
interest payments. 
As there may be no periodic payment of interest to the Noteholders, any increase in the value of the 
underlying will not be crystallized until the Notes are redeemed and the Notes may fall in value at any 
time prior to redemption.

--- Page 61 ---
58 
 
Notes subject to optional redemption by the Issuer 
An optional redemption feature of Notes is likely to limit the market value and could reduce secondary 
market liquidity of Notes. During any period when the Issuer may elect to redeem Notes, the market 
value of those Notes generally will not rise substantially above the price at which they can be 
redeemed. This may also be true prior to any redemption period. 
If the Notes have an optional redemption feature, the Issuer may be more likely to redeem Notes when 
its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate on the Notes. At those times, an investor generally 
would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an effective interest rate as high as the 
interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only be able to do so at a significantly lower rate. 
Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments available at that time. 
Risks related to Partly Paid Notes 
The Issuer may issue Exempt Notes where the issue price is payable in more than one instalment. 
Failure by an investor to pay any subsequent instalment of the Issue Price in respect of its Notes when 
required could result in such investor losing all of its investment. 
Risks related to Variable Coupon Amount Notes with a multiplier or other leverage 
factor   
Exempt Notes may be issued with variable interest rates.  These Exempt Notes can be volatile 
investments.  If they are structured to include multipliers or other leverage factors, or caps or floors, or 
any combination of those features, their market values may be even more volatile than those for 
securities that do not include those features. 
Risks related to Inverse Floating Rate Notes 
Exempt Notes that are Inverse Floating Rate Notes have an interest rate equal to a fixed rate minus a 
rate based upon a reference rate. The market values of such Exempt Notes typically are more volatile 
than market values of other conventional floating rate debt securities based on the same reference 
rate (and with otherwise comparable terms). Inverse Floating Rate Notes are more volatile because 
an increase in the reference rate not only decreases the interest rate of the Exempt Notes, but may 
also reflect an increase in prevailing interest rates, which further adversely affects the market value of 
these Exempt Notes. 
Risks related to Fixed/Floating Rate Notes 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate that the Issuer may elect to convert from a fixed 
rate to a floating rate or from a floating rate to a fixed rate. The Issuer’s ability to convert the interest 
rate will affect the secondary market and the market value of such Notes since the Issuer may be 
expected to convert the rate when it is likely to produce a lower overall cost of borrowing. If the Issuer 
converts from a fixed rate to a floating rate, the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be less 
favourable than then prevailing spreads on comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to the same reference 
rate. In addition, the new floating rate at any time may be lower than the rates on other Notes. If the 
Issuer converts from a floating rate to a fixed rate, the fixed rate may be lower than then prevailing 
rates on its Notes. 
Risks related to Fixed Rate Notes  
Fixed Rate Notes bear interest at a fixed rate. Investment in Fixed Rate Notes involves the risk that 
subsequent changes in market interest rates may adversely affect the value of Fixed Rate Notes. 
Investors should note that (i) if market interest rates start to rise then the income to be paid on the Notes 
might become less attractive and the price the investors get if they sell such Notes could fall and (ii) 
inflation will reduce the real value of the Notes over time which may affect what investors can buy with the 
investments in the future and which may make the fixed interest rate on the Notes less attractive in the 
future.

--- Page 62 ---
59 
 
Risks related to Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium 
The issue price of Notes specified in the applicable Issue Terms may be more than the market value 
of such Notes as of the issue date, and the price, if any, at which a Dealer or any other person is willing 
to purchase the Notes in secondary market transactions may be lower than the issue price. 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount or premium to their nominal amount 
tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for conventional 
interest-bearing securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of the securities, the greater the 
price volatility as compared to conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable maturities. 
Risks related to Canadian Usury Laws 
The Criminal Code (Canada) prohibits the receipt of “interest” at a “criminal rate” (namely, an effective 
annual rate of interest of 60%). Accordingly, provisions for the payment of interest or for the payment 
of a redemption amount in excess of the aggregate principal amount of Notes may not be enforceable 
by the Noteholders if such provisions provide for the payment of “interest” (as calculated for the 
purposes of such statute) which is in excess of an effective annual rate of interest of 60%.  See 
Condition 4 "Interest and other Calculations" at page 104 of this Prospectus for additional information 
on how interest is calculated. 
Risks related to Definitive N Registered Notes 
Exempt Notes that are Definitive N Registered Notes will not be listed, which may have a material 
effect on the ability of investors to resell the Definitive N Registered Notes in the secondary market. 
(c) 
Risk factors applicable to Notes linked to a Reference Item as described in Conditions 
6-12 and Condition 28. 
An investment in Reference Item Linked Notes entails significant risks that are not 
associated with similar investments in a conventional fixed rate or floating rate debt 
security and in some circumstances the value of the Notes may be less than the nominal 
amount of the Notes and may be zero in which case an investor may lose some or all of 
the amount it invested in the Notes. 
The Issuer may issue Notes (“Reference Item Linked Notes”) with principal, premium or interest 
determined by reference to an index or formula, a single security, index or fund, to baskets of indices, 
securities or funds, to currency prices or commodity prices, to inflation, to preference shares, to 
movements in currency exchange rates or to other financial variables (each, a “Reference Item”). In 
addition, the Issuer may issue Notes with principal or interest payable in one or more currencies which 
may be different from the currency in which the Notes are denominated.  An investment in such Notes 
entails significant risks that are not associated with similar investments in a conventional fixed rate or 
floating rate debt security and in some circumstances the value of the Notes may be less than the 
nominal amount of the Notes and may be zero in which case an investor may lose some or all of the 
amount it invested in the Notes.   
Reference Item Linked Notes are speculative investments, and returns may at times be volatile and 
losses may occur quickly and in unanticipated magnitude. Depending on the particular "Payout 
Conditions" (as described in this Prospectus and as specified in the applicable Issue Terms), investors 
may bear the risk of losing some or up to all of their investment depending on the performance of the 
Reference Item(s) to which their Notes are linked. Even if the relevant Notes provide for a minimum 
scheduled amount payable at maturity, investors could still lose some or up to all of their investment 
where (i) the Issuer becomes insolvent or otherwise fails to meet its payment (or delivery) obligations 
under the Notes, (ii) investors are able to sell their Notes prior to maturity (which may not be the case, 
as there may not be a secondary market for them), but the amount the investor receives is less than 
what the investor paid for them, (iii) the Notes are redeemed or terminated by the Issuer prior to their 
maturity due to the occurrence of one or more specified events as provided in the terms and conditions 
of the Notes, and the amount an investor receives on such early redemption or termination is less than 
what they paid for the Notes or (iv) the terms and conditions of an investor’s Notes are unilaterally

--- Page 63 ---
60 
 
adjusted by the Issuer due to the occurrence of one or more specified events as described in the terms 
and conditions of the Notes, resulting in a reduced return.  
An investor should not acquire any Notes unless they (whether by themselves or in conjunction with 
their financial adviser) understand the nature of the relevant Notes and the extent of their exposure to 
potential loss on the Notes, and any investment in Notes must be consistent with their overall 
investment strategy. An investor (whether by themselves or in conjunction with their financial adviser) 
should consider carefully whether the particular Notes are suitable for them in the light of their 
investment objectives, financial capabilities and expertise. Investors should consult their own legal, 
tax, accountancy, regulatory, investment and other professional advisers as may be required to assist 
them in determining the suitability of the Notes for them as an investment. 
Potential investors should be aware that: 
(i) 
the market price of such Notes may be volatile and the market price of the Notes at any time 
is likely to be affected primarily by changes in the level of the Reference Item to which the 
Notes are linked.  It is impossible to predict how the level of the Reference Item will vary over 
time; 
(ii) 
investors may receive no interest or they may receive interest at a rate that is less than that 
payable on a conventional fixed rate or floating rate debt security issued at the same time; 
(iii) 
payment of principal or interest may occur at a different time or in a different currency than 
expected; 
(iv) 
they may lose all or a substantial portion of their principal or investment; 
(v) 
if the principal of and/or premium on such a Note is so indexed, the amount of principal and/or 
premium payable in respect thereof may be less than the original purchase price of such Note 
and less than the nominal or face amount of such Note, and the amount of principal and/or 
premium payable may even be zero; 
(vi) 
investors should be willing to hold these Notes until the maturity date as the secondary market 
for such Notes may be limited or non-existent and if there is a limited secondary market then 
the lack of demand may reduce the market price at which Notes may be sold prior to maturity;  
(vii) 
the market price will be affected by a number of factors independent of the creditworthiness of 
the Issuer and will depend on the value of the applicable Reference Item(s) as well as the 
volatility of the applicable Reference Item(s), the time remaining to the maturity of such Notes, 
the amount outstanding of such Notes, market interest rates, yield rates and the market for 
other types of related and unrelated financial instruments and, where the Reference Item(s) 
are equity securities, the dividend rate on the Reference Item(s) and the financial results and 
prospects of the issuer of each Reference Item; 
(viii) 
a Reference Item may be subject to significant fluctuations that may not correlate with changes 
in interest rates, currencies or other securities, funds or indices and may depend on a number 
of interrelated factors over which the Issuer has no control, including economic, financial and 
political events in one or more jurisdictions, including factors affecting capital markets 
generally and the stock exchange on which any Reference Item or obligation of the issuer of 
the Reference Item may be traded. Additionally, if the formula used to determine the amount 
of principal, premium and/or interest payable with respect to such Notes contains a multiplier 
or leverage factor, the effect of any change in the Reference Item(s) will be increased (or 
decreased if the multiplier or relevant factor is less than one) and this increase (or decrease) 
may be significant;  
(ix) 
the timing of changes in a Reference Item(s) may affect the actual yield to investors, even if 
the average level is consistent with their expectations. In general, the earlier the change in the 
Reference Item(s), the greater the effect on yield; 
(x) 
with respect to Equity Linked Notes, if such Notes are redeemable either by payment of a cash 
amount or by delivery of the underlying securities in lieu thereof, there is no assurance that

--- Page 64 ---
61 
 
the cash amount or value of the securities received will not be less than the purchase price of 
the Notes; 
(xi)  
Notes are of limited maturity and, unlike direct investments in a share, index, fund, security, 
commodity or other asset, investors are not able to hold them beyond the Maturity Date in the 
expectation of a recovery in the price of the underlying; and 
(xii)  
the price at which an investor will be able to sell Notes prior to the Maturity Date may be at a 
substantial discount to the market value of the Notes at the time they are issued depending 
on the performance of the Reference Item(s). 
The historical experience of the relevant currencies, commodities, interest rates, equities, indices, 
funds or other financial variables should not be taken as an indication of future performance of such 
currencies, commodities, interest rates, equities, indices, funds or other financial variables during the 
term of any Note. 
As the amount of interest payable periodically and/or principal payable at maturity may be linked to the 
performance of the Reference Item(s), an investor in such a Reference Item Linked Note must 
generally be correct about the direction, timing and magnitude of an anticipated change in the value 
of the Reference Item(s).  
The relevant Reference Item Linked Notes will represent an investment linked to the 
economic performance of such Reference Item(s) 
Where the applicable Issue Terms specifies one or more Reference Item(s), the relevant Reference 
Item Linked Notes will represent an investment linked to the economic performance of such Reference 
Item(s) and prospective investors should note that the return (if any) on their investment in such 
Reference Item Linked Notes will depend upon the performance of such Reference Item(s). Potential 
investors should also note that while the market value of Reference Item Linked Notes is linked to such 
Reference Item(s) and will be influenced (positively or negatively) by such Reference Item(s), any 
change may not be comparable and may be disproportionate. It is impossible to predict how the level 
of the relevant Reference Item(s) will vary over time. In contrast to a direct investment in the relevant 
Reference Item(s), Reference Item Linked Notes represent the right to receive payment or delivery, as 
the case may be, of the relevant cash amount and/or asset amount on the relevant Maturity Date as 
well as periodic payments of interest (if specified in the applicable Issue Terms), all or some of which 
may be determined by reference to the performance of the relevant Reference Item(s). The applicable 
Issue Terms will set out the provisions for the determination of any cash amount and/or asset amount 
and of any periodic interest payments. 
Fluctuations in the value and/or volatility of the relevant Reference Item(s) may affect the value of the 
relevant Reference Item Linked Notes. Investors in Reference Item Linked Notes may risk losing their 
entire investment if the value of the relevant Reference Item(s) does not move in the anticipated 
direction.  
Reference Item Linked Notes may be principal protected or non-principal protected.  
Investors in Reference Item Linked Notes that are non-principal protected may risk losing their entire 
investment if the value of the relevant Reference Item(s) does not move in the anticipated direction. 
Whether or not a Note is principal protected, all payments on such Note are subject to the Issuer’s 
credit risk and its ability to pay its obligations on the applicable payment dates. 
There is no return on Reference Item Linked Notes other than the potential payment or delivery, as 
the case may be, of the relevant cash amount and/or asset amount on the Maturity Date and payment 
of any periodic interest payments.  
The Issuer may issue certain Reference Item Linked Notes that do not guarantee any positive return 
or repayment of all of the principal amount at maturity.  The amount paid by the Issuer on redemption 
of such Notes may be less than the principal amount of the Notes or the initial investment amount and 
may be zero in certain circumstances.  Investors could lose all or substantially all of their investment 
in the Notes and the redemption amount at maturity may be subject to a maximum amount.

--- Page 65 ---
62 
 
There can be no assurance that the Notes will provide any positive return.  The value of the Notes will 
fluctuate during the term of the Notes.  Fluctuations in the value of any reference item are unpredictable 
and will be influenced by factors that are beyond the control of the Issuer.  Historical values of any 
reference item should not be considered as any indication of the future performance thereof. 
Prospective investors should note that Reference Item Linked Notes may have a minimum redemption 
amount at the Maturity Date equal to the Protection Amount.  There can be no assurance that the 
Notes will be redeemed on the Maturity Date at an amount above the Protection Amount set out in the 
applicable Issue Terms.  The return on the Notes will depend on the performance of the Reference 
Item(s).  If the value of Reference Item(s) does not increase over the term of the Notes, an investor in 
the Notes will not receive any return on its initial investment amount.  Furthermore, such an investor 
will have lost the opportunity to earn the profit that it might have earned on a deposit or any investment 
in fixed income securities of the same amount and the same duration.  If the Notes are redeemed prior 
to their stated Maturity Date by the Issuer, investors in the Notes may not be repaid the amount 
originally invested by them in the Notes. 
The amount paid or the value of the specified assets delivered by the Issuer on 
redemption of such Notes may be less than the nominal amount of the Notes, together 
with any accrued interest, and may in certain circumstances be zero 
Other factors which may influence the market value of Reference Item Linked Notes include interest 
rates, potential dividend or interest payments (as applicable) in respect of the relevant Reference 
Item(s), changes in the method of calculating the level of the relevant Reference Item(s) from time to 
time, the creditworthiness of the Issuer and/or the issuer of the relevant Reference Item(s) (if 
applicable), general market sentiment  and market expectations regarding the future performance of 
the relevant Reference Item(s), its composition and such Reference Item Linked Notes.  
If any of the relevant Reference Item(s) is an index, the value of such Reference Item(s) on any day 
will reflect the value of its constituents on such day. Changes in the composition of such Reference 
Item(s) and factors (including those described above) which either affect or may affect the value of the 
constituents, will affect the value of such Reference Item(s) and therefore may affect the return on an 
investment in Reference Item Linked Notes.  
The Issuer may issue several issues of Reference Item Linked Notes relating to particular Reference 
Item(s). However, no assurance can be given that the Issuer will issue any Reference Item Linked 
Notes other than the Reference Item Linked Notes to which the applicable Issue Terms relates. At any 
given time, the number of Reference Item Linked Notes outstanding may be substantial. Reference 
Item Linked Notes provide opportunities for investment and pose risks to investors as a result of 
fluctuations in the value of the Reference Item(s) to which such Reference Item Linked Notes relate. 
 Noteholders have no claim against any Reference Item(s) 
Owning Notes with principal, premium or interest and/or delivery of specified assets determined by 
reference to a Reference Item(s) is not the same as owning the Reference Item(s).  A Note will not 
represent a claim against any Reference Item(s) and, in the event that the amount paid on redemption 
of the Notes is less than the nominal amount of the Notes, a Noteholder will not have recourse under 
a Note to any Reference Item(s).  Accordingly, the market value of such Notes may not have a direct 
relationship with the market price of the Reference Item(s) and changes in the market price of the 
Reference Item(s) may not result in a comparable change in the market value of the Notes. For 
example, the market value of such Notes may not increase even if the price of the Reference Item(s) 
increases. It is also possible for the price of the Reference Item(s) to increase while the market price 
of such Notes declines.  
The Issuer will not pledge or hold any Reference Item(s) 
Neither the Issuer nor any of its affiliates will pledge or otherwise hold the Reference Item(s) or other 
derivative instruments for the benefit of Noteholders in order to enable Noteholders to exchange 
Reference Item Linked Notes for the associated Reference Item(s) or other derivative commitments 
under any circumstances.  Consequently, in the event of a bankruptcy, insolvency or liquidation of the 
Issuer, any of the Reference Item(s) or other derivative commitments owned by the Issuer or its

--- Page 66 ---
63 
 
affiliates will be subject to the claims of the Issuer’s creditors generally and will not be available 
specifically for the benefit of Noteholders.  
The occurrence of a Market Disruption Event or a Disrupted Day may have an adverse 
effect on the value of, or payment received, on Notes 
If an issue of Notes includes provisions dealing with the occurrence of a market disruption event or a 
failure to open of an exchange or related exchange on a Valuation Date, an Averaging Date, an 
Observation Date or a scheduled payment date and the Calculation Agent determines that a market 
disruption event or such failure has occurred or exists on a Valuation Date, an Averaging Date, an 
Observation Date or a scheduled payment date, any consequential postponement of the Valuation 
Date, Averaging Date, an Observation Date or a scheduled payment date or any alternative provisions 
for valuation or payment provided in any Notes may have an adverse effect on the value of or payment 
received on such Notes. 
The Issuer will not provide post-issuance information  
The Issuer will not provide post-issuance information in relation to the relevant Reference Item and the 
information relating to the relevant Reference Item will therefore not be up to date beyond the date of 
the applicable Issue Terms. 
The tax treatment of Reference Item Linked Notes is uncertain  
The tax treatment of Reference Item Linked Notes is uncertain and the tax treatment applicable to 
such Notes may change before the maturity, exercise or redemption (as applicable) of the Notes. 
Prospective investors should consult their own independent tax advisors before making an investment 
in Reference Item Linked Notes. 
United States federal tax may be withheld from payments with respect to Notes that are 
treated as “dividend equivalents.” This may have an adverse effect on the value and 
liquidity of the Notes. In addition, if any payment with respect to Notes would be treated 
as a “dividend equivalent,” the Issuer would be entitled to redeem or cancel the Notes 
at any time prior to maturity. 
U.S. Department of the Treasury regulations provide that payments with respect to equity-linked 
instruments (“ELIs”) that are “specified ELIs” may be treated as dividend equivalents if such specified 
ELIs reference an interest in a U.S. “underlying security.” A U.S. underlying security is generally any 
interest in an entity taxable as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes if a payment with 
respect to such interest could give rise to a U.S. source dividend. Specified ELIs generally do not 
include (1) ELIs issued prior to 1 January 2023 that are not delta-one instruments, or (2) ELIs that are 
treated as referencing a “qualified index.” However, it is possible that Notes could be deemed to be 
reissued for U.S. federal income tax purposes upon the occurrence of certain events affecting the 
Reference Item or the Notes, and following such occurrence the Notes could be treated as subject to 
withholding on dividend equivalent payments.  A dividend equivalent payment is treated as a dividend 
from sources within the United States and such payments generally would be subject to a 30 per cent. 
United States withholding tax if paid to a United States Alien holder. 
A qualified index is a passive index that (1) is based on a diverse basket of publicly traded securities, 
(2) is widely used by numerous market participants, and (3) meets certain specific requirements set 
forth in the applicable Treasury regulations. The qualified index determination is made on the first 
business day of the calendar year in which the ELI is issued. If, in connection with the purchase of an 
ELI that references an index, a taxpayer enters into one or more transactions that reduce exposure to 
components of the index, the ELI is not treated as referencing a qualified index. 
If any payments are treated as dividend equivalents subject to withholding, the Issuer (or an applicable 
withholding agent) would be entitled to withhold taxes without being required to pay any additional 
amounts with respect to amounts so withheld. In that case, actual payments on the Notes may be 
substantially less than the amounts specified in their terms. In addition, if any payment with respect to 
the Notes would be treated as a dividend equivalent, the Issuer would be entitled to redeem or cancel 
the Notes, in whole, but not in part, at any time prior to maturity at their Early Redemption Amount, as

--- Page 67 ---
64 
 
determined by the Calculation Agent in its discretion. These amounts could be significantly less than 
the holder’s initial investment, and could be as low as zero. 
The Notes may redeem early following an ‘automatic redemption (autocall) event’ 
The terms of the Notes may provide that they will be automatically redeemed prior to the scheduled 
redemption date if an automatic redemption (autocall) event occurs. An automatic redemption 
(autocall) event will occur if the level, price, value or performance of the Underlying Asset(s) breaches 
one or more specified thresholds on one or more specified dates. In the event that such an automatic 
redemption (autocall) event occurs, investors will be paid an early redemption amount equal to the 
Calculation Amount or such other amount specified in the Conditions. In such case, investors may not 
be able to reinvest the proceeds from an investment at a comparable return and/or with a comparable 
interest rate for a similar level of risk. Potential investors should consider such reinvestment risk in light 
of other available investments before they purchase the Notes. In the event that an automatic 
redemption (autocall) event does not occur during the term of the Notes, investors may lose some or 
all of their investment at maturity, depending on the performance of the Underlying Asset(s) and the 
specific Conditions of their Notes. 
There are potential conflicts of interest in relation to hedging and trading 
The Issuer or one or more of its affiliates may hedge the obligations under Reference Item Linked 
Notes by purchasing or selling the Reference Item(s) or other derivative instruments with returns linked 
to or related to changes in the value of the Reference Item(s) and may also adjust these hedges by, 
among other things, purchasing or selling the Reference Item(s) or other derivative instruments at any 
time and from time to time. Any of these hedging activities may affect the price of the Reference Item(s) 
and, therefore, the value of associated Reference Item Linked Notes. It is possible that the Issuer or 
one or more of its affiliates could receive substantial returns from these hedging activities while the 
value of the Reference Item(s) may decline.  
The Issuer or one or more of its affiliates may also engage in trading in the Reference Item(s) on a 
regular basis as part of general broker-dealer and other businesses of the Issuer or its affiliates, for 
proprietary accounts, for other accounts under management or to facilitate transactions for customers, 
including block transactions. Any of these activities could affect the price of the Reference Item(s) and, 
therefore, the value of the associated Reference Item Linked Notes. The Issuer or one or more of its 
affiliates may also issue or underwrite other securities or financial or derivative instruments with returns 
linked or related to changes in the value of the Reference Item(s) and the availability of such competing 
products could adversely affect the value of the Reference Item Linked Notes.  
The Calculation Agent for an issue of Notes is the agent of the Issuer and not an agent for the 
Noteholders. Where the Issuer acts as Calculation Agent or the Calculation Agent is an affiliate of the 
Issuer, potential conflicts of interest may exist between the Calculation Agent and the Noteholders, 
including with respect to certain determinations and judgements that the Calculation Agent may make 
pursuant to the Conditions that may influence the amount receivable or specified assets deliverable 
upon redemption of the Notes. The Calculation Agent will make such determinations and adjustments 
as it deems appropriate, in accordance with the Conditions. In making such determinations and 
adjustments, the Calculation Agent will be entitled to exercise substantial discretion and may be 
subject to conflicts of interest in exercising this discretion. 
The Issuer and any relevant Dealer may, at the date hereof or any time hereafter, be in possession of 
information in relation to a Reference Item that is or may be material in the context of the Notes and 
may or may not be publicly available to Noteholders.  There is no obligation on the Issuer or any 
Dealer(s) to disclose to Noteholders any such information.  
Prospective investors intending to purchase Notes to hedge against the market risk associated with 
investing in one or more Reference Items should recognise the complexities of utilising the Notes in 
this manner. For example, the value of the Notes may not exactly correlate with the value of the 
Reference Item(s). Due to fluctuating supply and demand for the Notes, there is no assurance that 
their value will correlate with movements of the Reference Item(s).

--- Page 68 ---
65 
 
The Notes may be redeemed early for Illegality  
In the event that the Issuer determines in good faith that the performance of the Issuer’s obligations 
under the Notes or that any arrangements made to hedge the Issuer’s obligations under such Notes 
have or will become unlawful, illegal, or otherwise prohibited in whole or in part, as a result of 
compliance with any applicable present or future law, rule, regulation, judgement, order or directive of 
any governmental, administrative, legislative or judicial authority or power, or the interpretation thereof, 
the Issuer may redeem the Notes prior to their stated maturity at an amount equal to the fair market 
value of each Note taking into account hedge costs or at the Early Redemption Amount specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms, together if appropriate with accrued interest, and taking into account 
hedging losses by any affiliate of the Issuer.   
Governmental regulatory actions could result in material changes to a Reference Item 
and could negatively affect an investor’s return on the Notes  
Governmental regulatory actions, including but not limited to sanctions-related actions by the U.S. or 
other governments, could make it necessary or advisable for there to be material changes to the 
composition of an underlying index of an Index Linked Note, depending on the nature of such 
governmental regulatory actions and the underlying index constituent stocks that are affected, or to an 
Equity underlying an Equity Linked Note. If any governmental regulatory action results in the removal 
of underlying index constituent stocks that have (or historically have had) significant weights within the 
underlying index, such removal, or even any uncertainty relating to a possible removal, could have a 
material and negative effect on the level of such index and, therefore, the return on the Index Linked 
Notes.  Similarly, such governmental regulatory actions could cause a delisting of the Equity underlying 
an Equity Linked Note. If any governmental regulatory action results in the delisting of an Equity 
underlying an Equity Linked Note or even any uncertainty relating to a possible delisting of such Equity, 
the value of the Equity Linked Notes could be adversely affected, and transactions in, or holdings of, 
the Equity Linked Notes may be prohibited under U.S. and/or non-U.S. law.  A holder of Equity Linked 
Notes may suffer significant losses if it is forced to divest the Equity Linked Notes when the value of 
the Equity declines.  
Risk factor applicable to Commodity Linked Notes as described in Condition 6  
The Issuer may issue Notes where the amount of principal and/or interest payable are dependent upon 
the price or changes in the price of a commodity or basket of commodities or where, depending on the 
price or change in the price of the commodity or basket of commodities, on maturity or redemption the 
Issuer may be obliged to deliver specified assets (“Commodity Linked Notes”).   
Potential investors in any such Notes should be aware that depending on the terms of the Commodity 
Linked Notes (i) they may receive no or a limited amount of interest, (ii) payment of principal or interest 
or delivery of any specified assets may occur at a different time than expected and/or (iii) they may 
lose all or a substantial portion of their investment. In addition, the movements in the price of the 
commodity or commodities may be subject to significant fluctuations that may not correlate with 
changes in interest rates, currencies or other indices and the timing of changes in the relevant price of 
the commodity or basket of commodities may affect the actual yield to investors, even if the average 
level is consistent with their expectations.   
The Calculation Agent may determine that a Market Disruption Event (being, in summary, any of a 
price source disruption, a trading disruption, a disappearance of a commodity reference price, a 
material change in formula or content of a commodity, the imposition of a relevant tax which would 
change the relevant price or any other event, in each case, which is specified as Applicable in the 
relevant Issue Terms or which is deemed to apply) has occurred or exists at any relevant time. Any 
such determination may (i) have an effect on the timing of valuation and consequently adversely affect 
the value of the Notes and/or may delay interest payments or settlement (as applicable) or (ii) may 
result in the Issuer redeeming the Notes at the Early Redemption Amount together with, if so specified 
in the relevant Issue Terms, accrued interest.  
The value of Commodity-Linked Notes is linked to commodity futures markets and the commodity spot 
markets, both of which are highly volatile. Commodity markets are influenced by, among other things,

--- Page 69 ---
66 
 
changing supply and demand relationships, weather, governmental, agricultural, commercial and trade 
programmes and policies designed to influence commodity levels or prices, world political and 
economic events, and changes in interest rates. Moreover, certain commodities may be priced by 
reference to futures and options contracts on the relevant commodity and such contracts involve 
additional risks including, without limitation, leverage (margin is usually a percentage of the face value 
of the contract and exposure can be nearly unlimited).  
A futures position may become illiquid because commodity exchanges limit fluctuations in futures 
contract prices during a single day. Under such limits, during a single trading day no trades may be 
executed at prices beyond the daily limits. Once the price of a contract for a particular future has 
increased or decreased by an amount equal to the daily limit, positions in the future can neither be 
taken nor liquidated unless traders are willing to effect trades at or within the limit. This could prevent 
a holder from promptly liquidating unfavourable positions and subject it to substantial losses. Futures 
contract prices in various commodities occasionally have exceeded the daily limit for several 
consecutive days with little or no trading. Similar occurrences could prevent the liquidation of 
unfavourable positions and subject an investor in a Note relating to commodities linked to such contract 
prices to substantial losses.  
The yield on Notes relating to commodity futures contracts are unlikely to perfectly correlate to the 
trend in the price of the underlying commodity because commodity futures contracts which expire prior 
to the relevant payment date under the relevant Notes are typically replaced with future commodity 
contracts that have a later expiry date. Investors may therefore only marginally benefit from any rise/fall 
in prices on such commodities.  
Investors should also consider that the relevant commodity futures contracts could have a trend which 
differs significantly from that of the commodity spot markets. The trend in the price of a commodity 
futures contract compared to the underlying commodity is closely linked to the present and future level 
of the production of the underlying commodity or to the level of estimated natural reserves, particularly 
in the case of energy commodities. In addition, the price of the relevant commodity futures contract 
may not be considered an accurate prediction of a market price, since it also includes “carrying costs” 
(for example, warehouse costs, insurance covering the goods, transportation etc.), which also 
contribute toward the determination of the price of the commodity futures contracts. The above factors 
which directly influence the commodities prices substantially explain the imperfect correlation between 
the commodity spot markets and the commodity futures contracts and holders of Commodity-Linked 
Notes should be aware that the value of such Notes is significantly and potentially adversely exposed 
to such imperfect correlation. 
If the amount of principal and/or interest payable are determined in conjunction with a multiplier greater 
than one or by reference to some other leverage factor, the effect of changes in the price of the 
commodity or commodities on principal, interest payable or the amount of specified assets deliverable 
will be magnified.  
The market price of such Notes may be volatile and may depend on the time remaining to the 
redemption date and the volatility of the price of the commodities. The price of commodities may be 
affected by economic, financial and political events in one or more jurisdictions, including factors 
affecting the exchange(s) or quotation system(s) on which any such commodities may be traded. 
Risk factor applicable Index Linked Notes as described in Condition 7 
The Issuer may issue Notes where the amount of principal and/or interest payable is dependent upon 
the level, or changes in the level, of an index or a basket of indices (“Index Linked Notes”). 
Indices are comprised of a synthetic portfolio of shares, bonds, currency exchange rates, commodities 
and other assets and, as such, the performance of an index is dependent upon the performance of 
components of such index, which may include interest rates, currency developments, political factors, 
market factors such as the general trends in capital markets or broad based indices and (in the case 
of equity securities) company-specific factors such as earnings position, market position, risk situation, 
shareholder structure and distribution policy.  If an index does not perform as expected, this will 
materially and adversely affect the value of Index Linked Notes.

--- Page 70 ---
67 
 
Depending on the terms of the Index Linked Notes (i) they may receive no or a limited amount of 
interest, (ii) payment of principal or interest may occur at a different time than expected and/or (iii) they 
may lose all or a substantial portion of their principal investment. In addition, movements in the level 
of the index or basket of indices may be subject to significant fluctuations that may not correlate with 
changes in interest rates, currencies or other indices and the timing of changes in the relevant level of 
the index or indices may affect the actual yield to investors, even if the average level is consistent with 
their expectations. In general, the earlier the change in the level of an index or result of a formula, the 
greater the effect on yield.  
If the amount of principal and/or interest payable is determined in conjunction with a multiplier greater 
than one or by reference to some other leverage factor, the effect of changes in the level of the index 
or the indices on principal and/or interest payable will be magnified. 
Returns on Index Linked Notes that reference indices may not reflect the return an investor would 
realise if it actually owned the relevant assets comprising the components of the index or owned a 
different form of interest in the relevant index and in the same proportion as the weighting of such 
relevant assets in the index or, as the case may be, indices in an index basket.  For example, if the 
components of the indices are equity securities, Noteholders will not receive any dividends paid or 
distributions made on those equity securities and will not  participate in the return on those dividends 
or distributions unless the relevant index takes dividends into account for purposes of calculating the 
relevant level.  Similarly, an investor in the Notes will not benefit from any voting rights or rights to 
receive cash dividends or other distributions or rights that it would have benefited in case of direct 
investment in the securities.  Accordingly, holders of Notes that reference indices as Reference Items 
may receive a lower payment on the redemption/settlement of such Notes than such holders would 
have received if they had invested in the components of the index directly or other comparable 
instruments linked to the index. 
The Calculation Agent may determine that an event giving rise to a Disrupted Day (as defined in the 
Conditions) and/or, if Additional Disruption Events is specified as applying in the applicable Issue 
Terms, an Additional Disruption Event has occurred at any relevant time. Any such determination may 
have an effect on the timing of valuation and consequently the value of the Notes and/or may delay 
any applicable payments or settlement. Prospective purchasers should review the Conditions and the 
applicable Issue Terms to ascertain whether and how such provisions apply to the Notes. 
The Index Sponsor of any relevant Index can add, delete or substitute the assets comprised in the 
Index or amend in any other way the methodology of the Index. Investors should be aware that those 
decisions by the Index Sponsor may adversely affect the value of the Notes (for example, if the 
components of the indices are equity securities, if a newly added company performs significantly worse 
or better than the company it replaces). 
No Index Sponsor of any relevant Index has to consider interests of Noteholders in calculating and 
revising the Index. 
If an Index Adjustment Event occurs, prospective purchasers should note that the Issuer may redeem 
the Notes early at the Early Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
The market price of such Notes may be volatile and may be affected by the time remaining to the 
redemption date and the volatility of the level of the index or indices. The level of the index or indices 
may be affected by the economic, financial and political events in one or more jurisdictions, including 
the stock exchange(s) or quotation system(s) on which any assets comprising the index or indices may 
be traded. 
Risk factors applicable to Equity Linked Notes as described in Condition 8 
(i) Investors may receive no or a limited amount of interest, payment of principal or 
interest or delivery of any specified assets may occur at a different time than 
expected and/or they may lose all or a substantial portion of their investment 
The Issuer may issue Notes where the amount of principal and/or interest payable is dependent upon 
the price of or changes in the price of an equity security or a basket of equity securities or where,

--- Page 71 ---
68 
 
depending on the price of or change in the price of an equity security or a basket of equity securities, 
on redemption the Issuer’s obligation is to deliver specified assets (“Equity Linked Notes”).  
Depending on the terms of the Equity Linked Notes (i) they may receive no or a limited amount of 
interest, (ii) payment of principal or interest or delivery of any specified assets may occur at a different 
time than expected and/or (iii) they may lose all or a substantial portion of their investment. In addition, 
movements in the price of the equity security or basket of equity securities may be subject to significant 
fluctuations that may not correlate with changes in interest rates, currencies or other indices and the 
timing of changes in the relevant price of the equity security or basket of equity securities may affect 
the actual yield to investors, even if the average level is consistent with their expectations. In general, 
the earlier the change in the price of the equity security or equity securities, the greater the effect on 
yield.  
If the amount of principal and/or interest payable is determined in conjunction with a multiplier greater 
than one or by reference to some other leverage factor, the effect of changes in the price of the equity 
security or equity securities on principal and/or interest payable will be magnified.  
The market price of such Notes may be volatile and may be affected by the time remaining to the 
redemption date, the volatility of the equity security or equity securities, the dividend rate (if any) and 
the financial results and prospects of the issuer or issuers of the relevant equity security or equity 
securities as well as economic, financial and political events in one or more jurisdictions, including 
factors affecting the stock exchange(s) or quotation system(s) on which any such securities may be 
traded. 
(ii) No issuer of the relevant equity security(ies) will have participated in the 
preparation of the applicable Issue Terms or in establishing the terms of the Equity 
Linked Notes 
No equity issuer will have participated in the preparation of the applicable Issue Terms or in 
establishing the terms of the Equity Linked Notes and neither the Issuer nor any Dealer will make any 
investigation or enquiry in connection with such offering with respect to any information concerning 
any such equity issuer contained in such Issue Terms or in the documents from which such information 
was extracted. The Issuer does not control any equity issuer and is not responsible for any disclosure 
made by any equity issuer. Consequently, there can be no assurance that all events occurring prior to 
the relevant issue date (including events that would affect the adequacy, accuracy or completeness of 
the publicly available information described in this paragraph or in any applicable Issue Terms) that 
would affect the trading price of the relevant equity securities will have been publicly disclosed. 
Subsequent disclosure of any such events or the disclosure of or failure to disclose material future 
events concerning such equity issuer could affect the trading price of the equity security(ies) and 
therefore the trading price of the Notes. 
(iii) Factors affecting the performance of equity securities may adversely affect the 
value of the Equity Linked Notes 
The performance of equity securities is dependent upon macroeconomic factors, such as interest and 
price levels on the capital markets, currency developments, political factors and company-specific 
factors such as earnings position, market position, risk situation, shareholder structure and distribution 
policy. These factors are not within the Issuer’s control and may result in a decline in the value of the 
Equity Linked Notes. 
(iv) Noteholders have no claim against the equity issuers or recourse to the equities 
Equity Linked Notes do not represent a claim against or an investment in any equity issuer and 
investors will not have any right of recourse under the Equity Linked Notes against the equity issuer.  
Equity Linked Notes are not in any way sponsored, endorsed or promoted by any equity issuer and 
such companies have no obligation to take into account the consequences of their actions for any 
investors. Accordingly, the equity issuer may take any actions in respect of such equity securities 
without regard to the interests of the investors in the Equity Linked Notes, and any of these actions 
could adversely affect the market value of the Equity Linked Notes.

--- Page 72 ---
69 
 
(v) Determinations made by the Calculation Agent in respect of Potential Adjustment 
Events, Merger Events, Tender Offers, De-listing, Nationalizations, Insolvencies and 
Additional Disruption Events may have an adverse effect on the value of the Equity 
Linked Notes 
Upon determining that a Potential Adjustment Event, Merger Event, Tender Offer, De-listing, 
Nationalization, Insolvency or Additional Disruption Event has occurred in relation to an underlying 
equity issuer, the Calculation Agent has broad discretion to make certain determinations to account 
for such event including to (i) make adjustments to the terms of the Equity Linked Notes and/ or (ii) (in 
the case of a Merger Event, Tender Offer, De-listing, Nationalization, Insolvency or an Additional 
Disruption Event) cause early redemption of the Equity Linked Notes, any of which determinations may 
have an adverse effect on the value of the Equity Linked Notes (subject to the provisions of the Belgian 
Securities Annex where the Belgian Securities Annex is specified as applying in the applicable Issue 
Terms). In particular, in the event that the Equity Linked Notes are redeemed early, the amount payable 
to investors may be significantly less than the investor’s initial investment, and may be as low as zero. 
Potential Adjustment Events include (a) a sub-division, consolidation or re-classification of the equity 
securities, (b) an extraordinary dividend, (c) a call of the Shares that are not fully paid, (d) a repurchase 
by the Share Company, or an affiliate thereof, of the Shares, (e) a separation of rights from the Shares 
or (f) any event having a dilutive or concentrative effect on the value of the Shares.  
If Additional Disruption Events is specified as applying in the applicable Issue Terms, the Calculation 
Agent may determine that an Additional Disruption Event has occurred at any relevant time. Additional 
Disruption Events include (1) a change in applicable law since the Trade Date that makes it illegal to 
hold, acquire or dispose of the Shares or more expensive for the Issuer to hedge its obligations under 
the relevant Equity Linked Notes, (2) an insolvency filing by or on behalf of any issuer of the relevant 
Share(s), (3) Increased Cost of Hedging and (4) Hedging Disruption.  Increased Cost of Hedging and 
Hedging Disruption do not constitute Additional Disruption Events for Notes where Belgian Securities 
Annex is specified as applying in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Any such determination may have an effect on the timing of valuation and consequently the value of 
the Notes and/or may delay any applicable payments. Prospective purchasers should review the 
Conditions and the applicable Issue Terms to ascertain whether and how such provisions apply to the 
Notes.  
(vi) Adoption of the euro  
In respect of Equity Linked Notes relating to an equity security or equity securities originally quoted, 
listed and/or dealt as of the Trade Date in a currency of a member state of the European Union that 
has not adopted the euro, if such equity security or equity securities is/are at any time after the Trade 
Date quoted, listed and/or dealt exclusively in euro on the relevant stock exchange or quotation 
system, prospective purchasers should note that the Calculation Agent will adjust any one or more of 
the relevant Interest Amount and/or the Redemption Amount and/or the Asset Amount and/or the Strike 
Price and/or the Multiplier and/or any of the other terms of the Conditions and/or the applicable Issue 
Terms as the Calculation Agent determines in its sole and absolute discretion to be appropriate to 
preserve the economic terms of the Notes. Prospective purchasers should also note that the 
Calculation Agent will make any conversion necessary for the purposes of any such adjustment as of 
the relevant Valuation Time at an appropriate mid-market spot rate of exchange determined by the 
Calculation Agent prevailing as of the relevant Valuation Time.  
(vii) Noteholders will have no voting rights or may have no right to receive dividends or 
distributions in respect of the relevant equity securities  
Except as provided in the relevant Conditions in relation to Physical Delivery Notes, holders of Equity 
Linked Notes will not have voting rights or any other rights with respect to the relevant equity securities 
to which such Equity Linked Notes relate. Unless the “Dividend Amount Provisions” are applicable for 
Equity Linked Notes, Holders of Equity Linked Notes will not have rights to receive dividends or 
distributions. As a result, the return on the Equity Linked Notes may not reflect the return an investor 
would realize if the investor actually owned those relevant equity securities and received the dividends 
paid or other distributions made in connection with them.

--- Page 73 ---
70 
 
(viii) Noteholders may receive physical delivery of equity securities in lieu of payment 
of cash amounts 
Where the Equity Linked Notes include the right of the Issuer, subject to the fulfillment of a particular 
condition, to redeem the Equity Linked Notes at their maturity by delivering equity securities to the 
investor, the investors will receive such equity securities rather than a monetary amount upon maturity. 
Noteholders will, therefore, be exposed to the equity issuer and the risks associated with such equity 
securities. The investor should not assume that he or she will be able to sell such equity securities for 
a specific price after the redemption/settlement of the Notes, and in particular not for the purchase 
price of the Equity Linked Notes. Under certain circumstances the equity securities may only have a 
very low value or may, in fact, be worthless.  
Noteholders may also be subject to certain documentary or stamp taxes in relation to the delivery 
and/or disposal of such equity securities. Noteholders may be subject to United Kingdom stamp duty 
reserve tax if (a) the equity securities are not shares of a body corporate, (b) they are shares of a body 
corporate but either (i) the body corporate is incorporated in the United Kingdom, (ii) the equity 
securities are registered in a register kept in the United Kingdom by or on behalf of the body corporate 
by which they are issued or raised or (iii) the equity securities are paired with shares of a body 
corporate incorporated in the United Kingdom, or (c) the equity securities are issued or raised by a UK 
Societas. 
Additional considerations relevant for Index Linked Notes or Equity Linked Notes where 
an equity security, basket of equity securities or equity index is the Reference Item 
Noteholders will not have voting rights or rights to receive dividends or other distributions or any other 
rights that holders of the reference equity securities would have and Noteholders will not have any 
beneficial interest in or right to acquire the reference equity securities or any derivative instruments 
related thereto.  
The Calculation Agent may not be required to make an adjustment for every event that can affect the 
reference index or equity securities.  If an event occurs that does not require the Issuer to adjust the 
amount payable at maturity in respect of the reference equity security or reference index of equity 
securities, the market price of the associated Reference Item Linked Notes and the amount of interest 
or the principal amount payable at the maturity may be materially and adversely affected.  
The Issuer or one or more of its affiliates may, at present or in the future, engage in business with an 
issuer of reference equity securities or its competitors, including making loans to or equity investments 
in an issuer of reference equity securities or its competitors or providing either with investment banking, 
asset management or other advisory services, including merger and acquisition advisory services. 
These activities may present a conflict between the Issuer’s or its affiliates’ obligations and the interests 
of Noteholders.  Moreover, the Issuer or one or more of its affiliates may have published and may in 
the future publish research reports on an issuer of reference equity securities or upon any reference 
index which may be modified from time to time without notice and may express opinions or provide 
recommendations that are inconsistent with purchasing or holding the Reference Item Linked Notes. 
Any of these activities could affect the price of the reference equity securities or index and, therefore, 
the value of the associated Reference Item Linked Notes.  
If the Issuer and its affiliates are not affiliated with the issuers of the reference equity securities, the 
Issuer will have no ability to control or predict the actions of these issuers, including any corporate 
actions of the type that would require the Issuer to adjust the amount payable on the Reference Item 
Linked Notes, and will have no ability to control the public disclosure of these corporate actions or any 
other events or circumstances affecting the issuers of reference equity securities. The issuers of the 
reference equity securities will have no obligation to consider the interests of Noteholders in taking any 
corporate actions that might affect the value of the associated Reference Item Linked Notes.  The 
issuers of the reference equity securities may take actions that will adversely affect the value of the 
associated Reference Item Linked Notes.  None of the money paid for the Reference Item Linked 
Notes will go to the issuers of the reference equity securities.  
Neither the Issuer nor any of its affiliates assumes any responsibility for the adequacy or accuracy of 
the information about the issuers of the reference equity securities contained in any terms supplement

--- Page 74 ---
71 
 
or in any publicly available filings made by the issuers of the reference equity securities. Prospective 
investors should make their own investigation into the relevant issuers of the reference equity 
securities.  
Risk factors applicable to FX Linked Notes as described in Condition 9 
(i) Factors affecting the performance of the relevant foreign exchange rate may 
adversely affect the value of the Notes 
The Issuer may issue Notes where the amount of principal and/or interest payable is dependent upon 
foreign exchange rates or changes in foreign exchange rates. The foreign exchange rate(s) to which 
the Notes are linked will affect the nature and value of the investment return on the FX Linked Notes 
(or any other Notes which expose the investor to foreign exchange risks). The performance of foreign 
exchange rates is dependent upon the supply and demand for currencies in the international foreign 
exchange markets, which are subject to international and domestic political factors, economic factors 
(including inflation rates in the countries concerned, interest rate differences between the respective 
countries), economic forecasts, currency convertibility and safety of making financial investments in 
the currency concerned, speculation and measures taken by governments and central banks. 
Measures taken by governments and central banks include, without limitation, imposition of regulatory 
controls or taxes, issuance of a new currency to replace an existing currency, alteration of the 
exchange rate or exchange characteristics by devaluation or revaluation of a currency or imposition of 
exchange controls with respect to the exchange or transfer of a Specified Currency that would affect 
exchange rates and the availability of a Specified Currency which would affect return on the FX Linked 
Note or ability of the Issuer to make delivery in the Specified Currency. 
(ii) The Issuer is an active foreign exchange dealer and is subject to conflicts of interest 
Investors should note that the Issuer and its affiliates are regular participants in the foreign exchange 
markets and in the ordinary course of their business may effect transactions for their own account or 
for the account of their customers and hold long and short positions in currencies and related 
derivatives, including in the currencies of the relevant foreign exchange rate(s). Such transactions may 
affect the relevant foreign exchange rate(s), the market price, liquidity or value of the Notes and could 
be adverse to the interests of holders. Neither the Issuer nor any of its Affiliates has any duty to enter 
into such transactions in a manner which is favourable to Noteholders. 
(iii) Currencies of emerging markets jurisdictions pose particular risks 
FX Linked Notes linked to emerging market currencies may experience greater volatility and less 
certainty as to the future levels of such emerging market currencies or their rate of exchange as against 
other currencies.  
Risk factors applicable to Fund Linked Notes as described in Condition 10 
(i) Investors may receive no or a limited amount of interest or additional amounts, as 
applicable, payments or delivery of any specified assets may occur at a different time 
than expected and they may lose all or a substantial portion of their investment 
The Issuer may issue Notes where the amounts payable are dependent upon the price or changes in 
the price of one or more Fund Interests or Fund Shares or where, depending on the price or changes 
in the price of one or more Fund Interests or Fund Shares, the Issuer has an obligation to deliver 
specified assets.   Accordingly, an investment in Fund Linked Notes may bear similar market risks to 
a direct fund investment and investors should take advice accordingly.  Funds may also include 
exchange traded funds (“ETFs”) and references herein to a Fund includes an ETF where the context 
so admits. 
Potential investors in any such Notes should be aware that depending on the terms of the Fund Linked 
Notes (i) they may receive no or a limited amount of interest or additional amounts, as applicable, (ii) 
payments or delivery of any specified assets may occur at a different time than expected and (iii) they 
may lose all or a substantial portion of their investment.  In addition, the movements in the price of one 
or more Fund Shares or Fund Interests may be subject to significant fluctuations that may not correlate

--- Page 75 ---
72 
 
with changes in interest rates, currencies or other indices and the timing of changes in the relevant 
price of the one or more Fund Shares or Fund Interests may affect the actual yield to investors, even 
if the average level is consistent with their expectations. In general, the earlier the change in the price 
or prices of one or more Fund Shares or Fund Interests, the greater the effect on yield. 
(ii) A Fund may be subject to Fund Events which may adversely impact the value of 
Fund Linked Notes 
If certain events specified as Fund Events occur, the Calculation Agent may replace the Fund by other 
Funds and thereafter the amount payable in respect of the Fund Linked Notes will depend on and be 
calculated by reference to the performance of an alternate asset. This may have a considerable impact 
on the value of the Fund Linked Notes and the amount payable in respect of the Fund Linked Notes. 
Alternatively, any determination dates and payment dates may be changed by the Calculation Agent, 
or the amount paid per Fund Linked Notes may be based on the only cash amounts that an investor 
in the fund actually received, which might be as low as zero. 
(iii) Risk from composition and changes to a fund 
Neither the Issuer nor its affiliates have the ability to control or predict the actions of the Fund Adviser 
or other Fund Service Provider. The Fund Adviser is not involved in the offer of the Notes in any way 
and has no obligation to consider the interests of the Noteholders in taking any corporate actions that 
might affect the value of the Notes.  The management company of a Fund (the “Fund Manager”) can, 
without regard to the interests of the investors in the Fund Linked Notes, add, delete or substitute any 
Funds by reference to which the value of a Fund is calculated or make other methodological changes 
that could change the investment profile of a Fund. The Fund Manager may also determine to 
discontinue a Fund. If a Fund is discontinued, it may be replaced by other assets and/or the Fund 
Linked Notes may be redeemed or exercised early. In the event that a Fund is materially modified or 
permanently cancelled or the Fund Manager fails to calculate or announce the net asset value of a 
Fund, the Calculation Agent will either make such adjustments to any variable, calculation 
methodology, valuation, settlement, payment terms or any other Conditions of the Fund Linked Notes 
as the Calculation Agent determines appropriate to account for the effect on the Fund Linked Notes of 
such events, or may redeem or exercise the Fund Linked Notes early. Any of these decisions or 
determinations may adversely impact the value of the Fund Linked Notes. In the event that the Fund 
Linked Notes are redeemed early, that amount payable to an investor may be less than the investor’s 
initial investment, and may be as low as zero. 
(iv) Funds may be subject to transfer restrictions and illiquidity 
Funds and the assets thereof may be subject to transfer restrictions arising by way of applicable 
securities laws or otherwise. Such restrictions may mean that purchasers of the Fund Linked Notes 
are not entitled to acquire interests in the Funds directly. Holders of units or shares in a Fund may 
have the right to transfer or withdraw their investment in the Funds only at certain times and upon 
completion of certain documentary formalities and such rights may be subject to suspension or 
alteration. These circumstances may affect the net asset value of the Funds in question. Potential 
investors should familiarize themselves with the features of the Funds in this regard.  
(v) Events which affect the value of a Fund will affect the value of Fund Linked Notes 
The occurrence of any of the following events could materially and adversely affect the value of shares 
or units in a Fund, and have a consequent material and adverse effect on the value of Fund Linked 
Notes: 
• 
Valuation: The valuation of Funds is generally controlled by the management company of the 
Fund. Valuations are performed in accordance with the terms and conditions governing the 
Fund. Such valuations may be based upon the unaudited financial records of the Fund and 
any accounts pertaining thereto. Such valuations may be preliminary calculations of the net 
asset values of the Fund and accounts. The Fund may hold a significant number of 
investments which are illiquid or otherwise not actively traded and in respect of which reliable 
net asset values may be difficult to obtain. In consequence, the management company may 
vary certain quotations for such investments held by the Fund in order to reflect its judgement

--- Page 76 ---
73 
 
as to the fair value thereof. Therefore, valuations may be subject to subsequent adjustment 
upward or downward. Uncertainties as to the valuation of Fund assets and/or accounts may 
have an adverse effect on the net asset value of the Fund where such judgements regarding 
valuations prove to be incorrect. 
• 
Trading charges: The performance of a Fund will be affected by the charges incurred thereby 
relating to the investments of such Fund. The Fund may engage in short-term trading which 
may result in increased turnover and associated higher than normal brokerage commissions 
and other expenses. 
• 
Legal and regulatory changes: Future changes to applicable law or regulation may be adverse 
to a Fund. 
• 
Investment risk: All investments risk the loss of capital and/or the diminution of investment 
returns. A Fund may utilize (inter alia) strategies such as short-selling, leverage, securities 
lending and borrowing, investment in sub-investment grade or non-readily realizable 
investments, uncovered options transactions, options and futures transactions and foreign 
exchange transactions and the use of concentrated portfolios, each of which could, in certain 
circumstances, magnify adverse market developments and losses. 
• 
Illiquidity: A Fund may make investments in markets that are volatile and/or illiquid and it may 
be difficult or costly for positions therein to be opened or liquidated. 
• 
Performance risk: No assurance can be given relating to the present or future performance of 
a Fund. The performance of a Fund is dependent on the performance of the management 
company thereof. Certain management companies may utilize analytical models upon which 
investment decisions are based. No assurance can be given that these persons will succeed 
in meeting the investment objectives of the Fund, that any analytical model used thereby will 
prove to be correct or that any assessments of the short-term or long-term prospects, volatility 
and correlation of the types of investments in which the Funds have invested or will invest will 
prove accurate. 
• 
Effect of exchange rates and exchange controls: The net asset value of a Fund could be 
adversely affected not only by hedging costs and changes in exchange rates, but also by local 
exchange control regulations and other limitations, including currency exchange limitations 
and political and economic developments in the relevant countries. 
• 
Market risks: The markets in which a Fund invests may prove to be highly volatile from time to 
time as a result of, for example, sudden changes in government policies on taxation and 
currency repatriation or changes in legislation relating to the value of foreign ownership in 
companies, and this may affect the net asset value at which a Fund may liquidate positions to 
meet repurchase requests or other funding requirements. 
• 
Hedging risks: A Fund may in certain cases employ various hedging techniques to reduce the 
risk of investment positions. A substantial risk remains, nonetheless, that such techniques will 
not always be available and when available, will not always be effective in limiting losses. A 
Fund may take substantial unhedged positions. 
• 
Interest rate risks: The values of securities held by a Fund (or by any underlying Fund) tend to 
be sensitive to interest rate fluctuations and unexpected fluctuations in interest rates could 
cause the corresponding net asset values of a Fund’s positions to move in directions which 
were not initially anticipated. To the extent that interest rate assumptions underlie the hedge 
ratios implemented in hedging a particular position, fluctuations in interest rates could 
invalidate those underlying assumptions and expose a Fund to losses. 
• 
Absence of regulation: A Fund will generally not be regulated under the laws of any country or 
jurisdiction. As a result, certain protections of such laws (which, among other things, may 
require investment companies to have disinterested directors, require securities to be held in 
custody and segregated, regulate the relationship between the investment company and its 
adviser and mandate investor approval before fundamental investment policies may be

--- Page 77 ---
74 
 
changed) do not apply to a Fund. This absence of regulation may adversely affect the 
performance of a Fund. 
• 
Suspension of trading: A securities exchange typically has the right to suspend or limit trading 
in any instrument traded on that exchange. A suspension could render it impossible for a Fund 
to liquidate positions and thereby expose a Fund to losses. 
• 
Dependence on key individuals: The success of a Fund is dependent on the expertise of its 
managers. The loss of one or more individuals could have a material adverse effect on the 
ability of a Fund Manager to direct a fund’s portfolio, resulting in losses for a Fund and a 
decline in the value of a Fund. Indeed, certain fund managers may have only one principal, 
without whom the relevant Fund Manager could not continue to operate. 
• 
Experience of Fund Managers: Certain Funds may be managed by investment managers who 
have managed hedge funds for a relatively short period of time. The previous experience of 
such investment managers is typically in trading proprietary accounts of financial institutions 
or managing unhedged accounts of institutional asset managers or other investment firms. As 
such investment managers do not have direct experience in managing Funds or hedge funds, 
including experience with financial, legal or regulatory considerations unique to Fund 
management, and there is generally less information available on which to base an opinion of 
such managers’ investment and management expertise, investments with such investment 
managers may be subject to greater risk and uncertainty than investments with more 
experienced Fund Managers.  
• 
Risk of fraud: There is a risk that a Fund Manager could divert or abscond with the assets, fail 
to follow agreed-upon investment strategies, provide false reports of operations or engage in 
other misconduct. 
• 
Performance compensation payable to Fund Managers: The performance-based 
compensation paid to a Fund Manager is typically calculated on a basis that includes 
unrealized appreciation and may consequently be greater than if such compensation were 
based solely on realized gains. Each Fund generally calculates its own performance 
compensation based on its individual performance, irrespective of increases in the overall 
value of the Fund. Furthermore, when the Fund is rebalanced and an unprofitable underlying 
asset is removed, the loss carried forward by such Fund’s trading is eliminated for purposes 
of calculating subsequent performance compensation due to the Fund Manager of any 
replacement underlying asset. Thus, there may be substantial incentive compensation due to 
the relevant Fund Manager even during a period when the portfolio of assets is incurring 
significant losses.  
• 
Concentration risk: As many hedge funds have the authority to concentrate their investments 
in securities of a single issuer or industry, the overall adverse impact on one or more 
components of the fund, and correspondingly on the value of the Fund, of adverse movements 
in the value of such securities could be considerably greater than if the Fund were not 
permitted to concentrate their investments. Moreover, a number of hedge funds included as 
components in a Fund might accumulate substantial positions in the same or related 
instruments at the same time. As information regarding the actual investments made by such 
funds is not generally available, the management company will be unable to identify any such 
accumulations, which could expose the relevant Fund to the risk of sudden and severe 
declines. 
• 
Risks of leverage: A Fund may borrow without limitation and typically utilizes various lines of 
credit and other forms of leverage. In addition, certain of a Fund’s investment strategies 
(primarily those utilizing derivative instruments) may involve indirect forms of leverage. While 
leverage presents opportunities for increasing a Fund’s total return, it increases the potential 
risk of loss as well. Any event which adversely affects the value of an investment by a Fund is 
magnified to the extent that such investment is leveraged. Leverage can have a similar effect 
on issuers in which a Fund invests. The use of leverage by a Fund could result in substantial 
losses which would be greater than if leverage had not been used. A Fund’s assets may be 
further leveraged or hedged by the use of derivatives. In addition, investments of a fund may

--- Page 78 ---
75 
 
include investments in partnerships and other pooled investment vehicles, which themselves 
employ leverage to a significant extent. Such investments are subject to the same leverage 
risks as described above and a Fund could lose its entire investment. As a general matter, the 
banks and dealers that provide financing to a fund can apply essentially discretionary margin, 
haircut, financing and security and collateral valuation policies. Changes by banks and dealers 
in these policies may result in large margin calls, loss of financing and forced liquidations of 
positions at disadvantageous net asset values. 
• 
Non-deductible taxes: As Funds may be resident in so-called off-shore jurisdictions, which 
have not entered into any double taxation conventions with other countries, any income of 
such Fund may be subject to taxation in the countries of origin. As such withholding taxes are 
non-deductible due to the fact that such Funds are not subject to income taxation in their 
countries of residence, the Fund’s net income may be reduced which may have a negative 
impact on the performance of such Fund. 
• 
Investment criteria: It may be difficult to specify precisely or comprehensively the strategies of 
a Fund. As a result, it may not sometimes be clear whether or not a Fund fulfills the investment 
criteria set out in its offering document. 
• 
Risks of equity investments: The investment orientation of a Fund may be based to a 
significant extent on equity investments. Investment in equity securities to aggressively seek 
capital appreciation is speculative and is generally perceived to encompass greater risks than 
those involved in connection with an investment in debt securities of comparable issuers. 
• 
Risks of fixed income investments: A Fund may invest in fixed income securities and, 
therefore, may be exposed to the risk of default by the issuers of such securities. Such default 
may result in delays in payment, or non-payment of interest or principal when due. 
Furthermore, the net asset value of fixed income securities may also fluctuate with changes 
in prevailing interest rates and/or in the creditworthiness of the issuer, and these fluctuations 
may result in a loss of capital by a Fund. 
• 
Risks of collective investment schemes: Some Funds may invest in other collective investment 
schemes. Investment in schemes of this type may afford the investor less transparency in 
respect of the ultimate assets of the scheme. 
• 
Large transactions: Large subscriptions and redemptions may result in the liquidation or 
dilution of fund assets that may affect the net asset value of such Fund.  
• 
Emerging markets: A Fund may invest in securities of governments of, or companies domiciled 
in, less-developed or emerging markets. Custody arrangements in such countries may also 
present enhanced risk. 
• 
Risks of repos: A Fund may use repurchase agreements. Under a repurchase agreement, a 
security is sold to a buyer and at the same time the seller of the security agrees to buy back 
the security at a later date at a higher net asset value. In the event of a bankruptcy or other 
default of the transferor of securities in a repurchase agreement, a Fund could experience 
delays in liquidating the underlying securities and losses, including possible declines in the 
value of the collateral during the period while it seeks to enforce its rights thereto; possible 
subnormal levels of income and lack of access to income during this period and the expenses 
of enforcing its rights. In the case of a default by the transferee of securities in a repurchase 
agreement, the management company bears the risk that the transferee may not deliver the 
securities when required. 
• 
Risks of currency speculation: A Fund may engage in exchange rate speculation. Foreign 
exchange rates have been highly volatile in recent years. The combination of volatility and 
leverage gives rise to the possibility of large profit but also carries a high risk of loss. In 
addition, there is counterparty credit risk since foreign exchange trading is done on a principal 
to principal basis.

--- Page 79 ---
76 
 
• 
Risks of commodity futures: Commodity futures prices can be highly volatile. As a result of the 
low margin deposits normally required in futures trading, an extremely high degree of leverage 
is typical of a futures trading account. As a result, a relatively small price movement in a futures 
contract may result in substantial losses to the investor. Like other leveraged investments, a 
futures transaction may result in losses in excess of the amount invested.  
• 
Risks of derivative and certain other financial instruments: A Fund may use derivative and 
other financial instruments, such as collateralized debt obligations, stripped mortgage-backed 
securities, options and swaps. There are uncertainties as to how the derivatives market will 
perform during periods of unusual price volatility or instability, market illiquidity or credit 
distress. Substantial risks are also involved in borrowing and lending against such instruments. 
The prices of these instruments are volatile, market movements are difficult to predict and 
financing sources and related interest rates are subject to rapid change. One or more markets 
may move against the positions held by a Fund, thereby causing substantial losses. Most of 
these instruments are not traded on exchanges but rather through an informal network of 
banks and dealers. These banks and dealers have no obligation to make markets in these 
instruments and may apply essentially discretionary margin and credit requirements (and thus, 
in effect, force a Fund to close out its relevant positions). In addition, such instruments carry 
the additional risk of failure to perform by the counterparty to the transaction. Government 
policies, especially those of the U.S. Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the 
“Federal Reserve Board”) and non-U.S. central banks, have profound effects on interest and 
exchange rates which, in turn, affect prices of derivative instruments. Many other 
unforeseeable events, including actions by various government agencies and domestic and 
international political events, may cause sharp market fluctuations. 
• 
Risks of short selling: A Fund may sell securities short. Short selling exposes a Fund to 
theoretically unlimited risk due to the lack of an upper limit on the price to which a security may 
rise. Short selling involves the sale of borrowed stock. If a stock loan is called, the short seller 
may be forced to repurchase the stock at a loss. In addition, some traders may attempt to 
profit by forcing short sellers to incur a loss. Traders may make large purchases of a stock that 
has been sold short. The large purchases are intended to drive up the stock price, and cause 
the short sellers to incur losses. By doing this, the traders hope the short sellers will limit their 
losses by repurchasing the stock and force the stock price even higher. 
• 
Risks of arbitrage: The use of arbitrage strategies by a Fund in no respect should be taken to 
imply that such strategies are without risk. Substantial losses may be incurred on “hedge” or 
“arbitrage” positions, and illiquidity and default on one side of a position may effectively result 
in the position being transformed into an outright speculation. Every arbitrage strategy involves 
exposure to some second order risk of the market, such as the implied volatility in convertible 
bonds or warrants, the yield spread between similar term government bonds or the net asset 
value spread between different classes of stock for the same underlying firm. Further, there 
are few examples of “pure” arbitrage Funds. Most Funds also employ limited directional 
strategies which expose them to market risk. 
• 
Credit risk: Many of the markets in which a Fund effects its transactions are “over-the-counter” 
or “inter-dealer” markets. The participants in these markets are typically not subject to credit 
evaluation and regulatory oversight as are members of “exchange based” markets. To the 
extent that a Fund invests in swaps, derivatives or synthetic instruments, or other over-the-
counter transactions in these markets, such Fund may take a credit risk with regard to parties 
with which it trades and also may bear the risk of settlement default. These risks may differ 
materially from those involved in exchange-traded transactions, which generally are 
characterized by clearing organization guarantees, daily marking-to-market and settlement, 
and segregation and minimum capital requirements applicable to intermediaries. Transactions 
entered into directly between two counterparties generally do not benefit from these 
protections, which in turn may subject a Fund to the risk that a counterparty will not settle a 
transaction in accordance with its terms and conditions because of a dispute over the terms 
of the contract or because of a credit or liquidity problem. Such “counterparty risk” is increased 
for contracts with longer maturities when events may intervene to prevent settlement. The 
ability of a Fund to transact business with any one or any number of counterparties, the lack

--- Page 80 ---
77 
 
of any independent evaluation of the counterparties or their financial capabilities, and the 
absence of a regulated market to facilitate settlement, may increase the potential for losses.  
• 
Risks relating to controlling stakes: A Fund may take controlling stakes in companies. The 
exercise of control over a company imposes additional risks of liability for environmental 
damage, product defects, failure to supervise and other types of related liability.  
• 
Price volatility: The market price of Fund Linked Notes may be volatile and may depend on 
the time remaining to the redemption date or settlement date (as applicable) and the volatility 
of the price of Fund share(s) or unit(s). The price of Fund share(s) or unit(s) may be affected 
by the economic, financial and political events in one or more jurisdictions, including factors 
affecting the exchange(s) or quotation system(s) on which any units in the Fund or Funds may 
be traded. 
(vi) Noteholders may receive physical delivery of shares of a Fund in lieu of payment of 
cash amounts 
Where the Fund Linked Notes include the right of the Issuer, subject to the fulfillment of a particular 
condition, to redeem the Fund Linked Notes at their maturity by delivering shares of a Fund to the 
investor, the investors will receive such Fund Shares rather than a monetary amount upon maturity. 
Noteholders will, therefore, be exposed to the Fund and the risks associated with such Fund Shares. 
The investor should not assume that he or she will be able to sell such Fund Shares for a specific price 
after the redemption/settlement of the Notes, and in particular not for the purchase price of the Fund 
Linked Notes. Under certain circumstances the Fund Shares may only have a very low value or may, 
in fact, be worthless.  
Noteholders may also be subject to certain documentary or stamp taxes in relation to the delivery 
and/or disposal of such Fund Shares.  Noteholders may be subject to United Kingdom stamp duty 
reserve tax if (a) the Fund Shares are not shares of a body corporate, (b) they are shares of a body 
corporate but either (i) the body corporate is incorporated in the United Kingdom, (ii) the Fund Shares 
are registered in a register kept in the United Kingdom by or on behalf of the body corporate by which 
they are issued or raised or (iii) the Fund Shares are paired with shares of a body corporate 
incorporated in the United Kingdom, or (c) the Fund Shares are issued or raised by a UK Societas. 
(vii) As the shares of certain Funds may only be redeemable on certain dates, there is 
a risk of delays or defaults in payment 
The shares of a Fund may only be redeemable on certain redemption dates, subject to the prescribed 
notice period in respect of such Fund. This gives rise to a time delay between the execution of an order 
for redemption and payment of the proceeds on such redemption. If the Fund becomes insolvent 
following the date on which a redemption order would have to be notionally placed or the Calculation 
Agent determines that the relevant Fund would fail to pay to any shareholder in cash the full redemption 
proceeds owing to them if they redeemed their shares on the relevant date, an adjustment may be 
made by the Calculation Agent when calculating the return on the Notes to the net asset value per 
share of the relevant Fund, thereby reducing the return on the Notes. 
(viii) Additional Risks related to Fund Linked Notes linked to Exchange Traded Funds 
In the case of Fund Linked Notes linked to ETFs, if the Calculation Agent determines that an event 
giving rise to a Disrupted Day has occurred at any relevant time, any such determination may have an 
effect on the timing of valuation and consequently the value of the Notes and/or may delay settlement 
in respect of the Fund Linked Notes. Potential investors should review the relevant Conditions and the 
applicable Issue Terms to ascertain whether and how such provisions apply to the Fund Linked Notes.  
In the case of Fund Linked Notes linked to ETFs following the declaration by the ETF of the occurrence 
of any Potential Adjustment Event, the Calculation Agent will, in its sole and absolute discretion, 
determine whether such Potential Adjustment Event has a diluting or concentrative effect on the 
theoretical relevant Fund Shares and, if so, will (i) make the corresponding adjustment, if any, to any 
of the terms of the relevant Conditions and/or the applicable Issue Terms as the Calculation Agent in 
its sole and absolute discretion determines appropriate to account for that diluting or concentrative

--- Page 81 ---
78 
 
effect and (ii) determine the effective date of that adjustment. Such adjustment may have an adverse 
effect on the value and liquidity of the affected Fund Linked Notes. In addition, in the case of Fund 
Linked Notes linked to ETFs, if a Merger Event, Tender Offer, De-Listing, Material Underlying Event, 
Nationalization or Insolvency occurs in relation to any Fund Share, the Issuer in its sole and absolute 
discretion may take the action described in (i) or (ii) below: 
(i) require the Calculation Agent to determine in its sole and absolute discretion the appropriate 
adjustment, if any, to be made to any of the relevant Conditions and/or the applicable Issue 
Terms to account for the Merger Event, Tender Offer, De-Listing, Material Underlying Event, 
Nationalization or Insolvency and determine the effective date of that adjustment. Such 
adjustment may have an adverse effect on the value and liquidity of the affected Fund Linked 
Notes; or 
(ii) redeem or cancel, as applicable, all of the Fund Linked Notes. In the event of such redemption 
or cancellation the amount payable to an investor may be less than the investor’s initial 
investment, and may be as low as zero. 
Risk factors applicable to Inflation Linked Notes as described in Condition 11 
(i) The measure of inflation to which the Notes are linked may be subject to significant 
fluctuations, movement in the level of the index may result in a reduction of the interest 
payable or the amount payable on settlement/redemption which could be less than the 
amount originally invested 
The Issuer may issue Notes where the amounts payable are dependent upon changes in measures 
of inflation. A relevant consumer price index or other formula linked to a measure of inflation to which 
the Notes are linked may be subject to significant fluctuations that may not correlate with other indices. 
Any movement in the level of the index may result in a reduction of the interest payable on the Notes, 
and in the case of Notes with a settlement/redemption amount linked to inflation, in a reduction of the 
amount payable on settlement/redemption which in some cases could be less than the amount 
originally invested. 
The timing of changes in the relevant consumer price index or other formula linked to the measure of 
inflation comprising the relevant index or indices may affect the actual yield to investors on the Inflation 
Linked Notes, even if the average level is consistent with their expectations. 
An index to which interest payments on an Inflation Linked Note and/or the redemption amount of an 
Inflation Linked Note are linked is only one measure of inflation for the relevant jurisdiction, and such 
index may not correlate perfectly with the rate of inflation experienced by Noteholders in such 
jurisdiction. 
(ii) The currency of the Reference Item(s) may be different than the currency of the 
Notes and there will be no adjustment to account for the exchange rate between the 
currencies (FX Quanto Risk)  
Notes may incorporate a “quanto” feature because the currency of the Reference Item(s) is different than 
the currency of the Notes. This feature means when calculating the return of the Notes, the performance 
of the Reference Item(s) in their base currency is not adjusted to account for the exchange rate between 
the currencies at such time. Investors should also be aware that movements in interest rates for deposits 
in such currencies will affect the valuation of a Note including this feature. This exposure to currency 
exchange fluctuations may come at a cost or benefit to the investor depending on how currency exchange 
rates move during the term of the Note. Currency exchange rates may be volatile and subject to 
unpredictable changes over the term of the Note. 
(iii) Exchange Rate Adjustment Risk  
Notes may incorporate an exchange rate adjustment feature because the currency of the Reference 
Item(s) is different than the currency of the Notes. This feature provides an adjustment for the effect of 
exchange rate fluctuations on the return of the Notes. Hence when calculating the return of the Notes, the 
performance of the Reference Item(s) in their base currency is adjusted to account for the exchange rate

--- Page 82 ---
79 
 
between the currencies at such time. Investors should also be aware that movements in interest rates for 
deposits in such currencies will affect the valuation of a Note including this feature. This exposure to 
currency exchange fluctuations may come at a cost or benefit to the Investor depending on how currency 
exchange rates move during the term of the Notes. Currency exchange rates may be volatile and subject 
to unpredictable changes over the term of the Note. 
(iv) Additional Disruption Events 
If Additional Disruption Events are specified as applying in the applicable Issue Terms, the Notes will 
be subject to adjustment or may be redeemed upon the occurrence of any of the Additional Disruption 
Events specified as applying in the applicable Issue Terms.  
Risk factors applicable to Exempt Notes that are Preference Share Linked Notes as 
described in Condition 12 
(i) If the performance of the Preference Shares is negative the value of the Preference 
Share Linked Notes will be adversely affected 
The Issuer may issue Exempt Notes (“Preference Share Linked Notes”) where the amounts payable 
are dependent upon the changes in the value of certain preference shares (the “Preference Shares”) 
issued by an issuer named in the applicable Pricing Supplement (the “Preference Share Issuer”) 
which may fluctuate up or down depending on the performance of the Preference Share Underlying 
(as that term is defined herein) as set out in the Terms of the Preference Shares (as that term is defined 
herein). If as a result of the performance of the Preference Share Underlying, the performance of the 
Preference Shares is negative the value of the Preference Share Linked Notes will be adversely 
affected. Purchasers of Preference Share Linked Notes risk losing all or a part of their investment if 
the value of the Preference Shares falls. 
(ii) The Preference Share Linked Notes may be redeemed early at an amount less that 
the investor's initial investment 
The Preference Share Issuer will be independent of, and not related to or controlled by, the Issuer.  As 
set out below, Preference Share Linked Notes will be subject to early redemption if an Extraordinary 
Event or, if applicable, an Additional Disruption Event occurs or if an Early Redemption Event occurs. 
In these circumstances the Issuer may redeem the Notes at the Early Redemption Amount. The Early 
Redemption Amount may be less (and in certain circumstances, significantly less) than investors’ initial 
investment. 
(iii) Investors are exposed to the Preference Share underlying the Notes 
The Preference Share Underlying may be a specified index or basket of indices, a specified equity or 
basket of equities, a specified currency or basket of currencies, a specified commodity or basket of 
commodities, a specified fund share or unit or basket of fund shares or units or such other underlying 
instruments, bases of reference or factors as may be determined by the Preference Share Issuer and 
specified in the relevant Terms of the Preference Shares. Consequently Potential Investors should 
also consider the risk factors set out on pages 59 to 81 in respect of the risks involved in investing in 
Notes linked to certain Reference Item(s) (in this case the Preference Shares). 
The Terms of the Preference Shares may provide that the Preference Shares will be redeemable on 
their final redemption date (or otherwise in accordance with the Terms of the Preference Shares). On 
redemption, the Preference Shares will carry preferred rights to receive an amount calculated by 
reference to the Preference Share Underlying. 
(iv) Credit and Fraud Risk of Preference Share Issuer 
Preference Share Linked Notes are linked to the performance of the relevant Preference Shares. 
Investors bear the risk of an investment in the Preference Share Issuer. The value of the Preference 
Share Linked Notes is dependent on the value of the Preference Shares, which will depend in part on 
the creditworthiness of the Preference Share Issuer, which may vary over the term of the Preference 
Share Linked Notes. The Preference Share Issuer may not be an operating company and may not

--- Page 83 ---
80 
 
have any trading assets or generate any significant net income. As its funds may be limited, any 
misappropriation of funds or other fraudulent action by the Preference Share Issuer or person acting 
on its behalf could have a significant effect on the value of the preference shares and will affect the 
value of the Preference Share Linked Notes. 
(v) Potential conflicts of interest 
Unless otherwise specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement, an affiliate of the Issuer will act as 
the Calculation Agent in respect of Preference Share Linked Notes. As a result of this relationship, 
potential conflicts of interest may arise. Subject to any relevant regulatory obligations, the Issuer and 
the Calculation Agent owe no duty or responsibility to any Noteholder to avoid any conflict or to act in 
the interests of any Noteholder.  
(vi) Determination of Extraordinary Events and Additional Disruption Events 
The Calculation Agent may determine the occurrence of a Merger Event, Tender Offer, Insolvency or 
Additional Disruption Event in relation to the Preference Share Linked Notes. Upon such determination, 
the Issuer may, at its option, redeem the Preference Share Linked Notes in whole at the Early 
Redemption Amount, which may be less than the amount invested in the Preference Share Linked 
Notes. Noteholders will not benefit from any appreciation of the Preference Shares that may occur 
following such redemption. 
(vii) No ownership rights 
An investment in Preference Share Linked Notes is not the same as an investment in the Preference 
Shares and does not confer any legal or beneficial interest in the Preference Shares or any Preference 
Share Underlying or any voting rights, right to receive dividends or other rights that a holder of the 
Preference Shares or any Preference Share Underlying may have.  
(viii) Hedging activities of the Issuer and affiliates 
The Issuer or its affiliates may carry out hedging activities related to the Preference Share Linked 
Notes, including purchasing the Preference Shares and/or purchasing or entering into contracts 
relating to the Preference Share Underlying, but will not be obliged to do so. Certain of the Issuer’s 
affiliates may also purchase and sell the Preference Shares and/or purchase and sell or enter into 
contracts relating to the Preference Share Underlying on a regular basis as part of their regular 
business. Any of these activities could adversely affect the value of the Preference Share Underlying 
and, accordingly, the value of the Preference Shares and the Preference Share Linked Notes.  See 
also “Potential conflicts of interest in relation to hedging and trading” above. 
 (ix) Noteholders may receive physical delivery of Preference Shares in lieu of payment 
of cash amounts 
Where the Preference Share Linked Notes include the right of the Issuer, subject to the fulfillment of a 
particular condition, to redeem the Preference Share Linked Notes at their maturity by delivering 
Preference Shares to the investor, the investors will receive such Preference Shares rather than a 
monetary amount upon maturity. Noteholders will, therefore, be exposed to the Preference Share 
Issuer and the risks associated with such Preference Shares. The investor should not assume that he 
or she will be able to sell such Preference Shares for a specific price after the redemption/settlement 
of the Notes, and in particular not for the purchase price of the Preference Share Linked Notes. Under 
certain circumstances the Preference Shares may only have a very low value or may, in fact, be 
worthless.  
Noteholders may also be subject to certain documentary or stamp taxes in relation to the delivery 
and/or disposal of such Preference Shares.  Noteholders may be subject to United Kingdom stamp 
duty reserve tax if (a) the Preference Shares are not shares of a body corporate, (b) they are shares 
of a body corporate but either (i) the body corporate is incorporated in the United Kingdom, (ii) the 
Preference Shares are registered in a register kept in the United Kingdom by or on behalf of the body 
corporate by which they are issued or raised or (iii) the Preference Shares are paired with shares of a

--- Page 84 ---
81 
 
body corporate incorporated in the United Kingdom, or (c) the Preference Shares are issued or raised 
by a UK Societas. 
Risk factors applicable to Notes which provide for Physical Delivery as described in 
Condition 14. 
 (i) It may be impossible or impracticable to deliver when due some or all of the Asset 
Amount(s) due to be delivered due to illiquidity in the relevant market 
Where the Notes provide for Physical Delivery, the Calculation Agent may determine that a Settlement 
Disruption Event is subsisting and/or where “Failure to Deliver due to Illiquidity” is specified as applying 
in the applicable Issue Terms, that it is impossible or impracticable to deliver when due some or all of 
the Asset Amount(s) due to be delivered due to illiquidity in the relevant market. A Settlement 
Disruption Event is an event beyond the control of the Issuer, as a result of which, in the opinion of the 
Calculation Agent, delivery of the specified Asset Amount(s) to be delivered by, or on behalf of, the 
Issuer in accordance with the Conditions and/or the applicable Issue Terms, is not practicable. Any 
such determination may affect the value of the Notes and/or may delay settlement in respect of the 
Notes and/or may lead to cash settlement rather than Physical Delivery in respect of the Notes.  
(ii) Expenses for Physical Delivery are for the account of Noteholders 
In the case of Notes which provide for Physical Delivery, all expenses arising from the delivery of the 
specified assets in respect of such Notes shall be for the account for the relevant Noteholders and no 
delivery of the Reference Item(s) shall be made until all expenses have been paid to the satisfaction 
of the Issuer and the relevant Noteholders. Physical Delivery may be delayed and this might affect the 
investor’s ability to deal with the underlying asset. 
(iii) Failure to deliver an Asset Transfer Notices may result in no return on the Notes  
In the case of Notes which provide for Physical Delivery, the investor must deliver a duly completed 
Asset Transfer Notice within 90 calendar days of the Cut-Off Date or the Issuer will be discharged in 
respect of its obligations under the Notes. Failure to deliver a notice may affect the return for the 
investor. 
(iv) The Issuer may have the right to vary settlement and deliver cash rather than 
physical delivery 
In the case of Notes which provide for Physical Delivery, if so indicated in the applicable Issue Terms, 
the Issuer has an option to vary settlement in respect of such Notes. If exercised by the Issuer, this 
option will lead to Physical Delivery Notes being cash settled or Cash Settled Notes being physically 
settled. Exercise of such option may adversely affect the value of the Notes. 
Additional Risks related to Notes to which the Belgian Securities Annex applies 
(i) Noteholders may receive a Monetisation Amount if they do not elect to receive the 
applicable Early Redemption Amount 
Where the applicable Issue Terms indicates the Belgian Securities Annex is applicable, such Issue 
Terms may specify that, in the event of an early redemption of the Notes, the Monetisation Option will 
apply. In that case, the notice of early redemption will specify the applicable Early Redemption Amount 
as well as the Monetisation Amount. Noteholders that do not elect to receive the Early Redemption 
Amount in accordance with the procedure set out in the notice of early redemption will not receive the 
Early Redemption Amount on the date fixed for redemption, but will receive the Monetisation Amount 
(on the original Maturity Date of the relevant Notes) and will not receive any interest or other amounts 
between the date fixed for redemption and the payment of the Monetisation Amount on the original 
Maturity Date.  
Prior to making an investment decision, prospective investors should consider carefully, in light of their 
own financial circumstances and investment objectives, (i) all the information set forth in this 
Prospectus and, in particular, the considerations set forth herein, (ii) all the information contained in

--- Page 85 ---
82 
 
the documents incorporated by reference into this Prospectus, and (iii) all the information set forth in 
the applicable Issue Terms. Prospective investors should make such enquiries as they deem 
necessary, including (without limitation) with their own financial, tax and legal advisers without relying 
on the Issuer or any Dealer.  
The amount paid by the Issuer on redemption of the Notes may be less than the nominal amount of 
the Notes, together with any accrued interest, and may in certain circumstances be zero. Where the 
Notes are redeemed by the Issuer by delivery of Reference Item(s) the value of the Reference Item(s) 
may be less than the nominal amount of the Notes, together with any accrued interest, and may in 
certain circumstances be zero. 
Certain Notes that may be issued under the Programme are complex financial instruments that are 
generally not purchased as stand-alone investments.  Such instruments may be purchased as a way 
to reduce risk or enhance yield with an understood, measured, appropriate addition of risk to an overall 
portfolio. A potential investor should not invest in Notes which are complex financial instruments unless 
it has the expertise (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) to evaluate how such Notes will 
perform under changing conditions, the resulting effects on the value of such Notes, the impact this 
investment will have on the potential investor’s overall investment portfolio and whether the potential 
investor can bear the loss of all or a part of its investment. 
5.  
Risks related to Notes generally 
Notes may be amended or the Issuer substituted for a subsidiary of the Issuer without the 
consent of Noteholders or with the consent of only some of the Noteholders binding all the 
Noteholders 
The Agency Agreement contains provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders to consider matters 
affecting their interests generally. These provisions permit defined numbers of Noteholders to bind all 
Noteholders (and to modify or waive certain terms and conditions of the Notes or covenants and 
agreements made by the Issuer) including Noteholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant 
meeting and Noteholders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority. In such circumstances 
Noteholders may be bound by modifications or waivers they do not agree to and that may negatively 
affect the returns on their Notes.   
The Conditions permit the substitution of any company that is a Subsidiary of the Issuer for the Issuer 
as principal debtor under the Notes, without the consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders, in 
certain circumstances, which may affect the market value of such Notes. 
The Conditions also provide that the Agency Agreement, the Notes and any Receipts and Coupons 
attached to the Notes may be amended by the Issuer and the Agent without the consent of the holder 
of any Note, Receipt or Coupon (i) for the purpose of curing any ambiguity, or for curing, correcting or 
supplementing any defective provision contained therein or to provide for substitution of the Issuer, (ii) 
to make any further modifications of the terms of the Agency Agreement necessary or desirable to 
allow for the issuance of any additional Notes (which modifications shall not be materially adverse to 
holders of  outstanding Notes), (iii) to give effect to the Benchmark Amendments in accordance with 
Condition 4(n), or (iv) in any manner which the Issuer and the Agent may deem necessary or desirable 
and which shall not materially adversely affect the interests of the holders of the Notes, Receipts and 
Coupons.  The Issuer shall only permit any modification of, or any waiver or authorization of any breach 
or proposed breach of or any failure to comply with, the Agency Agreement, the Notes and any 
Receipts and Coupons attached to the Notes, if to do so could not reasonably be expected to be 
prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders. 
In respect of Bail-inable Notes only, the Conditions provide that any amendment, modification, waiver 
or authorization that may affect the eligibility of the Bail-inable Notes to continue to be treated as TLAC 
under the TLAC Guideline shall require the prior approval of the Superintendent. 
In relation to Definitive N Registered Notes the Issuer may, without the consent of any holder, correct 
any manifest, clerical or calculation errors or similar manifest incorrectness in the Conditions and, 
provided the amendment or supplement is reasonably acceptable to a holder having regard to their 
interests, may amend or supplement at its reasonable discretion any contradictory or incomplete

--- Page 86 ---
83 
 
provisions of the Conditions.  The Issuer may also call the Definitive N Registered Notes for redemption 
in whole, but not in part, if the conditions for avoidance (Anfechtung) pursuant to §119 et seq. of the 
German Civil Code (broadly, mistake as to essential characteristics) are fulfilled. 
Canadian bank resolution powers confer substantial powers on Canadian authorities designed 
to enable them to take a range of actions in relation to the Issuer where a determination is made 
that the Issuer has ceased, or is about to cease, to be viable and such viability cannot be 
restored or preserved, which if taken could result in holders or beneficial owners of 
Noteholders being exposed to losses  
Under the CDIC Act, in circumstances where the Superintendent is of the opinion that the Issuer has 
ceased, or is about to cease, to be viable and viability cannot be restored or preserved by exercise of 
the Superintendent’s powers under the Bank Act, the Superintendent, after providing the Issuer with a 
reasonable opportunity to make representations, is required to provide a report to CDIC, Canada’s 
resolution authority. Following receipt of the Superintendent’s report, CDIC may request the Minister 
of Finance for Canada (the “Minister of Finance”) to recommend that the Governor in Council 
(Canada) make an Order (as defined below) and, if the Minister of Finance is of the opinion that it is in 
the public interest to do so, the Minister of Finance may recommend that the Governor in Council 
(Canada) make, and on such recommendation, the Governor in Council (Canada) may make, one or 
more of the following orders (each an “Order”): 
• 
vesting in CDIC, the shares and subordinated debt of the Issuer specified in the Order (a 
“Vesting Order”); 
• 
appointing CDIC as receiver in respect of the Issuer (a “Receivership Order”); 
• 
if a Receivership Order has been made, directing the Minister of Finance to incorporate a 
federal institution designated in the Order as a bridge institution wholly-owned by CDIC and 
specifying the date and time as of which the Issuer’s deposit liabilities are assumed (a “Bridge 
Bank Order”); or 
• 
if a Vesting Order or Receivership Order has been made, directing CDIC to carry out a 
conversion, by converting or causing the Issuer to convert, in whole or in part – by means of 
a transaction or series of transactions and in one or more steps – the shares and liabilities of 
the Issuer that are subject to the Bail-in Regime into common shares of the Issuer or any of 
its affiliates (a “Conversion Order”). 
Following a Vesting Order or a Receivership Order, CDIC will assume temporary control or ownership 
of the Issuer and will be granted broad powers under that Order, including the power to sell or dispose 
of all or a part of the assets of the Issuer, and the power to carry out or cause the Bank to carry out a 
transaction or a series of transactions the purpose of which is to restructure the business of the Issuer. 
Under a Bridge Bank Order, CDIC has the power to transfer the Issuer’s insured deposit liabilities and 
certain assets and other liabilities of the Issuer to a bridge institution.  Upon the exercise of that power, 
any assets and liabilities of the Issuer that are not transferred to the bridge institution would remain 
with the Issuer, which would then be wound up.  In such a scenario, any liabilities of the Issuer, 
including any outstanding Notes, that are not assumed by the bridge institution could receive only 
partial or no payment in the ensuing wind-up of the Issuer. 
If the CDIC were to take action under the Canadian bank resolution powers with respect to the Issuer, 
this could result in holders or beneficial owners of Notes being exposed to losses. 
Notes are Structurally Subordinated to the Liabilities of Subsidiaries  
If the Issuer becomes insolvent, its governing legislation provides that priorities among payments of 
its deposit liabilities and payments of all of its other liabilities (including payments in respect of Notes) 
are to be determined in accordance with the laws governing priorities and, where applicable, by the 
terms of the indebtedness and liabilities. Because the Issuer has subsidiaries, a Noteholder’s right to 
participate in any distribution of the assets of the Issuer’s banking or non-banking subsidiaries, upon 
a subsidiary’s dissolution, winding-up, liquidation or reorganisation or otherwise, and thus a

--- Page 87 ---
84 
 
Noteholder’s ability to benefit indirectly from such distribution, is subject to the prior claims of creditors 
of that subsidiary, except to the extent that the Issuer may be a creditor of that subsidiary and its claims 
are recognised. There are legal limitations on the extent to which some of the Issuer’s subsidiaries 
may extend credit, pay dividends or otherwise supply funds to, or engage in transactions with, the 
Issuer or some of the Issuer’s other subsidiaries. Accordingly, Notes will be structurally subordinated 
to all existing and future liabilities of the Issuer’s subsidiaries, and holders of Notes should look only to 
the assets of the Issuer and not those of its subsidiaries for payments on the Notes.  
Notes may be subject to write-off, write down or conversion under the resolution powers of 
authorities outside of Canada  
The Issuer has operations in a number of countries outside of Canada, including in particular the United 
States and the United Kingdom. In accordance with the Financial Stability Board’s “Key attributes of 
effective Resolution Regimes for Financial Institutions” dated October 15, 2014, local resolution 
authorities should have resolution powers over local branches of foreign firms and the capacity to use 
their powers either to support a resolution carried out  by a foreign home authority (for example, by 
ordering a transfer of property located in its jurisdiction to a bridge institution established by the foreign 
home authority) or, in exceptional cases, to take measures on its own initiative where the foreign home 
authority is not taking action or acts in a manner that does not take sufficient account of the need to 
preserve the local jurisdiction’s financial stability or where other relevant conditions are met.   
The UK has implemented such powers and, as such, they may apply to the Bank’s London branch. It 
is therefore possible that resolution authorities in countries where the Bank has branches or assets, 
including the United States and the United Kingdom, may adversely affect the rights of holders of the 
Notes (particularly those governed by local law where the Branch of Account specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms is in the relevant local jurisdiction), including by using any powers they may have to write 
down or convert the Notes.  For further information on the risks related to the use of resolution powers 
by authorities in the United Kingdom, please see “UK resolution risks applicable to the Notes” above. 
Change of Law 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes are based on the laws of the Province of Ontario and the 
federal laws of Canada applicable therein or (if the applicable Issue Terms indicates the Notes are 
governed by English law or German law), English law or German law respectively in effect as at the 
date of issue of the relevant Notes. No assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible judicial 
decision or change to the laws of the Province of Ontario or the federal laws of Canada applicable 
therein or English law or German law, as applicable, or administrative practice after the date of issue 
of the relevant Notes and such judicial decision or change to the laws may affect the enforceability of 
the Notes, time limits within which to bring claims or result in early redemption of the Notes. Upon an 
early redemption of the Notes an investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an 
effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only be able 
to do so at a significantly lower rate. 
Tax treatment 
The tax treatment of any amount to be paid to a Noteholder in relation to the Notes may reduce such 
Noteholder’s effective yield on such Notes. The tax legislation of the Noteholder's country of 
residence and of the Issuer’s country of incorporation may have an impact on the income 
received from the Notes. Tax treatment may change before the maturity or redemption of the Notes 
and may result in the Issuer exercising its right to redeem the notes prior to their stated maturity and 
the Noteholder receiving a lower return on the Notes.  
Significant aspects of the tax treatment of Reference Item Linked Notes may be uncertain.  In addition, 
tax treatment may change before the maturity or redemption of the Notes.  Prospective investors 
should consult their tax advisers about their own tax situation.    
Foreign Account Tax Compliance and Common Reporting Standard 
Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code and applicable regulations thereunder (commonly referred to 
as “FATCA”) may impose a 30 per cent. withholding tax on payments of U.S. source income to (i)

--- Page 88 ---
85 
 
certain non-U.S. financial institutions (“FFIs”) that do not enter into and comply with an agreement to 
provide the IRS information about their accountholders (as defined for purposes of FATCA), comply 
with rules or law implementing an intergovernmental agreement (“IGA”) between the United States 
and the non-U.S. financial institution’s jurisdiction implementing FATCA with respect to such 
jurisdiction or otherwise qualify for an exemption from, or are deemed to comply with, FATCA (an 
institution meeting such requirements, a “Compliant FFI”) and (ii) certain other non-U.S. entities 
(“NFFEs”) that do not provide payors information about their substantial U.S. holders or establish that 
they have no substantial U.S. holders.  Such withholding would not apply to Notes issued under the 
Programme prior to the date that is two years after the date on which final regulations defining foreign 
passthru payments are published in the U.S. Federal Register. 
The United States and a number of other jurisdictions have reached, agreed in substance to or 
announced their intention to negotiate IGAs to facilitate the implementation of FATCA with respect to 
FFIs in such jurisdictions.  Under the “Model 1” IGA released by the United States, an FFI in an IGA 
signatory country that complies with requirements under the IGA could be treated as a Reporting 
Financial Institution (“Reporting FI”) not subject to withholding under FATCA on any payments it 
receives. Further, a Reporting FI in a Model 1 IGA jurisdiction would not be required to withhold under 
FATCA or an IGA (or any law implementing an IGA) from payments it makes unless it has agreed to 
do so under the U.S. “qualified intermediary,” “withholding foreign partnership,” or “withholding foreign 
trust” regimes. Under the Model 1 IGA, a Reporting FI would still be required to report certain 
information in respect of its account holders and investors to its home government. The United States 
and Canada have entered into an agreement (the “US-Canada IGA”) based largely on the Model 1 
IGA and the Issuer is treated as a Reporting FI pursuant to the US-Canada IGA.  Noteholders may be 
required to provide certain information to the Issuer or other payors in order (i) for holders to avoid 
FATCA withholding from payments on the Notes, or (ii) for the Issuer to comply with the rules under 
FATCA or an applicable IGA (including laws implementing such an IGA).  If a holder (including an 
intermediary) fails to provide the Issuer, or any other agent of the Issuer with any correct, complete 
and accurate information that may be required for the Issuer to comply with FATCA and/or to prevent 
the imposition of FATCA withholding tax, the Issuer may withhold amounts otherwise distributable to 
the holder. 
The requirements of the US-Canada IGA have been implemented through amendments to the Income 
Tax Act (Canada) and the enactment of the Canada-United States Enhanced Tax Information 
Exchange Agreement Implementation Act (the “US-Canada IGA Implementation Act”).  Under the 
provisions of the US-Canada IGA Implementation Act, CIBC is required to determine whether financial 
accounts are held by U.S. persons and must report information on certain accounts owned or 
controlled by U.S. taxpayers, directly to the Canada Revenue Agency.  CIBC may be required to collect 
information from holders of Notes (other than Notes that are regularly traded on an established 
securities market for purposes of the IGA), including such holders’ status as a “Specified U.S. Persons” 
(as defined in the IGA) and report information regarding such holder’s investment in the Notes to the 
Canada Revenue Agency. For this purpose, a Note is not considered to be “regularly traded” if the 
holder (other than certain financial institutions acting as intermediary) is registered on the books of the 
Issuer. 
No additional amounts will be paid in respect of any U.S. tax withheld under the FATCA rules from 
payments on the Notes. Potential investors should consult their tax advisers regarding the implications 
of the FATCA rules for their investment in Notes, including the implications resulting from the status 
under these rules of each financial intermediary through which they hold Notes. 
While the Notes are in global form and held within Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or DTC 
(together, the “Clearing Systems”), in all but the most remote circumstances, it is not expected that 
FATCA will affect the amount of any payment received by the applicable Clearing System (see 
“Taxation – United States – United States Alien Holders – FATCA”). However, FATCA may affect 
payments made to custodians or intermediaries in the subsequent payment chain leading to the 
ultimate investor if any such custodian or intermediary generally is unable to receive payments free of 
FATCA withholding.  It also may affect payment to any ultimate investor that is a financial institution 
that is not entitled to receive payments free of withholding under FATCA, or an ultimate investor that 
fails to provide its broker (or other custodian or intermediary from which it receives payment) with any 
information, forms, other documentation or consents that may be necessary for the payments to be 
made free of FATCA withholding.  Investors should choose the custodians or intermediaries with care 
(to ensure each is compliant with FATCA or other laws or agreements related to FATCA), provide each

--- Page 89 ---
86 
 
custodian or intermediary with any information, forms, other documentation or consents that may be 
necessary for such custodian or intermediary to make a payment free of FATCA withholding. Investors 
should consult their own tax adviser to obtain a more detailed explanation of FATCA and how FATCA 
may affect them.  The Issuer’s obligations under the Notes are discharged once it has paid the 
depositary, common depositary or common safekeeper for the relevant Clearing System(s) (as bearer 
or registered holder of the Notes) and the Issuer has therefore no responsibility for any amount 
thereafter transmitted through hands of the relevant Clearing Systems and custodians or 
intermediaries. Potential investors should refer to the section “Taxation – United States – United States 
Alien Holders – FATCA”. 
No additional amounts will be paid in respect of any U.S. tax withheld under the FATCA rules from 
payments on the Notes. Potential investors should consult their tax advisers regarding the implications 
of the FATCA rules for their investment in Notes, including the implications resulting from the status 
under these rules of each financial intermediary through which they hold Notes. 
Similar to FATCA, under the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development’s (“OECD”) 
initiative for the automatic exchange of information, many countries have committed to automatic 
exchange of information relating to accounts held by tax residents of signatory countries, using a 
common reporting standard.   
Canada is one of over 90 countries that has signed the OECD’s Multilateral Competent Authority 
Agreement and Common Reporting Standard (“CRS”), which provides for the implementation of the 
automatic exchange of tax information. The CRS requires Canadian financial institutions (and their 
branches in other jurisdictions) to report certain information concerning certain investors resident in 
participating countries to the Canada Revenue Agency (or the relevant tax authority in the branch’s 
jurisdiction) and to follow certain due diligence procedures.  The Canada Revenue Agency (or other 
relevant tax authority) will then provide such information on a bilateral, reciprocal basis to the tax 
authorities in the applicable investors’ countries of residence, where such countries have enacted the 
CRS or otherwise as required under CRS.  The Issuer will meet all obligations imposed under the CRS 
in accordance with local law in all applicable jurisdictions in which it operates.   
Investors in Bearer Notes who hold less than the minimum Specified Denomination (including 
after a partial Bail-in Conversion or any other resolution action) may be unable to sell their 
Bearer Notes and may be adversely affected if definitive Bearer Notes are subsequently to be 
issued 
In relation to any issue of Bearer Notes that has a specified denomination consisting of the minimum 
Specified Denomination plus a higher integral multiple of another smaller amount, it is possible that 
the Bearer Notes may be traded in the clearing systems in amounts in excess of the minimum Specified 
Denomination that are not integral multiples of such minimum Specified Denomination.  In addition, in 
the case of a partial Bail-in Conversion of Bail-inable Notes or any resolution action in respect of Notes 
generally, a holder may as a result of such partial Bail-in Conversion and any other resolution action 
end up with an amount that is less than a Specified Denomination.  In such a case, (i) a Noteholder 
that holds an amount which is less than the minimum Specified Denomination in its account with the 
relevant clearing system would not be able to sell the remainder of such holding without first purchasing 
a principal amount of Bearer Notes at or in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination such that 
its holding amounts to a Specified Denomination, (ii) should Definitive Notes be required to be issued, 
a Noteholder who holds Notes in the relevant clearing system(s) in amounts that are not integral 
multiples of a Specified Denomination may need to purchase or sell, on or before the relevant 
Exchange Date, a nominal amount of Notes such that such Noteholder’s holding is an integral multiple 
of a Specified Denomination and (iii) a Noteholder who does not have at least the minimum Specified 
Denomination in its account with the relevant clearing system(s) at the relevant time will not be able to 
exercise any direct rights in respect of such Notes under the Deed of Covenant against the Issuer. 
If Definitive Notes are issued, holders should be aware that Definitive Notes which have a 
denomination that is not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination may be illiquid 
and difficult to trade.

--- Page 90 ---
87 
 
Credit ratings may not reflect all risks 
The ratings assigned to the Notes address, with respect to Fitch, an opinion on the relative ability of 
an entity to meet financial commitments, such as interest and repayment of principal.  With respect to 
Moody's, the ratings assigned to the Notes address the relative risk that an entity may not meet its 
contractual financial obligations as they come due and any estimated financial loss in the event of 
default or impairment.  With respect to S&P, credit ratings address the creditworthiness of an entity to 
assist investors to form a view on and compare the relative likelihood of whether an issuer may repay its 
debts on time and in full and with respect to DBRS, credit ratings address the creditworthiness of an entity 
or security . 
The expected ratings of a tranche of Notes will be set out in the applicable Issue Terms.  Any ratings 
agency may lower its rating or withdraw its rating or place the rating on negative watch if, in the sole 
judgement of the rating agency, the credit quality of the Notes or the Issuer has declined or is in 
question.  If any rating assigned to the Notes or the Issuer is lowered, withdrawn or placed on negative 
watch, the market value of the Notes may be reduced.  The ratings assigned to the Issuer or the Notes 
may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to the Issuer or to structure, market, additional 
factors discussed above, and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes. A credit rating is not 
a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised, suspended or withdrawn by the 
rating agency at any time. 
Risks relating to insolvency procedures 
In the event that the Issuer becomes insolvent, insolvency proceedings will be generally governed by 
the insolvency laws of Canada.  The insolvency laws of Canada may be different from the insolvency 
laws of an investor’s home jurisdiction and the treatment and ranking of holders of Notes issued by the 
Issuer and the Issuer’s other creditors and shareholders under the insolvency laws of Canada may be 
different from the treatment and ranking of holders of those Notes and the Issuer’s other creditors and 
shareholders if the Issuer was subject to the insolvency laws of the investor’s home jurisdiction. 
Notes issued by the Issuer do not evidence or constitute deposits that are insured under the CDIC Act. 
The return on an investment in Notes will be affected by charges incurred by investors 
An investor’s total return on an investment in Notes will be affected by the level of fees charged to the 
investor, including fees charged to the investor as a result of the Notes being held in a clearing system.  
Such fees may include charges for opening accounts, transfers of securities, custody services and 
fees for payment of principal, interest or other sums due under the terms of the Notes.  Investors should 
carefully investigate these fees before making their investment decision.  
Risks related to additional issuances of Notes 
The Issuer may issue additional Notes with terms identical to those of a series of outstanding notes.  
These additional Notes, even if they are treated for non-tax purposes as part of the same series as the 
original Notes, may be treated as a separate series for Canadian income tax purposes and, in some 
cases may be treated as a separate series for U.S. federal income tax purposes.  If the additional 
Notes are issued with original issue discount for U.S. federal income tax purposes where the original 
Notes had no original issue discount for U.S. federal income tax purposes, or the additional Notes 
have a greater amount of original issue discount for U.S. federal income tax purposes than the original 
Notes, these differences may affect the market value of the original Notes if the additional Notes are 
not otherwise distinguishable from the original Notes.  
Risks to market value of Notes 
The market value of an issue of Notes will be affected by a number of factors independent of the 
creditworthiness of the Issuer, including, but not limited to: 
(i) 
the value and volatility of the Reference Item(s);

--- Page 91 ---
88 
 
(ii) 
where the Reference Item(s) is/are equity securities, the dividend rate on the 
Reference Item(s) and the financial results and prospects of the issuer of each 
Reference Item; 
(iii) 
market interest and yield rates; 
(iv) 
fluctuations in exchange rates; 
(v) 
liquidity of the Notes or any Reference Item(s) in the secondary market; 
(vi) 
the time remaining to any redemption date or the maturity date; and 
(vii) 
economic, financial and political events in one or more jurisdictions, including factors 
affecting capital markets generally and the stock exchange(s) on which any Reference 
Item(s) may be traded. 
Any of these factors may negatively affect the market value of the Notes or result in a Noteholder 
receiving a lower return on the Notes. The price at which a Noteholder will be able to sell any Notes 
prior to maturity may be at a discount, which could be substantial, to the market value of such Notes 
on the issue date, if, at such time, the market price of the Reference Item(s) is below, equal to or not 
sufficiently above the market price of the Reference Item(s) on the issue date. The historical market 
prices of any Reference Item should not be taken as an indication of such Reference Item’s future 
performance during the term of any Note.  
6. 
Other factors which are material for the purposes of assessing the market risks 
involved in an investment in the Notes 
Risks relating to the secondary market generally; lack of liquidity 
Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. If a market 
does develop, it may not be liquid.  Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Notes easily or 
at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed 
secondary market.  This is particularly the case for Notes that are especially sensitive to interest rate, 
currency or market risks, are designed for specific investment objectives or strategies or have been 
structured to meet the investment requirements of limited categories of investors or are not admitted 
to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange or the Euro MTF or another 
established securities exchange.  These types of Notes generally would have a more limited secondary 
market and more price volatility than conventional debt securities.  Illiquidity may have a severely 
adverse effect on the market value of Notes and investors may suffer losses on the Notes in secondary 
market transactions even if there is no decline in the performance of the Issuer.  
Exchange rate risks and exchange controls 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency. This presents certain 
risks relating to currency conversions if an investor’s financial activities are denominated principally in 
a currency or currency unit (the “Investor’s Currency”) other than the Specified Currency. These 
include the risk that exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation 
of the Specified Currency or revaluation of the Investor’s Currency) and the risk that authorities with 
jurisdiction over the Specified Currency or the Investor’s Currency may impose or modify exchange 
controls. An appreciation in the value of the Investor’s Currency relative to the Specified Currency 
would decrease (1) the Investor’s Currency-equivalent yield on the Notes, (2) the Investor’s Currency-
equivalent value of the principal payable on the Notes and (3) the Investor’s Currency-equivalent 
market value of the Notes. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls 
or monetary policies that could adversely affect an applicable currency exchange rate or interest rate. 
As a result, investors may receive less interest or principal than expected, or no interest or principal or 
receive payments in a significantly devalued Specified Currency.

--- Page 92 ---
89 
 
Credit ratings may not reflect all risks 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to an issue of Notes. The 
ratings may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to the Issuer or to structure, market, 
additional factors discussed above, and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes. A credit 
rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised or withdrawn by the 
rating agency at any time. 
In general, European and UK regulated investors are restricted under the CRA Regulations from using 
credit ratings for regulatory purposes, unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating agency 
established in the EU or the UK and registered under the applicable CRA Regulation (and such 
registration has not been withdrawn or suspended) subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain 
circumstances whilst the registration application is pending. Such general restriction will also apply in 
the case of credit ratings issued by non EU and non UK credit rating agencies, unless the relevant 
credit ratings are endorsed by an EU or UK registered credit rating agency or the relevant non EU or 
non UK rating agency is certified in accordance with the applicable CRA Regulation (and such 
endorsement action or certification, as the case may be, has not been withdrawn or suspended). 
The return on an investment in Notes will be affected by charges incurred by investors 
An investor’s total return on an investment in Notes will be affected by the level of fees charged to the 
investor, including fees charged to the investor as a result of the Notes being held in a clearing system.  
Such fees may include charges for opening accounts, transfers of securities, custody services and 
fees for payment of principal, interest or other sums due under the terms of the Notes.  Investors should 
carefully investigate these fees before making their investment decision.  
Investment activities of certain investors are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, 
or review or regulation by certain authorities 
The investment activities of certain investors are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or 
review or regulation by certain authorities. Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to 
determine whether and to what extent (i) Notes are legal investments for it, (ii) Notes can be used as 
collateral for various types of borrowing and (iii) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of 
any Notes. Financial institutions should consult their legal advisers or the appropriate regulators to 
determine the appropriate treatment of Notes under any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules. 
Additional issuances of Notes may affect the market value of the Notes 
The Issuer may issue additional Notes with terms identical to those of a series of outstanding notes.  
These additional Notes, even if they are treated for non-tax purposes as part of the same series as the 
original Notes, may be treated as a separate series for Canadian income tax purposes and, in some 
cases may be treated as a separate series for U.S. federal income tax purposes.  If the additional 
Notes are issued with original issue discount for U.S. federal income tax purposes where the original 
Notes had no original issue discount for U.S. federal income tax purposes, or the additional Notes 
have a greater amount of original issue discount for U.S. federal income tax purposes than the original 
Notes, these differences may affect the market value of the original Notes if the additional Notes are 
not otherwise distinguishable from the original Notes.  
No obligation to maintain listing  
Notes may be listed on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and the Issuer may, 
in certain circumstances, seek to delist Notes which are listed on the regulated market of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange or another securities exchange or market provided that in such cases 
the Issuer will be required to use its reasonable endeavours to obtain and maintain a listing of such 
Notes on an alternative stock exchange or exchanges (which may be outside the European Union) as 
it may reasonably determine and the Issuer shall notify the relevant Dealers of any such change of 
listing. These circumstances include any future law, rule of the Exchange or any other securities 
exchange or any EU Directive imposing other requirements (including new corporate governance 
requirements) on the Issuer or any of its affiliates that the Issuer in good faith determines are

--- Page 93 ---
90 
 
impractical or unduly burdensome in order to maintain the continued listing of any Notes issued under 
the Programme on the Exchange or the relevant exchange.  
In these circumstances, the Issuer may, in its sole discretion, determine that it is impractical or unduly 
burdensome to maintain such listing and seek to terminate the listing of such Notes provided it uses 
all reasonable endeavours to seek an alternative admission to listing, trading and/or quotation of such 
Notes by another listing authority, securities exchange and/or quotation system that it deems 
appropriate (see the section entitled "General Description of the Programme" on page 16 of this 
Prospectus for further details regarding listings). However, if such alternative listing is not available or, 
in the opinion of the Issuer is impractical or unduly burdensome, an alternative listing may not be 
obtained. 
Although there is no assurance as to the liquidity of any Notes as a result of the listing on a regulated 
market in the European Union, delisting such Notes may have a material effect on the ability of 
investors to (a) continue to hold such Notes or (b) resell the Notes in the secondary market.

--- Page 94 ---
91 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
1) The following documents, each of which has been previously published or is simultaneously 
published and filed with the CSSF and the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, shall be incorporated in, 
and form part of, the Prospectus: 
(a) CIBC’s Annual Information Form dated 1 December 2021 (the “2021 Annual Information Form”), 
which can be found at 2021 CIBC Annual Information Form, including the information identified in the 
following cross-reference list:  
Information 
Page numbers refer to the 2021 Annual 
Information Form 
Description of the business 
3-4 
Capital Structure 
5-8 
Audit Committee 
11 
Any information in the 2021 Annual Information Form that is not listed in the cross-reference list is not 
incorporated by reference in the Prospectus.  Such information is either not relevant for prospective 
investors or is covered elsewhere in the Prospectus.   
(b) The sections of CIBC’s Annual Report for the year ended 31 October 2021 (the “2021 Annual 
Report”), which can be found at Annual Report 2021 (cibc.com), identified in the following cross-
reference list, which includes among other things CIBC’s audited consolidated balance sheets as at 
31 October 2021 and 2020 and the consolidated statement of income, comprehensive income, 
changes in equity and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended 31 October 
2021, prepared in accordance with IFRS, together with the notes thereto and the independent auditor’s 
report thereon:  
Information 
Page 
numbers 
refer 
to 
the 
2021 Annual Report 
Message from the Chair of the Board 
ix 
Management’s Discussion and Analysis 
1-106 
Strategic business units overview 
18-30 
Funding 
76 
Management of risk 
43-82 
Consolidated Financial Statements, including: 
107-112  and 117-197 
Financial reporting responsibility 
108 
Independent 
auditor’s 
report 
to 
the 
 
shareholders and directors of CIBC 
109-112 
Consolidated balance sheet 
117 
Consolidated statement of income 
118 
Consolidated statement of comprehensive income 
119 
Consolidated statement of changes in equity 
120 
Consolidated statement of cash  flows 
121

--- Page 95 ---
92 
 
Information 
Page 
numbers 
refer 
to 
the 
2021 Annual Report 
Notes 
to 
the 
consolidated 
financial 
 
statements, including: 
122-197 
Common and preferred shares and other equity 
instruments  
Note 16, pages 169-173 
Contingent liabilities and provisions 
Note 23, pages 185-188 
Significant subsidiaries 
Note 27, page 192 
Any information in the 2021 Annual Report that is not listed in the cross-reference list is not 
incorporated by reference in the Prospectus.  Such information is either not relevant for prospective 
investors or is covered elsewhere in the Prospectus.   
(c) the sections of CIBC’s First Quarter 2022 Report to Shareholders (the “First Quarter Report”) 
which can be found at Report to Shareholders for the First Quarter, 2022 (cibc.com) identified in the 
following cross-reference list, which includes, among other things, the comparative unaudited interim 
consolidated financial statements for the three month period ended 31 January 2022 with comparative 
unaudited interim consolidated financial statements for the three month period ended 31 January 2021 
prepared in accordance with International Accounting Standard (IAS) 34 “Interim Financial Reporting”:  
Information 
Page numbers refer to the First Quarter 
Report  
Management’s discussion and analysis, 
including: 
1 - 47 
 
Funding 
37 
Comparative unaudited interim consolidated 
financial statements 
48 - 69 
Consolidated balance sheet 
49 
Consolidated statement of income 
50 
Consolidated 
statement 
of 
comprehensive income 
51 
Consolidated statement of changes 
in equity 
52 
Consolidated statement of cash 
flows 
53 
Notes to the unaudited interim 
consolidated financial statements, 
including: 
54 – 69 
 
Note 12 – Contingent liabilities 
and provisions 
67 
Any information in the First Quarter Report that is not listed in the cross-reference list is not 
incorporated by reference in the Prospectus.  Such information is either not relevant for prospective 
investors or is covered elsewhere in the Prospectus.

--- Page 96 ---
93 
 
(d) The following section of the Issuer’s Prospectus for the Programme dated 7 May 2021 found at 
Luxembourg Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier Filing - Prospectus Dated May 7, 2021 
(cibc.com): 
Information 
Page numbers 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
95-261 
Any information contained in the Issuer’s Prospectus for the Programme dated 7 May 2021 that is not 
listed in the cross reference list is not incorporated by reference in this Prospectus. Such information 
is either not relevant for prospective investors or is covered elsewhere in this Prospectus. 
Any statement contained herein or in a document all or the relevant portion of which is incorporated 
by reference herein shall be modified or superseded for the purpose of this Prospectus to the extent 
that a subsequent statement contained herein, in the documents incorporated by reference herein or 
in any Supplement hereto (including a statement deemed to be incorporated herein or in any such 
Supplement) modifies or supersedes such earlier statement (whether expressly, by implication or 
otherwise).  Any statement so modified or superseded shall not, except as so modified or superseded, 
constitute a part of this Prospectus.   
Information and/or documents incorporated by reference in any document incorporated by reference 
herein shall not form part of this Prospectus.   
In accordance with Article 4.1 of the CRA Regulation, please note that the following documents 
incorporated by reference contain references to credit ratings:  
(a) the 2021 Annual Information Form (pages 7, 13 and 14); and 
(b) the 2021 Annual Report (page 77). 
Copies of this Prospectus and documents incorporated by reference in this Prospectus (i) can be 
viewed on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange at http://www.bourse.lu under the name of 
the Issuer and (ii) can be viewed on the Issuer's website at www.cibc.com/en/about-cibc/investor-
relations/debt-information and (iii) obtained on written request and without charge from CIBC at the 
registered office of CIBC at 81 Bay Street, CIBC Square, Toronto, Ontario, Canada M5J 0E7, Attention: 
Investor Relations.   
In addition, representatives of the Provincial and Territorial securities regulatory authorities of Canada 
have engaged a service provider to operate an Internet web site through which all of the documents 
incorporated herein by reference that CIBC files electronically can be retrieved.  The address of the 
site is www.sedar.com.   
Please note that information on the websites or URL's referred to herein does not form part of this 
Prospectus unless the information has been incorporated by reference into this Prospectus.

--- Page 97 ---
94 
 
CANADIAN BANK RESOLUTION POWERS  
Under Canadian bank resolution powers, the CDIC may, in circumstances where the Issuer has 
ceased, or is about to cease, to be viable, assume temporary control or ownership of the Issuer and 
may be granted broad powers by one or more Orders, including the power to sell or dispose of all or a 
part of the assets of the Issuer, and the power to carry out or cause the Issuer to carry out a transaction 
or a series of transactions the purpose of which is to restructure the business of the Issuer. As part of 
the Canadian bank resolution powers, certain provisions of, and regulations under, the bail-in regime 
provide for a bank recapitalization regime for banks designated by the Superintendent as D-SIBs, 
which include the Issuer.  
The expressed objectives of the bail-in regime include reducing government and taxpayer exposure in 
the unlikely event of a failure of a D-SIB, reducing the likelihood of such a failure by increasing market 
discipline and reinforcing that bank shareholders and creditors are responsible for the D-SIBs’ risks 
and not taxpayers, and preserving financial stability by empowering the CDIC to quickly restore a failed 
D-SIB to viability and allow it to remain open and operating, even where the D-SIB has experienced 
severe losses. 
Under the CDIC Act, in circumstances where the Superintendent is of the opinion that the Issuer has 
ceased, or is about to cease, to be viable and viability cannot be restored or preserved by exercise of 
the Superintendent’s powers under the Bank Act, the Superintendent, after providing the Issuer with a 
reasonable opportunity to make representations, is required to provide a report to CDIC. Following 
receipt of the Superintendent’s report, CDIC may request the Minister of Finance for Canada (the 
“Minister of Finance”) to recommend that the Governor in Council (Canada) make an Order and, if 
the Minister of Finance is of the opinion that it is in the public interest to do so, the Minister of Finance 
may recommend that the Governor in Council (Canada) make, and on that recommendation, the 
Governor in Council (Canada) may make, one or more of the following Orders: 
• 
vesting in CDIC, the shares and subordinated debt of the Issuer specified in the Order (a 
“vesting order”); 
• 
appointing CDIC as receiver in respect of the Issuer (a “receivership order”); 
• 
if a receivership order has been made, directing the Minister of Finance to incorporate a 
federal institution designated in the Order as a bridge institution wholly owned by CDIC and 
specifying the date and time as of which the Issuer’s deposit liabilities are assumed (“bridge 
bank order”); or 
• 
if a vesting order or receivership order has been made, directing CDIC to carry out a 
conversion, by converting or causing the Issuer to convert, in whole or in part – by means of 
a transaction or series of transactions and in one or more steps – the shares and liabilities of 
the Issuer that are subject to the bail-in regime into common shares of the Issuer or any of its 
affiliates (a “conversion order”). 
Following a vesting order or receivership order, CDIC will assume temporary control or ownership of 
the Issuer and will be granted broad powers under that Order, including the power to sell or dispose 
of all or a part of the assets of the Issuer, and the power to carry out or cause the Issuer to carry out a 
transaction or a series of transactions the purpose of which is to restructure the business of the Issuer. 
Under a bridge bank order, CDIC has the power to transfer the Issuer’s insured deposit liabilities and 
certain assets and other liabilities of the Issuer to a bridge institution. Upon the exercise of that power, 
any assets and liabilities of the Issuer that are not transferred to the bridge institution would remain 
with the Issuer, which would then be wound up. In such a scenario, any liabilities of the Issuer, including 
any outstanding notes (whether or not such notes are Bail-inable Notes), that are not assumed by the 
bridge institution could receive only partial or no repayment in the ensuing wind-up of the Issuer. 
Upon the making of a conversion order, prescribed shares and liabilities under the bail-in regime that 
are subject to that conversion order will, to the extent converted, be converted into common shares of 
the Issuer or any of its affiliates, as determined by CDIC. Subject to certain exceptions discussed 
below, senior debt issued on or after September 23, 2018, with an initial or amended term to maturity 
(including explicit or embedded options) greater than 400 days, that is unsecured or partially secured 
and that has been assigned a CUSIP or ISIN or similar identification number are subject to a bail-in

--- Page 98 ---
95 
 
conversion. Shares, other than common shares, and subordinated debt of the Issuer are also subject 
to a bail-in conversion, unless they are non-viability contingent capital. 
Covered bonds, certain derivatives and certain structured notes (as such term is used under the bail-
in regime) are expressly excluded from a bail-in conversion. To the extent that any notes constitute 
structured notes (as such term is used under the bail-in regime) they will not be Bail-inable Notes. As 
a result, claims of some creditors whose claims would otherwise rank equally with those of the holders 
holding Bail-inable Notes would be excluded from a bail-in conversion and thus the holders and 
beneficial owners of Bail-inable Notes will have to absorb losses ahead of these other creditors as a 
result of the bail-in conversion. The terms and conditions of the bail-in conversion will be determined 
by CDIC in accordance with and subject to certain requirements discussed below. 
Bail-in Conversion 
Under the bail-in regime there is no fixed and pre-determined contractual conversion ratio for the 
conversion of the Bail-inable Notes, or other shares or liabilities of the Issuer that are subject to a bail-
in conversion, into common shares of the Issuer or any of its affiliates nor are there specific 
requirements regarding whether liabilities subject to a bail-in conversion are converted into common 
shares of the Issuer or any of its affiliates. CDIC determines the timing of the bail-in conversion, the 
portion of bail-inable shares and liabilities to be converted and the terms and conditions of the 
conversion, subject to parameters set out in the bail-in regime. Those parameters include that:  
• 
in carrying out a bail-in conversion, CDIC must take into consideration the requirement in the 
Bank Act for banks to maintain adequate capital; 
• 
CDIC must use its best efforts to ensure that shares and liabilities subject to a bail-in 
conversion are only converted after all subordinate ranking shares and liabilities that are 
subject to a bail-in conversion and any subordinate non-viability contingent capital 
instruments have been previously converted or are converted; 
• 
CDIC must use its best efforts to ensure that the converted part of the liquidation entitlement 
of a share subject to a bail-in conversion, or the converted part of the principal amount and 
accrued and unpaid interest of a liability subject to a bail-in conversion, is converted on a pro 
rata basis for all shares or liabilities subject to a bail-in conversion of equal rank that are 
converted during the same restructuring period; 
• 
holders of shares and liabilities that are subject to a bail-in conversion must receive a greater 
number of common shares per dollar of the converted part of the liquidation entitlement of 
their shares, or the converted part of the principal amount and accrued and unpaid interest of 
their liabilities, than holders of any subordinate shares or liabilities subject to a bail-in 
conversion that are converted during the same restructuring period or of any subordinate 
non-viability contingent capital that is converted during the same restructuring period; 
• 
holders of shares or liabilities subject to a bail-in conversion of equal rank that are converted 
during the same restructuring period must receive the same number of common shares per 
dollar of the converted part of the liquidation entitlement of their shares or the converted part 
of the principal amount and accrued and unpaid interest of their liabilities; and 
• 
holders of shares or liabilities subject to a bail-in conversion must receive, if any non-viability 
contingent capital of equal rank to the shares or liabilities is converted during the same 
restructuring period, a number of common shares per dollar of the converted part of the 
liquidation entitlement of their shares, or the converted part of the principal amount and 
accrued and unpaid interest of their liabilities, that is equal to the largest number of common 
shares received by any holder of the non-viability contingent capital per dollar of that capital. 
Compensation Regime 
The CDIC Act provides for a compensation process for holders of Bail-inable Notes who immediately 
prior to the making of an Order, directly or through an intermediary, own Bail-inable Notes that are 
converted in a bail-in conversion. While this process applies to successors of those holders it does not

--- Page 99 ---
96 
 
apply to assignees or transferees of the holder following the making of the Order and does not apply 
if the amounts owing under the relevant Bail-inable Notes are paid in full. 
Under the compensation process, the compensation to which such holders are entitled is the 
difference, to the extent it is positive, between the estimated liquidation value and the estimated 
resolution value of the relevant Bail-inable Notes. The liquidation value is the estimated value the Bail-
inable Noteholders would have received if an order under the Winding-up and Restructuring Act 
(Canada) had been made in respect of the Issuer, as if no Order had been made and without taking 
into consideration any assistance, financial or otherwise, that is or may be provided to the Issuer, 
directly or indirectly, by CDIC, the Bank of Canada, the Government of Canada or a province of 
Canada, after any order to wind up the Issuer has been made.  
The resolution value in respect of relevant Bail-inable Notes is the aggregate estimated value of the 
following: (a) the relevant Bail-inable Notes, if they are not held by CDIC and they are not converted, 
after the making of an Order, into common shares under a bail-in conversion; (b) common shares that 
are the result of a bail-in conversion after the making of an Order; (c) any dividend or interest payments 
made, after the making of the Order, with respect to the relevant Bail-inable Notes to any person other 
than CDIC; and (d) any other cash, securities or other rights or interests that are received or to be 
received with respect to the relevant Bail-inable Notes as a direct or indirect result of the making of the 
Order and any actions taken in furtherance of the Order, including from CDIC, the Issuer, the liquidator 
of the Issuer, if the Issuer is wound up, the liquidator of a CDIC subsidiary incorporated or acquired by 
order of the Governor in Council for the purposes of facilitating the acquisition, management or 
disposal of real property or other assets of the Issuer that CDIC may acquire as the result of its 
operations that is liquidated or the liquidator of a bridge institution if the bridge institution is wound up. 
In connection with the compensation process, CDIC is required to estimate the liquidation value and 
the resolution value in respect of the portion of converted Bail-inable Notes and is required to consider 
the difference between the estimated day on which the liquidation value would be received and the 
estimated day on which the resolution value is, or would be, received.  
CDIC must, within a reasonable period following a bail-in conversion, make an offer of compensation 
by notice to the relevant holders that held Bail-inable Notes equal to, or in value estimated to be equal 
to, the amount of compensation to which such holders are entitled or provide a notice stating that such 
holders are not entitled to any compensation. In either case such offer or notice is required to include 
certain prescribed information, including important information regarding the rights of such holders to 
seek to object and have the compensation to which they are entitled determined by an assessor (a 
Canadian Federal Court judge) where holders of liabilities representing at least 10% of the principal 
amount and accrued and unpaid interest of the liabilities of the same class object to the offer or 
absence of compensation. The period for objecting is limited (45 days following the day on which a 
summary of the notice is published in the Canada Gazette) and failure by holders holding a sufficient 
principal amount plus accrued and unpaid interest of affected Bail-inable Notes to object within the 
prescribed period will result in the loss of any ability to object to the offered compensation or absence 
of compensation, as applicable. CDIC will pay the relevant holders the offered compensation within 
135 days after the date on which a summary of the notice is published in the Canada Gazette if the 
offer of compensation is accepted by the holder, the holder does not notify CDIC of acceptance or 
objection to the offer within the aforementioned 45-day period or if the holder objects to the offer but 
the 10% threshold described above is not met within the aforementioned 45-day period.  
Where an assessor is appointed, the assessor could determine a different amount of compensation 
payable, which could either be higher or lower than the original amount. The assessor is required to 
provide holders, whose compensation it determines, notice of its determination. The assessor’s 
determination is final and there are no further opportunities for review or appeal. CDIC will pay the 
relevant holders the compensation amount determined by the assessor within 90 days of the 
assessor’s notice. 
By its acquisition of an interest in any Bail-inable Note, each holder or beneficial owner of that note is 
deemed to be bound by a bail-in conversion and so will have no further rights in respect of its Bail-
inable Notes to the extent those Bail-inable Notes are converted in a bail-in conversion, other than 
those provided under the bail-in regime. 
A similar compensation process to the one set out above applies, in certain circumstances, where as 
a result of CDIC’s exercise of bank resolution powers, notes are assigned to an entity which is then 
wound-up.

--- Page 100 ---
97 
 
TLAC Guideline 
In connection with the bail-in regime, the TLAC Guideline applies to and establishes standards for D-
SIBs, including the Issuer. Under the TLAC Guideline, beginning November 1, 2021, the Issuer is 
required to maintain a minimum capacity to absorb losses composed of unsecured external long-term 
debt that meets the prescribed criteria or regulatory capital instruments to support recapitalization in 
the event of a failure. Bail-inable Notes and regulatory capital instruments that meet the prescribed 
criteria will constitute TLAC of the Issuer.  
On August 21, 2018, the Superintendent issued an order requiring D-SIBs to maintain a minimum of 
21.5% of TLAC-eligible instruments (the sum of a D-SIB’s TLAC, subject to certain adjustments, 
including Tier 1 capital, Tier 2 capital, and prescribed shares and liabilities that are subject to 
conversion into common shares and meet the eligibility criteria set out in OSFI’s TLAC guideline) 
relative to their RWAs plus a supervisory buffer and 6.75% relative to their leverage exposures. 
Liabilities that count towards TLAC must be bail-in eligible and have a residual maturity greater than 
365 days, among other requirements. D-SIBs have until the first quarter of 2022 to meet the minimum 
TLAC requirements. Starting first quarter of 2019, D-SIBs began disclosing their TLAC ratios and main 
features of their TLAC instruments 
In order to comply with the TLAC Guideline, the terms and conditions for the Bail-inable Notes have 
provisions necessary to meet the prescribed criteria and qualify at their issuance as TLAC instruments 
of the Issuer under the TLAC Guideline. Those criteria include the following:  
• 
the Issuer cannot directly or indirectly have provided financing to any person for the express 
purpose of investing in the Bail-inable Notes; 
• 
the Bail-inable Note is not subject to set-off, netting, compensation or retention rights; 
• 
the Bail-inable Note must not provide rights to accelerate repayment of principal or interest 
payments outside of bankruptcy, insolvency, wind-up or liquidation, except that events of 
default relating to the non-payment of scheduled principal and/or interest payments will be 
permitted where they are subject to a cure period of no less than 30 business days and 
clearly disclose to investors that: (i) acceleration is only permitted where an Order has not 
been made in respect of the Issuer; and (ii) notwithstanding any acceleration, the instrument 
continues to be subject to a bail-in conversion prior to its repayment; 
• 
the Bail-inable Note may be redeemed or purchased for cancellation only at the initiative of 
the Issuer and, where the redemption or purchase would lead to a breach of the Issuer’s 
minimum TLAC requirements, that redemption or purchase would be subject to the prior 
approval of the Superintendent; 
• 
the Bail-inable Note does not have credit-sensitive dividend or coupon features that are reset 
periodically based in whole or in part on the Issuer’s credit standing; and  
• 
where an amendment or variance of the Bail-inable Note’s terms and conditions would affect 
its recognition as TLAC, that amendment or variance will only be permitted with the prior 
approval of the Superintendent.

--- Page 101 ---
98 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following (except for the paragraphs in italics) is the text of the terms and conditions that, subject 
to completion by the applicable Issue Terms, shall be applicable to each Tranche of Notes issued 
under the Programme and shall be incorporated by reference into each Global Note or Global 
Certificate. For Notes in definitive form (if any) issued in exchange for the Global Note(s) or Global 
Certificate(s) representing each Series, either (i) the full text of these terms and conditions together 
with the relevant provisions of Part A of the applicable Issue Terms or (ii) these terms and conditions 
as so completed (subject to simplification by the deletion of non-applicable provisions), shall be 
endorsed on such Bearer Notes or on the Certificates relating to such Registered Notes. In addition, 
the terms and conditions applicable to Global Notes or Global Certificates are modified or 
supplemented by additional provisions.  See “Overview of provisions relating to the Notes while in 
Global Form” below. 
All capitalized terms that are not defined in these terms and conditions will have the meanings given 
to them in the applicable Issue Terms. References in the terms and conditions to “Notes” are to the 
Notes of one Series only, not to all Notes that may be issued under the Programme. 
In construing the applicable Issue Terms (including, but not limited to, the application of any Business 
Day Conventions referred to therein) capitalized terms used in such Issue Terms shall have the same 
meanings given to them in these terms and conditions. 
The Notes are issued pursuant to an amended and restated agency agreement dated 3 May 2019 (as 
amended or supplemented as at the date of issue of the Notes (the “Issue Date”), the “Agency 
Agreement”) among Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce (“CIBC”), Deutsche Bank AG, London 
Branch as fiscal agent and the other agents named therein and with the benefit of an amended and 
restated Deed of Covenant (as amended or supplemented as at the Issue Date of the Notes, the “Deed 
of Covenant”) dated 3 May 2017 executed by CIBC in relation to the Notes. Each fiscal agent, the 
paying agents, the registrar, the transfer agents and the calculation agent(s) for the time being (if any) 
are referred to below respectively as the “Fiscal Agent”, the “Paying Agents” (which expression shall 
include the Fiscal Agents), the “Registrar”, the “Transfer Agents” and the “Calculation Agent(s)” 
and together, as the “Agents”. The Noteholders (as defined below), the holders of the interest coupons 
(the “Coupons”) appertaining to interest bearing Notes in bearer form (and, where applicable in the 
case of such Notes, talons for further Coupons (the “Talons”)) (the “Couponholders”) and the holders 
of the receipts for the payment of instalments of principal (the “Receipts”) relating to Notes in bearer 
form of which the principal is payable in instalments are deemed to have notice of and are bound by 
all of the provisions of the Agency Agreement applicable to them. 
The Notes are issued in Series and each Series may comprise one or more tranches (“Tranches” and 
each, a “Tranche”) of Notes.  As used herein “Series” means a Tranche of Notes, together with any 
further Tranche or Tranches of Notes which are (1) expressed to be consolidated and form a single 
series and (2) identical in all respects (including as to listing) except for the date on which such Notes 
will be issued (the “Issue Date”) the date from which any interest bearing Note bears interest (the 
“Interest Commencement Date”) and the price (expressed as a percentage of the principal amount 
of the Notes) at which such Notes may be issued (the “Issue Price”), which may be at par or at a 
discount or premium to par. References in these terms and conditions (the “Conditions”), to a Tranche 
means Notes which are identical in all respects.  References in these Conditions to Notes are to Notes 
of the relevant Series and any references to Coupons and Receipts are to Coupons and Receipts 
relating to Notes of the relevant Series. 
This Note and other Notes issued in the same Tranche as this Note are subject to Part A of the 
applicable Issue Terms for the Tranche (the “Issue Terms”), a copy of which (or the relevant provisions 
thereof) is attached to or endorsed on the Note.  The Issue Terms complete these Conditions.  
References to the “applicable Issue Terms” are to Part A of the Issue Terms (or the relevant 
provisions thereof) attached to or endorsed on the Note.  In respect of Exempt Notes only, the 
applicable Pricing Supplement may supplement or amend these Conditions. 
1. 
Form, Denomination and Title 
The Notes are issued in bearer form (“Bearer Notes”, which expression includes Notes that are

--- Page 102 ---
99 
 
Exchangeable Bearer Notes), in registered form (“Registered Notes”) or in bearer form exchangeable 
for Registered Notes (“Exchangeable Bearer Notes”) in each case in the Specified Denomination(s) 
shown thereon, provided that (i) in the case of any Notes which are to be admitted to trading on the 
regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange the minimum Specified Denomination shall not 
be less than €1,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency as at the date of issue of the relevant 
Notes), (ii) in the case of any Notes (“Rule 144A Notes”) which are issued pursuant to Rule 144A 
(“Rule 144A”) under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”), the minimum 
Specified Denomination shall not be less than US$200,000 (or its equivalent in another currency at 
the date of issue of the Notes) and (ii) in the case of any Notes which are issued in the form of 
Registered Notes in definitive form made out in the name of a specific creditor governed by German 
law (the “Definitive N Registered Notes”) (Namensschuldverschreibungen) the minimum 
denomination shall not be less than €200,000 (or its equivalent in another currency at the date of issue 
of the Notes). 
Where Exchangeable Bearer Notes are issued, the Registered Notes for which they are exchangeable 
shall have the same minimum Specified Denomination as the lowest denomination of Exchangeable 
Bearer Notes.  Registered Notes will not be exchangeable for Bearer Notes. 
So long as the Bearer Notes are represented by a temporary Global Note or permanent Global Note 
and the relevant clearing system(s) so permit, the Notes shall be tradeable only in principal amounts 
of at least the Specified Denomination (or if more than one Specified Denomination, the lowest 
Specified Denomination) provided in the applicable Issue Terms and (unless otherwise specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms) higher integral multiples of at least 1,000 in the relevant currency as provided 
in the applicable Issue Terms (the “Integral Amount”), notwithstanding that no definitive Notes will be 
issued with a denomination above the Definitive Amount in such currency.  For purposes of these 
Conditions, the “Definitive Amount” shall be equal to two times the lowest Specified Denomination 
minus the Integral Amount. 
Bearer Notes shall be issued in the new global note form if so specified in the applicable Issue Terms.  
This Note may be a Note bearing interest on a fixed rate basis (“Fixed Rate Note”), a Note bearing 
interest on a floating rate basis (“Floating Rate Note”), a Note bearing interest on a variable rate 
determined by reference to a floating rate (“Range Accrual Note”), a Note issued on a non-interest 
bearing basis (“Zero Coupon Note”), a Note with respect to which interest or principal is calculated 
by reference to the level of a commodity index or a basket of such indices, or the price of a single 
commodity (such as gold, oil, aluminum, copper, lead or wheat) (“Commodity Linked Note”), a Note 
with respect to which interest or principal is calculated by reference to an index and/or a formula 
(“Index Linked Note”), a Note with respect to which interest or principal is calculated by reference to 
a single equity security or a basket of equity securities (an “Equity Linked Note”), a Note with respect 
to which interest or principal is calculated by reference to a currency or basket of currencies (“FX 
Linked Note”), a Note with respect to which interest or principal is calculated by reference to a single 
fund or a basket of funds (“Fund Linked Note”), a Note with respect to which principal is calculated 
by reference to specified preference shares of a Preference Share Issuer (“Preference Share Linked 
Note”), a Note with respect to which interest or principal is calculated by reference to an inflation index 
and/or a formula (“Inflation Linked Note” and Commodity Linked Notes, Index Linked Notes, Equity 
Linked Notes, FX Linked Notes, Fund Linked Notes, Preference Share Linked Notes and Inflation 
Linked Notes, together “Reference Item Linked Notes”) or a Fixed/Floating Rate Note or a 
combination of any of the foregoing, depending upon the Interest Basis and/or Redemption/Payment 
Basis specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
If this Note is an Exempt Note, it may be a Note redeemable in instalments (“Instalment Note”), a 
Note with respect to which principal and/or interest is payable in one or more Specified Currencies 
other than the Specified Currency in which it is denominated (“Dual Currency Note”), a Note which is 
issued on a partly paid basis (“Partly Paid Note”), a variable rate Note whose coupon and value 
increases as a benchmark interest rate declines (“Inverse Floating Rate Note”). 
The Notes are denominated in the currency specified in the applicable Issue Terms.

--- Page 103 ---
100 
 
(a) 
Bearer Notes 
Bearer Notes are serially numbered and, if so specified in the applicable Issue Terms, have attached 
thereto at the time of their initial delivery Coupons, presentation of which will be a prerequisite to the 
payment of interest save in certain circumstances specified herein, and, where so specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, shall also have attached thereto at the time of their initial delivery a Talon for 
further coupons except that in the case of Zero Coupon Notes no Coupons or Talons shall be attached 
thereto and references to interest (other than in relation to interest due after the Maturity Date), 
Coupons and Talons in these Conditions are not applicable.  The expression “Coupons” shall, where 
the context so requires, include Talons. 
Title to the Bearer Notes and the Receipts, Coupons and Talons shall pass by delivery. 
(b) 
Registered Notes 
Registered Notes are represented by registered certificates (“Certificates”) and, save as provided in 
Condition 2, each Certificate shall represent the entire holding of Registered Notes by the same holder. 
Rule 144A Notes will initially be represented by one or more permanent restricted global certificates 
(each, a “Restricted Global Certificate”). Registered Notes, if specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
will be issued in the form of one or more Restricted Global Certificates and may be registered in the 
name of, or in the name of a nominee for, The Depository Trust Company (“DTC”). 
Title to the Registered Notes shall pass by registration in the register that the Issuer shall procure to 
be kept by the Registrar in accordance with the provisions of the Agency Agreement (the “Register”). 
(c) 
Instalment Notes 
This Condition 1(c) applies to Exempt Notes only. Instalment Notes, the principal amount of which is 
repayable by instalments in such amounts as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, 
the provisions of the applicable Issue Terms (each an “Instalment Amount”), have endorsed thereon 
a grid for recording the repayment of Instalment Amounts or, if so specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, have attached thereto, at the time of their initial delivery, payment Receipts in respect of the 
Instalment Amounts repaid.  Bail-inable Notes will not be Instalment Notes. 
(d) 
Holders  
Except as ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction or as required by law, the Holder (as defined 
below) of any Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon shall be deemed to be and may be treated as its absolute 
owner for all purposes, whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any notice of ownership, trust or 
an interest in it, any writing on it (or on the Certificate representing it) or its theft or loss (or that of the 
related Certificate) and no person shall be liable for so treating the Holder. 
In these Conditions, “Noteholder” or “Holder” means the bearer of any Bearer Note, Receipt, Coupon 
or Talon or the person in whose name a Registered Note is registered (as the case may be) and 
capitalized terms have the meanings given to them herein or in the applicable Issue Terms, the 
absence of any such meaning indicating that such term is not applicable to the Notes.   
For greater certainty, any Note or Certificate delivered or issued by the Issuer pursuant to Condition 
2, any permanent Global Note delivered or issued upon an exchange of a temporary Global Note in 
accordance with the terms thereof and any direct rights arising under the Deed of Covenant shall not 
constitute new indebtedness but rather shall in each case evidence the same indebtedness of the 
Issuer evidenced by the prior existing Note or Certificate. 
2. 
Exchanges of Exchangeable Bearer Notes and Transfers of Registered Notes 
(a) 
Exchange of Exchangeable Bearer Notes 
Subject as provided in Condition 2(f), Notes which are designated in the applicable Issue Terms to 
be Exchangeable Bearer Notes may be exchanged for the same Nominal Amount of Registered

--- Page 104 ---
101 
 
Notes at the request in writing of the relevant Noteholder who shall deliver an exchange notice in the 
form set out in Part B of Schedule 4 to the Agency Agreement to the specified office (which shall in 
no case be within the United States of America) of the Registrar or any Transfer Agent and upon 
surrender of each Exchangeable Bearer Note to be exchanged, together with all unmatured Receipts, 
Coupons and Talons relating to it, at the specified office of the Registrar or any Transfer Agent; 
provided, however, that where an Exchangeable Bearer Note is surrendered for exchange after the 
Record Date (as defined in Condition 15(b)(ii)) for any payment of interest and prior to the due date 
for such payment, the Coupon in respect of that payment of interest need not be surrendered with it. 
Registered Notes may not be exchanged for Bearer Notes. Bearer Notes of one Specified 
Denomination may not be exchanged for Bearer Notes of another Specified Denomination. Bearer 
Notes that are not Exchangeable Bearer Notes may not be exchanged for Registered Notes. 
(b) 
Transfer of Registered Notes 
One or more Registered Notes may be transferred upon the surrender (at the specified office of the 
Registrar or any Transfer Agent) of the Certificate representing such Registered Notes to be 
transferred, together with the form of transfer endorsed on such Certificate (or such other form of 
transfer substantially in the same form and containing the same representations and certifications (if 
any), unless otherwise agreed by the Issuer) duly completed and executed and any other evidence 
as the Registrar or Transfer Agent may reasonably require. In the case of a transfer of part only of a 
holding of Registered Notes represented by one Certificate, a new Certificate shall be issued to the 
transferee in respect of the part transferred and a further new Certificate in respect of the balance of 
the holding not transferred shall be issued to the transferor. 
Prior to the 40th day after the later of the commencement of the offering of the particular Tranche of 
Notes and the issue date (such period through and including the 40th day, the “Distribution 
Compliance Period”), transfers by an owner of a beneficial interest in a permanent registered global 
certificate (an “Unrestricted Global Certificate”) to a transferee who takes delivery of such interest 
through a Restricted Global Certificate will be made only in accordance with the applicable procedures 
of DTC and upon receipt by the Registrar or any Transfer Agent of a written certification from 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV (“Euroclear”) or Clearstream Banking S.A. (“Clearstream, Luxembourg”) as 
the case may be (based on a written certificate from the transferor of such interest) to the effect that 
such transfer is being made to a person who the transferor reasonably believes is a qualified 
institutional buyer (“QIB”) within the meaning of Rule 144A in a transaction meeting the requirements 
of Rule 144A and in accordance with any applicable securities law of any State of the United States 
or any other jurisdiction and giving details of the account at Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, 
as the case may be, and/or DTC to be credited and debited, respectively, with an interest in the 
relevant Global Certificates.  This certification will no longer be required after the expiration of the 
Distribution Compliance Period. 
Transfers by an owner of a beneficial interest in a Restricted Global Certificate to a transferee who 
takes delivery of that interest through an Unrestricted Global Certificate, whether before or after the 
expiration of the Distribution Compliance Period, will be made only upon receipt by the Registrar or 
any Transfer Agent of a certification from the transferor to the effect that such transfer is being made 
in accordance with Regulation S under the Securities Act (“Regulation S”) or (if available) Rule 144A 
and that, if such transfer is being made prior to the expiration of the Distribution Compliance Period, 
the interest transferred will be held immediately thereafter through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and giving details of the account at Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case 
may be, and/or DTC to be credited and debited, respectively, with an interest in the relevant Global 
Certificates. 
Exchanges of beneficial interests in a Global Certificate for interests in another Global Certificate will 
be subject to the applicable rules and procedures of DTC, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and their direct and indirect participants. Any beneficial interest in one of the Global 
Certificates that is transferred to a person who takes delivery in the form of an interest in another 
Global Certificate will, upon transfer, cease to be an interest in that Global Certificate and become 
an interest in the Global Certificate to which the beneficial interest is transferred and, accordingly, 
will thereafter be subject to all transfer restrictions, if any, and other procedures applicable to 
beneficial interests in the Global Certificate to which the beneficial interest is transferred for as long 
as it remains an interest in that Global Certificate.

--- Page 105 ---
102 
 
(c) 
Exercise of Options and Puts or Partial Redemption in Respect of Registered Notes 
In the case of a Call Option or a Put Option in respect of, or a partial redemption of, a holding of 
Registered Notes represented by a single Certificate, a new Certificate shall be issued to the Holder 
to reflect the exercise of such option or in respect of the balance of the holding not redeemed. In the 
case of a partial exercise of either a Call Option or a Put Option resulting in Registered Notes of the 
same holding having different terms, separate Certificates shall be issued in respect of those Notes 
of that holding that have the same terms. New Certificates shall only be issued against surrender of 
the existing Certificates to the Registrar or any Transfer Agent. In the case of a transfer of Registered 
Notes to a person who is already a Holder of Registered Notes, a new Certificate representing the 
enlarged holding shall only be issued against surrender of the Certificate representing the existing 
holding. 
(d) 
Delivery of New Certificates 
Each new Certificate to be issued pursuant to Conditions 2(a), (b) or (c) shall be available for delivery 
within three business days of receipt of the request for exchange, form of transfer or Exercise Notice 
(as defined in Condition 5(e)) or surrender of the Certificate for exchange. Delivery of the new 
Certificate(s) shall be made at the specified office of the Transfer Agent or of the Registrar (as the 
case may be) to whom delivery or surrender of such request for exchange, form of transfer, Exercise 
Notice or Certificate shall have been made or, at the option of the Holder making such delivery or 
surrender as aforesaid and as specified in the relevant request for exchange, form of transfer, 
Exercise Notice or otherwise in writing, be mailed by uninsured post at the risk of the Holder entitled 
to the new Certificate to such address as may be so specified, unless such Holder requests otherwise 
and pays in advance to the relevant Agent the costs of such other method of delivery and/or such 
insurance as such Holder may specify. In this Condition 2(d), “business day” means a day, other 
than a Saturday or Sunday, on which banks are open for business in the place of the specified office 
of the relevant Transfer Agent or the Registrar (as the case may be). 
(e) 
Exchange Free of Charge 
Exchange and transfer of Notes and Certificates on registration, transfer, partial redemption or 
exercise of either a Call Option or Put Option shall be effected without charge by or on behalf of the 
Issuer, the Registrar or the Transfer Agents, but upon payment of any tax or other governmental 
charges that may be imposed in relation to it (or the giving of such indemnity as the Registrar or the 
relevant Transfer Agent may require). 
(f) 
Closed Periods 
No Noteholder may require the transfer of a Registered Note to be registered or an Exchangeable 
Bearer Note to be exchanged for one or more Registered Note(s) (i) during the period of 15 days 
ending on the due date for redemption of, or (in respect of Exempt Notes) payment of any Instalment 
Amount in respect of, that Note, (ii) during the period of 15 days before any date on which Notes may 
be called for redemption by the Issuer at its option pursuant to Condition 5(d), (iii) after any such 
Note has been called by the Issuer for redemption or (iv) during the period of seven days ending on 
(and including) any Record Date (as defined in Condition 15(b)(ii)). An Exchangeable Bearer Note 
called for redemption may, however, be exchanged for one or more Registered Note(s) in respect of 
which the Certificate is simultaneously surrendered not later than the relevant Record Date. 
3. 
Status of Notes 
(a) 
Deposit Liabilities 
Notes and the Coupons relating to them will constitute deposit liabilities of CIBC for purposes of the 
Bank Act (Canada) (the “Bank Act”) and constitute legal, valid and binding unconditional and 
unsecured obligations of CIBC and will rank pari passu with all deposit liabilities of CIBC (except as 
otherwise prescribed by law and subject to the exercise of bank resolution powers under the CDIC 
Act) without any preference amongst themselves. Such Notes will not be deposits insured under the 
CDIC Act.  The deposits evidenced by Notes have been issued by the branch of CIBC specified as 
the Branch of Account in the applicable Issue Terms (or, if no Branch of Account is specified, by the

--- Page 106 ---
103 
 
main branch of CIBC in Toronto which shall be the Branch of Account), such branch being the branch 
of account for the purposes of the Bank Act.  
(b) 
Bail-inable Notes 
This Condition 3(b) applies to Notes that are identified as Bail-inable Notes in the applicable Issue 
Terms. 
Notes other than “structured notes” (as defined in the Bank Recapitalization (Bail-in) Conversion 
Regulations (Canada)) having an original or amended term to maturity of more than 400 days, have 
one or more explicit or embedded options, that if exercised by or on behalf of the Issuer could result 
in a maturity date that is more than 400 days from the Issue Date or that have an explicit or embedded 
option that, if exercised by or on behalf of the Noteholder could by itself result in a maturity date that 
is more than 400 days from the maturity date that would apply if the option were not exercised and 
that have been assigned a CUSIP or an ISIN or similar identification number and are not otherwise 
excluded are subject to the Canadian bank recapitalization regime for banks designated by the 
Superintendent of Financial Institutions (Canada) (the “Superintendent”) as domestic systemically 
important banks (such Notes, “Bail-inable Notes”) and will be identified as Bail-inable Notes in the 
applicable Issue Terms. 
By its acquisition of an interest in Bail-inable Notes, each Noteholder (which, for the purposes of this 
Condition 3(b), includes each holder of a beneficial interest in such Bail-inable Notes): 
 
agrees to be bound, in respect of such Bail-inable Notes, by the CDIC Act, including the 
conversion of the Bail-inable Notes, in whole or in part – by means of a transaction or series 
of transactions and in one or more steps – into common shares of the Issuer or any of its 
affiliates under subsection 39.2(2.3) of the CDIC Act and the variation or extinguishment of 
the Bail-inable Notes in consequence (“Bail-in Conversion”), and by the application of the laws 
of the Province of Ontario and the federal laws of Canada applicable therein in respect of the 
operation of the CDIC Act with respect to such Bail-inable Notes; 
 
attorns to the jurisdiction of courts in the Province of Ontario with respect to the CDIC Act and 
the laws of the Province of Ontario in respect of the operation of the CDIC Act;  
 
acknowledges and agrees that the terms referred to in paragraphs (i) and (ii), of this Condition 
3(b), are binding on such Noteholder despite any other provisions in these Conditions, any 
other law that governs such Bail-inable Notes and any other agreement, arrangement or 
understanding between such Holder and the Issuer with respect to such Bail-inable Notes;  
 
agrees that the Bail-in Conversion does not give rise to an Event of Default under Condition18; 
and 
 
is deemed to have represented and warranted to the Issuer that the Issuer has not, directly or 
indirectly, provided financing to the Noteholder for the express purpose of investing in Bail-
inable Notes. 
Noteholders holding Bail-inable Notes shall have no further rights in respect of their Bail-inable Notes 
to the extent those Bail-inable Notes are converted in a Bail-in Conversion, other than those provided 
under the Bail-in Regime, and by its acquisition of an interest in any Bail-inable Notes, each Noteholder 
of that Bail-inable Note are deemed to irrevocably consent to the converted portion of the principal 
amount of that Bail-inable Note and any accrued and unpaid interest thereon being deemed paid in 
full by the issuance of common shares of the Issuer (or, if applicable, any of its affiliates) upon the 
occurrence of a Bail-in Conversion, which Bail-in Conversion shall occur without any further action on 
the part of that Noteholder; provided that, for the avoidance of doubt, this consent shall not limit or 
otherwise affect any rights of that Noteholder provided for under the Bail-in Regime. 
Each Noteholder of a Bail-inable Note that acquires an interest in the Bail-inable Notes in the 
secondary market and any successors, assigns, heirs, executors, administrators, trustees in 
bankruptcy and legal representatives of such Noteholder shall be deemed to acknowledge, and by 
acquiring such interest, accept, agree to be bound by and consent to the same provisions specified

--- Page 107 ---
104 
 
herein to the same extent as the Noteholders that acquire an interest in the Bail-inable Notes upon 
their initial issuance, including, without limitation, with respect to the acknowledgement and 
agreement to be bound by and consent to the terms of the Bail-inable Notes related to the Bail-in 
Regime. 
“Bail-in Regime” means the provisions of, and regulations under, the Bank Act, the CDIC Act and 
certain other Canadian federal statutes pertaining to banks, providing for a bank recapitalization 
regime for banks designated by the Superintendent as domestic systemically important banks, 
including subsection 39.2(2.3) of the CDIC Act, the Bank Recapitalization (Bail-in) Conversion 
Regulations (Canada), the Bank Recapitalization (Bail-in) Issuance Regulations (Canada) and the 
Compensation Regulations (Canada), and in each case any successor statute or regulation thereto, 
as amended from time to time. 
This Condition 3(b) is binding on all holders of Bail-inable Notes despite any other terms of the Bail-
inable Notes, any other law that governs the Bail-inable Notes and any other agreement, arrangement 
or understanding between the Issuer and such holder with respect to the Bail-inable Notes. 
4. 
Interest and Other Calculations 
(a) 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding Nominal Amount (or, if it is an Exempt Note 
that is a Partly Paid Note, the amount paid up) from the Interest Commencement Date at the rate(s) 
per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Rate(s) of Interest, such interest being payable 
in arrear on each Interest Payment Date and on the Maturity Date. The amount of interest payable 
shall be calculated in accordance with Condition 4(i). 
Unless otherwise specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the amount of interest payable on each 
Interest Payment Date in respect of the Interest Period ending on, but excluding, such date will 
amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount.  Payments of Interest on any Interest Payment Date will, if so 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, amount to the Broken Amount so specified. 
(b) 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes  
(i) 
Interest Payment Dates 
If so indicated in the applicable Issue Terms, each Floating Rate Note bears interest on its 
outstanding Nominal Amount (or, if it is an Exempt Note that is a Partly Paid Note, the amount 
paid-up) from and including the Interest Commencement Date at the rate(s) per annum 
(expressed as a percentage) equal to the Rate(s) of Interest determined in the manner 
specified herein, such interest being payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date in each 
year.  Such Interest Payment Date(s) is/are either specified in the applicable Issue Terms as 
Specified Interest Payment Dates or, if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms, “Interest Payment Date” shall mean each date which falls the 
number of months or other period specified in the applicable Issue Terms as the Interest 
Period after the preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case of the first Interest Payment 
Date, after the Interest Commencement Date, subject in each case to adjustment in 
accordance with the applicable Business Day Convention.  The amount of interest payable 
shall be determined in accordance with Condition 4(i).   
Such interest will be payable in respect of each Interest Period (which expression shall, in 
these Conditions, mean the period from and including an Interest Payment Date (or the 
Interest Commencement Date or, if no Interest Commencement Date is indicated in the 
applicable Issue Terms, the Issue Date) to, but excluding, the next (or first) Interest Payment 
Date or the Maturity Date).

--- Page 108 ---
105 
 
(ii) 
Rate of Interest – Floating Rate Notes 
The Rate of Interest in respect of Floating Rate Notes shall be determined in the manner 
specified below. 
(A) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the applicable Issue Terms as the manner in which 
the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period 
shall be determined by the Calculation Agent as a rate equal to the relevant ISDA Rate 
(adjusted as required by Condition 4(g)). For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), “ISDA 
Rate” for an Interest Accrual Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be 
determined by the Calculation Agent under an interest rate swap transaction governed by an 
agreement in the form of an ISDA Agreement incorporating the ISDA Definitions and under 
which: 
(x) the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the applicable Issue Terms; 
(y) the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the applicable Issue Terms; and  
(z) the relevant Reset Date is as specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), “Floating Rate”, “Calculation Agent”, “Floating 
Rate Option”, “Designated Maturity”, “Reset Date” and “Swap Transaction” have the 
meanings given to those terms in the ISDA Definitions. 
(B) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
(I) 
Reference Rate other than SONIA, SOFR, €STR or SARON 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Issue Terms as the manner 
in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the Reference Rate is specified in the 
Issue Terms as being a rate other than SONIA, SOFR, €STR or SARON (as defined below), 
the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will, subject as provided in paragraph (z) 
below and subject to Condition 4(n), be either: 
(1) 
the offered quotation; or 
(2) 
the arithmetic mean of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate (as specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms) which appears or appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant 
Screen Page (as set forth in the applicable Issue Terms) as at the Relevant Time (as set forth 
in the applicable Issue Terms) on the Interest Determination Date (as defined below) in 
question as determined by the Calculation Agent (adjusted as required by Condition 4(g)). 
Unless otherwise specified in the applicable Issue Terms if five or more of such offered 
quotations are available on the Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, if there is more than 
one such highest quotation, one only of such quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is more 
than one such lowest quotation, one only of such quotations) shall be disregarded by the 
Calculation Agent for the purpose of determining the arithmetic mean of such offered 
quotations; 
If, on any Interest Determination Date, the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if sub-
paragraph (1) above applies and no such offered quotation appears on the Relevant Screen 
Page or if sub-paragraph (2) above applies and fewer than three such offered quotations 
appear on the Relevant Screen Page or if the offered rate or rates which appear do not apply 
to a period or duration equal to the Interest Accrual Period, in each case as at the Relevant 
Time,  
(a) where the Reference Rate is “Federal Funds Rate”, the Rate of Interest for each 
Interest Accrual Period will, subject as provided below, be the rate (expressed as

--- Page 109 ---
106 
 
a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate for the Specified Currency 
for that Interest Accrual Period, which appears or appear, as the case may be, on 
the Fallback Screen Page as at the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date (as defined below) in question as determined by the 
Calculation Agent (adjusted as required by Condition 4(h)) or  
(b) in all other case, subject as provided below, the Calculation Agent shall request 
each of the Reference Banks to provide the Calculation Agent with its offered 
quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate at 
the Relevant Time on the Interest Determination Date in question. If two or more 
of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with such offered 
quotations, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Accrual Period shall be the 
arithmetic mean of such offered quotations as determined by the Calculation 
Agent (adjusted as required by Condition 4(h)); and 
(c) if the Calculation Agent determines that fewer than two Reference Banks are 
providing offered quotations, subject as provided below, the Rate of Interest shall 
be the arithmetic mean of (I) where the Reference Rate is CDOR, the bid rates; 
(II) where the Reference Rate is BBR, the mid of the bid and ask rates; or (III) in 
all other cases, the rates per annum (expressed as a percentage) as 
communicated to (and at the request of) the Calculation Agent by the Reference 
Banks or any two or more of them, at which such banks offered, at the Relevant 
Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, loans in the Specified Currency 
for a period equal to that which would have been used for the Reference Rate by 
leading banks in the relevant inter-bank market or, if fewer than two of the 
Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with such offered rates, the 
offered rate for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which 
would have been used for the Reference Rate, or the arithmetic mean of the 
offered rates for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which 
would have been used for the Reference Rate, at the Relevant Time, on the 
relevant Interest Determination Date, any one or more banks (which bank or 
banks is or are in the opinion of the Calculation Agent and the Issuer suitable for 
such purpose) informs the Calculation Agent it is quoting to leading banks in the 
relevant inter-bank market (adjusted as required by Condition 4(h)),  
plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Issue Terms) the Margin (if any) provided that, if 
the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this 
paragraph and provided further that such failure is not due to the occurrence of a Benchmark 
Transition Event (as defined in Condition 4(n)(A) or (B)), the Rate of Interest shall be 
determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though substituting, where a 
different Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Accrual Period, 
the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period, in place of the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last 
preceding Interest Accrual Period).  If the Reference Rate cannot be determined because of 
the occurrence of a Benchmark Transition Event, the Reference Rate shall be calculated in 
accordance with the terms of Condition 4(n)(A). 
(II) SONIA Reference Rate 
Where the Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Issue Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, and the Reference Rate is specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms as being SONIA, subject as provided below and subject to 
Condition 4(n), the Rate of Interest shall be Compounded Daily SONIA, as specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, as determined by the Calculation Agent.  
As used in this Condition 4(b)(ii)(b)(II): 
“SONIA Reference Rate”, in respect of any London Business Day, is a reference rate equal 
to the daily Sterling Overnight Index Average (“SONIA”) rate for such London Business Day

--- Page 110 ---
107 
 
as provided by the administrator of SONIA to authorised distributors and as then published on 
the Relevant Screen Page or, if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise 
published by such authorised distributors, in each case on the London Business Day 
immediately following such London Business Day; and  
“London Business Day” or “LBD” means any day on which commercial banks are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in 
London. 
Compounded Daily SONIA  
“Compounded Daily SONIA” means with respect to an Interest Accrual Period: 
(A) where "Index Determination" is specified as Not Applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, 
the rate of return of a daily compound interest investment during the Observation Period 
corresponding to such Interest Accrual Period (with the daily Sterling overnight reference rate 
as reference rate for the calculation of interest) as calculated by the Calculation Agent (or other 
party responsible for calculating the Rate of Interest as set out in the relevant Issue Terms) as 
at the relevant Interest Determination Date in accordance with the following formula (and the 
resulting percentage will be rounded if necessary to the nearest fourth decimal place, with 
0.00005% being rounded upwards): 
[∏(1 + Relevant Soniai x ni
365
)
do
i = 1
-1] x 365
d  
or 
  
(B) where "Index Determination" is specified as Applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the 
rate calculated by the Calculation Agent (or other party responsible for calculating the Rate of 
Interest as set out in the relevant Issue Terms) as at the relevant Interest Determination Date 
in accordance with the following formula (and the resulting percentage will be rounded if 
necessary to the nearest fourth decimal place, with 0.00005% being rounded upwards): 
 
( 𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴 𝐶𝑜𝑚𝑝𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑑 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝐸𝑛𝑑
𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴 𝐶𝑜𝑚𝑝𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑑 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑆𝑡𝑎𝑟𝑡
−1) × 365
𝑑 
 
provided, however, that if the Calculation Agent (or other party responsible for calculating the 
Rate of Interest as set out in the relevant Issue Terms) is unable for any reason to determine 
either or both of SONIA Compounded IndexEnd and SONIA Compounded IndexStart in relation 
to any Interest Accrual Period, then Compounded Daily SONIA shall be calculated for such 
Interest Accrual Period as if "Index Determination" had been specified as being Not Applicable 
in the relevant Issue Terms (and paragraph (A) of this definition shall be applied accordingly) 
as though the relevant Observation Method was specified as “Shift”; 
“d” is (i) where "Lag" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms as the Observation Method, the 
number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Accrual Period and (ii) where "Shift" is 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms as the Observation Method, the number of calendar days 
in the relevant Observation Period; 
“do” is (i) where "Lag"  is specified in the relevant Issue Terms as the Observation Method, the 
number of London Business Days in the relevant Interest Accrual Period and (ii) where "Shift" 
is specified in the relevant Issue Terms as the Observation Method, for any Observation 
Period, the number of London Business Days in the relevant Observation Period; 
“i” is a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the relevant London 
Business Day in chronological order from, and including, the first London Business Day (i) 
where "Lag" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms as the Observation Method, in the relevant

--- Page 111 ---
108 
 
Interest Accrual Period, and (ii) where "Shift" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms as the 
Observation Method, in the relevant Observation Period; 
“Index Value” means, where "SONIA" is specified as the Reference Rate in the relevant Issue 
Terms, in relation to any London Business Day, the value of the screen rate for index for 
Compounded Daily SONIA as published by authorised distributors on the Relevant Screen 
Page on the immediately following London Business Day provided, however, that in the event 
that the value originally published is subsequently corrected and such corrected value is 
published by authorised distributors or the Bank of England, as the administrator of SONIA (or 
any successor administrator of SONIA)) on the original date of publication, then such corrected 
value, instead of the value that was originally published, shall be deemed the Index Value in 
relation to such London Business Day; 
“ni” for any London Business Day means the number of calendar days from (and including) 
such London Business Day up to (but excluding) the following London Business Day;  
“Observation Period” means the period from (and including) the date falling “p” London 
Business Days prior to the first day of the relevant Interest Accrual Period (and the first Interest 
Period shall begin on and include the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the 
date falling “p” London Business Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest 
Accrual Period;  
“p” has the meaning given to it in the Issue Terms; 
“Reference Day” means each London Business Day in the relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
“Relevant SONIAi” means, in respect of any London Business Day (i): where “Lag” is specified 
as the Observation Method in the applicable Issue Terms, SONIAi-pLBD; or (ii) where “Shift” is 
specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Issue Terms, SONIAiLBD;  
“SONIA Compounded IndexEnd” means, in relation to any Interest Accrual Period, the Index 
Value on the day which is "p" London Business Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for 
such Interest Accrual Period (or in the final Interest Period, the Maturity Date);  
“SONIA Compounded IndexStart” means, in relation to any Interest Accrual Period, the Index 
Value on the day which is "p" London Business Day prior to the first day of such Interest 
Accrual Period (and in respect of the first Interest Accrual Period, the Issue Date); 
“SONIAiLBD” means, in respect of a London Business Day "i" falling in the relevant Observation 
Period, the SONIA reference rate in respect of that day; 
“SONIAi-pLBD” means, in respect of any London Business Day falling in the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period, the SONIA reference rate for the London Business Day falling "p" London 
Business Days prior to the relevant London Business Day "i";   
The SONIA reference rate, in respect of any London Business Day, is a reference rate equal 
to the daily Sterling Overnight Index Average (SONIA) rate for such London Business Day as 
provided by the administrator of SONIA to authorised distributors and as then published on 
the Relevant Screen Page or, if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise 
published by such authorised distributors (on the London Business Day immediately following 
such London Business Day). 
If, in respect of any London Business Day, the applicable SONIA Reference Rate is not made 
available on the Relevant Screen Page or has not otherwise been published by the relevant 
authorized distributors, then unless the Calculation Agent has been notified of any Successor 
Rate or Alternative Rate (and any related Adjustment Spread or Benchmark Amendments) 
pursuant to Condition 4(n), if applicable, the SONIA Reference Rate in respect of such London 
Business Day shall be:  
(a)  
(i) the Bank of England’s Bank Rate (the “Bank Rate”) prevailing at 5.00 p.m. (or, if 
earlier, close of business) on such London Business Day; plus (ii) the mean of the

--- Page 112 ---
109 
 
spread of the SONIA Reference Rate to the Bank Rate over the previous five London 
Business Days on which a SONIA Reference Rate has been published, excluding the 
highest spread (or, if there is more than one highest spread, one only of those highest 
spreads) and lowest spread (or, if there is more than one lowest spread, one only of 
those lowest spreads) to the Bank Rate; and 
(b) 
if the Bank Rate is not published by the Bank of England as set out in sub-paragraph 
(a) above on the relevant London Business Day, the SONIA Reference Rate published 
on the Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise published by the relevant authorised 
distributors) for the immediately preceding London Business Day on which the SONIA 
Reference Rate was published on the Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise published 
by the relevant authorized distributors). 
Notwithstanding the paragraph above, and subject to Condition 4(n), in the event the Bank of 
England publishes guidance as to (i) how the SONIA rate is to be determined or (ii) any rate 
that is to replace the SONIA rate, the Calculation Agent (or such other party responsible for 
the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms) shall, subject 
to receiving written instructions from the Issuer and to the extent that it is reasonably 
practicable, following consultation with the Issuer, follow such guidance in order to determine 
the SONIA rate for any London Business Day “i” for the purpose of the relevant Series of Notes 
for so long as the SONIA rate is not available or has not been published by the authorised 
distributors. 
If the relevant Series of Notes become due and payable in accordance with Condition 18 or 
are redeemed prior to their stated maturity, the final Rate of Interest shall be calculated for the 
Interest Accrual Period to (but excluding) the date on which such Notes became due and 
payable and such Rate of Interest on such Notes shall apply for so long as any such Note 
remains outstanding. 
(III)  SOFR Reference Rate 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified as being applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms and the Reference Rate specified in the applicable Issue Terms is SOFR, the Rate of 
Interest for each Interest Period, subject as provided below and subject to Condition 4(n) shall 
be Compounded SOFR with Lookback, Compounded SOFR with Observation Period Shift, 
Compounded SOFR with Payment Delay, Compounded SOFR Index with Observation Period 
Shift or Weighted Average SOFR, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms, as determined 
by the Calculation Agent. 
The Rate of Interest applicable for an Interest Period will be determined on the applicable 
SOFR Interest Determination Date, except that the Rate of Interest for Compounded SOFR 
with Payment Delay will be determined on the applicable Interest Accrual Period End Date, 
with the Rate of Interest for the final Interest Accrual Period being determined on the Rate Cut-
off Date. 
The amount of interest accrued and payable on SOFR Notes for each Interest Period will be 
calculated by the Calculation Agent and will be equal to the product of (i) the outstanding 
principal amount of the SOFR Notes multiplied by (ii) the product of (a) the Reference Rate for 
the relevant Interest Period plus the applicable Margin multiplied by (b) the quotient of the 
actual number of calendar days in such Interest Period divided by 360.  For Compounded 
SOFR with Payment Delay, this calculation will be made in respect of each Interest Accrual 
Period, rather than each Interest Period. 
For purposes of this Condition: 
Compounded SOFR with Lookback 
“Compounded SOFR with Lookback,” with respect to any Interest Period, means the rate of 
return of a daily compound interest investment computed in accordance with the following

--- Page 113 ---
110 
 
formula, with the resulting percentage being rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one 
hundred-thousandth of a percentage point, 0.000005 being rounded upwards to .00001: 
[∏(1 + 𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅𝑖− 𝑦𝑈𝑆𝐵𝐷 𝑥 𝑛𝑖   
360
)
𝑑0
𝑖=1
−1]  𝑥 360
𝑑 
where: 
“d0”, for any Interest Period, means the number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days 
in the relevant Interest Period; 
“i” means a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the relevant U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day in chronological order from, and including, the first U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day in the relevant Interest Period; 
“SOFRi-yUSBD”, for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i” in the relevant Interest 
Period, is equal to SOFR in respect of the U.S. Government Securities Business Day that is 
“y” (the Lookback Number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days) prior to that day “i”; 
“ni”, for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i” in the relevant Interest Period, is the 
number of calendar days from, and including, such U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
“i” to, but excluding, the following U.S. Government Securities Business Day (“i+1”); and 
“d” means the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Period. 
“SOFR”, with respect to any U.S. Government Securities Business Day, means: 
(1) 
the Secured Overnight Financing Rate published for such U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day as such rate appears on the SOFR Administrator’s 
Website at 3:00 p.m. (New York time) on the immediately following U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day (the “SOFR Determination Time”); or 
(2) 
if the rate specified in (1) above does not so appear, unless both a Benchmark 
Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date (as each such 
term is defined below under Condition 4(n)(A)) have occurred, the Secured 
Overnight Financing Rate as published in respect of the first preceding U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day for which the Secured Overnight 
Financing Rate was published on the SOFR Administrator’s Website; or 
(3) 
if a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement 
Date have occurred, the Benchmark Replacement, subject to the provisions 
described, and as defined, below under Condition 4(n)(A). 
where: 
“Lookback Number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days” has the meaning 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms and represented in the formula above as “y”, and which 
shall not be less than five U.S. Government Securities Business Days without the prior consent 
of the Calculation Agent. 
“SOFR Administrator” means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor 
administrator of the Secured Overnight Financing Rate); and 
“SOFR Administrator’s Website” means the website of the Federal Reserve Bank of New 
York, or any successor source.

--- Page 114 ---
111 
 
Compounded SOFR with Observation Period Shift 
“Compounded SOFR with Observation Period Shift”, with respect to any Interest Period, 
means the rate of return of a daily compound interest investment computed in accordance with 
the following formula, with the resulting percentage being rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 
one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point, 0.000005 being rounded upwards to .00001): 
[∏(1 + 𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅𝑖 𝑥 𝑛𝑖   
360
)
𝑑0
𝑖=1
−1]  𝑥 360
𝑑 
where: 
“d” means the number of calendar days in the relevant Observation Period  
“d0”, for any Observation Period, means the number of U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days in the relevant Observation Period; 
“i” means a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the relevant U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day in chronological order from, and including, the first U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day in the relevant Observation Period; 
“SOFRi”, for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i” in the relevant Observation 
Period, is equal to SOFR (as defined above under “— Compounded SOFR with Lookback”) in 
respect of that day “i”; 
“ni”, for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i” in the relevant Observation Period, 
is the number of calendar days from, and including, such U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day “i” to, but excluding, the following U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
(“i+1”); and 
“Observation Period” means, in respect of each Interest Period, the period from, and 
including, the date that is the number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms preceding the first date in such Interest Period to, but excluding, 
the date that is the same number of U.S. government securities Business Days so specified 
and preceding the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period. 
Compounded SOFR with Payment Delay 
“Compounded SOFR with Payment Delay” with respect to any Interest Accrual Period 
means the rate of return of a daily compound interest investment computed in accordance with 
the following formula, with the resulting percentage being rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 
one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point, 0.000005 being rounded upwards to .00001: 
[∏(1 + 𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅𝑖 𝑥 𝑛𝑖   
360
)
𝑑0
𝑖=1
−1]  𝑥 360
𝑑 
where: 
“d0”, for any Interest Accrual Period, means the number of U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days in the relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
“i” means a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the relevant U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day in chronological order from, and including, the first U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day in the relevant Interest Accrual Period;

--- Page 115 ---
112 
 
“SOFRi”, for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i” in the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period, is equal to SOFR (as defined above under “— Compound SOFR with Lookback”) in 
respect of that day “i”; 
“ni”, for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i” in the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period, is the number of calendar days from, and including, such U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day “i” to, but excluding, the following U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
(“i+1”); and 
“d” means the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Accrual Period. 
“Interest Accrual Period” means each quarterly period, or such other period as specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms, from, and including, an Interest Accrual Period End Date (or, in 
the case of the first Interest Accrual Period, the Interest Commencement Date) to, but 
excluding, the next Interest Accrual Period End Date (or, in the case of the final Interest Accrual 
Period, the Maturity Date or, if the Issuer elects to redeem the Compounded SOFR Notes with 
Payment Delay on any earlier redemption date, the redemption date).  
“Interest Accrual Period End Dates” means the dates specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, ending on the Maturity Date or, if the Issuer elects to redeem the Compounded SOFR 
Notes with Payment Delay on any earlier redemption date, the redemption date.  
“Interest Payment Date” means the second Business Day, or such other Business Day as 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, following each Interest Accrual Period End Date; 
provided that the Interest Payment Date with respect to the final Interest Accrual Period will 
be the Maturity Date or, if the Issuer elects to redeem the Compounded SOFR Notes with 
Payment Delay on any earlier redemption date, the redemption date. 
“Interest Payment Determination Date” means the Interest Accrual Period End Date at the 
end of each Interest Accrual Period; provided that the Interest Payment Determination Date 
with respect to the final Interest Accrual Period will be the Rate Cut-off Date. 
“Rate Cut-Off Date” means the second U.S. Government Securities Business Day prior to the 
Maturity Date or redemption date, as applicable. For purposes of calculating Compounded 
SOFR with respect to the final Interest Accrual Period, the level of SOFR for each U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day in the period from and including the Rate Cut-Off Date 
to but excluding the Maturity Date or any earlier redemption date, as applicable, shall be the 
level of SOFR in respect of such Rate Cut-Off Date. 
Compounded SOFR Index with Observation Period Shift   
“SOFR Index,” with respect to any U.S. Government Securities Business Day, means:   
(1) 
the SOFR Index value as published by the SOFR Administrator as such index appears 
on the SOFR Administrator’s Website at the SOFR Index Determination Time; 
provided that:  
(2) 
if a SOFR Index value does not so appear as specified in (1) above at the SOFR Index 
Determination Time, then:  
(i) 
if a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement 
Date (each as defined below under Condition 4(n)(A)) have not occurred with 
respect to SOFR, then Compounded SOFR shall be the rate determined 
pursuant to the “SOFR Index Unavailable” provisions below; or  
(ii) 
if a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement 
Date have occurred with respect to SOFR, then Compounded SOFR shall be 
the rate determined pursuant to Condition 4(n)(A). 
where:

--- Page 116 ---
113 
 
“SOFR” means the daily secured overnight financing rate as provided by the SOFR 
Administrator on the SOFR Administrator’s Website.  
"SOFR Index Determination Time" means 3:00 p.m. (New York time) on such U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day. 
“Compounded SOFR,” with respect to any interest period, means the rate computed in 
accordance with the following formula (and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if 
necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point e.g., 9.876541% (or 
.09876541) being rounded down to 9.87654% (or .0987654) and 9.876545% (or .09876545) 
being rounded up to 9.87655% (or .0987655)):  
(𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝐸𝑛𝑑  
𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑆𝑡𝑎𝑟𝑡 
−1) 𝑥360
𝑑𝑐
 
where: 
“SOFR IndexStart” is the SOFR Index value for the day which is two U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days, or such other number of U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days as specified in the applicable Issue Terms, preceding the first date of the relevant Interest 
Period;    
“SOFR IndexEnd” is the SOFR Index value for the day which is two, or such other number of 
U.S. Government Securities Business Days as specified in the applicable Issue Terms, U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days preceding the Interest Payment Date relating to such 
Interest Period; and 
“dc” is the number of calendar days from (and including) SOFR IndexStart to (but excluding) 
SOFR IndexEnd.  
“SOFR Index Unavailable” means, if a SOFR IndexStart or SOFR IndexEnd is not published on 
the associated SOFR Interest Determination Date and a Benchmark Transition Event and its 
related Benchmark Replacement Date (each as defined below under Condition 4(n)(A) have 
not occurred with respect to SOFR, “Compounded SOFR” means, for the applicable Interest 
Period for which such index is not available, the rate of return on a daily compounded interest 
investment calculated in accordance with the formula for SOFR Averages, and definitions 
required for such formula, published on the SOFR Administrator’s Website at 
www.newyorkfed.org/markets/treasury-repo-reference-rates-information. For the purposes of 
this provision, references in the SOFR Averages compounding formula and related definitions 
to "calculation period" shall be replaced with “Observation Period” and the words “that is, 30-, 
90-, or 180- calendar days” shall be removed. If the daily SOFR (“SOFRi”) does not so appear 
for any day “i” in the Observation Period, SOFRi for such day “i” shall be SOFR published in 
respect of the first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day for which SOFR was 
published on the SOFR Administrator’s Website. 
As used in this Condition (4)(b)(ii)(B)(III): 
“U.S. Government Securities Business Day” means any day except for a Saturday, Sunday 
or a day on which SIFMA recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be 
closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in U.S. government securities. 
“Weighted Average SOFR” means the arithmetic mean of SOFR in effect for each Business 
Day during the relevant Interest Period, calculated by multiplying the relevant SOFR by the 
number of calendar days such SOFR is in effect, determining the sum of such products and 
dividing such sum by the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Period, provided 
however that during a Suspension Period, the SOFR for each day during that Suspension 
Period will be the value for the Business Day immediately prior to the first day of such 
Suspension Period.  For purposes of this provision “Suspension Period” is the number of 
Business Days prior to the end of the relevant Interest Period as specified in the applicable

--- Page 117 ---
114 
 
Issue Terms, and which shall not be specified in the applicable Issue Terms as less than four 
without the prior agreement of the Calculation Agent. 
Each calculation of the Rate of Interest and Interest Amount by the Calculation Agent will (in 
absence of manifest error) be final and binding on the Holders and the Issuer. 
The Issuer may appoint a different Calculation Agent from time to time without the consent of 
the Holders and without notifying the Holders. If a Benchmark Transition Event and its related 
Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred under Condition 4(n)(A), the Issuer shall then 
appoint a Designee to act as calculation agent unless the Calculation Agent elects to continue 
as Calculation Agent, and any determination, decision or election that may be made by the 
Issuer or its Designee in connection with Compounded SOFR, including any determination 
with respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, 
circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from taking any action or any 
selection: 
(i) 
will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error on Holders, the Registrar, 
and the Calculation Agent; 
(ii) 
will be made in the Issuer’s or its Designee’s sole discretion; and 
(iii) 
notwithstanding anything to the contrary, shall become effective without 
consent from the Holders or any other party. 
If a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred, 
the Issuer will provide notice to the Holders in accordance with Condition 22 of any 
determination, decision or election made by the Issuer or its Designee in connection with the 
Compounded SOFR, including any determination with respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment. 
The Calculation Agent shall provide written notice to the Registrar and the Issuer, on which 
notice the Registrar and the Issuer may conclusively rely, of the amount to be paid on each 
Interest Payment Date and on the Maturity Date on or prior to 11:00 a.m., New York City time, 
on the Business Day preceding each Interest Payment Date and on the Maturity Date, as 
applicable. 
(IV) €STR Reference Rate  
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified as being applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms and the Reference Rate specified in the applicable Issue Terms is €STR, the Rate of 
Interest for each Interest Period, subject as provided below and subject to Condition 4(n) shall 
be compounded €STR as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
“Compounded Daily €STR” means, with respect to an Interest Period, the rate of return of a 
daily compound interest investment (with the daily euro short-term rate as reference rate for 
the calculation of interest) and will be calculated by the Calculation Agent on the Interest 
Determination Date as follows, and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to 
the fourth decimal place, with each 0.00005 per cent. being rounded upwards: 
[∏(1 + (€STR𝑖−𝑝𝑇𝐵𝐷× 𝑛𝑖 
360
) −1
𝑑𝑜
𝑖=1
] × 360
𝑑 
where: 
“d” is the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Period; 
“do”, for any Interest Period, is the number of TARGET Business Days (as defined below) in 
the relevant Interest Period;

--- Page 118 ---
115 
 
“€STRi-pTBD” means the €STR Reference Rate for the TARGET Business Day (being a 
TARGET Business Day falling in the relevant Observation Period) falling “p” TARGET 
Business Days prior to the relevant TARGET Business Day “i”; 
“i” is a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the relevant TARGET 
Business Day in chronological order from, and including, the first TARGET Business Day in 
the relevant Interest Period; 
“ni” for any TARGET Business Day “i” is the number of calendar days from, and including, 
such TARGET Business Day “i” up to, but excluding, the following TARGET Business Day; 
“p”, for any Interest Period, is the number of TARGET Business Days included in the 
Observation Look-Back Period, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms, and which shall 
not be specified in the applicable Issue Terms as less than five without the prior agreement of 
the Calculation Agent;  
“ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event” means the occurrence of one or more of 
the following events: 
(a) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of the 
ECB Recommended Rate announcing that it has ceased or will cease to publish or 
provide the ECB Recommended Rate permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at that 
time, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide the ECB 
Recommended Rate; or 
(b) 
a public statement or the publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the 
administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate, the central bank for the currency of the 
ECB Recommended Rate, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator of 
the ECB Recommended Rate, a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the 
administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate or a court or an entity with similar 
insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate, 
which states that the administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate has ceased or will 
cease to provide the ECB Recommended Rate permanently or indefinitely, provided that, 
at that time, there is no successor administrator that will continue to publish or provide 
the ECB Recommended Rate; 
“ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Effective Date” means, in respect of an ECB 
Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event, the first date on which the ECB Recommended 
Rate is no longer provided; 
“€STR Index Cessation Event” means the occurrence of one or more of the following events: 
(a) a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the European Central 
Bank (or any successor administrator of €STR) announcing that it has ceased or will 
cease to publish or provide €STR permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at that time, 
there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide €STR; or 
(b) a public statement or the publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the 
administrator of €STR, the central bank for the currency of €STR, an insolvency official 
with jurisdiction over the administrator of €STR, a resolution authority with jurisdiction over 
the administrator of €STR or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution 
authority over the administrator of €STR, which states that the administrator of €STR has 
ceased or will cease to provide €STR permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at that 
time, there is no successor administrator that will continue to publish or provide €STR; 
“€STR Index Cessation Effective Date” means, in respect of an €STR Index Cessation 
Event, the first date on which €STR is no longer provided by the European Central Bank (or 
any successor administrator of €STR);

--- Page 119 ---
116 
 
“€STR Reference Rate” means in respect of any TARGET Business Day, a reference rate 
equal to the daily euro short-term rate (“€STR”) for such TARGET Business Day as provided 
by the European Central Bank, as administrator of such rate (or any successor administrator 
of such rate), on the website of the 
European Central 
Bank, currently 
at 
http://www.ecb.europa.eu, or any successor website officially designated by the European 
Central Bank (the “ECB’s Website”) (in each case, on or before 9:00 a.m. Central European 
Time on the TARGET Business Day immediately following such TARGET Business Day); 
“Observation Period” means, in respect of an Interest Period, the period from, and including, 
the date falling “p” TARGET Business Days prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date (and 
the first Observation Period shall begin on and include the date falling “p” TARGET Business 
Days prior to the Interest Commencement Date) and ending on, but excluding, the date falling 
“p” TARGET Business Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period (or the 
date falling “p” TARGET Business Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes 
become due and payable); 
“TARGET Business Day” or “TBD” means a day on which the TARGET2 System (as defined 
in Condition 4(m)) is open; 
If the €STR Reference Rate does not appear on a TARGET Business Day as specified above, 
unless both an €STR Index Cessation Event and an €STR Index Cessation Effective Date 
(each as defined below) have occurred, the €STR Reference Rate shall be a rate equal to 
€STR in respect of the last TARGET Business Day for which such rate was published on the 
ECB’s Website. 
If the €STR Reference Rate does not appear on a TARGET Business Day as specified above, 
and both an €STR Index Cessation Event and an €STR Index Cessation Effective Date have 
occurred, the rate for each TARGET Business Day in the relevant Observation Period 
occurring on or after such €STR Index Cessation Effective Date will be determined as if 
references to “€STR” were references to the rate (inclusive of any spreads or adjustments) 
that was recommended as the replacement for €STR by the European Central Bank (or any 
successor administrator of €STR) and/or by a committee officially endorsed or convened by 
the European Central Bank (or any successor administrator of €STR) for the purpose of 
recommending a replacement for €STR (which rate may be produced by the European Central 
Bank or another administrator) (the “ECB Recommended Rate”), provided that, if no such 
rate has been recommended before the end of the first TARGET Business Day following the 
date on which the €STR Index Cessation Event occurs, then the rate for each TARGET 
Business Day in the relevant Observation Period occurring on or after such €STR Index 
Cessation Effective Date will be determined as if references to €STR were references to the 
Eurosystem Deposit Facility Rate, the rate on the deposit facility that banks may use to make 
overnight deposits with the Eurosystem, as published on the ECB’s Website (the “EDFR”) on 
such TARGET Business Day plus the arithmetic mean of the daily difference between the 
€STR Reference Rate and the EDFR for each of the 30 TARGET Business Days immediately 
preceding the date on which the €STR Index Cessation Event occurs (the “EDFR Spread”); 
provided further that, if both an ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event and an ECB 
Recommended Rate Index Cessation Effective Date subsequently occur, then the rate for 
each TARGET Business Day in the relevant Observation Period occurring on or after that ECB 
Recommended Rate Index Cessation Effective Date will be determined as if references to 
“€STR” were references to the EDFR on such TARGET Business Day plus the arithmetic 
mean of the daily difference between the ECB Recommended Rate and the EDFR for each of 
the 30 TARGET Business Days immediately preceding the date on which the ECB 
Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event occurs. 
In the event that the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing 
provisions, (i) the Rate of Interest shall be that determined at the last preceding Interest 
Determination Date or (ii) if there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date, the Rate 
of Interest shall be determined as if references to €STR for each TARGET Business Day in 
the relevant Observation Period occurring on or after the €STR Index Cessation Effective Date 
were references to the latest published ECB Recommended Rate or, if the EDFR is published

--- Page 120 ---
117 
 
on a later date than the latest published ECB Recommended Rate, the latest published EDFR 
plus the EDFR Spread. 
If a €STR Index Cessation Event occurs, the Issuer will promptly notify the Calculation Agent 
of such occurrence. 
If the Notes become due and payable in accordance with Condition 18, the final Interest 
Determination Date shall, notwithstanding any Interest Determination Date specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms, be deemed to be the date on which the Notes became due and payable 
(with corresponding adjustments being deemed to be made to the Compounded Daily €STR 
formula) and the Rate of Interest on the Notes shall, for so long as any such Notes remain 
outstanding, be the Rate of Interest determined on such date. 
(V)  SARON Reference Rate  
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified as being applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms and the Reference Rate specified in the applicable Issue Terms is SARON, the Rate 
of Interest for each Interest Period, subject as provided below and subject to Condition 4(n) 
shall be SARON Compounded as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
“SARON Compounded” means, in respect of an Interest Period, the rate of return of a daily 
compound interest investment (with the daily overnight interest rate of the secured funding 
market for Swiss franc) as calculated by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date in accordance with the following formula (and the resulting percentage will 
be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one ten-thousandth of a percentage point, with 
0.00005 being rounded upwards): 
[∏(1 + (SARON𝑖× 𝑛𝑖 
360
) −1
𝑑𝑏
𝑖=1
] × 360
𝑑𝑐
 
where: 
“db” means the number of Zurich Banking Days in the relevant Observation Period;  
“dc” means the number of calendar days in the relevant Observation Period;  
“i” indexes a series of whole numbers from one to db, representing the Zurich Banking Days 
in the relevant Observation Period in chronological order from, and including, the first Zurich 
Banking Day in such Observation Period;  
“ni” means, in respect of any Zurich Banking Day “i”, the number of calendar days from, and 
including, the Zurich Banking Day “i” up to, but excluding, the first following Zurich Banking 
Day;  
“SARONi” means, in respect of any Zurich Banking Day “i”, SARON for such Zurich Banking 
Day “i”;  
“Observation Period” means, in respect of an Interest Period, the period from, and including, 
the date falling “p” Zurich Banking Days prior to the first day of such Interest Period and ending 
on, but excluding, the date falling “p” Zurich Banking Days prior to the Interest Payment Date 
for such Interest Period;  
“p”, for any Interest Accrual Period, is the number of Zurich Banking Days included in the 
Observation Look-Back Period, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms, and which shall 
not be specified in the applicable Issue Terms as less than five without the prior agreement of 
the Calculation Agent;

--- Page 121 ---
118 
 
“Relevant Time” means, in respect of any Zurich Banking Day, close of trading on SIX Swiss 
Exchange on such Zurich Banking Day, which is expected to be on or around 6 p.m. (Zurich 
time);  
“SARON” means, in respect of any Zurich Banking Day, 
(a) the Swiss Average Rate Overnight for such Zurich Banking Day published by the 
SARON Administrator on the SARON Administrator Website at the Relevant Time on 
such Zurich Banking Day; or  
(b) if such rate is not so published on the SARON Administrator Website at the Relevant Time 
on such Zurich Banking Day and a SARON Index Cessation Event and a SARON Index 
Cessation Effective Date have not both occurred on or prior to the Relevant Time on such 
Zurich Banking Day, the Swiss Average Rate Overnight published by the SARON 
Administrator on the SARON Administrator Website for the last preceding Zurich Banking 
Day on which the Swiss Average Rate Overnight was published by the SARON 
Administrator on the SARON Administrator Website; or  
(c) if such rate does not so appear or is not so published on the SARON Administrator 
Website at the Relevant Time on such Zurich Banking Day and a SARON Index Cessation 
Event and a SARON Index Cessation Effective Date have both occurred on or prior to 
such Zurich Banking Day,  
(i)  if there is a Recommended Replacement Rate within one Zurich Banking Day of 
the SARON Index Cessation Effective Date, the Recommended Replacement 
Rate for such Zurich Banking Day, giving effect to the Recommended Adjustment 
Spread, if any published on such Zurich Banking Day; or  
(ii)  if there is no Recommended Replacement Rate within one Zurich Banking Day of 
the SARON Index Cessation Effective Date, the policy rate of the Swiss National 
Bank (the “SNB Policy Rate”) for such Zurich Banking Day, giving effect to the 
SNB Adjustment Spread, if any;  
“SARON Administrator” means SIX Swiss Exchange or any successor administrator of 
SARON;  
“SARON Administrator Website” means the website of the SARON Administrator;  
“SIX Swiss Exchange” means SIX Swiss Exchange AG and any successor thereto; and 
“Zurich Banking Day” means a day on which banks are open in the City of Zurich for the 
settlement of payments and of foreign exchange transactions. 
As used in this Condition 4(b)(ii)(IV): 
“Recommended Adjustment Spread” means, with respect to any Recommended 
Replacement Rate, the spread (which may be positive, negative or zero), or formula or 
methodology for calculating such a spread,  
(a) that the Recommending Body has recommended be applied to such Recommended 
Replacement Rate in the case of fixed income securities with respect to which such 
Recommended Replacement Rate has replaced the Swiss Average Rate Overnight as 
the reference rate for purposes of determining the applicable rate of interest thereon; or  
(b) if the Recommending Body has not recommended such a spread, formula or methodology 
as described in clause (a) above, to be applied to such Recommended Replacement Rate 
in order to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable under the 
circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to Holders as a result of 
the replacement of the Swiss Average Rate Overnight with such Recommended 
Replacement Rate for purposes of determining SARON, which spread will be determined

--- Page 122 ---
119 
 
by the Calculation Agent, acting in good faith and a commercially reasonable manner, and 
be consistent with industry-accepted practices for fixed income securities with respect to 
which such Recommended Replacement Rate has replaced the Swiss Average Rate 
Overnight as the reference rate for purposes of determining the applicable rate of interest 
thereon;  
“Recommended Replacement Rate” means the rate that has been recommended as the 
replacement for the Swiss Average Rate Overnight by any working group or committee in 
Switzerland organized in the same or a similar manner as the National Working Group on 
Swiss Franc Reference Rates that was founded in 2013 for purposes of, among other things, 
considering proposals to reform reference interest rates in Switzerland (any such working 
group or committee, the “Recommending Body”).  
“SARON Index Cessation Effective Date” means, in respect of a SARON Index Cessation 
Event, the earliest of:  
(a) in the case of a SARON Index Cessation Event described in clause (a) of the definition 
thereof, the date on which the SARON Administrator ceases to provide the Swiss Average 
Rate Overnight;  
(b) in the case of the occurrence of a SARON Index Cessation Event described in clause 
(b)(x) of the definition thereof, the latest of  
(i) the date of such statement or publication;  
(ii) the date, if any, specified in such statement or publication as the date on which the 
Swiss Average Rate Overnight will no longer be representative; and  
(iii) if a SARON Cessation Event described in clause (b)(y) of the definition thereof has 
occurred on or prior to either or both dates specified in subclauses (i) and (ii) of this 
clause (b), the date as of which the Swiss Average Rate Overnight may no longer be 
used; and  
(c) in the case of a SARON Index Cessation Event described in clause (b)(y) of the definition 
thereof, the date as of which the Swiss Average Rate Overnight may no longer be used.  
“SARON Index Cessation Event” means the occurrence of one or more of the following 
events:  
(a) a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the SARON 
Administrator, or by any competent authority, announcing or confirming that the SARON 
Administrator has ceased or will cease to provide the Swiss Average Rate Overnight 
permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, 
there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide the Swiss Average Rate 
Overnight; or  
(b) a public statement or publication of information by the SARON Administrator or any 
competent authority announcing that (x) the Swiss Average Rate Overnight is no longer 
representative or will as of a certain date no longer be representative, or (y) the Swiss 
Average Rate Overnight may no longer be used after a certain date, which statement, in 
the case of subclause (y), is applicable to (but not necessarily limited to) fixed income 
securities and derivatives; and  
“SNB Adjustment Spread” means, with respect to the SNB Policy Rate, the spread to be 
applied to the SNB Policy Rate in order to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably 
practicable under the circum-stances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to 
Holders as a result of the replacement of the Swiss Average Rate Overnight with the SNB 
Policy Rate for purposes of determining SARON, which spread will be determined by the 
Calculation Agent, acting in good faith and a commercially reasonable manner, taking into 
account the historical median between the Swiss Average Rate Overnight and the SNB Policy

--- Page 123 ---
120 
 
Rate during the two year period ending on the date on which the SARON Index Cessation 
Event occurred (or, if more than one SARON Index Cessation Event has occurred, the date 
on which the first of such events occurred).  
If the Calculation Agent (i) is required to use a Recommended Replacement Rate or the SNB 
Policy Rate pursuant to clause (c)(i) or (c)(ii) of the definition of “SARON” for purposes of 
determining SARON for any Zurich Banking Day, and (ii) determines that any changes to any 
relevant definitions (including, without limitation, Observation Period, Relevant Time, SARON, 
SARON Administrator, SARON Administrator Website or Zurich Business Day) are necessary 
in order to use such Recommend Replacement Rate (and any Recommended Adjustment 
Spread) or the SNB Policy Rate (and any SNB Adjustment Spread), as the case may be, for 
such purposes, such definitions shall be amended without the consent of the Holders and the 
Issuer shall promptly give notice to the Holders in accordance with Condition 22 specifying the 
Recommended Replacement Rate and any Recommended Adjustment Spread or any SNB 
Adjustment Spread, as applicable, and any amendments de-scribed in clause (ii) above. 
 (VI) 
Alternate Provisions and Fallbacks 
The applicable Issue Terms may supplement or amend any of the provisions or procedures in 
paragraphs (I) – (V) above or set out other, alternative procedures which shall apply in place 
of any of the provisions or procedures set out in paragraphs (I) – (IV) above. 
(c) 
Interest on Reference Item Linked Notes  
Interest on Reference Item Linked Notes shall be determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance 
with the Conditions 28(a).  Such interest shall accrue from the Interest Commencement Date and shall 
be payable on each Interest Payment Date.  
(d) 
Interest on Range Accrual Notes 
 
The Rate of Interest in respect of Range Accrual Notes for each Interest Accrual Period shall 
be determined by applying one of the following formulae, as specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms, or in the case of Exempt Notes only, in the manner specified in the relevant Pricing 
Supplement: 
(A) 
if “RAN(1)” is specified as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms: 
Rate of Interest = Applicable Rate x (n/N); 
(B) 
if “RAN(2)” is specified as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms: 
Rate of Interest = (Applicable Rate + Margin) x (n/N); 
(C) 
if “RAN(3)” is specified as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms: 
Rate of Interest = (Gearing Factor x Applicable Rate + Margin) x (n/N); 
(D) 
if “RAN(4)” is specified as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms: 
Rate of Interest = Min[Gearing Factor x Applicable Rate + Margin; Maximum Rate of Interest1] 
x (n/N); or 
(E) 
if “RAN(5)” is specified as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms: 
Rate of Interest = Max[Gearing Factor x Applicable Rate + Margin; Minimum Rate of Interest1] 
x (n/N); 
where:

--- Page 124 ---
121 
 
“Accrual Rate” has the meaning (expressed as a percentage) specified in the relevant Issue Terms, 
and may, if so specified in the relevant Issue Terms, be (x) an absolute value, (y) calculated based 
upon one or more Reference Rates, FX Rates and/or Floating Rates (as the case may be) or (z) a 
combination of (x) and (y); 
“Applicable Rate” has the meaning (expressed as a percentage) specified in the relevant Issue Terms, 
and may, if so specified in the relevant Issue Terms, be (x) an absolute value, (y) calculated based 
upon one or more Reference Rates and/or Floating Rate Options (as the case may be) or (z) a 
combination of (x) and (y); 
“Business Day” shall have the meaning set out in Condition 4(l), or such other meaning as may be 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms; 
“Fixing Day” means each calendar day during the relevant Interest Period, or such other day or days 
as may be specified in the relevant Issue Terms; 
“Gearing Factor” shall have the meaning specified in the relevant Issue Terms; 
“Margin”, “Minimum Rate of Interest1” and “Maximum Rate of Interest1” have the meaning specified 
in the relevant Issue Terms, and may, if so specified in the relevant Issue Terms, be (x) an absolute 
value, (y) calculated based upon one or more Reference Rates and/or Floating Rate Options (as the 
case may be) or (z) a combination of (x) and (y); 
“N” means the total number of Fixing Days in the relevant Interest Period; 
“n” means the number of Fixing Days where:  
(x) 
Range Accrual Condition1, as specified in the relevant Issue Terms, is satisfied; or 
(y) 
Range Accrual Condition1 and Range Accrual Condition2, as specified in the relevant 
Issue Terms, are satisfied; or 
(z) 
Range Accrual Condition1, Range Accrual Condition2 and Range Accrual Condition3, as 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms, are satisfied, 
provided that: 
(1) 
for any Fixing Day which is not a Business Day and which falls during the relevant 
Interest Period, the Accrual Rate for such day will be deemed to be the Accrual Rate as 
at the immediately preceding Business Day; and 
(2) 
for each Fixing Day following the Rate Cut-off Date, the Accrual Rate will be deemed to 
be the Accrual Rate as at the Rate Cut-off Date; 
“Range Accrual Condition1”, “Range Accrual Condition2” and “Range Accrual Condition3” means 
where: 
(1) 
(w) 
Reference Rate > Accrual Rate1; or 
(x) 
Reference Rate ≥ Accrual Rate1; 
and/or 
(y) 
Reference Rate < Accrual Rate2; or 
(z) 
Reference Rate ≤ Accrual Rate2; 
or

--- Page 125 ---
122 
 
(2) 
(w) 
(Gearing Factor1 x Floating Rate1) – (Gearing Factor2 x Floating Rate2) > Accrual Rate1; 
or 
(x) 
(Gearing Factor1 x Floating Rate1) – (Gearing Factor2 x Floating Rate2) ≥ Accrual Rate1; 
and/or 
(y) 
(Gearing Factor1 x Floating Rate1) – (Gearing Factor2 x Floating Rate2) < Accrual Rate2; 
or 
(z) 
(Gearing Factor1 x Floating Rate1) – (Gearing Factor2 x Floating Rate2) ≤ Accrual Rate2, 
in each case, as specified in the relevant Issue Terms. 
“Rate Cut-off Date” means the date that is five Fixing Days prior to the relevant Specified Interest 
Payment Date (or such other number of Fixing Days as may be specified in the relevant Issue Terms). 
 
Where “Screen Rate Determination” and/or “ISDA Determination” is/are specified to be 
applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the relevant provisions of Condition 4(b) shall apply as 
though references to Floating Rate Notes were references to Range Accrual Notes. 
(e) 
Interest on certain Exempt Notes 
This Condition 4(e) applies to Exempt Notes only.  
In the case of Dual Currency Notes, if the rate or amount of interest falls to be determined by reference 
to a Rate of Exchange or a method of calculating Rate of Exchange, the rate or amount of interest 
payable shall be determined in the manner specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
In the case of Partly Paid Notes (other than Partly Paid Notes which are Zero Coupon Notes), interest 
will accrue as aforesaid on the paid-up Nominal Amount of such Notes and otherwise as specified in 
the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
(f) 
Accrual of Interest 
Interest shall cease to accrue on each Note on the due date for redemption unless, upon due 
presentation, payment of principal is improperly withheld or refused, in which event interest (if any) 
shall continue to accrue (as well after as before judgment) at the Rate of Interest in the manner 
provided in this Condition 4 to the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 16(b)). 
(g) 
Margin, Maximum/Minimum Rates of Interest, Interest Amounts, Instalment Amounts, 
Final Redemption Amounts, Early Redemption Amounts  
(i) 
If any Margin is specified in the applicable Issue Terms (either (A) generally, or (B) in 
relation to one or more Interest Periods or Interest Accrual Periods), an adjustment 
shall be made to all Rates of Interest, in the case of (A), or the Rates of Interest for 
the specified Interest Periods or Interest Accrual Periods, in the case of (B), calculated 
in accordance with Condition 4(b) above by adding (if a positive number) or 
subtracting (if a negative number) the absolute value of such Margin, subject always 
to the next two paragraphs. 
(ii) 
If any Maximum Rate of Interest, Minimum Rate of Interest, Interest Amount, Accrual 
Amount, Instalment Amount (in respect of Exempt Notes only), Early Redemption 
Amount or Final Redemption Amount is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then 
any Rate of Interest, Interest Amount, Instalment Amount (in respect of Exempt Notes 
only), Early Redemption Amount or Final Redemption Amount shall be subject to such

--- Page 126 ---
123 
 
maximum or minimum, as the case may be, subject to the next paragraph.  For greater 
certainty, “Rate of Interest” here means the rate of interest after adjustment for the 
applicable Margin. Unless otherwise provided in the applicable Issue Terms, the 
Minimum Rate of Interest and/or Minimum Interest Amount shall be zero.   
(iii) 
In the case of a Rate of Interest/Interest Amount determined in accordance with 
Condition 4(b)(ii)(B)(z), where a different Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of 
Interest or Maximum or Minimum Interest Amount is to be applied to the next Interest 
Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the relevant 
Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest or Maximum or Minimum Interest 
Amount shall be that for the next Interest Period. 
(h) 
Linear Interpolation 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Accrual Period in the 
applicable Issue Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Accrual Period shall be calculated by the 
Calculation Agent by straight line linear interpolation by reference to two rates based on the relevant 
Reference Rate (where Screen Rate Determination is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms) or the relevant Floating Rate Option (where ISDA Determination is specified as applicable in 
the applicable Issue Terms), one of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the 
period of time for which rates are available next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period and the other of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of time 
for which rates are available next longer than the length of the relevant Interest Accrual Period provided 
however that if there is no rate available for a period of time next shorter or, as the case may be, next 
longer, then the Calculation Agent shall determine such rate at such time and by reference to such 
sources as it determines appropriate. 
“Designated Maturity” means, in relation to Screen Rate Determination, the period of time designated 
in the Reference Rate. 
(i) 
Calculations and Rounding 
The amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount in respect of any Note for any Interest Period 
or Interest Accrual Period shall be equal to the product of the Rate of Interest (adjusted as required by 
Condition 4(g)), the Calculation Amount specified in the applicable Issue Terms and the Day Count 
Fraction for such Interest Period or Interest Accrual Period, unless an Interest Amount is applicable to 
such Interest Accrual Period or unless otherwise specified in the Payout Conditions, in which case the 
amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount in respect of such Note for such period shall equal 
such Interest Amount or be calculated in accordance with the Payout Conditions.  Where any Interest 
Period comprises two or more Interest Accrual Periods, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the 
amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount in respect of such Interest Period shall be the sum 
of the Interest Amounts payable in respect of each of the relevant Interest Accrual Periods.  In respect 
of any other period for which interest is required to be calculated, the provisions above shall apply 
save that the Day Count Fraction shall be for the period for which interest is required to be calculated. 
Unless otherwise specified in any applicable Payout Condition, for the purposes of any calculations 
required pursuant to these Conditions (unless otherwise specified), (A) all percentages resulting from 
such calculations shall be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a 
percentage point (with halves being rounded up), (B) all figures shall be rounded to seven significant 
figures (with halves being rounded up) and (C) all currency amounts that fall due and payable shall be 
rounded to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency (with halves being rounded up or 
otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention save in the case of Japanese yen (“Yen”), 
which shall be rounded down to the nearest sub-unit).  
For these purposes “sub-unit” means with respect to any currency other than the euro, the lowest 
amount of such currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with 
respect to euro, means 0.01 euro.

--- Page 127 ---
124 
 
(j) 
Business Day Conventions 
If any date referred to in these Conditions or in the applicable Issue Terms that is specified to be 
subject to adjustment in accordance with a Business Day Convention would otherwise fall on a day 
that is not a Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is: 
(i) 
the Floating Rate Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the 
next day that is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar 
month, in which event (x) such date shall be brought forward to the immediately 
preceding Business Day and (y) each subsequent such date shall be the last Business 
Day of the month in which such date would have fallen had it not been subject to 
adjustment,  
(ii)  
the Following Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next 
day that is a Business Day,  
(iii)  
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed 
to the next day that is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar 
month, in which event such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding 
Business Day, or  
(iv)  
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day. 
(k) 
Determination and Publication of Rates of Interest, Interest Amounts, Final Redemption 
Amounts, Early Redemption Amounts, Optional Redemption Amounts and Instalment 
Amounts 
The Calculation Agent shall as soon as practicable on each Interest Determination Date, or such other 
time on each such date as the Calculation Agent may be required to calculate any rate or amount, 
obtain any quote or make any determination or calculation, determine such rates and calculate the 
Interest Amounts for the relevant Interest Period or Interest Accrual Period, calculate the Final 
Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount, Optional Redemption Amount, Autocall Cash 
Settlement Amount or Instalment Amount (in respect of Exempt Notes only), obtain such quote or 
make such determination or calculation, as the case may be, and cause the Rate of Interest and the 
Interest Amounts for each Interest Accrual Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date, Final 
Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount, Optional Redemption Amount, Autocall Cash 
Settlement Amount or any Instalment Amount (in respect of Exempt Notes only) to be notified to the 
Fiscal Agent, the Issuer, each of the Paying Agents, the Noteholders, any other Calculation Agent 
appointed in respect of the Notes that is to make a further calculation upon receipt of such information 
and, if the Notes are listed on a stock exchange and the rules of such exchange so require, such 
exchange as soon as possible after their determination but in no event later than (i) the commencement 
of the relevant Interest Period, if determined prior to such time, in the case of notification to such 
exchange of a Rate of Interest and Interest Amount, or (ii) where the Reference Rate is SONIA, two 
London Business Days after such determination, or (iii) in all other cases, the fourth Business Day 
after such determination. Where any Interest Payment Date is subject to adjustment pursuant to 
Condition 4(j), the Interest Amounts and the Interest Payment Date so published may subsequently 
be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) without notice in 
the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period.  The determination of any rate or amount, 
the obtaining of each quote and the making of each determination or calculation by the Calculation 
Agent(s) shall (in the absence of manifest error) be final and binding upon all parties. 
(l) 
Definitions 
In these Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined terms shall have the 
meanings set out below:

--- Page 128 ---
125 
 
“Business Day” means:  
(i) 
in the case of a Specified Currency other than euro, a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) 
on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the 
principal financial centre for such currency (which, if the Specified Currency is Australian 
dollars or New Zealand dollars, shall be Sydney or Auckland, respectively) and each other 
place (if any) specified in the applicable Issue Terms as a Business Centre; and/or 
(ii) 
in the case of euro, a TARGET Business Day and a day on which commercial banks are open 
for business in each place (if any) specified in the applicable Issue Terms as a Business 
Centre. 
Unless otherwise provided in the applicable Issue Terms, the principal financial centre of any country 
for the purpose of these Conditions shall be as provided in the ISDA Definitions (except that if the 
Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars, the principal financial centre shall be 
Sydney or Auckland, respectively).  
“Calculation Agent” shall have the meaning specified in the applicable Issue Terms.  
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any Note for 
any period of time (whether or not constituting an Interest Period or Interest Accrual Period, the 
“Calculation Period”): 
(i) 
if “Actual/Actual” or “Actual/Actual (ISDA)” is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the 
actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of the 
Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion 
of the Calculation Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of 
days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(ii) 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” or is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the actual number of days 
in the Calculation Period divided by 365; 
(iii) 
if “Actual/Actual(ICMA)” is specified in the applicable Issue Terms:  
(A) 
if the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during 
which it falls, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the product of 
(x) the number of days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of Interest 
Payment Dates that would occur in one calendar year assuming interest was to be 
payable in respect of the whole of that year; or 
(B) 
if the Calculation Period is longer than the Determination Period, the sum of:(x) the 
number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Determination Period in which 
it begins divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such Determination Period 
and (2) the number of Interest Payment Dates that would occur in one calendar year 
assuming interest was to be payable in respect of the whole of that year; and (y) the 
number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next Determination Period 
divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such Determination Period and (2) 
the number of Interest Payment Dates that would occur in one calendar year assuming 
interest was to be payable in respect of the whole of that year, 
(iv) 
if “Actual/360” is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360; 
(v) 
if “Actual/365 Sterling” is specified in the Issue Terms, the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 365, or in the case of an Interest Payment Date falling in a leap 
year, 366 
(vi) 
“30/360”, “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the number of 
days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows:

--- Page 129 ---
126 
 
Day Count Fraction = [360x(Y2 – Y1)] + [30x(M2 – M1)] + (D2 – D1) 
360 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, and D1 is greater 
than 29, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(vii) 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the number of 
days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = [360x(Y2 – Y1)] + [30x(M2 – M1)] + (D2 – D1) 
360 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
‘‘D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will 
be 30; 
(viii) 
if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = [360x(Y2 – Y1)] + [30x(M2 – M1)] + (D2 – D1) 
360 
where:

--- Page 130 ---
127 
 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless (i) 
that day is the last day of February or (ii)  such number would be 31, in which case D1 will 
be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not 
the Maturity Date or (ii)  such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; 
(ix) 
if “30/360 (Fixed)” is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the number of days in the period 
from and including the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to but excluding the relevant payment date (such number of days being 
calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days consisting of twelve months of 30 days each) 
divided by 360; and 
(x) 
if “1/1” is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, one. 
“Designee” means a designee as selected and separately appointed by the Issuer in writing as 
designee for the Notes and includes any affiliate of the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or a calculation 
agent appointed as such.  
“Determination Date” means such dates as specified in the applicable Issue Terms.  
“Determination Period” means the period from and including a Determination Date in any year to but 
excluding the next Determination Date (including, where either the Interest Commencement Date or 
the final Interest Payment Date is not a Determination Date, the period commencing on the first 
Determination Date prior to, and ending on the first Determination Date falling after, such date). 
“Euro-zone” means the region comprised of member states of the European Union that participate in 
the single currency in accordance with the Treaty establishing the European Community as amended 
by the Treaty on European Union. 
“Interest Accrual Period” means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement 
Date and ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Period Date and each successive period beginning 
on (and including) an Interest Period Date and ending on (but excluding) the next succeeding Interest 
Period Date and in respect of Notes where SONIA, SOFR, €STR or SARON is specified as the 
Reference Rate in the applicable Issue Terms, also means such other period (if any) in respect of 
which interest is to be calculated being the period from (and including) the first day of such period to 
(but excluding) the day on which the relevant payment of interest falls due (which, in the case of the 
scheduled final or early redemption of any Notes, shall be such redemption date) and in other cases 
where the relevant Floating Rate Notes become due and payable in accordance with Condition 18, 
shall be the date on which such Floating Rate Notes become due and payable.  
“Interest Amount” means the amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount calculated in 
accordance with Condition 4(j) or as specified in the applicable Issue Terms, and in the case of Fixed 
Rate Notes, shall mean the Fixed Coupon Amount(s) and/or Broken Amount(s), if any, specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms.

--- Page 131 ---
128 
 
“Interest Commencement Date” means the Issue Date or such other date as may be specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms. 
“Interest Determination Date” means, with respect to a Rate of Interest and Interest Period or Interest 
Accrual Period, the date specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms or, if none is so specified, (i) 
the first day of such period if the Specified Currency is sterling and the Reference Rate is not SONIA 
or (ii) the day falling two Business Days in London prior to the first day of such period if the Specified 
Currency is not sterling or euro or (iii) the day falling two TARGET Business Days prior to the first day 
of such period if the Specified Currency is euro. 
“Interest Period” means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement Date 
and ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Payment Date and each successive period beginning 
on (and including) an Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next succeeding 
Interest Payment Date or the Maturity Date, as applicable. 
“Interest Period Date” means each Interest Payment Date unless otherwise specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms. 
“ISDA Definitions” means the 2006 ISDA Definitions as published by the International Swaps and 
Derivatives Association, Inc., or any successor thereto, as amended, supplemented and updated as 
at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of Notes of the relevant Series, unless otherwise specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, or any successor definitional booklet for interest rate derivatives published 
from time to time;  
“ISDA Agreement” means the 2002 ISDA Master Agreement as published by the International Swaps 
and Derivatives Association, Inc., as amended, supplemented and updated as at the Issue Date of the 
first Tranche of Notes of the relevant Series, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
“Nominal Amount” means the Nominal Amount specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
“Principal Protected” means, in respect of a Series to which a Principal Protected is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the Notes will be redeemed at the Maturity Date at a Final 
Redemption Amount equal to 100 per cent. of the Calculation Amount.  For the avoidance of doubt, 
the protection of principal does not apply if the Notes are redeemed prior to the stated Maturity Date 
or sold by an investor prior to the stated Maturity Date. 
“Protection Amount” means, in respect of a Series to which a Protection Amount is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, that the Final Redemption Amount will, subject to the 
applicable Issue Terms, in no circumstances be repayable at the stated Maturity Date, at less than the 
Protection Amount specified in the applicable Issue Terms.  For the avoidance of doubt, the Protection 
Amount will not apply in the event that Notes are redeemed prior to their stated Maturity Date or upon 
the occurrence of an early redemption for taxation reasons, an Index Adjustment Event, a Potential 
Adjustment Event, or an Event of Default. 
“Range Accrual Note” means a Note in respect of which the amount of interest is calculated by 
reference to Condition 4(d). 
“Rate of Interest” means the rate of interest payable from time to time in respect of this Note and that 
is either specified or calculated in accordance with the Conditions. 
“Reference Banks” means, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Issue Terms, in the case of a 
determination of EURIBOR, the principal Euro-zone office of four major banks in the Euro-zone inter-
bank market, and in the case of a determination of any other Reference Rate, four leading banks in 
the relevant jurisdiction that are engaged in the relevant inter-bank market or debt securities market, 
in each case as selected by the Issuer, and, in each case, which are not affiliated with the Issuer. 
“Reference Rate” means the rate specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
“Relevant Determination Date” means the day which is two relevant Business Days before the due 
date for any payment of the relevant amount under these Conditions.

--- Page 132 ---
129 
 
“Relevant Screen Page” means such page, section, caption, column or other part of a particular 
information service as may be specified in the applicable Issue Terms, or such other page, section, 
caption, column or other part as may replace it on that information service or on such other information 
service, in each case as may be nominated by the person or organization providing or sponsoring the 
information appearing there for the purpose of displaying rates or prices comparable to that Reference 
Rate. 
“Specified Currency” means the currency specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms or, if none 
is specified, the currency in which the Notes are denominated. 
“TARGET2 System” means the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express 
Transfer payment system which utilizes a single shared platform and which was launched on 19 
November 2007. 
“TARGET Business Day” means any day on which the TARGET2 System is open for the settlement 
of payments in euro. 
(m) 
Calculation Agent 
The Issuer shall procure that there shall at all times be one or more Calculation Agents if provision is 
made for them in the applicable Issue Terms and for so long as any Note is outstanding. The Fiscal 
Agent shall not be appointed as Calculation Agent without its prior consent.  Where more than one 
Calculation Agent is appointed in respect of the Notes, references in these Conditions to the 
Calculation Agent shall be construed as each Calculation Agent performing its respective duties under 
the Conditions. If the Calculation Agent is unable or unwilling to act as such or if the Calculation Agent 
fails duly to establish the Rate of Interest for an Interest Period or Interest Accrual Period or to calculate 
any Interest Amount, Instalment Amount (in respect of Exempt Notes only) or the Final Redemption 
Amount, Early Redemption Amount, Optional Redemption Amount or Autocall Cash Settlement 
Amount (as the case may be) or to comply with any other requirement, the Issuer shall appoint a 
leading bank or investment banking firm engaged in the interbank market (or, if appropriate, money, 
swap, over-the-counter index options, commodities or commodities-related market or exchange) that 
is most closely connected with the calculation or determination to be made by the Calculation Agent 
(acting through its principal London office or any other office actively involved in such market) to act 
as such in its place. The Calculation Agent may not resign its duties without a successor having been 
appointed as aforesaid. 
The determination of each Rate of Interest, Interest Amount, Final Redemption Amount and Instalment 
Amount (in respect of Exempt Notes only), the obtaining of each quote and the making of each 
determination or calculation by the Calculation Agent shall (in the absence of manifest error) be final 
and binding upon the Issuer and the Holders and neither the Calculation Agent nor any Reference 
Bank shall have any liability to the Holders in respect of any determination, calculation, quote or rate 
made or provided by it. 
(n) 
Benchmark Discontinuation 
(A) 
Benchmark Discontinuation – Independent Adviser 
If Benchmark Discontinuation – Independent Adviser is specified as applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms the following provisions apply. 
(i) 
Independent Adviser 
If a Benchmark Transition Event occurs in relation to an Original Reference Rate when any Rate of 
Interest (or any component part thereof) remains to be determined by reference to such Original 
Reference Rate, then the Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint and consult with an 
Independent Adviser, as soon as reasonably practicable, with a view to the Issuer determining a 
Successor Rate, failing which an Alternative Rate (in accordance with Condition 4(n)(ii)) and, in either 
case, an Adjustment Spread if any (in accordance with Condition 4(n)(iii)) and any Benchmark 
Amendments (in accordance with Condition 4(n)(iv)).

--- Page 133 ---
130 
 
Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under Condition 4(n)(A) (i), (ii), (iii) and (iv), if (A) the 
Issuer is unable to determine a Successor Rate, failing which an Alternative Rate (in accordance with 
Condition 4(n)(A)(ii)) and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread if any; or (B) the Independent Advisor 
appointed by it fails to determine a Successor Rate or, failing which an Alternative Rate, and any 
related Benchmark Amendments the Original Reference Rate and the fallback provisions provided for 
in Conditions 4(b)(2)(B) will continue to apply unless and until the Calculation Agent has been notified 
of the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be), and any Adjustment Spread (if 
applicable) and Benchmark Amendments, in accordance with Condition 4(n)(A)(v).  
An Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 4(n)(A) shall act in good faith as an 
expert and (in the absence of bad faith or fraud) shall have no liability whatsoever to the Issuer, the 
Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents, the Noteholders or the Couponholders for any determination made 
by it or for any advice given to the Issuer in connection with any determination made by the Issuer, 
pursuant to this Condition 4(n)(A).  
(ii) 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
If the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting in good faith, determines 
that: 
(A) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate shall (subject to adjustment as 
provided in Condition 4(n)(A)(iii)) subsequently be used in place of the Original 
Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part 
thereof) for all future payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the operation of this 
Condition 4(n)(A)); or 
(B) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such Alternative 
Rate shall (subject to adjustment as provided in Condition 4(n)(A)(iii)) subsequently be 
used in place of the Original Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or the 
relevant component part thereof) for all future payments of interest on the Notes (subject 
to the operation of this Condition 4(n)(A)).  
(iii) 
Adjustment Spread 
An Adjustment Spread (which may be positive, negative or zero) shall be applied to the Successor 
Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and the Issuer, in consultation with the Independent 
Adviser, if any, and acting in good faith shall determine the quantum of, or a formula or methodology 
for determining such Adjustment Spread (which may be positive, negative or zero) and such 
Adjustment Spread shall be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may 
be). 
(iv) 
Benchmark Amendments  
If any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and any applicable Adjustment Spread is determined in 
accordance with this Condition 4(n)(A) and the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent 
Adviser and acting in good faith, determines (i) that amendments to these Conditions and/or the 
Agency Agreement are necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate and any applicable Adjustment Spread (such amendments, the “Benchmark 
Amendments”) and (ii) the terms of the Benchmark Amendments, then the Issuer shall, subject to 
giving notice thereof in accordance with Condition 4(n)(A)(v), without any requirement for the consent 
or approval of Noteholders, vary these Conditions and/or the Agency Agreement to give effect to such 
Benchmark Amendments (provided  that  the  Benchmark  Amendments  do  not,  without  the  prior 
agreement (which shall not be unreasonably withheld) of each Paying Agent, Transfer Agent or the 
Calculation 
Agent, 
as 
applicable, 
have 
the 
effect 
of 
increasing 
the  obligations  or  duties,  or  decreasing  the  rights  or  protections,  of  each  Paying  Agent, 
Transfer Agent  or  the Calculation Agent under these Conditions and/or the Agency Agreement) with 
effect from the date specified in such notice.

--- Page 134 ---
131 
 
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition 4(n)(A)(iv), the Issuer shall 
comply with the rules of any stock exchange on which the Notes are for the time being listed or admitted 
to trading. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 4(n)(A), no Successor Rate, Alternative Rate 
or  Adjustment Spread will be adopted, nor will any other amendments of the terms and conditions of 
any Series of Notes be made to effect the Benchmark Amendments if and to the extent that, in the 
determination of the Issuer, the same could reasonably be expected to either (a) prejudice the 
qualification of the relevant Series of Bail-inable Notes as total loss absorbing capacity (“TLAC”) or 
(b) result in the Superintendent treating the next Interest Payment Date or Reset Date, as the case 
may be, as the effective maturity of the Series of Notes, rather than the relevant Maturity Date, except 
with the prior approval of the Superintendent. 
(v) 
Notices, etc. 
Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of any Benchmark 
Amendments, determined under this Condition 4(n)(A) will be notified promptly by the Issuer to the 
Fiscal Agent and the Calculation Agent and, in accordance with Condition 22, the Noteholders. Such 
notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the effective date of the Benchmark Amendments, if any.  
No later than one Business Day following the date of notifying the Fiscal Agent of the same, the Issuer 
shall deliver to the Fiscal Agent a certificate signed by two authorized signatories of the Issuer: 
(A) 
confirming (i) that a Benchmark Transition Event has occurred, (ii) the Successor Rate 
or, as the case may be, the Alternative Rate and, (iii) where applicable, any Adjustment 
Spread and/or the specific terms of any Benchmark Amendments, in each case as 
determined in accordance with the provisions of this Condition 4(n)(A); and 
(B) 
certifying that the Benchmark Amendments are necessary to ensure the proper 
operation of such Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment Spread. 
The Fiscal Agent shall display such certificate at its offices for inspection by the Noteholders at all 
reasonable times during normal business hours. 
The Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread (if any) and the Benchmark 
Amendments (if any) specified in such certificate will (in the absence of manifest error or bad faith in 
the determination of the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread (if any) and 
the Benchmark Amendments (if any)) be binding on the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent, 
the Paying Agents and the Noteholders. 
(vi) 
Definitions: 
As used in this Condition 4(n)(A): 
“Adjustment Spread” means either a spread (which may be positive, negative or zero), or the formula 
or methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, which the Issuer, following consultation with 
the Independent Adviser and acting in good faith, determines is required to be applied to the Successor 
Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably 
practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) to 
Noteholders and Couponholders as a result of the replacement of the Original Reference Rate with 
the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and is the spread, formula or 
methodology which: 
(A) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the 
replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant 
Nominating Body; or (if no such recommendation has been made, or in the case of an 
Alternative Rate);  
(B) 
the Issuer determines, following consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting 
in good faith, is customarily applied to the relevant Successor Rate or the Alternative

--- Page 135 ---
132 
 
Rate (as the case may be) in international debt capital markets transactions to 
produce an industry-accepted replacement rate for the Original Reference Rate;  
(C) 
if the Issuer determines that no such spread is customarily applied in international 
debt capital markets transactions, The Issuer determines, following consultation with 
the Independent Adviser and acting in good faith, is recognised or acknowledged as 
being the industry standard for over-the-counter derivative transactions which 
reference the Original Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be);  
(D) 
is recognised or acknowledged as being the industry standard for over-the-counter 
derivative transactions which reference the Original Reference Rate, where such rate 
has been replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may 
be); (or if the Issuer determines that no such industry standard is recognised or 
acknowledged); or 
(E) 
the Issuer, in its discretion, following consultation with the Independent Adviser and 
acting in good faith, determines to be appropriate. 
“Alternative Rate” means an alternative to the Reference Rate which the Issuer determines in 
accordance with Condition 4(n)(A)(ii) has replaced the Original Reference Rate in customary market 
usage in the international debt capital markets for the purposes of determining rates of interest (or the 
relevant component part thereof) for the same interest period and in the same Specified Currency as 
the Notes. 
“Benchmark Amendments” has the meaning given to it in Condition 4(n)(A)(iv). 
“Benchmark Transition Event” in this Condition 4(n)(A) means:   
(A) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing be published for a period of at least five Business 
Days or ceasing to exist; or 
(B) 
a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that it has 
ceased or that it will cease publishing the Original Reference Rate permanently or 
indefinitely and no successor administrator has been appointed that will continue 
publication of the Original Reference Rate; or 
(C) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference 
Rate that the Original Reference Rate has been or will be permanently or indefinitely 
discontinued; or 
(D) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference 
Rate that means the Original Reference Rate is no longer representative of its relevant 
underlying market or will be prohibited from being used or that its use will be subject 
to restrictions or adverse consequences; or 
(E) 
it has become unlawful for any Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent or the Issuer to 
calculate any payments due to be made to any Noteholder using the Original 
Reference Rate 
provided that in the case of paragraphs (B) to (D) above, a Benchmark Transition Event shall 
occur on the date of cessation, discontinuation or prohibition of use of the Original Reference 
Rate as set out in the public statement. 
“Independent Adviser” means an independent financial institution of international repute or an 
independent financial adviser with appropriate expertise appointed by the Issuer under Condition 
4(n)(A)(i). 
“Original Reference Rate” means either (i) the originally-specified Reference Rate used to determine 
the Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) on the Notes or (ii) any Successor or Alternative

--- Page 136 ---
133 
 
Rate which replaces the originally specified Reference Rate pursuant to the operations of this 
Condition 4(n)(A). 
“Relevant Nominating Body” means, in respect of a Reference Rate: 
(A) 
the central bank, reserve bank, monetary authority or similar institution for the 
currency to which the Reference Rate relates, or the central bank or other supervisory 
authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of the Reference Rate; 
or 
(B) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted 
at the request of (w) the central bank, reserve bank, monetary authority or similar 
institution for the currency to which the Reference Rate relates, (x) the central bank 
or similar institution or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising 
the administrator of the Reference Rate, (y) a group of the aforementioned central 
banks or other supervisory authorities or (z) the Financial Stability Board or any part 
thereof. 
“Successor Rate” means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate which is 
formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
(B) 
Benchmark Discontinuation – Compounded SOFR or Weighted Average SOFR 
If Benchmark Discontinuation – Independent Adviser is specified as applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms the following provisions apply. 
(i) 
If the Issuer or its Designee (which term includes any affiliate of the Issuer, the Calculation 
Agent or a calculation agent) determines on or prior to the relevant Reference Time that a 
Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with 
respect to the then-current Benchmark, the Benchmark Replacement will replace the then-
current Benchmark for all purposes relating to SOFR Notes in respect of all determinations on 
such date and for all determinations on all subsequent dates. 
In connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement, the Issuer or its 
Designee will have the right to make Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes from time 
to time. 
Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Issuer or its Designee 
pursuant to this section, including any determination with respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment 
or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to 
take or refrain from taking any action or any selection: 
(1) 
will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error; 
(2) 
will be made in the Issuer’s or its Designee’s sole discretion, as applicable; and 
(3) 
notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the documentation relating to the SOFR 
Notes, shall become effective without consent from the Holders or any other party. 
(ii) 
As used in this Condition 4(n)(B): 
“Benchmark” means, initially, the Rate of Interest (Compounded SOFR or Weighted Average 
SOFR, as applicable) as specified in the applicable Issue Terms, as such terms are defined 
above; provided that if the Issuer or its Designee determines on or prior to the Reference Time 
that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have 
occurred with respect to the Rate of Interest (or the published daily SOFR used in the 
calculation thereof) or the then-current Benchmark, then “Benchmark” means the applicable 
Benchmark Replacement.

--- Page 137 ---
134 
 
“Benchmark Replacement” means the first alternative set forth in the order below that can 
be determined by the Issuer or its Designee as of the Benchmark Replacement Date. 
(1) 
the sum of: (a) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected or recommended 
by the Relevant Governmental Body as the replacement for the then-current 
Benchmark and (b) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 
(2) 
the sum of: (a) the ISDA Fallback Rate and (b) the Benchmark Replacement 
Adjustment; or 
(3) 
the sum of: (a) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected by the Issuer or its 
Designee as the replacement for the then-current Benchmark giving due 
consideration to any industry-accepted rate of interest as a replacement for the then-
current Benchmark for U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate notes at such time and 
(b) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
“Benchmark Replacement Adjustment” means the first alternative set forth in the order 
below that can be determined by the Issuer or its Designee as of the Benchmark Replacement 
Date: 
(1) 
the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread 
adjustment, (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been selected 
or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body for the applicable Unadjusted 
Benchmark Replacement; 
(2) 
if the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement is equivalent to the ISDA 
Fallback Rate, the ISDA Fallback Adjustment; or 
(3) 
the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has 
been selected by the Issuer or its Designee giving due consideration to any industry-
accepted spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread 
adjustment, for the replacement of the then-current Benchmark with the applicable 
Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate notes 
at such time. 
“Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes” means, with respect to any Benchmark 
Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes (including changes to the 
timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest, rounding of 
amounts or tenors, and other administrative matters) that the Issuer or its Designee decides 
may be appropriate to reflect the adoption of such Benchmark Replacement in a manner 
substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Issuer or its Designee decides that 
adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the Issuer 
or its Designee determines that no market practice for use of the Benchmark Replacement 
exists, in such other manner as the Issuer or its Designee determines is reasonably 
necessary). 
“Benchmark Replacement Date” means the earliest to occur of the following events with 
respect to the then-current Benchmark (including the daily published component used in the 
calculation thereof): 
(1) 
in the case of clause (1) or (2) of the definition of “Benchmark Transition Event,” the 
later of (a) the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced 
therein and (b) the date on which the administrator of the Benchmark permanently or 
indefinitely ceases to provide the Benchmark (or such component); or 
(2) 
in the case of clause (3) of the definition of “Benchmark Transition Event,” the date of 
the public statement or publication of information referenced therein. 
For the avoidance of doubt, if the event that gives rise to the Benchmark Replacement Date 
occurs on the same day as, but earlier than, the Reference Time in respect of any

--- Page 138 ---
135 
 
determination, the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred prior to the 
Reference Time for such determination. 
“Benchmark Transition Event” means the occurrence of one or more of the following events 
with respect to the then-current Benchmark (including the daily published component used in 
the calculation thereof): 
(1) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of 
the Benchmark (or such component) announcing that such administrator has ceased 
or will cease to provide the Benchmark (or such component), permanently or 
indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no 
successor administrator that will continue to provide the Benchmark (or such 
component); or 
(2) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the 
administrator of the Benchmark (or such component), the central bank for the currency 
of the Benchmark (or such component), an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the 
administrator for the Benchmark (or such component), a resolution authority with 
jurisdiction over the administrator for the Benchmark (or such component) or a court 
or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator for 
the Benchmark, which states that the administrator of the Benchmark (or such 
component) has ceased or will cease to provide the Benchmark (or such component) 
permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, 
there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide the Benchmark (or 
such component); or 
(3) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the 
administrator of the Benchmark announcing that the Benchmark is no longer 
representative. 
“ISDA Fallback Adjustment” means the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or 
negative value or zero) that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing the ISDA 
Definitions to be determined upon the occurrence of an index cessation event with respect to 
the Benchmark. 
“ISDA Fallback Rate” means the rate that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing 
the ISDA Definitions to be effective upon the occurrence of an index cessation date with 
respect to the Benchmark for the applicable tenor excluding the applicable ISDA Fallback 
Adjustment. 
“Reference Time” with respect to any determination of the Benchmark means (1) if the 
Benchmark is Compounded SOFR or Weighted Average SOFR, the SOFR Determination 
Time, and (2) if the Benchmark is not Compounded SOFR or Weighted Average SOFR, the 
time determined by the Issuer or its Designee after giving effect to the Benchmark 
Replacement Conforming Changes. 
“Relevant Governmental Body” means the Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal 
Reserve Bank of New York, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Federal 
Reserve Board and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York or any successor thereto. 
“Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement” means the Benchmark Replacement excluding the 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
(o) 
Interest on Zero Coupon Notes 
As from the Maturity Date, the Rate of Interest for any overdue principal of a Zero Coupon Note shall 
be a rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Amortization Yield (as defined in 
Condition 5(b)(i)(B)).

--- Page 139 ---
136 
 
5. 
Redemption, 
Purchase, 
Options 
and 
Regulatory 
Conversion, 
Variation 
or 
Extinguishment 
(a) 
Redemption by Instalments and Final Redemption 
(i) 
This Condition 5(a) applies to Exempt Notes only. Unless previously redeemed or purchased 
and cancelled as provided in this Condition 5, each Exempt Note that provides for Instalment 
Dates and Instalment Amounts shall be partially redeemed on each Instalment Date at the 
related Instalment Amount specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement. The outstanding 
Nominal Amount of each such Exempt Note shall be reduced by the Instalment Amount (or, if 
such Instalment Amount is calculated by reference to a proportion of the Nominal Amount of 
such Exempt Note, such proportion) for all purposes with effect from the related Instalment 
Date, unless payment of the Instalment Amount is improperly withheld or refused on 
presentation of the related Receipt, in which case, such amount shall remain outstanding until 
the Relevant Date relating to such Instalment Amount. 
(ii) 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as provided below, each Note other 
than a Reference Item Linked Note shall be finally redeemed on the Maturity Date specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms at its Final Redemption Amount or, in the case of an Exempt Note 
falling within paragraph (i) above, its final Instalment Amount.   
(iii) 
The basis for calculation of the amount payable upon a Reference Item Linked Note becoming 
due and payable shall be determined in accordance with the relevant payout condition in 
Condition 28 (the “Payout Conditions”) as specified in the applicable Issue Terms or, in the 
case of Exempt Notes only, as otherwise set out in the applicable Pricing Supplement (such 
amount, the “Redemption Amount”), failing which the Final Redemption Amount of such Note 
shall be its Nominal Amount.   
(iv) 
In the case of Reference Item Linked Notes, if Protection Amount is specified as applicable in 
the applicable Issue Terms, the Final Redemption Amount paid on the Maturity Date of such 
Note shall not be less than the Protection Amount.  
(b) 
Early Redemption  
(i) 
Zero Coupon Notes 
(A) 
The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note, the Early 
Redemption Amount of which is not linked to an index and/or a formula, upon 
redemption of such Note pursuant to Condition 5(c) or upon it becoming due and 
payable as provided in Condition 18 shall be the Amortized Face Amount (as defined 
below) of such Note. 
(B) 
Subject to the provisions of sub-paragraph (C) below, the Amortized Face Amount of 
any such Note shall be equal to the scheduled Final Redemption Amount of such Note 
on the Maturity Date discounted at a rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) 
equal to the Amortization Yield (as specified in the applicable Issue Terms or if none 
is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the Amortization Yield shall be such rate 
as would produce an Amortized Face Amount equal to the issue price of the Notes if 
the Final Redemption Amount were discounted back at such rate from the Maturity 
Date to the Issue Date) compounded annually. 
(C) 
If the Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any such Note upon its 
redemption pursuant to Condition 5(c) or upon it becoming due and payable as 
provided in Condition 18 is not paid when due, the Early Redemption Amount due and 
payable in respect of such Note shall be the Amortized Face Amount of such Note as 
defined in sub-paragraph (B) above, except that such sub-paragraph shall have effect 
as though the reference therein to the date on which the Note becomes due and 
payable were replaced by a reference to the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 
16(b)). The calculation of the Amortized Face Amount in accordance with this 
subparagraph shall continue to be made (both before and after judgment) until the

--- Page 140 ---
137 
 
Relevant Date, unless the Relevant Date falls on or after the Maturity Date, in which 
case the amount due and payable shall be the scheduled Final Redemption Amount 
of such Note on the Maturity Date together with any interest that may accrue in 
accordance with Condition 4(o). 
Where any such calculation is to be made for a period of less than one year, it shall 
be made on the basis of the Day Count Fraction specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms. 
(ii) 
Reference Item Linked Notes  
In the case of a Reference Item Linked Note, the Early Redemption Amount in respect of each nominal 
amount of such Notes equal to the Calculation Amount will be determined in accordance with the 
relevant Payout Conditions as specified in the applicable Issue Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes 
only, as otherwise set out in the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
(iii) 
Other Notes 
The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Note (other than the Notes described in (i) 
and (ii) above), upon redemption of such Note pursuant to Condition 5(c) or upon it becoming due and 
payable as provided in Condition 18 shall be the Final Redemption Amount unless otherwise specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms. 
(c) 
Redemption for Taxation Reasons 
The Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part, on any Interest 
Payment Date (if this Note is a Floating Rate Note, Range Accrual Note, Index Linked Note, Equity 
Linked Note, Commodity Linked Note or other Reference Item Linked Note) or at any time (if this Note 
is not a Floating Rate Note, Range Accrual Note, Index Linked Note, Equity Linked Note, Commodity 
Linked Note or other Reference Item Linked Note), on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ 
notice to the Noteholders, at their Early Redemption Amount as described in Condition 5(b) above, 
together with interest accrued, if any, to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption, if (x) the Issuer 
has or will become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in Condition 16 as a 
result of (i) any change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of Canada or, in the case of Notes 
issued by CIBC acting through a Branch of Account outside Canada, of the country in which such 
Branch of Account is located, or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having 
power to tax, or any change in the application or official interpretation of such laws or regulations, 
which change or amendment becomes effective on or after the date on which agreement is reached 
to issue the relevant Tranche of the Notes, or (ii) any payment or deemed payment as determined for 
United States tax purposes with respect to the Notes or with respect to a direct or indirect hedging 
arrangement entered into by the Issuer or any of its Affiliates relating to the Notes being treated as a 
dividend or “dividend equivalent” for United States tax purposes and (y) such obligation cannot be 
avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to it, provided that no such notice of 
redemption shall be given earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest date on which the Issuer would be 
obliged to pay such additional amounts were a payment in respect of the Notes then due and provided 
further that in respect of Bail-inable Notes where such redemption would lead to a breach of the 
Issuer’s TLAC requirements, such redemption will be subject to the prior approval of the 
Superintendent. Before the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this paragraph, the 
Issuer shall deliver to the Fiscal Agent a certificate signed by two directors or senior officers of the 
Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth a statement of facts 
showing that the conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer so to redeem have occurred, and an 
opinion of independent legal advisers of recognized standing to the effect that the Issuer has or may 
become obliged to pay such additional amounts as a result of such change or amendment. 
Any notice of redemption given by the Issuer under this Condition 5(c) shall be irrevocable, except that 
in the case of Bail-inable Notes an order under subsection 39.13(1) of the CDIC Act, prior to the date 
fixed for redemption, shall automatically rescind such notice of redemption and, in such circumstances, 
such Bail-inable Notes shall not be redeemed on an Optional Repayment Date and no payment in 
respect of the rescinded redemption shall be due and payable.  Bail-inable Notes continue to be subject 
to a Bail-in Conversion (as defined below) prior to their repayment in full.

--- Page 141 ---
138 
 
(d) 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer (“Call Option”) 
If a Call Option is specified as applying in the applicable Issue Terms, the Issuer may on giving not 
less than 10 nor more than 30 days’ notice to the Noteholders (or such other notice period as may be 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms) in accordance with Condition 22 redeem all or, if so provided, 
some, of the Notes on any Optional Redemption Date, provided that in respect of Bail-inable Noes 
where such redemption would lead to a breach of the Issuer’s TLAC requirements, such redemption 
will be subject to the prior approval of the Superintendent. Any such redemption of Notes shall be at 
their Optional Redemption Amount, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms, together with interest 
accrued, if any, to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption. 
All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed, or the Issuer’s option shall 
be exercised, on the date specified in such notice in accordance with this Condition. 
In the case of a partial redemption or a partial exercise of an Issuer’s option, the notice to Noteholders 
shall also contain the certificate numbers of the Bearer Notes, or in the case of Registered Notes shall 
specify the nominal amount of Registered Notes drawn and the Holder(s) of such Registered Notes, 
to be redeemed or in respect of which such option has been exercised, which shall have been drawn 
in such place and in such manner as may be fair and reasonable in the circumstances, taking account 
of prevailing market practices, subject to compliance with any applicable laws and stock exchange 
requirements. So long as the Notes are listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s Euro MTF Market 
and the rules of that stock exchange so require, the Issuer shall, once in each year in which there has 
been a partial redemption of the Notes, cause to be published in a leading newspaper of general 
circulation in London a notice specifying the aggregate Nominal Amount of Notes outstanding and a 
list of the Notes drawn for redemption but not surrendered. 
Any such redemption must relate to Notes of a Nominal Amount at least equal to the Minimum 
Redemption Amount to be redeemed specified in the applicable Issue Terms and no greater than the 
Maximum Redemption Amount to be redeemed specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Redemption of any Bail-inable Notes pursuant to this Condition 5(d) where the redemption would lead 
to a breach of the Issuer’s TLAC requirements, will be subject to the prior approval of the 
Superintendent. 
Any notice of redemption given by the Issuer under this Condition 5(d) shall be irrevocable, except that 
in the case of Bail-inable Notes an order under subsection 39.13(1) of the CDIC Act, prior to the date 
fixed for redemption, shall automatically rescind such notice of redemption and, in such circumstances, 
such Bail-inable Notes shall not be redeemed on an Optional Repayment Date and no payment in 
respect of the rescinded redemption shall be due and payable. Bail-inable Notes continue to be subject 
to a Bail-in Conversion (as defined below) prior to their repayment in full. 
(e) 
Redemption at the Option of Noteholders (“Put Option”) 
This Condition 5(e) does not apply to Notes that are Bail-inable Notes. 
If a Put Option is specified as applying in the applicable Issue Terms, the Issuer shall, at the option of 
the Holder of any such Note, upon the Holder of such Note giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 
days’ notice to the Issuer (or such other Notice Period as may be specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms) (the “Noteholders Option Period”) redeem such Note on the Option Redemption Date(s) at 
its Optional Redemption Amount, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms, together with interest 
accrued, if any, to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption. 
To exercise such option the Holder must deposit (in the case of Bearer Notes) such Note (together 
with all unmatured Receipts and Coupons and unexchanged Talons) with any Paying Agent or (in the 
case of Registered Notes) the Certificate representing such Note(s) with the Registrar or any Transfer 
Agent at its specified office, together with a duly completed option exercise notice (“Exercise Notice”) 
in the form obtainable from any Paying Agent, the Registrar or any Transfer Agent (as applicable) 
within the Noteholders’ Option Period. No Note or Certificate so deposited and option exercised may 
be withdrawn (except as provided in the Agency Agreement) without the prior consent of the Issuer.

--- Page 142 ---
139 
 
(f) 
Partly Paid Notes 
This Condition 5(f) applies to Exempt Notes only. Partly Paid Notes will be redeemed, whether at 
maturity, early redemption or otherwise, in accordance with the provisions of this Condition 5 and the 
provisions specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
(g) 
Instalment Notes 
This Condition 5(g) applies to Exempt Notes only. Any Instalment Note will be redeemed in the 
Instalment Amounts and on the Instalment Dates specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement. In 
the case of definitive Bearer Notes, all instalments (other than the final instalment) will be paid against 
surrender of the relevant Receipt (which must be presented with the Note to which it appertains) and 
in the case of the final instalment against surrender of the relevant Note, all as more fully described in 
Condition 15. 
(h) 
Purchases 
The Issuer and any of its Subsidiaries may at any time purchase Notes (provided that all unmatured 
Receipts and Coupons and unexchanged Talons relating thereto are attached thereto or surrendered 
therewith) in the open market or otherwise at any price.  In respect of Bail-inable Notes where such 
purchase would lead to a breach of the Issuer’s TLAC requirements, such purchase will be subject to 
the prior approval of the Superintendent. 
(i) 
Cancellation 
All Notes purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer and any of its Subsidiaries may be surrendered for 
cancellation, in the case of Bearer Notes, by surrendering each such Note together with all unmatured 
Receipts and Coupons and all unexchanged Talons to the Fiscal Agent and, in the case of Registered 
Notes, by surrendering the Certificate representing such Notes to the Registrar and, in each case, if 
so surrendered, shall, together with all Notes redeemed by the Issuer, be cancelled forthwith (together 
with all unmatured Receipts and Coupons and unexchanged Talons attached thereto or surrendered 
therewith). Any Notes so surrendered for cancellation may not be reissued or resold and the obligations 
of the Issuer in respect of any such Notes shall be discharged. 
For the purposes of these Conditions, “Subsidiary” has the meaning provided in the Bank Act. 
(j) 
Automatic Redemption (Autocall) 
(i) 
Application 
This Condition 5(j) applies to all Notes, other than Bail-inable Notes, where the applicable Issue Terms 
specifies ‘Automatic Redemption (Autocall)’ to be Applicable. This Condition 5(j) does not apply to 
Notes that are Bail-inable Notes.    
(ii) 
Autocall Cash Settlement Amount following an Automatic Redemption (Autocall) 
Event 
If an Automatic Redemption (Autocall) Event occurs on an Autocall Valuation Date, then, provided that 
no redemption or purchase and cancellation of the Notes has occurred prior to the relevant Autocall 
Redemption Date, each Note will be redeemed (in whole) on the Autocall Redemption Date 
corresponding to such Autocall Valuation Date at a cash amount per Calculation Amount in the 
Specified Currency, determined in accordance with the following (the “Autocall Cash Settlement 
Amount”): 
Autocall Redemption Percentage × Calculation Amount

--- Page 143 ---
140 
 
(iii) 
Relevant defined terms 
“Autocall Barrier Percentage” means, in relation to an Autocall Valuation Date, the percentage as 
specified in the Issue Terms. 
“Autocall Performance” means, in relation to an Autocall Valuation Date: 
(a)  
if the Issue Terms specifies ‘Autocall Observation Type’ to be ‘Discrete’: 
(i) if the Issue Terms specifies the ‘Underlying Performance Type’ to be ‘Single Asset’, 
then the Autocall Valuation Price divided by the Initial Price, each in relation to the 
sole Underlying Asset; 
(ii) if the Issue Terms specifies the ‘Underlying Performance Type’ to be ‘Worst-of’, 
then the Autocall Valuation Price divided by the Initial Price, each in relation to the 
Worst Performing Underlying Asset as calculated on such Autocall Valuation Date; 
(iii) if the Issue Terms specifies the ‘Underlying Performance Type’ to be ‘Best-of’, 
then the Autocall Valuation Price divided by the Initial Price, each in relation to the 
Best Performing Underlying Asset as calculated on such Autocall Valuation Date; 
(iv) if the Issue Terms specifies the ‘Underlying Performance Type’ to be ‘Basket’, then 
the sum of the Weighted Modified Autocall Performance in respect of each Underlying 
Asset in the Basket; 
(b)  
if the Issue Terms specifies ‘Autocall Observation Type’ to be ‘Continuous’: 
(i) if the Issue Terms specifies the ‘Underlying Performance Type’ to be ‘Single Asset’, 
then the Autocall Valuation Price divided by the Initial Price, each in relation to the 
sole Underlying Asset; 
(ii) if the Issue Terms specifies the ‘Underlying Performance Type’ to be ‘Worst-of’, 
then the Autocall Valuation Price divided by the Initial Price, each in relation to the 
Worst Performing Underlying Asset as calculated on such Autocall Valuation Date; 
(iii) if the Issue Terms specifies the ‘Underlying Performance Type’ to be ‘Best-of’, 
then the Autocall Valuation Price divided by the Initial Price, each in relation to the 
Best Performing Underlying Asset as calculated on such Autocall Valuation Date; 
(iv) if the Issue Terms specifies the ‘Underlying Performance Type’ to be ‘Basket’, then 
the sum of the Weighted Asset Performance in respect of each Underlying Asset in 
the Basket; 
“Autocall Redemption Date” means, in relation to an Autocall Valuation Date, the date as specified 
in the Issue Terms. 
“Autocall Redemption Percentage” means, in relation to an Autocall Valuation Date, the 
percentage as specified in the Issue Terms. 
“Autocall Valuation Date” means: 
(a)  
if the Issue Terms specifies the ‘Autocall Observation Type’ to be ‘Discrete’ each date 
as specified in the Issue Terms; or 
(b)  
if the Issue Terms specifies the ‘Autocall Observation Type’ to be ‘Continuous’, each 
date as specified in the Issue Terms and each Scheduled Trading Day from (and 
including) the Continuous Autocall Start Date to (and including) the Continuous 
Autocall End Date, each as specified in the Issue Terms. 
“Autocall Valuation Price” means, in relation to an Underlying Asset and an Autocall Valuation Date:

--- Page 144 ---
141 
 
(a)  
if the Issue Terms specifies ‘Averaging-out’ to be ‘Applicable’, the arithmetic average 
of the Valuation Price on each of the Averaging-out Dates corresponding to the 
Autocall Valuation Date; 
(b)  
if the Issue Terms specifies ‘Min Lookback-out’ to be ‘Applicable’, the lowest Valuation 
Price observed on each of the Lookback-out Dates corresponding to the Autocall 
Valuation Date; 
(c)  
if the Issue Terms specifies ‘Max Lookback-out’ to be ‘Applicable’, the maximum 
Valuation Price observed on each of the Lookback-out Dates corresponding to the 
Autocall Valuation Date; or 
(d)  
if none of items (a) to (c) applies, the Valuation Price of the Underlying Asset on the 
Autocall Valuation Date. 
“Automatic Redemption (Autocall) Event” shall occur if, in relation to an Autocall Valuation Date, 
the Autocall Performance is greater than or equal to the relevant Autocall Barrier Percentage. 
“Best Performing Underlying Asset” means, in relation to a Scheduled Trading Day, the Underlying 
Asset with the highest Performance on such day, provided that, in each case, where more than one 
Underlying Asset has the same highest Performance, the Calculation Agent shall select which of the 
Underlying Assets with the same highest Performance shall be the Best Performing Underlying Asset. 
“Initial Price” means, in respect of an Underlying Asset: 
(a)  
if the Issue Terms specifies ‘Averaging-out’ to be ‘Applicable’, the arithmetic average 
of the Valuation Price of such Underlying Asset on each of the Averaging-out Dates; 
or 
(b)  
if the Issue Terms specifies ‘Min Lookback-in’ to be ‘Applicable’, the lowest Valuation 
Price of such Underlying Asset observed on each of the Lookback-in Dates; or  
(c)  
if the Issue Terms specifies ‘Max Lookback-in’ to be ‘Applicable’, the highest Valuation 
Price of such Underlying Asset observed on each of the Lookback-in Dates; or  
(d)  
if a price or level for such Underlying Asset is specified in the Issue Terms, such price 
or level; or 
(e)  
if none of items (a) to (d) (inclusive) applies, the Valuation Price of such Underlying 
Asset on the Initial Valuation Date. 
“Performance” means: 
(a)  
if the Issue Terms specifies the ‘Underlying Performance Type’ to be ‘Single Asset’, 
then, in relation to a Scheduled Trading Day, the Valuation Price, as applicable, 
divided by the Initial Price, each in relation to the sole Underlying Asset; 
(b)  
if the Issue Terms specifies the ‘Underlying Performance Type’ to be ‘Worst-of’ then, 
in relation to a Scheduled Trading Day, the Valuation Price, as applicable, divided by 
the Initial Price, each in relation to the Worst Performing Underlying Asset as 
calculated on such Scheduled Trading Day; 
(c)  
if the Issue Terms specifies the ‘Underlying Performance Type’ to be ‘Best-of’ then, in 
relation to a Scheduled Trading Day, the Valuation Price, as applicable, divided by the 
Initial Price, each in relation to the Best Performing Underlying Asset as calculated on 
such Scheduled Trading Day; or 
(d)  
if the Issue Terms specifies the ‘Underlying Performance Type’ to be ‘Basket’ then, in 
relation to a Scheduled Trading Day, the sum of the Weighted Asset Performance, in 
respect of each Underlying Asset in the Basket.

--- Page 145 ---
142 
 
“Underlying Asset” means, in relation to a Series, as appropriate, each Equity, Commodity, Fund 
Interest, Fund Share or Index as specified in the Issue Terms. 
“Valuation Price” means, in respect of: 
(a)  
an Underlying Asset that is an Equity, Commodity, Fund Interest or Fund Share and 
any relevant day, the price of such Underlying Asset at the Valuation Time on such 
day;  
(b)  
an Underlying Asset that is an Index and any relevant day, the level of such Underlying 
Asset at the Valuation Time on such day. 
“Weighted Asset Performance” means, in relation to an Underlying Asset and any Scheduled Trading 
Day, Weighting × (Autocall Valuation Price/Initial Price). 
“Weighted Modified Autocall Performance” means, in relation to an Underlying Asset and Autocall 
Valuation Date, Weighting × (Autocall Valuation Price/Initial Price). 
“Worst Performing Underlying Asset” means, in relation to a Scheduled Trading Day, the Underlying 
Asset with the lowest Performance on such day, provided that, in each case, where more than one 
Underlying Asset has the same lowest Performance, the Calculation Agent shall select which of the 
Underlying Assets with the same lowest Performance shall be the Worst Performing Underlying Asset.  
(k) 
Regulatory Conversion, Variation or Extinguishment  
By its acquisition of an interest in Bail-inable Notes, each Noteholder (which, for the purposes of this 
Condition 5(k), includes each holder of a beneficial interest in such Bail-inable Notes): 
(i)  
agrees to be bound, in respect of such Bail-inable Notes, by the CDIC Act, including the 
conversion of the Bail-inable Notes, in whole or in part – by means of a transaction or series 
of transactions and in one or more steps – into common shares of the Issuer or any of its 
affiliates under subsection 39.2(2.3) of the CDIC Act and the variation or extinguishment of the 
Bail-inable Notes in consequence (“Bail-in Conversion”), and by the application of the laws 
of the Province of Ontario and the federal laws of Canada applicable therein in respect of the 
operation of the CDIC Act with respect to such Bail-inable Notes; 
(ii)  
attorns to the jurisdiction of courts in the Province of Ontario with respect to the CDIC Act and 
the laws of the Province of Ontario and the federal laws of Canada applicable therein in respect 
of the operation of the CDIC Act with respect to such Bail-inable Notes;  
(iii)  
acknowledges and agrees that the terms referred to in paragraphs (i) and (ii), of this Condition 
5(k), are binding on such Noteholder despite any other provisions in these Conditions, any 
other law that governs such Bail-inable Notes and any other agreement, arrangement or 
understanding between such Holder and the Issuer with respect to such Bail-inable Notes;  
(iv) 
agrees that the Bail-in Conversion does not give rise to an Event of Default under Condition 
18; and 
(v) 
is deemed to have represented and warranted to the Issuer that the Issuer has not, directly or 
indirectly, provided financing to the Noteholder for the express purpose of investing in Bail-
inable Notes. 
Noteholders holding Bail-inable Notes shall have no further rights in respect of their Bail-inable Notes 
to the extent those Bail-inable Notes are converted in a Bail-in Conversion, other than those provided 
under the Bail-in Regime, and by its acquisition of an interest in any Bail-inable Notes, each Noteholder 
of that Bail-inable Note shall be deemed to irrevocably consent to the converted portion of the principal 
amount of that Bail-inable Note and any accrued and unpaid interest thereon being deemed paid in 
full by the issuance of common shares of the Issuer (or, if applicable, any of its affiliates) upon the 
occurrence of a Bail-in Conversion, which Bail-in Conversion shall occur without any further action on

--- Page 146 ---
143 
 
the part of that Noteholder; provided that, for the avoidance of doubt, this consent shall not limit or 
otherwise affect any rights of that Noteholder provided for under the Bail-in Regime. 
Each Noteholder of a Bail-inable Note that acquires an interest in the Bail-inable Notes in the 
secondary market and any successors, assigns, heirs, executors, administrators, trustees in 
bankruptcy and legal representatives of such Noteholder shall be deemed to acknowledge, accept, 
agree to be bound by and consent to the same provisions specified herein to the same extent as the 
Noteholders that acquire an interest in the Bail-inable Notes upon their initial issuance, including, 
without limitation, with respect to the terms of the Bail-inable Notes related to the Bail-in Regime. 
“Bail-in Regime” means the provisions of, and regulations under, the Bank Act, the CDIC Act and 
certain other Canadian federal statutes pertaining to banks, providing for a bank recapitalization regime 
for banks designated by the Superintendent as domestic systemically important banks, including 
subsection 39.2(2.3) of the CDIC Act, the Bank Recapitalization (Bail-in) Conversion Regulations 
(Canada), the Bank Recapitalization (Bail-in) Issuance Regulations (Canada) and the Compensation 
Regulations (Canada), and in each case any successor statute or regulation thereto, as amended from 
time to time. 
This Condition 5(k) is binding on all holders of Bail-inable Notes despite any other terms of the Bail-
inable Notes, any other law that governs the Bail-inable Notes and any other agreement, arrangement 
or understanding between the Issuer and such holder with respect to the Bail-inable Notes. 
(l) 
Early Redemption of Bail-inable Notes upon TLAC Disqualification Event 
Where the applicable Issue Terms for a Series of Notes indicates a TLAC Disqualification Event Call 
Option is applicable, on the occurrence of a TLAC Disqualification Event the Issuer may, at its option, 
on giving not more than 60 days’ nor less than 30 days’ prior notice in accordance with Condition 22, 
redeem all but not less than all of the outstanding Bail-inable Notes of such Series on the date set out 
in such notice (which shall be on or within 90 days after the occurrence of the TLAC Disqualification 
Event) at their Early Redemption Amount as described in Condition 5(b) above, together with interest, 
if any, accrued to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption.  Such early redemption will be subject 
to the prior approval of the Superintendent. 
For purposes of this Condition 5(l):  
“TLAC Disqualification Event” means (a) the Office of the Superintendent of Financial Institutions 
(“OSFI”) has advised the Issuer in writing that the relevant Series of Bail-inable Notes will no longer 
be recognized in full as TLAC under the OSFI Guideline for Total Loss Absorbing Capacity (TLAC) 
(as amended, supplemented or replaced as at the Issue Date of the relevant Series of Bail-inable 
Notes, the “TLAC Guideline”) as interpreted by the Superintendent; provided however that a TLAC 
Disqualification Event shall not occur where the exclusion of the relevant Series of Notes from the 
Issuer’s TLAC requirements is due to the remaining term to maturity of such Series of Bail-inable 
Notes being less than any period prescribed under the TLAC eligibility criteria applicable as at the 
Issue Date of the first Tranche of such Series of Bail-inable Notes.  
6. 
Commodity Linked Notes 
(a) 
This Condition 6 is applicable only in relation to Notes which are specified to be “Commodity-
Linked Interest Notes” and/or “Commodity-Linked Redemption Notes” (each “Commodity-
Linked Notes”) in the relevant Issue Terms. 
(b) 
Market Disruption, Disruption Fallbacks 
(i) 
Market Disruption 
“Market Disruption Event” means an event that, if applicable to the Notes, would give rise, 
in accordance with an applicable Disruption Fallback, to an alternative basis for determining 
the Relevant Price in respect of a specified Commodity Reference Price or the cancellation of 
the Notes, in each case, were the event to occur or exist on a day that is a Relevant

--- Page 147 ---
144 
 
Determination Date (or, if different, the day on which prices for that Relevant Determination 
Date would, in the ordinary course, be published or announced by the relevant Price Source).  
Each of “Price Source Disruption”, “Trading Disruption”, “Disappearance of Commodity 
Reference Price”, “Material Change in Formula”, “Material Change in Content”, and “Tax 
Disruption” in each case, as specified in the relevant Issue Terms or as deemed to be specified 
pursuant to Reference Item Condition 6(b)(ii) below shall be a Market Disruption Event. 
(ii) 
Deemed Market Disruption Events 
If this Condition 6(b)(ii) is specified as Applicable in the relevant Issue Terms or if no Market 
Disruption Events other than Additional Market Disruption Events (if any) are specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms, the following Market Disruption Events will be deemed to have been 
specified in addition to any such Additional Market Disruption Events:  
(a)  
in respect of a Commodity other than a Commodity which is specified in the relevant 
Issue Terms to be a Bullion Commodity (A) “Price Source Disruption”, (B) “Trading 
Disruption”, (C) “Disappearance of Commodity Reference Price”, (D) “Material 
Change in Formula” and I “Material Change in Content”; and  
(b)  
in respect of a Commodity which is specified in the relevant Issue Terms to be a 
Bullion Commodity, (A) “Price Source Disruption”, (B) “Trading Disruption” and (C) 
“Disappearance of Commodity Reference Price”.  
(iii) 
Consequences of Market Disruption Events 
If the Calculation Agent determines that a Market Disruption Event applicable to the Notes has 
occurred or exists on a day that is a Relevant Determination Date (or, if different, the day on 
which prices for that Relevant Determination Date would, in the ordinary course, be published 
or announced by the relevant Price Source), the Relevant Price for that Relevant 
Determination Date will be determined in accordance with the first applicable Disruption 
Fallback (applied in accordance with its terms) that provides the Relevant Price or, if there is 
no such Relevant Price, the first applicable Disruption Fallback that provides for the 
cancellation of the Notes in accordance with Reference Item Condition 6(b)(vi) (Cancellation) 
below. 
(iv) 
Disruption Fallbacks 
“Disruption Fallback” means the source or method that, if applicable to the Notes, may give 
rise to an alternative basis for determining the Relevant Price in respect of a specified 
Commodity Reference Price or the cancellation of the Notes when a Market Disruption Event 
occurs or exists on a day that is a Relevant Determination Date (or, if different, the day on 
which prices for that Relevant Determination Date would, in the ordinary course, be published 
or announced by the relevant Price Source).  
Each of “Fallback Reference Dealers”, “Fallback Reference Price”, “Cancellation”, 
“Postponement”, 
“Calculation 
Agent 
Determination” 
and 
“Delayed 
Publication 
or 
Announcement” or as deemed to be specified pursuant to Condition 6(b)(v) (Deemed 
Disruption Fallbacks) below, shall be a Disruption Fallback. 
(v) 
Deemed Disruption Fallbacks 
If this Reference Item Condition 8.2(v) is specified as Applicable in the relevant Issue Terms 
or if no Disruption Fallbacks are specified in the relevant Issue Terms, the following Disruption 
Fallbacks will be deemed to have been specified (in the following order): (A) “Fallback 
Reference Price” (if an alternate Commodity Reference Price is specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms), (B) “Delayed Publication or Announcement” and “Postponement” (each to operate 
concurrently with the other and each subject to two Commodity Business Days as the 
applicable Maximum Days of Disruption provided that the price determined by “Postponement” 
shall be the Relevant Price only if “Delayed Publication or Announcement” does not yield a

--- Page 148 ---
145 
 
Relevant Price within the Maximum Days of Disruption), (C) “Calculation Agent Determination” 
and (D) “Cancellation”. 
(vi) 
Cancellation 
If the applicable Disruption Fallback is “Cancellation” or if a Market Disruption Event occurs or 
exists on a day that would otherwise be a Relevant Determination Date (or, if different, the day 
on which prices for that Relevant Determination Date would, in the ordinary course, be 
published or announced by the relevant Price Source) and none of the applicable prior 
Disruption Fallbacks provides the parties with a Relevant Price, on giving notice to Holders in 
accordance with Condition 22, the Issuer will redeem all, but not some only, of the Notes, each 
principal amount of Notes equal to the Calculation Amount being redeemed at the Early 
Redemption Amount together with, if so specified in the relevant Issue Terms, accrued 
interest. 
(vii) 
Correction of Published Prices 
If “Correction of Commodity Reference Prices” is specified as Applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms and the price of a Commodity published on any Relevant Determination Date and which 
is utilised for any calculation or determination made in respect of the Notes is subsequently 
corrected and the correction (the “Corrected Commodity Reference Price”) is published or 
announced by the person responsible for that publication or announcement prior to the 
relevant Correction Cut-Off Date specified in the relevant Issue Terms, then such Corrected 
Commodity Reference Price shall be deemed to be the price for such Commodity at the 
relevant time on such Relevant Determination Date and the Calculation Agent shall use such 
Corrected Commodity Reference Price in determining the relevant amount payable in respect 
of the Notes. 
(viii) 
Notice 
Upon the occurrence of a Market Disruption Event, the Issuer shall give notice as soon as 
practicable to Holders in accordance with Condition 22. Without limiting the obligation of the 
Issuer to give notice to the Holders as set forth in the preceding sentence, failure by the Issuer 
to notify the Holders of the occurrence of a Market Disruption Event shall not affect the validity 
of the occurrence and effect of such Market Disruption Event  
(c) 
Commodity-Linked Notes linked to a Commodity Index or a basket of Commodity Indices 
If a Commodity is specified in the relevant Issue Terms to be a “Commodity Index”, the 
provisions of Condition 7 shall also apply to the Notes and (i) the relevant Commodity shall be 
deemed to be an Index; and (ii) “Index Sponsor” and “Component Security shall be as defined 
in Condition 7. 
(d) 
Definitions 
The following expressions have the following meanings in the context of Commodity-Linked 
Notes only:  
“Bullion Commodity” means each Commodity specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms;  
“Calculation Agent Determination” means that the Calculation Agent will determine the 
Relevant Price (or method for determining a Relevant Price), taking into consideration the 
latest available quotation for the relevant Commodity Reference Price and any other 
information that it deems relevant. If the Calculation Agent determines that it cannot so 
determine the Relevant Price (or method for determining a Relevant Price), the next Disruption 
Fallback specified or deemed to be specified in the relevant Issue Terms will apply;  
“Cancellation” means that the Notes will be redeemed early in accordance with the provisions 
of Condition 6(b)(vi) (Cancellation) above;

--- Page 149 ---
146 
 
“Commodity” means the commodity (or commodities) specified in relevant Issue Terms;  
“Commodity Business Day” means:  
(i)  
in respect of a Commodity (other than a Commodity which is specified in the relevant 
Issue Terms to be a Bullion Commodity):  
(a) 
where the Commodity Reference Price for such Commodity is a price 
announced or published by an Exchange, any day that is (or, but for the 
occurrence of a Market Disruption Event, would have been) a day on which 
that Exchange is open for trading during its regular trading session, 
notwithstanding that Exchange closing prior to its scheduled closing time; and  
(b)  
where the Commodity Reference Price for such Commodity is not a price 
announced or published by an Exchange, a day in respect of which the 
relevant Price Source published (or, but for the occurrence of a Market 
Disruption Event, would have published) a price; and  
(ii)  
in respect of a Commodity which is specified in the relevant Issue Terms to be a 
Bullion Commodity, a day on which commercial banks are open for business 
(including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in London and 
New York City;  
“Commodity Business Day Convention” means the convention for adjusting any relevant 
Valuation Date if it would otherwise fall on a day that is not a Commodity Business Day. The 
following terms, when used in conjunction with the term “Commodity Business Day 
Convention” and a date, will mean that an adjustment will be made if that date would otherwise 
fall on a day that is not a Commodity Business Day so that:  
(i)  
if “Following” is specified, that date will be the first following day that is a Commodity 
Business Day;  
(ii)  
if “Modified Following” or “Modified” is specified, that date will be the first following day 
that is a Commodity Business Day, unless that day falls in the next calendar month, 
in which case, that date will be the first preceding day that is a Commodity Business 
Day;  
(iii)  
if “Nearest” is specified, that date will be the first preceding day that is a Commodity 
Business Day if the relevant date otherwise falls on a day other than a Sunday or a 
Monday and will be the first following day that is a Commodity Business Day if the 
relevant date otherwise falls on a Sunday or a Monday; and  
(iv)  
if “Preceding” is specified, that date will be the first preceding day that is a Commodity 
Business Day;  
"Commodity Index Level" means, in respect of a Commodity Index and any relevant time on 
any relevant day, the official published level of such Commodity Index at such time on or in 
respect of such day, as calculated and published by the relevant Commodity Index Sponsor, 
as determined by the Calculation Agent. If "Observation Date (Intra-Day Valuation)" is 
specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the Closing Commodity Index Level of 
a Commodity Index on or in respect of any relevant day shall be deemed to be a Commodity 
Index Level in respect of an Observation Date (Intra-Day Valuation) for such Commodity Index 
falling on such relevant day.  
"Commodity Index Sponsor" means, for any Commodity Index, the entity specified as such 
in the relevant Issue Terms, and, if not specified, the corporation or other entity that, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent (a) is responsible for setting and reviewing the rules and 
procedures and the methods of calculation and adjustments, if any, related to such Commodity 
Index, and (b) announces (directly or through an agent) the level of such Commodity Index on 
a regular basis in respect of each Trading Day.

--- Page 150 ---
147 
 
“Commodity-Reference Dealers” means, in respect of a Commodity, that the price for a 
Relevant Determination Date will be determined on the basis of quotations provided by 
Reference Dealers for that Relevant Determination Date of that day’s Specified Price for a Unit 
of such Commodity for delivery on the Delivery Date, if applicable. If four quotations are 
provided as requested, the price for that Relevant Determination Date will be the arithmetic 
mean of the Specified Prices for such Commodity provided by each Reference Dealer, without 
regard to the Specified Prices having the highest and lowest values. If exactly three quotations 
are provided as requested, the price for that Relevant Determination Date will be the Specified 
Price provided by the relevant Reference Dealer that remains after disregarding the Specified 
Prices having the highest and lowest values. For this purpose, if more than one quotation has 
the same highest or lowest value, then the Specified Price of one of such quotations shall be 
disregarded. If fewer than three quotations are provided, it will be deemed that the price for 
the Relevant Determination Date cannot be determined. In that case, the next Disruption 
Fallback specified or deemed to be specified in the relevant Issue Terms will apply;  
“Commodity Reference Price” means, in respect of any Commodity and for the purposes of 
determining a Relevant Price, the relevant commodity reference price for such Commodity 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms;  
“Common Pricing” means, with respect to Notes linked to two or more Commodities and the 
related Commodity Reference Prices, if “Common Pricing” is specified as Applicable in the 
relevant Issue Terms, then no date will be a Relevant Determination Date unless such date is 
a day for which all referenced Commodity Reference Prices (for which such date would 
otherwise be a Relevant Determination Date) are scheduled to be published or announced, 
as determined on the Trade Date of the Notes (any such date a “Scheduled Relevant 
Determination Date”). For the avoidance of doubt, if a Market Disruption Event occurs in 
respect of any Commodity Reference Price (the “Affected Commodity Reference Price”) on 
any such Scheduled Relevant Determination Date, the relevant Disruption Fallbacks will apply 
in respect of the Affected Commodity Reference Price only;  
“Delayed Publication or Announcement” means that the Relevant Price for a Relevant 
Determination Date will be determined based on the Specified Price in respect of the original 
day scheduled as such Relevant Determination Date that is published or announced by the 
relevant Price Source retrospectively on the first succeeding Commodity Business Day on 
which the Market Disruption Event ceases to exist, unless that Market Disruption Event 
continues to exist (measured from and including the original day that would otherwise have 
been the Relevant Determination Date) or the Relevant Price continues to be unavailable for 
consecutive Commodity Business Days equal in number to the Maximum Days of Disruption. 
In that case, the next Disruption Fallback specified or deemed to be specified in the relevant 
Issue Terms will apply;  
“Delivery Date” means, in respect of a Commodity Reference Price, the relevant date or 
month for delivery of the underlying Commodity (which must be a date or month reported or 
capable of being determined from information reported in or by the relevant Price Source) as 
follows:  
(i)  
if a date is, or a month and year are, specified in the relevant Issue Terms, that date 
or that month and year;  
(ii)  
if a Nearby Month is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, the month of expiration of 
the relevant Futures Contract; and  
(iii)  
if a method is specified in the relevant Issue Terms for the purpose of determining the 
Delivery Date, the date or the month and year determined pursuant to that method;  
“Disappearance of Commodity Reference Price” means (A) the permanent discontinuation 
of trading, in the relevant Futures Contract on the relevant Exchange or (B) the disappearance 
of, or permanent discontinuance of trading in, the relevant Commodity or (C) the 
disappearance or permanent discontinuance or unavailability of a Commodity Reference

--- Page 151 ---
148 
 
Price, notwithstanding the availability of the related Price Source or the status of trading in the 
relevant Futures Contract or the relevant Commodity;  
“Exchange” means, in relation to a Commodity, each exchange or principal trading market for 
such Commodity specified in the relevant Issue Terms or any successor to such exchange or 
principal trading market;  
“Fallback Reference Dealers” means, if an alternate Commodity Reference Price is specified 
in the relevant Issue Terms, that the Relevant Price will be determined in accordance with 
Commodity Reference Price, “Commodity-Reference Dealers”;  
“Fallback Reference Price” means that the Calculation Agent will determine the Relevant 
Price based on the price for that Relevant Determination Date of the first alternate Commodity 
Reference Price, if any, specified in the relevant Issue Terms and not subject to a Market 
Disruption Event;  
“Futures Contract” means, in respect of a Commodity Reference Price, the contract for future 
delivery of a contract size in respect of the relevant Delivery Date relating to the Commodity 
referred to in that Commodity Reference Price;  
“Material Change in Content” means the occurrence since the Trade Date of a material 
change in the content, composition or constitution of the relevant Commodity or the relevant 
Futures Contract;  
“Material Change in Formula” means the occurrence since the Trade Date of a material 
change in the formula for or the method of calculating the relevant Commodity Reference 
Price;  
“Maximum Days of Disruption” means the number of Commodity Business Days specified 
in the relevant Issue Terms or, if no such number is so specified, five Commodity Business 
Days;  
“Nearby Month” when preceded by a numerical adjective, means, in respect of a Delivery 
Date and a Relevant Determination Date, the month of expiration of the Futures Contract 
identified by that numerical adjective, so that, for example, (A) “First Nearby Month” means 
the month of expiration of the first Futures Contract to expire following that Relevant 
Determination Date and (B) “Second Nearby Month” means the month of expiration of the 
second Futures Contract to expire following that Relevant Determination Date etc.;  
“Observation Date” means, in relation to a Commodity and an Observation Period, each 
Commodity Business Day for such Commodity during such Observation Period;  
"Observation Date (Closing Valuation)" means, if specified to be applicable in the relevant 
Issue Terms, in respect of:  
(a) a Commodity, (i) each Commodity Business Day falling in the Observation Period 
for such Commodity on which a Market Disruption Event has not occurred or exists in 
respect of such Commodity, as determined by the Calculation Agent, and (ii) each 
Specified Observation Date (Closing Valuation). "Specified Observation Date 
(Closing Valuation)" means, if specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, 
in respect of a Commodity each date specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms, 
notwithstanding that such day may not be a Commodity Business Day or is a 
Commodity Business Day on which a Market Disruption Event has occurred or exists 
in respect of such Commodity.  
(b) a Commodity Index, (i) each Trading Day falling in the Observation Period for such 
Commodity Index on which a Market Disruption Event has not occurred or exists in 
respect of such Commodity Index, as determined by the Calculation Agent, and (ii) 
each Specified Observation Date (Closing Valuation). "Specified Observation Date 
(Closing Valuation)" means, if specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, 
in respect of a Commodity Index and each date specified as such in the relevant Issue

--- Page 152 ---
149 
 
Terms, notwithstanding that such day may not be a Trading Day or is a Trading Day 
on which a Market Disruption Event has occurred or exists in respect of such 
Commodity Index.  
"Observation Date (Intra-Day Valuation)" means, if specified to be applicable in the relevant 
Issue Terms, in respect of:  
(a) a Commodity, (i) each Commodity Business Day falling in the Observation Period 
for such Commodity on which the relevant Price Source publishes the Commodity 
Price, regardless of whether a Market Disruption Event has occurred or exists on such 
day and (ii) each Specified Observation Date (Intra-Day Valuation) for such 
Commodity. "Specified Observation Date (Intra-Day Valuation)" means, in respect 
of a Commodity and if specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, each 
date specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms, notwithstanding that such day may 
not be a Commodity Business Day on which the relevant Price Source publishes the 
Commodity Price.  
(b) a Commodity Index, (i) each day falling in the Observation Period for such 
Commodity Index on which the relevant Commodity Index Sponsor calculates and 
publishes the Commodity Index Level, regardless of whether such day is a Trading 
Day or whether a Market Disruption Event has occurred or exists on such day and (ii) 
each Specified Observation Date (Intra-Day Valuation) for such Commodity Index. 
"Specified Observation Date (Intra-Day Valuation)" means, in respect of a 
Commodity Index and if specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, each 
date specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms, notwithstanding that such day may 
not be a day on which the relevant Commodity Index Sponsor calculates and 
publishes the Commodity Index Level. 
“Observation Period” means each relevant period specified in the relevant Issue Terms;  
“Observation Price” means, (1) where the Notes relate to a single Commodity or for the 
purposes of determining the Nth Performing Reference Item and in relation to a Commodity, 
an Observation Period and each Observation Date for such Commodity during such 
Observation Period, the Relevant Price for the relevant Commodity Reference Price at any 
time during continuous trading hours as determined by the Calculation Agent on each 
Observation Date during such Observation Period during which no event giving rise to a 
Market Disruption Event in respect of such Commodity has occurred or is occurring or, (2) 
where the Notes relate to a Basket of Commodities and in respect of a Commodity, an 
Observation Period and each Relevant Observation Date during such Observation Period, the 
Relevant Price of such Commodity at any time during continuous trading hours will be 
determined as the Relevant Price determined by the Calculation Agent for such Commodity. 
For these purposes “Relevant Observation Date” means a day that is an Observation Date 
for all Commodities in the Basket and on which no event giving rise to a Disrupted Day in 
relation to any Commodity has occurred or is occurring at any time on such day.  
If one or more event(s) giving rise to a Market Disruption Event in respect of a Commodity 
have occurred and/or occur during the entire Observation Period, the Observation Price for 
the entire Observation Period shall be as determined by the Calculation Agent in its discretion, 
having regard to the then prevailing market conditions, the last reported Relevant Price of any 
relevant Commodity prior to the occurrence of the event(s) giving rise to a Market Disruption 
Event and such other factors as the Calculation Agent considers relevant;  
"Periodic Pricing Date" means in respect of a Commodity or a Commodity Index, each date 
specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms, subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
relevant Commodity Business Day Convention.  
“Postponement” means, in respect of a Valuation Date, that such Valuation Date will be 
deemed, for purposes of the application of this Disruption Fallback only, to be the first 
succeeding Commodity Business Day on which the Market Disruption Event ceases to exist, 
unless that Market Disruption Event continues to exist (measured from and including the

--- Page 153 ---
150 
 
original day that would otherwise have been such Valuation Date) for consecutive Commodity 
Business Days equal in number to the Maximum Days of Disruption. In that case, the next 
Disruption Fallback specified or deemed to be specified in the relevant Issue Terms will apply;  
“Price Materiality Percentage” has the meaning given in the relevant Issue Terms;  
“Price Source” means the publication (or such other origin of reference, including an 
Exchange) containing (or reporting) the Specified Price (or prices from which the Specified 
Price is calculated) specified in the relevant Issue Terms or any successor;  
“Price Source Disruption” means (A) the failure of the relevant Price Source to announce or 
publish the Specified Price (or the information necessary for determining the Specified Price) 
for the relevant Commodity Reference Price, (B) the temporary or permanent discontinuance 
or unavailability of the relevant Price Source, (C) if a Commodity Reference Price is 
“Commodity-Reference Dealers”, the failure to obtain at least three quotations as requested 
from the relevant Reference Dealers or (D) if a Price Materiality Percentage is specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms, the Specified Price for the relevant Commodity Reference Price differs 
from the Specified Price determined in accordance with the Commodity Reference Price 
“Commodity Reference Dealers” by such Price Materiality Percentage;  
“Reference Dealers” means the four dealers specified in the relevant Issue Terms or, if four 
dealers are not so specified, four leading dealers in the relevant market selected by the 
Calculation Agent;  
“Reference Price” means, in relation to a Commodity Reference Price and a Valuation Date, 
an amount equal to the Relevant Price as determined by the Calculation Agent for that 
Valuation Date;  
“Relevant Determination Date” means an Observation Date or a Valuation Date, each 
relevant date specified in the relevant Issue Terms;  
“Relevant Price” means, in respect of a Commodity and a Relevant Determination Date, the 
price, expressed as a price per Unit, determined with respect to that day for the relevant 
Commodity Reference Price;  
“Scheduled Valuation Date” means, in relation to a Valuation Date, any original date that, 
but for the occurrence of a Market Disruption Event, would have been that Valuation Date;  
“Specified Price” means, in respect of a Commodity Reference Price, the price (which must 
be a price reported in or by, or capable of being determined from information reported in or by, 
the relevant Price Source) specified in the relevant Issue Terms (and, if applicable, as of the 
time so specified);  
“Tax Disruption” means the imposition of, change in or removal of an excise, severance, 
sales, use, value-added, transfer, stamp, documentary, recording or similar tax on, or 
measured by reference to, the relevant Commodity (other than a tax on, or measured by 
reference to overall gross or net income) by any government or taxation authority after the 
Trade Date, if the direct effect of such imposition, change or removal is to raise or lower the 
Relevant Price on the day that would otherwise be a Relevant Determination Date from what 
it would have been without that imposition, change or removal;  
“Trade Date” means the date specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms;  
"Trading Day" means a day when:  
(a)  
the Commodity Index Sponsor is open for business in Commodity Index Sponsor 
Business Centre; and  
(b)  
the exchanges of all futures contracts included in the Commodity Index are open for 
trading;

--- Page 154 ---
151 
 
“Trading Disruption” means the material suspension of, or the material limitation imposed 
on, trading in the relevant Futures Contract or the relevant Commodity on the relevant 
Exchange or in any additional futures contract, options contract or commodity on any relevant 
Exchange as specified in the relevant Issue Terms. For these purposes:  
(i) 
a suspension of the trading in the relevant Futures Contract or the relevant Commodity 
on any Commodity Business Day shall be deemed to be material only if:  
(a)  
all trading in the relevant Futures Contract or the relevant Commodity is 
suspended for an entire Relevant Determination Date; or  
(b)  
all trading in the relevant Futures Contract or the relevant Commodity is 
suspended subsequent to the opening of trading on a Relevant Determination 
Date, trading does not recommence prior to the regularly scheduled close of 
trading in such Futures Contract or Commodity on such Relevant Determination 
Date and such suspension is announced less than one hour preceding its 
commencement; and  
(ii)  
a limitation of trading in the relevant Futures Contract or the relevant Commodity on 
any Commodity Business Day shall be deemed to be material only if the relevant 
Exchange establishes limits on the range within which the price of the relevant Futures 
Contract or the relevant Commodity may fluctuate and the closing or settlement price 
of the relevant Futures Contract or the relevant Commodity on such day is at the upper 
or lower limit of that range;  
“Unit” means, in respect of a Commodity, the unit of measure of such Commodity, as specified 
in the relevant Commodity Reference Price or the relevant Issue Terms, as the case may be;  
“Valid Date” means, in relation to a Commodity, a Commodity Business Day for such 
Commodity on which a Market Disruption Event in respect of such Commodity has not 
occurred and on which another Valuation Date does not or is not deemed to occur; and 
“Valuation Date” means each relevant date specified in the relevant Issue Terms and 
designated as such in this Condition 6, adjusted in accordance with the applicable Commodity 
Business Day Convention.  
If “Option Pricing” is specified in the relevant Issue Terms to apply to the relevant Valuation 
Date and:  
(i)  
if “Postponement” is specified as Applicable to the relevant Valuation Date in the 
relevant Issue Terms or if none of “Postponement”, “Modified Postponement” or 
“Omission” is so specified:  
(a)  
where the Notes are specified in the relevant Issue Terms to relate to a single 
Commodity, that Valuation Date shall be the first succeeding Commodity 
Business Day on which no Market Disruption Event occurs, unless a Market 
Disruption Event occurs on each of the eight Commodity Business Days 
immediately following the relevant Scheduled Valuation Date. In that case (x) 
the eighth Commodity Business Day shall be deemed to be that Valuation Date, 
notwithstanding the fact that such day is a day on which a Market Disruption 
Event has occurred, and (y) the provisions of Condition 6(b)(iii) shall apply 
thereto; or  
(b)  
where the Notes are specified in the relevant Issue Terms to relate to a Basket 
of Commodities, that Valuation Date for each Commodity not affected by the 
occurrence of a Market Disruption Event shall be the relevant Scheduled 
Valuation Date and that Valuation Date for each Commodity affected (each an 
“Affected Commodity”) by a Market Disruption Event shall be the first 
succeeding Commodity Business Day for the Affected Commodity on which no 
Market Disruption Event relating to the Affected Commodity has occurred

--- Page 155 ---
152 
 
unless a Market Disruption Event relating to the Affected Commodity occurs on 
each of the eight Commodity Business Days for the Affected Commodity 
immediately following the relevant Scheduled Valuation Date. In that case (x) 
that eighth Commodity Business Day shall be deemed to be that  Valuation Date 
for the Affected Commodity, notwithstanding the fact that a Market Disruption 
Event in respect of such Affected Commodity has occurred on such day, and 
(y) the provisions of Condition 6(b)(iii) shall apply thereto; or  
(ii)  
if “Modified Postponement” is specified as Applicable to the relevant Valuation Date 
in the relevant Issue Terms:  
(a)  
where the Notes relate to a single Commodity, that Valuation Date shall be the 
first succeeding Valid Date. If the first succeeding Valid Date has not occurred 
as of the Valuation Time on the eighth Commodity Business Day immediately 
following the final Scheduled Valuation Date relating to the relevant 
determination, as determined by the Calculation Agent, then (A) that eighth 
Commodity Business Day shall be deemed to be that Valuation Date 
(irrespective of whether the eighth Commodity Business Day is already a 
Valuation Date), and (B) the Calculation Agent shall determine the relevant price 
for that Valuation Date in accordance with sub-paragraph (i)(a)(y) above; and  
(b)  
where the Notes relate to a Basket of Commodities, that Valuation Date for each 
Commodity not affected by the occurrence of a Market Disruption Event shall 
be the relevant Scheduled Valuation Date and that Valuation Date for each 
Commodity affected by the occurrence of a Market Disruption Event (each an 
“Affected Commodity”) shall be the first succeeding Valid Date in relation to 
the Affected Commodity. If the first succeeding Valid Date in relation to the 
Affected Commodity has not occurred as of the eighth Commodity Business 
Day for the Affected Commodity immediately following the final Scheduled 
Valuation Date relating to the relevant determination, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent, then (A) that eighth Commodity Business Day shall be 
deemed to be that Valuation Date (irrespective of whether that eighth 
Commodity Business Day is already an Valuation Date) in relation to such 
Affected Commodity, and (B) the Calculation Agent shall determine the relevant 
price for such Valuation Date in accordance with sub-paragraph (i)(b)(y) above; 
or  
(iii)  
if “Omission” is specified as Applicable to the relevant Valuation Date in the relevant 
Issue Terms, then such date will be deemed not to be a relevant Valuation Date for 
the purposes of the relevant determination provided that, if through the operation of 
this provision there would not be a relevant Valuation Date for the relevant 
determination, then the provisions of paragraph (i) above will apply for the purposes 
of determining the relevant price in respect of the final Scheduled Valuation Date for 
the relevant determination, as if such Valuation Date were a Valuation Date on which 
a Market Disruption Event had occurred for any of the Commodities;  
“Valuation Period” means each relevant period specified in the relevant Issue Terms; and  
“Valuation Period Date” means, in respect of a Valuation Period, each of the dates specified 
in the relevant Issue Terms falling during such Valuation Period or, if no such dates are so 
specified:  
(i)  
where the Notes are specified in the relevant Issue Terms to relate to a single 
Commodity, each Commodity Business Day falling during such Valuation Period; and  
(ii)  
where the Notes are specified in the relevant Issue Terms to relate to a Basket of 
Commodities, each day which is a Commodity Business Day for all the Commodities 
falling during such Valuation Period and Common Pricing shall be deemed to apply,  
in each case, each such date being a “Valuation Date”.

--- Page 156 ---
153 
 
7. 
Index Linked Notes 
(a) 
Definitions  
For the purposes of this Condition 7: 
“Disrupted Day” means: 
(i) 
where the Index is not specified in the applicable Issue Terms as being a Designated Multi-
Exchange Index, any Scheduled Trading Day on which a relevant Exchange or any Related 
Exchange fails to open for trading during its regular trading session or on which a Market 
Disruption Event has occurred; or 
(ii) 
where the Index is specified in the applicable Issue Terms as being a Designated Multi-
Exchange Index, any Scheduled Trading Day on which (A) the Index Sponsor fails to publish 
the level of the Index, (B) any Related Exchange fails to open for trading during its regular 
trading session or (C) a Market Disruption Event has occurred.  
“Exchange” means: 
(i) 
where the Index is not specified in the applicable Issue Terms as being a Designated Multi-
Exchange Index, each exchange or quotation system specified as such for such Index in the 
applicable Issue Terms, any successor to such exchange or quotation system or any substitute 
exchange or quotation system to which trading in the securities/commodities comprising such 
Index has temporarily relocated (provided that the Calculation Agent has determined that there 
is comparable liquidity relative to the securities/commodities comprising such Index on such 
temporary substitute exchange or quotation system as on the original Exchange); or 
(ii) 
where the Index is specified in the applicable Issue Terms as being a Designated Multi-
Exchange Index, in relation to each component security of that Index (each a “Component 
Security”), the principal stock exchange on which such Component Security is principally 
traded, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
“Exchange Business Day” means: 
(i) 
where the Index is not specified in the applicable Issue Terms as being a Designated Multi-
Exchange Index, any Scheduled Trading Day on which each Exchange and each Related 
Exchange are open for trading during their respective regular trading sessions, 
notwithstanding any such Exchange or Related Exchange closing prior to its Scheduled 
Closing Time; or 
(ii) 
where the Index is specified in the applicable Issue Terms as being a Designated Multi-
Exchange Index, any Scheduled Trading Day on which (i) the Index Sponsor publishes the 
level of the Index and (ii) each Related Exchange is open for trading during its regular trading 
session, notwithstanding any such Related Exchange closing prior to its Scheduled Closing 
Time. 
“Indices” and “Index” mean, subject to adjustment in accordance with Condition 7(c), the indices or 
index specified in the applicable Issue Terms and related expressions shall be construed accordingly. 
“Index Sponsor” means, in relation to an Index, the corporation or other entity that (a) is responsible 
for setting and reviewing the rules and procedures and the methods of calculation and adjustments, if 
any, related to such Index and (b) announces (directly or through an agent) the level of such Index on 
a regular basis during each Scheduled Trading Day, which as of the Issue Date is the index sponsor 
specified for such Index in the applicable Issue Terms.  
“Market Disruption Event” means: 
(i) 
in respect of an Index other than a Designated Multi-Exchange Index:

--- Page 157 ---
154 
 
(A) 
the occurrence or existence at any time during the one hour period that ends at the 
relevant Valuation Time of: 
(x) 
any suspension of or limitation imposed on trading by the relevant Exchange 
or Related Exchange or otherwise and whether by reason of movements in 
price exceeding limits permitted by the relevant Exchange or Related 
Exchange or otherwise: 
(1) 
on any relevant Exchange(s) relating to securities/commodities that 
comprise 20 per cent. or more of the level of the relevant Index; or 
(2) 
in futures or options contracts relating to the relevant Index on any 
relevant Related Exchange; or 
(y) 
any event (other than an event described in (ii) below) that disrupts or impairs 
(as determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability of market participants in 
general (x) to effect transactions in, or obtain market values for, on any 
relevant Exchange(s) securities/commodities that comprise 20 per cent. or 
more of the level of the relevant Index, or (y) to effect transactions in, or obtain 
market values for, futures or options contracts relating to the relevant Index 
on any relevant Related Exchange,   
which in either case the Calculation Agent determines is material; or  
(B) 
the closure on any Exchange Business Day of any relevant Exchange(s) relating to 
securities/commodities that comprise 20 per cent. or more of the level of the relevant 
Index or any Related Exchange(s) prior to its Scheduled Closing Time unless such 
earlier closing time is announced by such Exchange(s) or such Related Exchange(s), 
as the case may be, at least one hour prior to the earlier of (A) the actual closing time 
for the regular trading session on such Exchange(s) or such Related Exchange(s) on 
such Exchange Business Day or, if earlier, (B) the submission deadline for orders to 
be entered into the Exchange or Related Exchange system for execution at the 
Valuation Time on such Exchange Business Day; or  
(ii) 
in respect of a Designated Multi-Exchange Index either:  
(A) 
the occurrence or existence, in respect of any Component Security, of:  
(x) 
a Trading Disruption in respect of such Component Security, which the 
Calculation Agent determines is material, at any time during the one hour 
period that ends at the relevant Valuation Time in respect of the Exchange in 
respect of such Component Security;  
(y) 
an Exchange Disruption in respect of such Component Security, which the 
Calculation Agent determines is material, at any time during the one hour 
period that ends at the relevant Valuation Time in respect of the Exchange in 
respect of such Component Security; or 
(z) 
an Early Closure in respect of such Component Security, which the 
Calculation Agent determines is material; and  
the aggregate of all Component Securities in respect of which a Trading Disruption, 
an Exchange Disruption or an Early Closure occurs or exists, comprises 20 per cent. 
or more of the level of the Index; or  
(B) 
the occurrence or existence, in respect of futures or options contracts relating to the 
Index, of: (A) a Trading Disruption at any time during the one hour period that ends at 
the Valuation Time in respect of any Related Exchange, (B) an Exchange Disruption 
at any time during the one hour period that ends at the Valuation Time in respect of

--- Page 158 ---
155 
 
any Related Exchange or (C) an Early Closure, in each case in respect of such futures 
or options contracts and which the Calculation Agent determines is material. 
As used above: 
“Early Closure” means the closure on any Exchange Business Day of the Exchange in respect of any 
Component Security or any Related Exchange prior to its Scheduled Closing Time unless such earlier 
closing is announced by such Exchange or Related Exchange, as the case may be, at least one hour 
prior to the earlier of: (i) the actual closing time for the regular trading session on such Exchange or 
Related Exchange, as the case may be, on such Exchange Business Day; and (ii) the submission 
deadline for orders to be entered into the relevant Exchange or Related Exchange system for execution 
at the relevant Valuation Time on such Exchange Business Day. 
“Exchange Disruption” means any event (other than an Early Closure) that disrupts or impairs (as 
determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability of market participants in general to effect transactions 
in, or obtain market values for: (i) any Component Security on the Exchange in respect of such 
Component Security; or (ii) futures or options contracts relating to the Index on any Related Exchange. 
“Trading Disruption” means any suspension of or limitation imposed on trading by the relevant 
Exchange or Related Exchange, as the case may be, or otherwise and whether by reason of 
movements in price exceeding limits permitted by the relevant Exchange or Related Exchange or 
otherwise: (i) relating to any Component Security on the Exchange in respect of such Component 
Security; or (ii) in futures or options contracts relating to the Index on any Related Exchange. 
For the purposes of determining whether a Market Disruption Event in respect of an Index or a 
Component Security exists at any time, if a Market Disruption Event occurs in respect of a 
security/commodity included in the Index or such Component Security at that time, then the relevant 
percentage contribution of that security/commodity or Component Security, as the case may be, to the 
level of the Index shall be based on a comparison of (i) the portion of the level of the Index attributable 
to that security/commodity or Component Security, as the case may be, and (ii) the overall level of the 
Index, in each case either (a) except where the Index is a Designated Multi-Exchange Index, 
immediately before the occurrence of such Market Disruption Event or (b) where the Index is a 
Designated Multi-Exchange Index, using the official opening weightings as published by the Index 
Sponsor as part of the market “opening data”.  
"Observation Date (Closing Valuation)" means, if specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms, in respect of an Index and an Observation Period, (i) each Scheduled Trading Day which is not 
a Disrupted Day for such Index falling in the Observation Period and (ii) each Specified Observation 
Date (Closing Valuation). "Specified Observation Date (Closing Valuation)" means, in respect of an 
Index and if specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, each date specified as such in the 
relevant Issue Terms, notwithstanding that such day may not be a Scheduled Trading Day or is a 
Disrupted Day for such Index.  
"Observation Date (Intra-Day Valuation)" means, if specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms, in respect of an Index and an Observation Period, (i) each day falling in the Observation Period 
on which the Index Sponsor publishes one or more official levels for such Index, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent, regardless of whether such day is a Scheduled Trading Day or is a Disrupted Day 
for such Index, and (ii) each Specified Observation Date (Intra-Day Valuation). "Specified 
Observation Date (Intra-Day Valuation)" means, in respect of an Index and if specified to be 
applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, each date specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms, 
notwithstanding that such day may not be a day on which the Index Sponsor publishes any official 
level for such Index.  
“Observation Period” means each relevant period specified in the relevant Issue Terms;  
“Reference Price” means, in relation to a Valuation Date:  
(i) 
where the Notes are specified in the applicable Issue Terms to relate to a single Index, an 
amount (which shall be deemed to be an amount of the Specified Currency) equal to the official 
closing level of the Index as determined by the Calculation Agent (or if a Valuation Time other 
than the Scheduled Closing Time is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the level of the

--- Page 159 ---
156 
 
Index determined by the Calculation Agent at such Valuation Time) on that Valuation Date (as 
defined below), without regard to any subsequently published correction; and  
(ii) 
where the Notes are specified in the applicable Issue Terms to relate to a Basket of Indices, 
an amount (which shall be deemed to be an amount of the Specified Currency) equal to the 
sum of the values calculated for each Index as the official closing level of each Index as 
determined by the Calculation Agent (or if a Valuation Time other than the Scheduled Closing 
Time is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the level of the Index determined by the 
Calculation Agent at such Valuation Time) on that Valuation Date, without regard to any 
subsequently published correction, multiplied by the relevant Multiplier specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms.  
“Related Exchange” means, in relation to an Index, each exchange or quotation system specified as 
such for such Index in the applicable Issue Terms, any successor to such exchange or quotation 
system or any substitute exchange or quotation system to which trading in futures or options contracts 
relating to such Index has temporarily relocated (provided that the Calculation Agent has determined 
that there is comparable liquidity relative to the futures or options contracts relating to such Index on 
such temporary substitute exchange or quotation system as on the original Related Exchange), 
provided that where “All Exchanges” is specified as the Related Exchange in the applicable Issue 
Terms, “Related Exchange” shall mean each exchange or quotation system where trading has a 
material effect (as determined by the Calculation Agent) on the overall market for futures or options 
contracts relating to such Index. 
“Scheduled Closing Time” means, in respect of an Exchange or Related Exchange and a Scheduled 
Trading Day, the scheduled weekday closing time of such Exchange or Related Exchange on such 
Scheduled Trading Day, without regard to after hours or any other trading outside of the regular trading 
session hours. 
“Scheduled Trading Day” means: 
(i) 
where the Index is not specified in the applicable Issue Terms as being a Designated Multi-
Exchange Index, any day on which each Exchange and each Related Exchange are 
scheduled to be open for trading for their respective regular trading sessions; or   
(ii) 
where the Index is specified in the applicable Issue Terms as being a Designated Multi-
Exchange Index, (i) any day on which the Index Sponsor is scheduled to publish the level of 
that Index and (ii) each Related Exchange is scheduled to be open for trading for its regular 
trading session.  
“Scheduled Valuation Date” means, in relation to a Valuation Date, any original date that, but for the 
occurrence of an event causing a Disrupted Day, would have been that Valuation Date.  
“Strike Price” means the amount specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
“Valuation Date” means the date or, in the case of Index Linked Notes, each date specified as such 
in the applicable Issue Terms or, if any such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following 
Scheduled Trading Day unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, such day is a Disrupted Day. 
If such day is a Disrupted Day then: 
(i) 
where the Notes are specified in the applicable Issue Terms to relate to a single Index, that 
Valuation Date shall be the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted 
Day, unless each of the eight Scheduled Trading Days immediately following the Scheduled 
Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day. In that case (i) that eighth Scheduled Trading Day shall be 
deemed to be that Valuation Date notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day 
and (ii) the Calculation Agent shall, where practicable, determine the Reference Price in the 
manner set out in the applicable Issue Terms or, if not set out or not so practicable, determine 
the Reference Price by determining the level of the Index as of the Valuation Time on that 
eighth Scheduled Trading Day in accordance with the formula for and method of calculating 
the Index last in effect prior to the occurrence of the first Disrupted Day using the Exchange 
traded or quoted price as of the Valuation Time on that eighth Scheduled Trading Day of each

--- Page 160 ---
157 
 
security/commodity comprised in the Index (or if an event giving rise to a Disrupted Day has 
occurred in respect of the relevant security/commodity on that eighth Scheduled Trading Day, 
its good faith estimate of the value for the relevant security/commodity as of the Valuation 
Time on that eighth Scheduled Trading Day); or  
(ii) 
where the Notes are specified in the applicable Issue Terms to relate to a Basket of Indices, 
that Valuation Date for each Index not affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be 
the Scheduled Valuation Date and that Valuation Date for each Index affected by the 
occurrence of a Disrupted Day (each an “Affected Index”) shall be the first succeeding 
Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day relating to the Affected Index, unless each 
of the eight Scheduled Trading Days immediately following the Scheduled Valuation Date is a 
Disrupted Day relating to that Index. In that case, (i) that eighth Scheduled Trading Day shall 
be deemed to be the Valuation Date for the Affected Index, notwithstanding the fact that such 
day is a Disrupted Day, and (ii) the Calculation Agent shall, where applicable, determine the 
Reference Price using, in relation to the Affected Index, the level of that Index determined in 
the manner set out in the applicable Issue Terms or, if not set out or if not so practicable, using 
the level of that Index as of the Valuation Time on that eighth Scheduled Trading Day in 
accordance with the formula for and method of calculating that Index last in effect prior to the 
occurrence of the Disrupted Day using the Exchange traded or quoted price as of the Valuation 
Time on that eighth Scheduled Trading Day of each security/commodity comprised in that 
Index (or, if an event giving rise to a Disrupted Day has occurred in respect of the relevant 
security/commodity on that eighth Scheduled Trading Day, its good faith estimate of the value 
for the relevant security/commodity as of the Valuation Time on that eighth Scheduled Trading 
Day). 
“Valuation Time” means: 
(i) 
where the Index is not specified in the applicable Issue Terms as being a Designated Multi-
Exchange Index, the Valuation Time specified in the applicable Issue Terms or, if no Valuation 
Time is specified, the Scheduled Closing Time on the relevant Exchange on the relevant 
Valuation Date in relation to each Index to be valued. If the relevant Exchange closes prior to 
its Scheduled Closing Time and the specified Valuation Time is after the actual closing time 
for its regular trading session, then the Valuation Time shall be such actual closing time; or  
(ii) 
where the Index is specified in the applicable Issue Terms as being a Designated Multi-
Exchange Index, the Valuation Time specified in the applicable Issue Terms or, if no Valuation 
Time is specified, (i) for the purposes of determining whether a Market Disruption Event has 
occurred: (A) in respect of a Component Security, the Scheduled Closing Time on the relevant 
Exchange and (B) in respect of any options contracts or futures contracts on the Index, the 
close of trading on the relevant Related Exchange, and (ii) in all other circumstances, the time 
at which the official closing level of the Index is calculated and published by the Index Sponsor. 
If, for the purposes of (i) above, the relevant Exchange closes prior to its Scheduled Closing 
Time and the specified Valuation Time is after the actual closing time for its regular trading 
session, then the Valuation Time shall be such actual closing time. 
(b) 
Redemption of Index Linked Notes 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, each nominal amount (the “Specified 
Amount”) of the Notes equal to the Calculation Amount set out in the applicable Issue Terms will be 
redeemed by the Issuer at its Final Redemption Amount (as set out in the applicable Issue Terms) on 
the Maturity Date. 
(c) 
Adjustments to an Index 
(i) 
Successor Index Sponsor Calculates and Reports an Index  
If a relevant Index is (A) not calculated and announced by the Index Sponsor but is calculated and 
announced by a successor sponsor (a “Successor Index Sponsor”) acceptable to the Calculation 
Agent or (B) replaced by a successor index using, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, the

--- Page 161 ---
158 
 
same or a substantially similar formula for and method of calculation as used in the calculation of that 
Index, then, in each case, that index (the “Successor Index”) will be deemed to be the Index.  
(ii) 
Modification and Cessation of Calculation of an Index 
If (x) on or prior to a Valuation Date the relevant Index Sponsor makes or announces that it will make 
a material change in the formula for or the method of calculating a relevant Index or in any other way 
materially modifies that Index (other than a modification prescribed in that formula or method to 
maintain that Index in the event of changes in constituent stock and capitalization, contracts or 
commodities and other routine events) (an “Index Modification”) or permanently cancels the Index 
and no Successor Index exists (an “Index Cancellation”), or (y) on a Valuation Date the Index Sponsor 
or (if applicable) the Successor Index Sponsor fails to calculate and announce a relevant Index (an 
“Index Disruption” and, together with an Index Modification and an Index Cancellation, each an 
“Index Adjustment Event”), then the Issuer may take the action described in (A) or (B) below:  
(A) 
require the Calculation Agent to determine if such Index Adjustment Event has a 
material effect on the Notes and, if so, shall calculate the Reference Price using, in 
lieu of a published level for that Index, the level for that Index as at the Valuation Time 
on that Valuation Date as determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
formula for and method of calculating that Index last in effect prior to the change, 
failure or cancellation, but using only those securities/commodities that comprised that 
Index immediately prior to that Index Adjustment Event; or  
(B) 
give notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 22 and redeem all, but 
not some only, of the Notes, each nominal amount of Notes equal to the Calculation 
Amount being redeemed at the Early Redemption Amount.  
(iii) 
Correction of an Index 
If Correction of Index Levels is specified as applying in the applicable Issue Terms and the official 
closing level of an Index published on a Valuation Date is subsequently corrected and the correction 
(the “Corrected Index Level”) is published by the Index Sponsor or (if applicable) the Successor Index 
Sponsor prior to the Correction Cut-Off Date specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then such 
Corrected Index Level shall be deemed to be the closing level for such Index for that Valuation Date 
and the Calculation Agent shall use such Corrected Index Level in determining the relevant Interest 
Amount and/or Redemption Amount. 
(iv) 
Notice 
Upon the occurrence of an Index Adjustment Event, the Issuer shall give notice as soon as practicable 
to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 22 giving details of the action proposed to be taken in 
relation thereto.  
8. 
Equity Linked Notes 
(a) 
Definitions  
For the purposes of this Condition 8: 
“Disrupted Day” means any Scheduled Trading Day on which a relevant Exchange or any Related 
Exchange fails to open for trading during its regular trading session or on which a Market Disruption 
Event has occurred. 
“Equity Issuer” means, in relation to an Underlying Equity, the issuer of such Underlying Equity. 
“Exchange” means, in respect of an Underlying Equity, each exchange or quotation system specified 
as such for such Underlying Equity in the applicable Issue Terms, any successor to such exchange or 
quotation system or any substitute exchange or quotation system to which trading in the Underlying 
Equity has temporarily relocated (provided that the Calculation Agent has determined that there is

--- Page 162 ---
159 
 
comparable liquidity relative to such Underlying Equity on such temporary substitute exchange or 
quotation system as on the original Exchange). 
“Exchange Business Day” means any Scheduled Trading Day on which each Exchange and each 
Related Exchange are open for trading during their respective regular trading sessions, 
notwithstanding any such Exchange or Related Exchange closing prior to its Scheduled Closing Time. 
“Market Disruption Event” means, in respect of an Underlying Equity: 
(i) 
the occurrence or existence at any time during the one hour period that ends at the relevant 
Valuation Time of: 
(A) 
any suspension of or limitation imposed on trading by the relevant Exchange or 
Related Exchange or otherwise and whether by reason of movements in price 
exceeding limits permitted by the relevant Exchange or Related Exchange or 
otherwise: 
(x) 
relating to the Underlying Equity on the Exchange; or 
(y) 
in futures or options contracts relating to the Underlying Equity on any relevant 
Related Exchange; or 
(B) 
any event (other than an event described in (b) below) that disrupts or impairs (as 
determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability of market participants in general (A) 
to effect transactions in, or obtain market values for, the Underlying Equities on the 
Exchange, or (B) to effect transactions in, or obtain market values for, futures or 
options contracts relating to the relevant Underlying Equity on any relevant Related 
Exchange, 
which in either case the Calculation Agent determines is material; or  
(ii) 
the closure on any Exchange Business Day of any relevant Exchange(s) or Related 
Exchange(s) prior to its Scheduled Closing Time unless such earlier closing time is announced 
by such Exchange(s) or such Related Exchange(s), as the case may be, at least one hour 
prior to (A) the actual closing time for the regular trading session on such Exchange(s) or such 
Related Exchange(s) on such Exchange Business Day or if earlier (B) the submission deadline 
for orders to be entered into the Exchange or Related Exchange system for execution at the 
Valuation Time on such Exchange Business Day. 
"Observation Date (Closing Valuation)" means, if specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms, in respect of an Equity and an Observation Period, (i) each Scheduled Trading Day which is 
not a Disrupted Day for such Equity falling in the Observation Period, and (ii) each Specified 
Observation Date (Closing Valuation). "Specified Observation Date (Closing Valuation)" means, in 
respect of an Equity and if specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, each date specified 
as such in the relevant Issue Terms, notwithstanding that such day may not be a Scheduled Trading 
Day or is a Disrupted Day for such Equity. 
"Observation Date (Intra-Day Valuation)" means, if specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms, in respect of an Equity and an Observation Period, (i) each day falling in the Observation Period 
on which such Equity is traded on the relevant Exchange, regardless of whether such day is a 
Scheduled Trading Day or is a Disrupted Day for such Equity, and (ii) each Specified Observation Date 
(Intra-Day Valuation). "Specified Observation Date (Intra-Day Valuation)" means, in respect of an 
Equity and if specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, each date specified as such in the 
relevant Issue Terms, notwithstanding that such day may not be a day on which such Equity is traded 
on the relevant Exchange. 
“Observation Period” means each relevant period specified in the relevant Issue Terms;

--- Page 163 ---
160 
 
“Reference Price” means, in relation to a Valuation Date: 
(i) 
where the Notes are specified in the applicable Issue Terms to relate to a single Underlying 
Equity, an amount equal to the official closing price on that Valuation Date (or, if so specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms the price at the Valuation Time on that Valuation Date) of the 
Underlying Equity quoted on the Exchange without regard to any subsequently published 
correction as determined by the Calculation Agent (or if, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, 
no such price (or, as the case may be, no such official closing price) can be determined at 
such time and, if either Disrupted Day is specified as applying in the applicable Issue Terms 
and that Valuation Date is not a Disrupted Day or if Disrupted Day is specified as not applying 
in the applicable Issue Terms, an amount determined by the Calculation Agent to be equal to 
the arithmetic mean of the fair market buying price at the Valuation Time on that Valuation 
Date and the fair market selling price at the Valuation Time on that Valuation Date for the 
Underlying Equity based, at the Calculation Agent’s discretion, either on the arithmetic mean 
of the foregoing prices or the middle market quotations provided to it by two or more financial 
institutions (as selected by the Calculation Agent) engaged in the trading of the Underlying 
Equity or on such other factors as the Calculation Agent shall decide). The amount determined 
pursuant to the foregoing shall be converted, if Exchange Rate is specified as applying in the 
applicable Issue Terms, into the Specified Currency at the Exchange Rate and such converted 
amount shall be the Reference Price; and  
(ii) 
where the Notes are specified in the applicable Issue Terms to relate to a Basket of Underlying 
Equities, an amount equal to the sum of the values calculated for each Underlying Equity as 
the official closing price on that Valuation Date (or, if so specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
the price at the Valuation Time on that Valuation Date) of the Underlying Equity quoted on the 
relevant Exchange without regard to any subsequently published correction as determined by 
the Calculation Agent (or if, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, no such price (or, as the 
case may be, any such official closing price) can be determined at such time and, if Disrupted 
Day is specified as applying in the applicable Issue Terms, and that Valuation Date is not a 
Disrupted Day or if Disrupted Day is specified as not applying in the applicable Issue Terms, 
an amount determined by the Calculation Agent to be equal to the arithmetic mean of the fair 
market buying price at the Valuation Time (or, as the case may be, of the closing fair market 
buying price) on that Valuation Date and the fair market selling price at the Valuation Time (or, 
as the case may be, of the closing fair market selling price) on that Valuation Date for the 
Underlying Equity based, at the Calculation Agent’s discretion, either on the arithmetic mean 
of the foregoing prices or the middle market quotations provided to it by two or more financial 
institutions (as selected by the Calculation Agent) engaged in the trading of the Underlying 
Equity or on such other factors as the Calculation Agent shall decide), multiplied by the 
Multiplier specified in the applicable Issue Terms. Each value determined pursuant to the 
foregoing shall be converted, if Exchange Rate is specified as applying in the applicable Issue 
Terms, into the Specified Currency at the Exchange Rate and the sum of such converted 
amounts shall be the Reference Price. 
“Related Exchange” means, in relation to an Underlying Equity, each exchange or quotation system 
specified as such in relation to such Underlying Equity in the applicable Issue Terms, any successor 
to such exchange or quotation system or any substitute exchange or quotation system to which trading 
in futures or options contracts relating to such Underlying Equity has temporarily relocated (provided 
that the Calculation Agent has determined that there is comparable liquidity relative to the futures or 
options contracts relating to such Underlying Equity on such temporary substitute exchange or 
quotation system as on the original Related Exchange), provided that where “All Exchanges” is 
specified as the Related Exchange in the applicable Issue Terms, “Related Exchange” shall mean 
each exchange or quotation system where trading has a material effect (as determined by the 
Calculation Agent) on the overall market for futures or options contracts relating to such Underlying 
Equity. 
“Scheduled Closing Time” means, in respect of an Exchange or Related Exchange and a Scheduled 
Trading Day, the scheduled weekday closing time of such Exchange or Related Exchange on such 
Scheduled Trading Day, without regard to after hours or any other trading outside of the regular trading 
session hours.

--- Page 164 ---
161 
 
“Scheduled Trading Day” means any day on which each Exchange and each Related Exchange are 
scheduled to be open for trading for their respective regular trading sessions. 
“Scheduled Valuation Date” means, in relation to a Valuation Date, any original date that, but for the 
occurrence of an event causing a Disrupted Day, would have been that Valuation Date. 
“Strike Price” means the amount specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
“Underlying Equities” and “Underlying Equity” mean, subject to adjustment in accordance with 
Condition 8(c), the equity securities or equity security specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms 
and related expressions shall be construed accordingly. 
“Valuation Date” means the date or, in the case of Equity Linked Notes, each date specified as such 
in the applicable Issue Terms or, if any such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following 
Scheduled Trading Day unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, such day is a Disrupted Day. 
If such day is a Disrupted Day: 
(i) 
where the Notes are specified in the applicable Issue Terms to relate to a single Underlying 
Equity, that Valuation Date shall be the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that is not a 
Disrupted Day, unless each of the eight Scheduled Trading Days immediately following the 
Scheduled Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day. In that case (i) the eighth Scheduled Trading 
Day shall be deemed to be that Valuation Date, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a 
Disrupted Day, and (ii) the Calculation Agent shall, where practicable, determine the 
Reference Price in the manner set out in the applicable Issue Terms or, if not set out or not so 
practicable, determine the Reference Price in accordance with its good faith estimate of the 
Reference Price as of the Valuation Time on that eighth Scheduled Trading Day; or 
(ii) 
where the Notes are specified in the applicable Issue Terms to relate to a Basket of Underlying 
Equities, that Valuation Date for each Underlying Equity not affected by the occurrence of a 
Disrupted Day shall be the Scheduled Valuation Date and that Valuation Date for each 
Underlying Equity affected (each an “Affected Equity”) by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day 
shall be the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day relating to the 
Affected Equity unless each of the eight Scheduled Trading Days immediately following the 
Scheduled Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day relating to the Affected Equity. In that case (i) 
that eighth Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be that Valuation Date for the Affected 
Equity, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day, and (ii) the Calculation Agent 
shall, where practicable, determine the Reference Price using, in relation to the Affected 
Equity, a price determined in the manner set out in the applicable Issue Terms or, if not set 
out or if not so practicable, using its good faith estimate of the value for the Affected Equity as 
of the Valuation Time on that eighth Scheduled Trading Day and otherwise in accordance with 
the above provisions. 
“Valuation Time” means the Valuation Time specified in the applicable Issue Terms or, if no 
Valuation Time is specified, the Scheduled Closing Time on the relevant Exchange on the relevant 
Valuation Date in relation to each Underlying Equity to be valued. If the relevant Exchange closes 
prior to its Scheduled Closing Time and the specified Valuation Time is after the actual closing time 
for its regular trading session, then the Valuation Time shall be such actual closing time. 
(b) 
Redemption of Equity Linked Notes 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as specified below, each nominal amount 
(the “Specified Amount”) of Equity Linked Notes equal to the Calculation Amount set out in the 
applicable Issue Terms will be redeemed by the Issuer (A) if Cash Settlement is specified as applying 
in the applicable Issue Terms, by payment of the Redemption Amount on the Maturity Date or (B) if 
Physical Delivery is specified as applying in the applicable Issue Terms, by delivery of the Asset 
Amount on the Maturity Date or (C) if Cash Settlement and/or Physical Delivery is specified as applying 
in the applicable Issue Terms, by payment of the Redemption Amount and/or by delivery of the Asset 
Amount on the terms set out in the applicable Issue Terms, in each case on the Maturity Date, in each 
case subject as provided below.

--- Page 165 ---
162 
 
(c) 
Potential Adjustment Events, De-listing, Merger Event, Tender Offer, Nationalization and 
Insolvency, Correction of Share Prices and Adjustments for Equity Linked Notes in 
respect of Underlying Equities quoted in European Currencies 
(i) 
If Potential Adjustment Events are specified as applying in the applicable Issue Terms, then 
following the declaration by an Equity Issuer of the terms of any Potential Adjustment Event, 
the Calculation Agent will, in its sole and absolute discretion, determine whether such Potential 
Adjustment Event has a diluting, concentrative or other effect on the theoretical value of the 
Underlying Equities and, if so, will (a) make the corresponding adjustment, if any, to any one 
or more of the relevant Interest Amount and/or the Redemption Amount and/or the Asset 
Amount and/or the Strike Price and/or the Multiplier and/or any of the other terms of these 
Conditions and/or the applicable Issue Terms as the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute 
discretion determines appropriate to account for that diluting, concentrative or other effect 
(provided that no adjustments will be made to account solely for changes in volatility, expected 
dividends, stock loan rate or liquidity relative to the relevant Underlying Equity) and (b) 
determine the effective date of that adjustment. The Calculation Agent may (but need not) 
determine the appropriate adjustment by reference to the adjustment in respect of such 
Potential Adjustment Event made by an options exchange to options on the Underlying 
Equities traded on that options exchange.  
Upon making any such adjustment, the Issuer shall give notice as soon as practicable to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 22, stating the adjustment to the relevant Interest 
Amount and/or Redemption Amount and/or the Asset Amount, the Strike Price and/or the 
Multiplier and/or any of the other terms of these Conditions and/or the applicable Issue Terms 
and giving brief details of the Potential Adjustment Event.  
For the purposes of this Condition 8(c)(i): 
“Potential Adjustment Event” means any of the following: 
(A) 
a subdivision, consolidation or reclassification of relevant Underlying Equities (unless 
resulting in a Merger Event), or a free distribution or dividend of any such Underlying 
Equities to existing holders by way of bonus, capitalization or similar issue; 
(B) 
a distribution, issue or dividend to existing holders of the relevant Underlying Equities 
of (1) such Underlying Equities or (2) other share capital or securities granting the right 
to payment of dividends and/or the proceeds of liquidation of an Equity Issuer equally 
or proportionately with such payments to holders of such Underlying Equities or (3) 
share capital or other securities of another issuer acquired or owned (directly or 
indirectly) by the Equity Issuer as a result of a spin-off or other similar transaction or 
(4) any other type of securities, rights or warrants or other assets, in any case for 
payment (in cash or other consideration) at less than the prevailing market price as 
determined by the Calculation Agent; 
(C) 
an extraordinary dividend as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
(D) 
a call by an Equity Issuer in respect of relevant Underlying Equities that are not fully 
paid; 
(E) 
a repurchase by an Equity Issuer or any of its subsidiaries of relevant Underlying 
Equities whether out of profits or capital and whether the consideration for such 
repurchase is cash, securities or otherwise; 
(F) 
in respect of an Equity Issuer, an event that results in any shareholder rights being 
distributed or becoming separated from shares of common stock or other shares of 
the capital stock of such Equity Issuer, pursuant to a shareholder rights plan or 
arrangement directed against hostile takeovers that provides upon the occurrence of 
certain events for a distribution of preferred stock, warrants, debt instruments or stock 
rights at a price below their market value as determined by the Calculation Agent,

--- Page 166 ---
163 
 
provided that any adjustment effected as a result of such an event shall be readjusted 
upon any redemption of such rights; or 
(G) 
any other event that has or may have, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, a 
diluting, concentrative or other effect on the theoretical value of the relevant 
Underlying Equities. 
(ii) 
If (x) De-listing, Merger Event, Nationalization and Insolvency is specified as applying in the 
applicable Issue Terms and/or (y) if Tender Offer is specified as applying in the applicable 
Issue Terms and (in the case of (x)), a De-listing, Merger Event, Nationalization or Insolvency 
occurs or (in the case of (y)) a Tender Offer occurs, in each case, in relation to an Underlying 
Equity, the Issuer in its sole and absolute discretion may: 
(A) 
require the Calculation Agent to determine in its sole and absolute discretion the 
appropriate adjustment, if any, to be made to any one or more of the relevant Interest 
Amount and/or the Redemption Amount and/or the Asset Amount and/or the Strike 
Price and/or the Multiplier and/or any of the other terms of these Conditions and/or 
the applicable Issue Terms to account for the De-listing, Merger Event, Tender Offer, 
Nationalization or Insolvency, as the case may be, and determine the effective date 
of that adjustment. The relevant adjustments may in the case of adjustments following 
a Merger Event or Tender Offer include, without limitation, adjustments to account for 
changes in volatility, expected dividends, stock loan rate or liquidity relevant to the 
Underlying Equities; or 
(B) 
give notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 22 and redeem all, but 
not some only, of the Notes, each nominal amount of Notes equal to the Calculation 
Amount being redeemed at the Early Redemption Amount. 
If the provisions of Condition 8(c)(ii)(A) apply the Calculation Agent may (but need not) 
determine the appropriate adjustment by reference to the adjustment in respect of the 
Delisting, Merger Event, Tender Offer, Nationalization or Insolvency, as the case may be, 
made by an options exchange to options on the Underlying Equities traded on that options 
exchange. 
Upon the occurrence (if applicable) of a De-listing, Merger Event, Tender Offer, Nationalization 
or Insolvency, the Issuer shall give notice as soon as practicable to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 22 stating the occurrence of the De-listing, Merger Event, Tender 
Offer, Nationalization or Insolvency, as the case may be, giving details thereof and the action 
proposed to be taken in relation thereto. 
For the purposes of this Condition 8(c)(ii): 
“De-Listing” means, in respect of any relevant Underlying Equities, the Exchange announces 
that pursuant to the rules of such Exchange, such Underlying Equities cease (or will cease) to 
be listed, traded or publicly quoted on the Exchange for any reason (other than a Merger Event 
or Tender Offer) and are not immediately re-listed, re-traded or re-quoted on an exchange or 
quotation system located in the same country as the Exchange (or, where the Exchange is 
within the European Union, in any member state of the European Union); 
“Insolvency” means that by reason of the voluntary or involuntary liquidation, bankruptcy, 
insolvency, dissolution or winding-up of, or any analogous proceeding affecting, an Equity 
Issuer (A) all the Underlying Equities of that Equity Issuer are required to be transferred to a 
trustee, liquidator or other similar official or (B) holders of the Underlying Equities of that Equity 
Issuer become legally prohibited from transferring them; 
“Merger Date” means the closing date of a Merger Event or, where a closing date cannot be 
determined under the local law applicable to such Merger Event, such other date as 
determined by the Calculation Agent;

--- Page 167 ---
164 
 
“Merger Event” means, in respect of any relevant Underlying Equities, any (a) reclassification 
or change of such Underlying Equities that results in a transfer of, or an irrevocable 
commitment to transfer, all such Underlying Equities outstanding to another entity or person, 
(b) consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange of an Equity Issuer with 
or into another entity or person (other than a consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding 
share exchange in which such Equity Issuer is the continuing entity and which does not result 
in any such reclassification or change of all such Underlying Equities outstanding), (c) takeover 
offer, tender offer, exchange offer, solicitation, proposal or other event by any entity or person 
to purchase or otherwise obtain 100 per cent. of the outstanding Underlying Equities of the 
Equity Issuer that results in a transfer of or an irrevocable commitment to transfer all such 
Underlying Equities (other than such Underlying Equities owned or controlled by such other 
entity or person), or (d) consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange of 
the Equity Issuer or its subsidiaries with or into another entity in which the Equity Issuer is the 
continuing entity and which does not result in a reclassification or change of all such 
Underlying Equities outstanding but results in the outstanding Underlying Equities (other than 
Underlying Equities owned or controlled by such other entity) immediately prior to such event 
collectively representing less than 50 per cent. of the outstanding Underlying Equities 
immediately following such event, in each case if the Merger Date is on or before the relevant 
Valuation Date or, if the Notes are to be redeemed by delivery of Underlying Equities, the 
Maturity Date; 
“Nationalization” means that all the Underlying Equities or all or substantially all the assets of 
an Equity Issuer are nationalized, expropriated or are otherwise required to be transferred to 
any governmental agency, authority, entity or instrumentality thereof; and 
“Tender Offer” means a takeover offer, tender offer, exchange offer, solicitation, proposal or 
other event by any entity or person that results in such entity or person purchasing, or 
otherwise obtaining or having the right to obtain, by conversion or other means, greater than 
10 per cent. and less than 100 per cent. of the outstanding voting shares of the Equity Issuer, 
as determined by the Calculation Agent, based upon the making of filings with governmental 
or self-regulatory agencies or such other information as the Calculation Agent deems relevant. 
(iii) 
If Correction of Share Prices is specified as applying in the applicable Issue Terms and the 
price of an Underlying Equity published on a Valuation Date is subsequently corrected and the 
correction (the “Corrected Share Price”) is published on the relevant Exchange prior to the 
Correction Cut-Off Date specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then such Corrected Share 
Price shall be deemed to be the closing price for such Underlying Equity for that Valuation 
Date and the Calculation Agent shall use such Corrected Share Price in determining the 
relevant Interest Amount and/or Redemption Amount. 
(iv) 
In respect of Equity Linked Notes relating to Underlying Equities originally quoted, listed and/or 
dealt as of the Trade Date in a currency of a member state of the European Union that has 
not adopted the single currency in accordance with the Treaty establishing the European 
Community, as amended, if such Underlying Equities are at any time after the Trade Date 
quoted, listed and/or dealt exclusively in euro on the relevant Exchange, then the Calculation 
Agent will adjust any one or more of the relevant Interest Amount and/or the Redemption 
Amount and/or the Asset Amount and/or the Strike Price and/or the Multiplier and/or any of 
the other terms of these Conditions and/or the applicable Issue Terms as the Calculation Agent 
determines in its sole and absolute discretion to be appropriate to preserve the economic 
terms of the Notes. The Calculation Agent will make any conversion necessary for the 
purposes of any such adjustment as of the Valuation Time at an appropriate mid-market spot 
rate of exchange determined by the Calculation Agent prevailing as of the Valuation Time. No 
adjustments under this Condition 8(b)(iv) will affect the currency denomination of any 
payments in respect of the Notes. 
9. 
FX Linked Notes 
(a) 
Definitions 
For the purpose of this Condition 9:

--- Page 168 ---
165 
 
“Averaging Cut-Off Date” means, in respect of an Averaging Date, the fifth FX Business Day 
immediately following the original date on which the final Averaging Date was scheduled to fall, or, if 
earlier, the FX Business Day falling on or immediately preceding the second Business Day immediately 
preceding the date on which payment of any amount or delivery of any assets may have to be made 
pursuant to any calculation or determination made on such Averaging Date, provided that the 
Averaging Cut-Off Date shall not fall prior to the original date on which such final Averaging Date was 
scheduled to fall.  
“Averaging Date” means each Averaging Date specified in the applicable Issue Terms, or, if that is 
not an FX Business Day the first following day which is an FX Business Day, or, if earlier the Averaging 
Cut-Off Date (such day, the “Scheduled Averaging Date” corresponding to such Averaging Date). If 
an Averaging Date falls on the Averaging Cut-Off Date, then, subject to the applicable Issue Terms, 
the next applicable Disruption Fallback specified as a consequence of an FX Market Disruption Event 
shall apply (as if an FX Market Disruption Event had occurred), or, if none is specified, Calculation 
Agent Calculation shall be deemed to apply.   
“Base Currency” means the currency specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms.   
“Calculation Agent Determination” means, in respect of a Currency Price and any relevant day, that 
such Currency Price for such relevant day (or a method for determining such Currency Price) will be 
determined by the Calculation Agent taking into consideration all available information that in good 
faith it deems relevant.   
“Currency Price” means, in relation to each Note, as the case may be, the Currency Price specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms, or if not so specified in the applicable Issue Terms, in respect of each 
Subject Currency, an amount equal to the spot rate of exchange appearing on the FX Price Source at 
the Valuation Time on (a) if Averaging is not specified as being applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms, the Valuation Date or (b) if Averaging is specified as being applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms, an Averaging Date, for the exchange of such Subject Currency into the Base Currency 
(expressed as the number of units (or part units) of the Subject Currency for which one unit of the Base 
Currency can be exchanged). 
“Currency-Reference Dealers” means, in respect of any relevant day, that the Calculation Agent will 
request each of the Reference Dealers to provide a quotation of its rate at which it will buy one unit of 
the Base Currency in units of the Subject Currency at the applicable Valuation Time on such relevant 
day. If, for any such rate, at least two quotations are provided, the relevant rate will be the arithmetic 
mean of the quotations. If fewer than two quotations are provided for any such rate, the relevant rate 
will be the arithmetic mean of the relevant rates quoted by major banks in the relevant market, selected 
by the Calculation Agent at or around the applicable Valuation Time on such relevant day.  
“Disruption Fallback” means, in respect of a Currency Price, Calculation Agent Determination, 
Currency-Reference Dealers, EM Fallback Valuation Postponement, EM Valuation Postponement, 
Fallback Reference Price, Other Published Sources, Postponement as specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms. The applicable Disruption Fallback in respect of a Currency Price shall be as specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms, and if two or more Disruption Fallbacks are specified, unless otherwise 
provided in the applicable Issue Terms, such Disruption Fallbacks shall apply in the order specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms, such that if the Calculation Agent determines that the Currency Price 
cannot be determined by applying one Disruption Fallback, then the next Disruption Fallback specified 
shall apply.  
“Fallback Reference Price(s)” means, in respect of a Currency Price, that the Currency Price for the 
relevant date will be the Alternate Price Source(s) specified in the applicable Issue Terms for such 
Currency Price, applied in the order specified in the applicable Issue Terms.   
“FX Business Day” means, in respect of a Currency Price, a day on which commercial banks and 
foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general business (including dealing in 
foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits), or but for the occurrence of an FX Market Disruption 
Event in respect of such Currency Price would have settled payments and been open for general 
business, in each of the Specified Financial Centers for such Currency Price, as specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms.

--- Page 169 ---
166 
 
“FX Disrupted Day” means any FX Business Day on which a FX Market Disruption Event occurs.   
“FX Market Disruption Event” means: 
(i) 
in respect of a Currency Price, the occurrence or existence, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent in its sole and absolute discretion, of any FX Price Source Disruption and/or any FX 
Trading Suspension or Limitation and/or, if specified as applicable in the Issue Terms, any 
Inconvertibility Event; and 
(ii) 
if the applicable Issue Terms provides that the EM Currency Provisions shall apply to a 
Currency Price, in respect of such Currency Price, the occurrence or existence, as determined 
by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion, of any FX Price Source Disruption, 
Price Materiality Event and/or, if specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, any 
Inconvertibility Event and/or Non-Transferability Event.   
“FX Price Source(s)” means, in respect of a Currency Price, the price source(s) specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms for such Currency Price, or if the relevant rate is not published or announced 
by such FX Price Source at the relevant time, the successor or alternative price source or 
page/publication for the relevant rate as determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute 
discretion.  
“FX Price Source Disruption” means it becomes impossible or otherwise impracticable to obtain 
and/or execute the relevant rate(s) required to calculate the Currency Price on the Averaging Date or 
Valuation Date or other relevant date, or, if different, the day on which rates for that Averaging Date or 
Valuation Date or other relevant date, as the case may be, would in the ordinary course be published 
or announced by the relevant FX Price Source.   
“FX Trading Suspension or Limitation” means the suspension of and/or limitation of trading in the 
rate(s) required to calculate the relevant Currency Price in the Interbank Market provided that such 
suspension or limitation of trading is material in the opinion of the Calculation Agent.   
“Inconvertibility Event” means the occurrence, as determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and 
absolute discretion, of any action, event or circumstance whatsoever which, from a legal or practical 
perspective: 
(i) 
has the direct or indirect effect of hindering, limiting or restricting (i) the convertibility of the 
relevant Subject Currency into the Base Currency, or (ii) the transfer of the Subject Currency 
or the Base Currency to countries other than the countries for which the Subject Currency or 
the Base Currency, as the case may be, is the lawful currency(including without limitation, by 
way of any delays, increased costs or discriminatory rates of exchange or any current or future 
restrictions); and/or 
(ii) 
results in the unavailability of any relevant Base Currency or Subject Currency in the interbank 
foreign exchange market in any Specified Financial Centre(s) in accordance with normal 
commercial practice.   
“Interbank Market” means the over-the-counter foreign exchange spot market open continuously from 
and including 5.00 a.m., Sydney time, on a Monday in any week to and including 5.00 p.m., New York 
time, on the Friday of such week.  
“Maximum Days of Postponement” means five (5) FX Business Days or such other number of FX 
Business Days (or other type of days) as specified in the applicable Issue Terms.   
“Non-Transferability Event” means the occurrence, as determined by the Calculation Agent in its 
sole and absolute discretion, of any event that generally makes it impossible to deliver (a) the Base 
Currency from accounts inside the Subject Currency Jurisdiction to accounts outside the Subject 
Currency Jurisdiction or (b) the Subject Currency between accounts inside the Subject Currency 
Jurisdiction or to a party that is a non-resident of the Subject Currency Jurisdiction.

--- Page 170 ---
167 
 
"Observation Date (Closing Valuation)" means, if specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms, in respect of an FX Rate and an Observation Period, (i) each FX Business Day which is not an 
FX Disrupted Day for such FX Rate falling in the Observation Period, and (ii) each Specified 
Observation Date (Closing Valuation). Where "Specified Observation Date (Closing Valuation)" 
means, in respect of an FX Rate and if specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, each 
date specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms, notwithstanding that such day may not be an FX 
Business Day or is an FX Disrupted Day for such FX Rate.  
"Observation Date (Intra-Day Valuation)" means, if specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms, in respect of an FX Rate and an Observation Period, each day falling in the Observation Period.  
“Observation Period” means each relevant period specified in the relevant Issue Terms;  
“Other Published Sources” means, in respect of any relevant day, that the Calculation Agent will 
determine the Currency Price on such relevant day on the basis of the exchange rate for one unit of 
the Base Currency in terms of the Subject Currency published by available recognized financial 
information vendors (as selected by the Calculation Agent) other than the applicable FX Price Source, 
at or around the applicable Valuation Time on such relevant day. 
“Postponement” means, in respect of a Valuation Date or an Averaging Date, if such day (or, if 
applicable, if the original day on which such Valuation Date or an Averaging Date, as the case may 
be, is scheduled to fall (as specified in the applicable Issue Terms) is postponed on account of such 
original day not being an FX Business Day, such postponed day) is an FX Disrupted Day, then: 
(i) 
where the FX Linked Notes relate to a single Currency Price, such Valuation Date or Averaging 
Date, as the case may be, shall be the first succeeding FX Business Day that is not an FX 
Disrupted Day, unless the Calculation Agent determines that each of the consecutive FX 
Business Days equal in number to the Maximum Days of Postponement immediately following 
such Scheduled Valuation Date or Scheduled Averaging Date, as the case may be, is an FX 
Disrupted Day. In that case, (i) that last consecutive FX Business Day shall be deemed to be 
the Valuation Date or the Averaging Date, as the case may be (notwithstanding the fact that 
such day may be an FX Disrupted Day) and (ii) the next applicable Disruption Fallback shall 
apply; or 
(ii) 
where the FX Linked Notes relate to a Basket of Currency Prices, such Valuation Date or 
Averaging Date, as the case may be, for each Currency Price not affected by the occurrence 
of an FX Disrupted Day shall be the Scheduled Valuation Date or Scheduled Averaging Date, 
as the case may be, and the Valuation Date for each Currency Price affected (each an 
“Affected Currency Price”) by the occurrence of an FX Disrupted Day shall be the first 
succeeding FX Business Day that is not an FX Disrupted Day relating to the Affected Currency 
Price, unless the Calculation Agent determines that each of the consecutive FX Business Days 
equal in number to the Maximum Days of Postponement immediately following such 
Scheduled Valuation Date or Scheduled Averaging Date, as the case may be, is an FX 
Disrupted Day. In that case for each Affected Currency Price, (i) that last consecutive FX 
Business Day shall be deemed to be the Valuation Date or the Averaging Date, as the case 
may be (notwithstanding the fact that such day may be an FX Disrupted Day) and (ii) the next 
applicable Disruption Fallback shall apply.  
“Price Materiality Event” means, in respect of a Currency Price and a Valuation Date, Averaging Date 
or other relevant date, that the FX Price Source differs from the Fallback Reference Price by at least 
the Price Materiality Percentage (and if both an FX Price Source Disruption and a Price Materiality 
Event occur or exist on any day, it shall be deemed that an FX Price Source Disruption and not a Price 
Materiality Event occurred or existed on such day). 
“Price Materiality Percentage” means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Issue 
Terms.  
“Reference Dealers” means, in respect of each Subject Currency, four leading dealers in the relevant 
foreign exchange market, as determined by the Calculation Agent (or any other number of dealers as 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms).

--- Page 171 ---
168 
 
“Specified Financial Centre(s)” means the financial centre(s) specified in the applicable Issue Terms.  
“Subject Currency” means the currency specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms.  
“Subject Currency Jurisdiction” means the country for which the Subject Currency is the lawful 
currency.  
“Valuation Cut-Off Date” means, in respect of a Valuation Date, the fifth FX Business Day immediately 
following the original date on which such Valuation Date was scheduled to fall, or, if earlier, the FX 
Business Day falling on or immediately preceding the second Business Day immediately preceding 
the date on which payment of any amount or delivery of any assets may have to be made pursuant to 
any calculation or determination made on such Valuation Date, provided that the Valuation Cut-Off 
Date shall not fall prior to the original date on which such Valuation Date was scheduled to fall.  
“Valuation Date” means: 
(i) 
if the applicable Issue Terms specifies that the EM Currency Provisions shall not apply to a 
Currency Price, each Valuation Date specified in the applicable Issue Terms or if that is not 
an FX Business Day the first following day which is an FX Business Day, or, if earlier the 
Valuation Cut-Off Date (such day, the “Scheduled Valuation Date” corresponding to such 
Valuation Date). If a Valuation Date falls on the Valuation Cut-Off Date, then, subject to the 
applicable Issue Terms, the first applicable Disruption Fallback specified as a consequence of 
an FX Market Disruption Event shall apply (as if an FX Market Disruption Event had occurred), 
or, if none is specified, Calculation Agent Determination shall be deemed to apply; or 
(ii) 
if the applicable Issue Terms specifies that the EM Currency Provisions shall apply to a 
Currency Price, each Valuation Date specified in the applicable Issue Terms (the “Scheduled 
Valuation Date” in respect of such Currency Price, if such day is an FX Business Day for such 
Currency Price, or if such day is not an FX Business Day only by reason of being an 
Unscheduled Holiday for such Currency Price), or the immediately preceding FX Business 
Day for such Currency Price, as determined by the Calculation Agent (the “Scheduled 
Valuation Date” in respect of such Currency Price, if such day is not an FX Business Day and 
is not an Unscheduled Holiday for such Currency Price), provided that such Valuation Date 
shall be subject to adjustment in accordance with Condition 9(c) and Condition 9(d). 
“Valuation Time” means the Valuation Time specified in the applicable Issue Terms.   
(b) 
Consequences of an FX Disrupted Day 
If the Calculation Agent determines that any Valuation Date or Averaging Date is an FX Disrupted Day, 
then the Currency Price for such Valuation Date or Averaging Date will be determined in accordance 
with the terms of the first applicable Disruption Fallback. The applicable Issue Terms may provide that 
one or more Disruption Fallbacks may apply to any Valuation Date or Averaging Date and that such 
applicable Disruption Fallbacks may apply concurrently or sequentially, in such manner as specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms. 
(c) 
EM Currency Provisions: Unscheduled Holiday 
(i) 
If the applicable Issue Terms provides that the EM Currency Provisions shall apply to a 
Currency Price or Fallback Reference Price, as applicable, and any Valuation Date or 
Averaging Date, and that Unscheduled Holidays shall be applicable, then, if the Calculation 
Agent determines that the relevant Scheduled Valuation Date or Scheduled Averaging Date, 
as applicable (each, a “Scheduled Reference Date”), is an Unscheduled Holiday for such 
Currency Price or Fallback Reference Price, then the Valuation Date or Averaging Date shall 
be postponed to the first FX Business Day falling after the Scheduled Reference Date (the 
“Adjusted Scheduled Reference Date”), provided that if such first FX Business Day has not 
occurred on or before the last day of the Maximum Days of Deferral, then the next day after 
the Last Deferred Day that would have been an FX Business Day but for a Unscheduled 
Holiday shall be deemed to be the Adjusted Scheduled Reference Date.

--- Page 172 ---
169 
 
(ii) 
The following terms and expressions shall have the following meanings: 
“Last Deferred Day” means, in respect of any postponement by a number of days equal to the 
Maximum Days of Deferral, the last day to which such day is postponed.  
“Maximum Days of Deferral” means such number of calendar days (or other type of days) as 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms.  
“Unscheduled Holiday” means, in respect of a Currency Price or Fallback Reference Price, as 
applicable, a day that is not an FX Business Day and the market was not aware of such fact (by means 
of a public announcement or by reference to other publicly available information) until a time later than 
9.00 a.m., local time in the Specified Financial Centre in respect of such Currency Price or Fallback 
Reference Price, two FX Business Days prior to such day. 
(d) 
EM Currency Provisions: EM Valuation Postponement  
If the applicable Issue Terms provides that the EM Currency Provisions shall apply to a Currency Price 
(which term shall include, where the Issue Terms provides that the prior applicable Disruption Fallback 
is “Fallback Reference Price”, the Currency Price determined using the applicable Fallback Reference 
Price) and any Valuation Date or Averaging Date, and that EM Valuation Postponement shall be 
applicable, then, if the Calculation Agent determines that the relevant Scheduled Reference Date (if 
the Scheduled Reference Date is not an Unscheduled Holiday for the Currency Price) or the Adjusted 
Scheduled Reference Date (if the Scheduled Reference Date is an Unscheduled Holiday for the 
Currency Price) is an FX Disrupted Day, then such Valuation Date or Averaging Date shall be the first 
FX Business Day which is not an FX Disrupted Day unless an FX Market Disruption Event continues 
to exist (measured from such Scheduled Reference Date or Adjusted Scheduled Reference Rate, as 
applicable) for a consecutive number of calendar days equal to the Maximum Days of EM Valuation 
Postponement. In that case, the Currency Price will be determined on the next FX Business Day after 
the Maximum Days of EM Valuation Postponement in accordance with the next applicable Disruption 
Fallback as specified in the applicable Issue Terms.  
Where “Maximum Days of EM Valuation Postponement” means such number of calendar days (or 
other type of days) as specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
(e) 
EM Currency Provisions: EM Fallback Valuation Postponement  
If the applicable Issue Terms provides that the EM Currency Provisions shall apply and that EM 
Fallback Valuation Postponement shall be applicable and where the Issue Terms provides that the 
prior applicable Disruption Fallback is “Fallback Reference Price”, if the Calculation Agent determines 
that the Currency Price (as determined by reference to the applicable Fallback Reference Price) is not 
available on (a) the first FX Business Day following the end of the Maximum Days of EM Valuation 
Postponement (where an FX Market Disruption Event has occurred or exists in respect of the Currency 
Price throughout the Maximum Days of EM Valuation Postponement) or (b) on the Adjusted Scheduled 
Reference Date (where the Adjusted Scheduled Reference Date falls after the Last Deferred Day) then 
the Valuation Date or Averaging Date shall be the first succeeding FX Business Day which is not an 
FX Disrupted Day in respect of the Currency Price unless an FX Market Disruption Event continues to 
exist throughout the Fallback Maximum Period of Postponement. In that case, the Currency Price will 
be determined on the Last Fallback Postponement Date in accordance with the next applicable 
Disruption Fallback.  
Where:  
“Fallback Maximum Period of Postponement” means the period commencing on, and including: 
(i) 
if an FX Market Disruption Event has occurred or exists in respect of the Currency Price 
throughout the Maximum Days of EM Valuation Postponement, the first FX Business Day 
following the end of the Maximum Days of EM Valuation Postponement; or 
(ii) 
if the Adjusted Scheduled Reference Date falls after the Last Deferred Day, the Adjusted 
Scheduled Reference Date,

--- Page 173 ---
170 
 
and ending on, and including, the third FX Business Day (or such other day as specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms) following such date as specified in paragraphs (a) and (b) above, as applicable 
(such date, the “Last Fallback Postponement Date”). 
(f) 
EM Currency Provisions: Cumulative Events  
If the applicable Issue Terms provides that the EM Currency Provisions shall apply to a Currency Price 
and any Valuation Date or Averaging Date, and that Cumulative Events shall be applicable, then the 
total number of consecutive calendar days during which (a) such Valuation Date or Averaging Date is 
deferred due to an Unscheduled Holiday, (b) an EM Valuation Postponement shall occur in respect of 
such Valuation Date or Averaging Date, or (c) an EM Fallback Valuation Postponement shall occur in 
respect of such Valuation Date or Averaging Date (or any combination of (a), (b) and (c)), shall not 
exceed the Maximum Days of Cumulative Postponement in the aggregate. Accordingly, (i) if such 
Valuation Date or Averaging Date is postponed by the number of calendar days equal to the Maximum 
Days of Cumulative Postponement owing to an EM Valuation Postponement or EM Fallback Valuation 
Postponement (or both), and an Unscheduled Holiday shall have occurred or be continuing on the day 
following the relevant Last Postponed Day that otherwise would have been an FX Business Day, then 
such day shall be deemed to be such Valuation Date or Averaging Date and (ii) if such Valuation Date 
or Averaging Date is postponed by the number of calendar days equal to the Maximum Days of 
Cumulative Postponement owing to Unscheduled Holidays, and on the first day after the Last 
Postponed Day, an applicable FX Market Disruption Event shall have occurred or be continuing, then 
the Currency Price in respect of such Valuation Date or Averaging Date or other relevant date shall be 
determined in accordance with the next applicable Disruption Fallback.  
Where:  
“Last Postponed Day” means, in respect of any postponement by a number of days equal to the 
Maximum Days of Cumulative Postponement, the last day to which such day is postponed; and  
“Maximum Days of Cumulative Postponement” means such number of calendar days (or other type 
of days) as specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
(g) 
Corrections to Published and Displayed Rates 
(i) 
In any case where a Currency Price is based on information obtained from the Reuters Monitor 
Money Rates Service, or any other financial information service, the Currency Price will be 
subject to the corrections, if any, to that information subsequently displayed by that source 
within one hour of the time when such rate is first displayed by such source, unless the 
Calculation Agent determines in its sole and absolute discretion that it is not practicable to 
take into account such correction. 
(ii) 
Notwithstanding Condition 9(g)(i), in any case where the Currency Price is based on 
information published or announced by any governmental authority in a relevant country, the 
Currency Price will be subject to the corrections, if any, to that information subsequently 
published or announced by that source within five calendar days of the relevant date, unless 
the Calculation Agent determines in its sole and absolute discretion that it is not practicable to 
take into account such correction. 
(h) 
Successor Currency  
Where the applicable Issue Terms specifies that “Successor Currency” is applicable in respect of a 
Currency Price, then: 
(i) 
each Subject Currency and Base Currency will be deemed to include any lawful successor 
currency to the Subject Currency or Base Currency (the “Successor Currency”); 
(ii) 
if the Calculation Agent determines that on or after the Issue Date (or such other date as 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms) but on or before any relevant date under the Notes 
on which an amount may be payable, a country has lawfully eliminated, converted,

--- Page 174 ---
171 
 
redenominated or exchanged its currency in effect on the Issue Date or any Successor 
Currency, as the case may be (the “Original Currency”) for a Successor Currency, then for 
the purposes of calculating any amounts of the Original Currency or effecting settlement 
thereof, any Original Currency amounts will be converted to the Successor Currency by 
multiplying the amount of Original Currency by a ratio of Successor Currency to Original 
Currency, which ratio will be calculated on the basis of the exchange rate set forth by the 
relevant country of the Original Currency for converting the Original Currency into the 
Successor Currency on the date on which the elimination, conversion, redenomination or 
exchange took place, as determined by the Calculation Agent. If there is more than one such 
date, the date closest to such relevant date will be selected (or such other date as may be 
selected by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion); 
(iii) 
notwithstanding paragraph (ii) above but subject to paragraph (iv) below, the Calculation Agent 
may (to the extent permitted by the applicable law), in good faith and in its sole and absolute 
discretion, select such other exchange rate or other basis for the conversion of an amount of 
the Original Currency to the Successor Currency and, will make such adjustment(s) that it 
determines to be appropriate, if any, to any variable, calculation methodology, valuation, 
settlement, payment terms or any other terms in respect of the Notes to account for such 
elimination, conversion, redenomination or exchange of the Subject Currency or Base 
Currency, as the case may be; and 
(iv) 
notwithstanding the foregoing provisions, with respect to any Subject Currency or Base 
Currency that is substituted or replaced by the Euro, the consequences of such substitution or 
replacement will be determined in accordance with applicable law. 
(i) 
Rebasing of Notes  
If the applicable Issue Terms specifies that “Rebasing” is applicable, then if, on or prior to any Valuation 
Date or Averaging Date or any other relevant date, the Calculation Agent is unable to obtain a value 
for a Subject Currency (because the Subject Currency and/or Base Currency ceases to exist, or for 
any other reason other than a temporary disruption, as determined by the Calculation Agent), the 
Calculation Agent may rebase the Notes against another foreign exchange rate determined by the 
Calculation Agent, in its sole and absolute discretion, to be a comparable foreign exchange rate. If the 
Calculation Agent determines in its sole and absolute discretion that there is no such a comparable 
foreign exchange rate, the Issuer may give notice to Holders in accordance with Condition 22 and 
redeem all, but not less than all, of the Notes, each nominal amount of Notes equal to the Calculation 
Amount being redeemed at the Early Redemption Amount.  
10. 
Fund Linked Notes 
(a) 
General Definitions 
“Averaging Date” means, in respect of an Actual Exercise Date, each date specified as an Averaging 
Date in the applicable Issue Terms. 
“Valuation Date” means each Valuation Date specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
(b) 
Provisions relating to Funds other than Exchange Traded Funds 
Conditions 10(c), (d) and (e) apply in respect of Funds other than Exchange Traded Funds. 
(c) 
Definitions (Funds other than Exchange Traded Funds) 
“Basket of Funds” means a basket composed of Funds in the relative proportions or number of 
Funds, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
“Fund” means, subject to adjustment in accordance with these Conditions, each fund specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms and related expressions shall be construed accordingly.

--- Page 175 ---
172 
 
“Fund Administrator” means the fund administrator, manager, trustee or similar person with the 
primary administrative responsibilities for a Fund according to the relevant Fund Documents. 
“Fund Adviser” means any person appointed in the role of discretionary investment manager or non-
discretionary investment adviser (including a non-discretionary investment adviser to a discretionary 
investment manager or to another non-discretionary investment adviser). 
“Fund Documents” means the constitutive and governing documents, subscription agreements and 
other agreements of a Fund specifying the terms and conditions relating to the related Fund Interest, 
as amended from time to time. 
“Fund Interest” means, subject to adjustment in accordance with these Conditions, each fund 
interest specified in the applicable Issue Terms and related expressions shall be construed 
accordingly. 
“Fund Redemption Valuation Date” means, in respect of a Fund Interest, the date as of which a 
Fund (or its Fund Service Provider that generally determines such value) would determine the net 
asset value of such Fund Interest for purposes of calculating the redemption proceeds to be paid to 
a Hypothetical Investor that has submitted a valid and timely notice for redemption of Fund Interests 
based on the value determined as of such date. 
“Fund Service Provider” means any person who is appointed to provide services, directly or 
indirectly, to a Fund, whether or not specified in the relevant Fund Documents, including without 
limitation any Fund Administrator, Fund Adviser, operator, management company, depositary, 
custodian, sub-custodian, prime broker, administrator, trustee, registrar and transfer agent or 
domiciliary agent. 
“Fund Valuation Date” means a date as of which a Fund (or its Fund Service Provider that generally 
determines such value) determines the value of the related Fund Interest. 
“Hypothetical Investor” means a hypothetical or actual investor (as determined by the Calculation 
Agent in the context of the relevant situation) in Fund Interests which is deemed to have the benefits 
and obligations, as provided in the relevant Fund Documents, of an investor holding Fund Interests 
at the relevant time. The Hypothetical Investor may be deemed by the Calculation Agent to be 
resident or organized in any jurisdiction, and to be, without limitation, the Issuer, the Calculation 
Agent or any of their affiliates (as determined by the Calculation Agent in the context of the relevant 
situation). 
“Removal Date” means, in respect of an Affected Fund Interest, the date on which the Calculation 
Agent determines that a Hypothetical Investor would receive the Removal Value in respect of a 
redemption or realization of such Affected Fund Interest effected as soon as reasonably practicable 
following the occurrence of the relevant Fund Event. 
“Removal Value” means, in respect of an Affected Fund Interest, the amount that the Calculation 
Agent determines a Hypothetical Investor would receive in cash on the redemption or realization of 
such Affected Fund Interest at the relevant time, provided that if any such redemption proceeds would 
comprise non-monetary assets the Removal Value may, at the sole and absolute discretion of the 
Calculation Agent, include only such amount (if any) that the Calculation Agent determines would be 
received by the Hypothetical Investor in respect of a realization (in whatsoever manner the 
Calculation Agent determines appropriate) of such non-monetary assets as soon as reasonably 
practicable after their receipt. 
“Scheduled Fund Redemption Valuation Date” means the date as of which a Fund (or its Fund 
Service Provider that generally determine such value) is scheduled, according to the relevant Fund 
Documents (without giving effect to any gating, deferral, suspension or other provisions permitting 
the Fund to delay or refuse redemption of Fund Interests), to determine the net asset value of the 
related Fund Interest for purposes of calculating the redemption proceeds to be paid to an investor 
that has submitted a valid and timely notice for redemption of Fund Interests based on the value 
determined as of such date.

--- Page 176 ---
173 
 
“Scheduled Fund Valuation Date” means, in respect of a Fund Interest, a date as of which the 
related Fund (or its Fund Service Provider that generally determines such value) is scheduled, 
according to the relevant Fund Documents (without giving effect to any gating, deferral, suspension 
or other provisions permitting the Fund to delay or refuse redemption of Fund Interests), to determine 
the value of the related Fund Interest or, if the Fund only reports its aggregate net asset value, the 
date as of which such Fund is scheduled to determine its aggregate net asset value. 
(d) 
Fund Events 
“Fund Event” means the occurrence of each of an Additional Disruption Event, a Fund Disruption 
Event and/or a Fund Extraordinary Event as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
“Fund Disruption Event” means at any time the occurrence or continuance of any of the following 
events, as determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion, if the Calculation 
Agent determines any such event is material: 
(i) 
“Fund Valuation Disruption” means (A) any continued postponement of any Scheduled 
Valuation Date due to such Scheduled Valuation Date not being a Scheduled Fund 
Redemption Valuation Date, (B) the failure of a Scheduled Fund Redemption Valuation Date 
in respect of a Fund Interest to be a Fund Redemption Valuation Date in respect of such Fund 
Interest or any continued postponement of such Fund Redemption Valuation Date, or (C) the 
failure of a Scheduled Fund Valuation Date in respect of a Fund Interest to be a Fund Valuation 
Date in respect of such Fund Interest or any continued postponement of such Fund Valuation 
Date;  
(ii) 
“Fund Settlement Disruption” means a failure by a Fund on any day to pay the full amount 
(whether expressed as a percentage or otherwise) of any fund redemption proceeds with 
respect to any Fund Interest scheduled to have been paid on or by such day according to the 
relevant Fund Documents (without giving effect to any gating, deferral, suspension or other 
provisions permitting the Fund to delay or refuse redemption of Fund Interests). 
“Fund Extraordinary Event” means each of the following events: 
(i) 
“Nationalization” means that all the Fund Interests or all or substantially all the assets of a 
Fund are nationalized, expropriated or are otherwise required to be transferred to any 
governmental agency, authority, entity or instrumentality thereof; 
(ii) 
“Insolvency” means that by reason of the voluntary or involuntary liquidation, bankruptcy, 
insolvency, dissolution or winding-up of or any analogous proceeding affecting a Fund, (A) all 
the Fund Interests of that Fund are required to be transferred to a trustee, liquidator or other 
similar official or (B) holders of the Fund Interests of that Fund become legally prohibited from 
transferring or redeeming them; 
(iii) 
“Fund Insolvency Event” means a Fund or relevant Fund Service Provider (A) is dissolved 
or has a resolution passed for its dissolution, winding-up or official liquidation (other than 
pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or merger); (B) makes a general assignment or 
Arrangement with or for the benefit of its creditors; (C) (I) institutes or has instituted against it, 
by a regulator, supervisor or any similar official with primary insolvency, rehabilitative or 
regulatory jurisdiction over it in the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization or the 
jurisdiction of its head or home office, a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or 
bankruptcy or any other relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other similar law 
affecting creditors’ rights, or a petition is presented for its winding-up or liquidation by it or such 
regulator, supervisor or similar official, or (II) has instituted against it a proceeding seeking a 
judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency 
law or other similar law affecting creditors’ rights, or a petition is presented for its winding up 
or liquidation, and such proceeding or petition is instituted or presented by a person or entity 
not described in clause (I) above and either (aa) results in a judgment of insolvency or 
bankruptcy or the entry of an order for relief or the making of an order for its winding-up or 
liquidation or (bb) is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained in each case within fifteen 
calendar days of the institution or presentation thereof; (D) seeks or becomes subject to the

--- Page 177 ---
174 
 
appointment of an administrator, provisional liquidator, conservator, receiver, trustee, 
custodian or other similar official for it or for all or substantially all its assets; (E) has a secured 
party take possession of all or substantially all its assets or has a distress, execution, 
attachment, sequestration or other legal process levied, enforced or sued on or against all or 
substantially all of its assets and such secured party maintains possession, or any such 
process is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained, in each case within fifteen calendar 
days thereafter; or (F) causes or is subject to any event with respect to it which, under the 
applicable laws of any jurisdiction, has an analogous effect to any of the events specified in 
paragraphs (E) and (F) above;  
(iv) 
“NAV Trigger Event” means that (A) the aggregate net asset value of a Fund (the “NAV”) has 
decreased by an amount equal to or greater than 30 per cent. since the Trade Date or, in 
respect of a Replacement Fund Interest, the relevant replacement date; or (B) a Fund has 
violated any leverage restriction that is applicable to, or affecting, it or its assets by operation 
of any law, any order or judgment of any court or other agency of government applicable to it 
or any of its assets, the relevant Fund Documents or any contractual restriction binding on or 
affecting the Fund or any of its assets; 
(v) 
“Adviser Resignation Event” means the resignation, termination of appointment, or 
replacement of a Fund’s Fund Adviser; 
(vi) 
“Fund Modification” means any change or modification of the relevant Fund Documents that 
could reasonably be expected to affect the value of a Fund Interest or the rights or remedies 
of any holders thereof (in each case, as determined by the Calculation Agent) from those 
prevailing on the Trade Date or, in respect of a Replacement Fund Interest, the relevant 
replacement date; or the imposition of any fees or charges in relation to redemptions, 
subscriptions or transfers of Fund Interests; 
(vii) 
“Strategy Breach” means any breach or violation of any strategy or investment guidelines 
stated in the relevant Fund Documents that is reasonably likely to affect the value of a Fund 
Interest or the rights or remedies of any holders thereof (in each case, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent); or any change of the nature of a Fund, including but not limited to the type 
of investments, the duration, the credit risk and diversification of the investments to which that 
Fund is exposed, which, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, results in a material 
deterioration of the risk profile of that Fund;  
(viii) 
“Regulatory Action” means (A) the cancellation, suspension or revocation of the registration 
or approval of a Fund Interest or the related Fund by any governmental, legal or regulatory 
entity with authority over such Fund Interest or Fund, (B) any change in the legal, tax, 
accounting, or regulatory treatments of a Fund or its Fund Adviser that is reasonably likely to 
have an adverse impact on the value of the related Fund Interest or on any investor therein 
(as determined by the Calculation Agent), or (C) a Fund or any of its Fund Administrator or 
Fund Adviser becoming subject to investigation, proceeding or litigation by any relevant 
governmental, legal or regulatory authority involving the alleged violation of applicable law for 
any activities relating to or resulting from the operation of such Fund, Fund Administrator or 
Fund Adviser; 
(ix) 
“Reporting Disruption” means (A) the occurrence of any event affecting a Fund Interest that, 
in the determination of the Calculation Agent, would make it impossible or impracticable for 
the Calculation Agent to determine the value of such Fund Interest in respect of a Scheduled 
Fund Valuation Date or a Scheduled Fund Redemption Valuation Date, and such event 
continues for at least two consecutive Scheduled Fund Valuation Dates or Scheduled Fund 
Redemption Valuation Dates, as the case may be; (B) any failure of a Fund to deliver, or cause 
to be delivered, (I) information that such Fund has agreed to deliver, or cause to be delivered 
to the Calculation Agent, including, but not limited to, information to determine the occurrence 
of a Fund Event and the annual audited financial report and semi-annual financial report, if 
any, in relation to the related Fund Interests, or (II) information that has been previously 
delivered to the Calculation Agent, in accordance with such Fund’s, or its authorized 
representative’s, normal practice and that the Calculation Agent deems necessary to monitor

--- Page 178 ---
175 
 
such Fund’s compliance with any investment guidelines, asset allocation methodologies or 
any other similar policies relating to the related Fund Interests;  
(x) 
“Fund Service Provider Cessation” means that one or more Fund Service Provider(s) in 
respect of a Fund ceases to provide the service as outlined in the relevant Fund Documents 
prevailing on the Trade Date or, where the related Fund Interest is a Replacement Fund 
Interest, the relevant replacement date, and any such Fund Service Provider is not 
immediately replaced by another service provider acceptable to the Calculation Agent; 
(xi) 
“Fund Administrator Disruption” means any event or circumstances compromising the 
independence of a Fund Administrator performing services for a Fund from the relevant Fund 
Adviser; or 
(xii) 
“Related Agreement Termination” means a Fund or any of its Fund Administrator or Fund 
Adviser is in breach of or has terminated any existing agreement with the Calculation Agent in 
respect of, but not limited to, retrocession, dealing fees, liquidity and licensing.  
Following the occurrence of a Fund Event, the Issuer may take the action described in (i) or (ii) below 
such that the Calculation Agent, in its sole and absolute discretion, determines to be practicable, which 
may be determined by the Calculation Agent after all necessary information has been obtained and/or 
released by the Fund: 
(i) 
require the Calculation Agent to make such determinations and/or adjustments to the 
Conditions and/or the applicable Issue Terms as it determines appropriate to account for the 
Fund Event, which may include, without limitation,  
(A) 
delaying any determination date (including any Valuation Date or Averaging Date) 
and/ or any date on which payment might otherwise have to be made under the terms 
of the applicable Issue Terms until it determines that no Fund Event exists;  
(B) 
determining that, in the sole and absolute discretion of the Calculation Agent, one or 
more Fund Events may continue until or after any scheduled determination dates 
and/or payment dates as set out in the applicable Issue Terms, and thereafter 
determining to fix any determination date (including any Valuation or Averaging Date) 
and/or date on which payment should be made, and making payment on such date of 
such amount as is appropriate, as determined in the sole and absolute discretion of 
the Calculation Agent, taking into account the Fund Event, and which may be based 
solely on any amounts of cash that a Hypothetical Investor in the Fund actually 
received from the Fund during the relevant period or periods (and which may be less 
than any relevant net asset value published for the Fund, and may be as low as zero); 
(C) 
calculating the value of a Fund Interest and/or replacing a Fund Interest (the “Affected 
Fund Interest”) with a replacement fund interest (the “Replacement Fund Interest”) 
with a value as determined by the Calculation Agent equal to the Removal Value for 
the Affected Fund Interest and in a fund which in the determination of the Calculation 
Agent has similar characteristics, investment objectives and policies to those 
applicable to the Fund in respect of the Affected Fund Interest immediately prior to the 
occurrence of the Fund Event; or  
(ii) 
on giving notice to the Holders in accordance with Condition 22, redeem all (but not less than 
all) of the Notes, each Note being redeemed at the Early Redemption Amount. 
If the Calculation Agent replaces an Affected Fund Interest with a Replacement Fund Interest, such 
replacement shall take effect on the first reasonably practicable date following the Removal Date for 
such Affected Fund Interest on which the Calculation Agent determines that a Hypothetical Investor 
could acquire the Replacement Fund Interest. 
Upon the occurrence of a Fund Event, the Issuer shall give notice as soon as reasonably practicable 
to the Holders in accordance with Condition 22, giving details of the action proposed to be taken in

--- Page 179 ---
176 
 
relation thereto, provided that any failure to give, or non-receipt of, such notice will not affect the validity 
of such action. 
(e) 
Fund Potential Adjustment Events 
“Fund Potential Adjustment Event” means any of the following: 
(a) 
a subdivision, consolidation or reclassification of relevant Fund Interests or a free distribution 
or dividend of any such Fund Interests to existing holders by way of bonus, capitalization or 
similar issue; 
(b) 
a distribution, issue or dividend to existing holders of relevant Fund Interests of (I) such Fund 
Interests or (II) other share capital or securities granting the right to payment of dividends 
and/or the proceeds of liquidation of the related Fund equally or proportionately with such 
payments to holders of such Fund Interests or (III) share capital or other securities of another 
issuer acquired or owned (directly or indirectly) by the related Fund as a result of a spin-off or 
other similar transaction or (IV) any other type of securities, rights or warrants or other assets, 
in any case for payment (in cash or in other consideration) at less than the prevailing market 
price as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
(c) 
an extraordinary dividend as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
(d) 
a repurchase by a Fund of relevant Fund Interests whether out of profits or capital and whether 
the consideration for such repurchase is cash, securities or otherwise other than where such 
repurchase is a redemption of Fund Interests initiated by an investor in such Fund Interests 
and consistent with the relevant Fund Documents; or 
(e) 
any other event that may have, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, a diluting, concentrative 
or other effect on the theoretical value of relevant Fund Interests. 
Following the declaration by a Fund of the terms of any Fund Potential Adjustment Event, the 
Calculation Agent will, in its sole and absolute discretion, determine whether such Fund Potential 
Adjustment Event has a diluting, concentrative or other effect on the theoretical value of the relevant 
Fund Interest and, if so, will make the corresponding adjustment, if any, to any one or more of any of 
the terms of the Conditions and/or the applicable Issue Terms as the Calculation Agent in its sole and 
absolute discretion, determines appropriate to account for that diluting, concentrative or other effect 
(provided that no adjustments will be made to account solely for changes in volatility, expected 
dividends or liquidity relative to the relevant Fund Interest) and determine the effective date of that 
adjustment. 
Upon the making of any such adjustment by the Calculation Agent, the Issuer shall give notice as soon 
as reasonably practicable to the Holders in accordance with Condition 22 stating the adjustment to 
any of the Conditions, and/or the applicable Issue Terms and giving brief details of the Fund Potential 
Adjustment Event, provided that any failure to give, or non-receipt of, such notice will not affect the 
validity of any such adjustment. 
(f) 
Provisions relating to Exchange Traded Funds 
The following provisions apply to Exchange Traded Funds: 
“Averaging Cut-Off Date” means the eighth Scheduled Trading Day (or, where the Fund Linked Notes 
relate to a Basket of Funds and the applicable Issue Terms provides that “Common Scheduled Trading 
Days” shall be applicable, the eighth Common Scheduled Trading Day) immediately following the 
original date that, but for the occurrence of another Averaging Date or Disrupted Day, or on account 
of such date not being a Scheduled Trading Day (or, where the Fund Linked Notes relate to a Basket 
of Funds and the applicable Issue Terms provides that “Common Scheduled Trading Days” shall be 
applicable, a Common Scheduled Trading Day), would have been the final Averaging Date, or, if 
earlier, the Scheduled Trading Day (or, where the Fund Linked Notes relate to a Basket of Funds and 
the applicable Issue Terms provides that “Common Scheduled Trading Days” shall be applicable, the 
Common Scheduled Trading Day) falling on or immediately preceding the second Business Day

--- Page 180 ---
177 
 
immediately preceding the date on which payment of any amount or delivery of any assets may have 
to be made pursuant to any calculation or determination made on the relevant Averaging Dates, 
provided that the Averaging Cut-Off Date shall not fall prior to the original date on which the final 
Averaging Date was scheduled to fall. 
“Averaging Date” means each date specified as an Averaging Date in the applicable Issue Terms or, 
if any such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the immediately following Scheduled Trading Day, 
(or, where the Fund Linked Notes relate to a Basket of Funds and the applicable Issue Terms provides 
that “Common Scheduled Trading Days” shall be applicable, the immediately following Common 
Scheduled Trading Day), or, if earlier, the Averaging Cut-Off Date. If any such day is a Disrupted Day:  
(a) 
if “Omission” is specified as applying in the applicable Issue Terms, then such date will be 
deemed not to be an Averaging Date for the purposes of determining the relevant price; 
provided that, if through the operation of this provision there would not be an Averaging Date, 
then the provisions of the definition of “Valuation Date” will apply for purposes of determining 
the relevant price on the final Averaging Date, as if such final Averaging Date were a Valuation 
Date that was a Disrupted Day; or  
(b) 
if “Postponement” is specified as applying in the applicable Issue Terms, then the provisions 
of the definition of “Valuation Date” will apply for the purposes of determining the relevant price 
on that Averaging Date as if such Averaging Date were a Valuation Date that was a Disrupted 
Day irrespective of whether, pursuant to such determination, that deferred Averaging Date 
would fall on a day that already is or is deemed to be an Averaging Date; or  
(c) 
if “Modified Postponement” is specified as applying in the applicable Issue Terms then: 
(i) 
where the Fund Linked Notes relate to a single Fund, the Averaging Date shall be the 
first succeeding Valid Date. If the first succeeding Valid Date has not occurred as of 
the Valuation Time on the Averaging Cut-Off Date or if such Averaging Date falls on 
the Averaging Cut-Off Date owing to the original date on which it was scheduled to fall 
not being a Scheduled Trading Day for the Fund, then (A) the Averaging Cut-Off Date 
shall be deemed to be the Averaging Date (irrespective of whether the Averaging Cut-
Off Date is already an Averaging Date), and (B) the Calculation Agent shall determine 
the relevant price for that Averaging Date in accordance with sub-paragraph (a)(ii) of 
the definition of “Valuation Date” below;  
(ii) 
where the Fund Linked Notes relate to a Basket of Funds and the applicable Issue 
Terms provides that “Common Scheduled Trading Days” shall not be applicable, the 
Averaging Date for each Fund Share not affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted 
Day shall be the originally designated Averaging Date (following adjustment of such 
date owing to the original date not being a Scheduled Trading Day, if applicable) (the 
“Scheduled Averaging Date”) and the Averaging Date for a Fund Share affected by 
the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the first succeeding Valid Date in relation 
to such Fund Share. If the first succeeding Valid Date in relation to such Fund Share 
has not occurred as of the Valuation Time on the Averaging Cut-Off Date or if such 
Averaging Date falls on the Averaging Cut-Off Date owing to the original date on which 
it was scheduled to fall not being a Scheduled Trading Day for such Fund Share, then:  
(A) 
the Averaging Cut-Off Date shall be deemed to be the Averaging Date 
(irrespective of whether the Averaging Cut-Off Date is already an Averaging 
Date) in relation to such Fund Share, and  
(B) 
the Calculation Agent shall determine the relevant price for that Averaging 
Date in accordance with subparagraph (b)(ii) of the definition of “Valuation 
Date” below;  
(iii) 
where the Fund Linked Notes relate to a Basket of Funds and the applicable Issue 
Terms provides that “Common Scheduled Trading Days” and “Individual Disrupted 
Days” shall be applicable, the Averaging Date for each Fund Share not affected by 
the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the originally designated Averaging Date

--- Page 181 ---
178 
 
(following adjustment of such date owing to the original date not being a Common 
Scheduled Trading Day, if applicable) (the “Scheduled Averaging Date”) and the 
Averaging Date for a Fund Share affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall 
be the first succeeding Valid Date in relation to such Fund Share. If the first succeeding 
Valid Date in relation to such Fund Share has not occurred as of the Valuation Time 
on the Averaging Cut-Off Date or if such Averaging Date falls on the Averaging Cut-
Off Date owing to the original date on which it was scheduled to fall not being a 
Common Scheduled Trading Day, then (A) the Averaging Cut-Off Date shall be 
deemed to be the Averaging Date (irrespective of whether the Averaging Cut- Off Date 
is already an Averaging Date) in relation to such Fund Share, and (B) the Calculation 
Agent shall determine the relevant price for that Averaging Date in accordance with 
sub-paragraph (c)(ii) of the definition of “Valuation Date” below; or  
(iv) 
where the Fund Linked Notes relate to a Basket of Funds and the applicable Issue 
Terms provides that “Common Scheduled Trading Days” and “Common Disrupted 
Days” shall be applicable, the Averaging Date for each Fund Share shall be the first 
succeeding Common Valid Date in relation to such Fund Share. 
If the first succeeding Common Valid Date has not occurred as of the Valuation Time on the Averaging 
Cut- Off Date or if such Averaging Date falls on the Averaging Cut-Off Date owing to the original date 
on which it was scheduled to fall not being a Common Scheduled Trading Day, then: 
(i) 
the Averaging Cut-Off Date shall be deemed to be the Averaging Date (irrespective 
of whether the Averaging Cut-Off Date is already an Averaging Date), and  
(ii) 
the Calculation Agent shall determine the relevant level or price for that Averaging 
Date in accordance with sub-paragraph (d)(ii) of the definition of “Valuation Date” 
below,  
and, for the purposes of these Conditions “Valid Date” means a Scheduled Trading Day that is not a 
Disrupted Day and on which another Averaging Date does not or is deemed not to occur, and 
“Common Valid Date” means a Common Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day for any 
Fund Share and on which another Averaging Date does not or is deemed not to occur. 
“Barrier Event Determination Day” means, in respect of each Fund Share:  
(a)  
if the applicable Issue Terms provides that the Barrier Event (intraday) provisions shall apply, 
unless otherwise specified in the applicable Issue Terms, each day on which the price of such 
Fund Share is quoted on the relevant Exchange during the relevant Observation Period, 
regardless of whether or not such day is a Scheduled Trading Day for such Fund Share (and, 
for the avoidance of doubt, if the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion 
determines that a Market Disruption Event is occurring at any time on any Barrier Event 
Determination Day, it shall disregard the period during which it determines in its sole and 
absolute discretion that such Market Disruption Event has occurred and is continuing for the 
purposes of determining whether or not a Barrier Event (intraday) has occurred); or  
(b)  
if the applicable Issue Terms provides that the Barrier Event (closing) provisions shall apply 
each day specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms.  
“Barrier Event Valuation Time (closing)” means, in respect of each Fund Share to be valued, the 
Scheduled Closing Time on the relevant Exchange on the relevant Barrier Event Determination Day. 
If the relevant Exchange closes prior to its Scheduled Closing Time and the specified Barrier Event 
Valuation Time (closing) is after the actual closing time for its regular trading session, then the Barrier 
Event Valuation Time (closing) shall be such actual closing time. 
“Barrier Event Valuation Time (intraday)” means any time during the regular trading session (without 
regard to any after hours or any other trading outside of the regular session) on the Exchange. 
“Barrier Level” means, in respect of a Fund Share, such price for such Fund Share as is specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms.

--- Page 182 ---
179 
 
“Basket of Funds” means a basket composed of Fund Shares in their relative proportions or number 
of Fund Shares, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
“Common Scheduled Trading Day” means, in respect of a Basket of Funds, each day which is a 
Scheduled Trading Day for all the Fund Shares in the Basket of Funds. 
“Disrupted Day” means any Scheduled Trading Day on which a relevant Exchange or any Related 
Exchange fails to open for trading during its regular trading session or on which a Market Disruption 
Event has occurred. 
“ETF” means any fund which is an exchange traded fund as specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
or if not so specified, any fund which the Calculation Agent determines to be an Exchange Traded 
Fund. 
“Exchange” means, in relation to a Fund Share, the exchange or principal trading market for such ETF 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, any successor to such exchange or quotation system or any 
substitute exchange or quotation system to which trading in the Fund Shares in respect of such ETF 
has temporarily relocated. 
“Exchange Business Day” means any Scheduled Trading Day on which each Exchange and each 
Related Exchange are open for trading during their respective regular trading sessions, 
notwithstanding any such Exchange or Related Exchange closing prior to its Scheduled Closing Time. 
“Final Price” means, in respect of a Fund Share, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, the Fund Share Closing Price of such Fund Share on the Valuation Date, subject to adjustment 
in accordance with these Conditions.  
“Fund Performance” means unless otherwise specified in the applicable Issue Terms, in respect of a 
Fund Share and any relevant date, an amount (expressed as a percentage) determined by the 
Calculation Agent equal to (a) the Fund Share Closing Price of such Fund Share on such day, divided 
by (b) the Initial Price of such Fund Share. 
“Fund Share” means a share of each ETF, and references to “holder of Fund Shares” and “Fund 
Shareholder” shall be construed accordingly. 
“Fund Share Closing Price” means, in respect of a Fund Share and any relevant date, subject to 
these Conditions, an amount equal to the official closing price of such Fund Share quoted on the 
relevant Exchange as determined by the Calculation Agent on such date. 
“Fund Share Price” means, in respect of a Fund Share and a time on a Scheduled Trading Day and 
subject to these Conditions, the price of such Fund Share at such time on such day as determined by 
the Calculation Agent. 
“Initial Price” means, in respect of a Fund Share, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, the Fund Share Closing Price of such Fund Share on the Strike Date or Pricing Date (as 
applicable), subject to adjustment in accordance with these Conditions. 
“Observation Cut-Off Date” means the eighth Scheduled Trading Day (or, where the Fund Linked 
Notes relate to a Basket of Funds and the applicable Issue Terms provides that “Common Scheduled 
Trading Days” shall be applicable, the eighth Common Scheduled Trading Day) immediately following 
the Scheduled Observation Date or, if earlier, the Scheduled Trading Day (or, where the Fund Linked 
Notes relate to a Basket of Funds and the applicable Issue Terms provides that “Common Scheduled 
Trading Days” shall be applicable, the Common Scheduled Trading Day) falling on or immediately 
preceding the second Business Day immediately preceding the date on which payment of any amount 
or delivery of any assets may have to be made pursuant to any calculation or determination made on 
such Observation Date, provided that the Observation Cut-Off Date shall not fall prior to the original 
date on which such Observation Date was scheduled to fall. 
“Observation Date” means each date specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms, or, if such date 
is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the immediately following Scheduled Trading Day (or, where the Fund

--- Page 183 ---
180 
 
Linked Notes relate to a Basket of Funds and the applicable Issue Terms provides that “Common 
Scheduled Trading Days” shall be applicable, the immediately following Common Scheduled Trading 
Day), or, if earlier, the Observation Cut-Off Date. If any such day is a Disrupted Day, then:  
(a) 
where the Fund Linked Notes relate to a single Fund, the Observation Date shall be the first 
succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day, unless each of the Scheduled 
Trading Days immediately following the Scheduled Observation Date up to, and including, the 
Observation Cut-Off Date is a Disrupted Day. In that case, or if such Observation Date falls 
on the Observation Cut-Off Date owing to the original date on which it was scheduled to fall 
not being a Scheduled Trading Day for such Fund Share, (i) the Observation Cut-Off Date 
shall be deemed to be the Observation Date (notwithstanding the fact that such day may be a 
Disrupted Day) and (ii) the Calculation Agent shall determine the relevant price in the manner 
set out in the applicable Issue Terms or, if not set out or if not practicable, determine the 
relevant price in accordance with its good faith estimate of the relevant price as of the Valuation 
Time on the Observation Cut-Off Date;  
(b) 
where the Fund Linked Notes relate to a Basket of Funds and the applicable Issue Terms 
provides that “Common Scheduled Trading Days” shall not be applicable, the Observation 
Date for each Fund Share not affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the 
Scheduled Observation Date (or, if earlier, the Observation Cut-Off Date) and the Observation 
Date for each Fund Share affected (each an “Affected Fund Share”) by the occurrence of a 
Disrupted Day shall be the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day 
relating to the Affected Fund Share, unless each of the Scheduled Trading Days immediately 
following the Scheduled Observation Date up to, and including, the Observation Cut-Off Date 
is a Disrupted Day relating to the Affected Fund Share. In that case, or if such Observation 
Date falls on the Observation Cut-Off Date owing to the original date on which it was scheduled 
to fall not being a Scheduled Trading Day for such Fund Share, (i) the Observation Cut-Off 
Date shall be deemed to be the Observation Date for such Fund Share (notwithstanding the 
fact that such day may be a Disrupted Day) and (ii) the Calculation Agent shall determine the 
relevant price using, in relation to such Fund Share, a price determined in the manner set out 
in the applicable Issue Terms or, if not set out or if not practicable, using its good faith estimate 
of the price for such Fund Share as of the Valuation Time on the Observation Cut-Off Date, 
and otherwise in accordance with the above provisions;  
(c) 
where the Fund Linked Notes relate to a Basket of Funds and the applicable Issue Terms 
provides that “Common Scheduled Trading Days” and “Individual Disrupted Days” shall be 
applicable, the Observation Date for each Fund Share not affected by the occurrence of a 
Disrupted Day shall be the Scheduled Observation Date (or if the Scheduled Observation Date 
is not a Common Scheduled Trading Day, the immediately following Common Scheduled 
Trading Day, or in either case, if earlier, the Observation Cut-Off Date) and the Observation 
Date for each Fund Share affected (each an “Affected Fund Share”) by the occurrence of a 
Disrupted Day shall be the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day 
relating to the Affected Fund Share, unless each of the Scheduled Trading Days immediately 
following the Scheduled Observation Date (or if the Scheduled Observation Date is not a 
Common Scheduled Trading Day, the immediately following Common Scheduled Trading 
Day) up to, and including, the Observation Cut-Off Date is a Disrupted Day relating to the 
Affected Fund Share. In that case, or if such Observation Date falls on the Observation Cut-
Off Date owing to the original date on which it was scheduled to fall not being a Common 
Scheduled Trading Day, (i) the Observation Cut-Off Date shall be deemed to be the 
Observation Date for such Fund Share (notwithstanding the fact that such day may be a 
Disrupted Day for a Fund Share or not a Common Scheduled Trading Day) and (ii) the 
Calculation Agent shall determine the relevant price using, in relation to such Fund Share, a 
price determined in the manner set out in the applicable Issue Terms or, if not set out or if not 
practicable, using its good faith estimate of the price for such Fund Share as of the Valuation 
Time on the Observation Cut-Off Date, and otherwise in accordance with the above provisions; 
or 
(d) 
where the Fund Linked Notes relate to a Basket of Funds and the applicable Issue Terms 
provides that “Common Scheduled Trading Days” and “Common Disrupted Days” shall be 
applicable, the Observation Date shall be the first succeeding Common Scheduled Trading Day

--- Page 184 ---
181 
 
that is not a Disrupted Day for any Fund Share, unless each of the Common Scheduled Trading 
Days immediately following the Scheduled Observation Date up to, and including, the 
Observation Cut-Off Date is a Disrupted Day for one or more Fund Shares. In that case, or if 
such Observation Date falls on the Observation Cut-Off Date owing to the original date on which 
it was scheduled to fall not being a Common Scheduled Trading Day, (i) the Observation Cut-
Off Date shall be deemed to be the Observation Date (notwithstanding the fact that such day 
may be a Disrupted Day for a Fund Share or not a Common Scheduled Trading Day) and (ii) 
the Calculation Agent shall determine the relevant price using, in relation to each Fund Share 
for which the Observation Cut-Off Date is a Disrupted Day or is not a Common Scheduled 
Trading Day, a price determined in the manner set out in the applicable Issue Terms or, if not 
set out or if not practicable, using its good faith estimate of the price for such Fund Share as of 
the Valuation Time on the Observation Cut-Off Date, and otherwise in accordance with the 
above provisions. 
“Observation Date (Closing Valuation)” means, if specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms, in respect of a Fund and an Observation Period, and unless otherwise provided in the relevant 
Issue Terms, each Scheduled Trading Day which is not a Disrupted Day for the Fund Shares of such 
Fund falling in the Observation Period. 
“Observation Period” means, in respect of a Fund Share:  
(a) 
if the consequence of “Extension” is specified in the applicable Issue Terms to be applicable, 
each period commencing on, the Observation Period Start Date, following adjustment of such 
date pursuant to these Conditions or as specified in the applicable Issue Terms, if applicable 
(and including or excluding such Observation Period Start Date, as specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms) and ending on the immediately following Observation Period End Date, following 
adjustment of such date pursuant to these Conditions or as specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, if applicable (and including or excluding such Observation Period End Date, as 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms); or  
(b) 
if the consequence of “No Extension” is specified in the applicable Issue Terms to be 
applicable, each period commencing on the Observation Period Start Date, prior to any 
adjustment of such date pursuant to these Conditions or as specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, if applicable (and including or excluding such Observation Period Start Date, as 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms) and ending on the immediately following Observation 
Period End Date, prior to any adjustment of such date pursuant to these Conditions or as 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, if applicable (and including or excluding such 
Observation Period End Date, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms). 
“Observation Period End Date” means, in respect of a Fund Share, each date specified as such in 
the applicable Issue Terms, subject to adjustment in accordance with the provisions of “Observation 
Date”, “Valuation Date” or otherwise as specified in the applicable Issue Terms, if applicable. 
“Observation Period Start Date” means, in respect of a Fund Share, each date specified as such in 
the applicable Issue Terms, subject to adjustment in accordance with the provisions of “Observation 
Date”, “Valuation Date” or otherwise as specified in the applicable Issue Terms, if applicable. 
“Pricing Date” means the date specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
“Related Exchange” means, in relation to a Fund Share, each exchange or principal trading market 
specified as such for such Fund Share in the applicable Issue Terms, any successor to such exchange 
or quotation system or any substitute exchange or quotation system to which trading in the Fund 
Shares in respect of such Fund Share has temporarily relocated (provided the Calculation Agent has 
determined that there is comparable liquidity relative to such Fund Shares on such temporary 
substitute exchange or quotation system as on the original Related Exchange), provided however, that 
where “All Exchanges” is specified as the Related Exchange in the applicable Issue Terms, “Related 
Exchange” shall mean each exchange or principal trading market where trading has a material effect 
(as determined by the Calculation Agent) on the overall market for such Fund Shares.

--- Page 185 ---
182 
 
“Scheduled Closing Time” means, in respect of an Exchange or Related Exchange and a Scheduled 
Trading Day, the scheduled weekday closing time of such Exchange or Related Exchange on such 
Scheduled Trading Day, without regard to after hours or any other trading outside of the regular trading 
session hours. 
“Scheduled Observation Date” means any original date that, but for the occurrence of an event 
causing a Disrupted Day, would have been an Observation Date. 
“Scheduled Trading Day” means any day on which each Exchange and each Related Exchange are 
scheduled to be open for trading for their respective regular trading sessions. 
“Scheduled Valuation Date” means any original date that, but for the occurrence of an event causing 
a Disrupted Day, would have been a Valuation Date. 
“Strike Date” means the date specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
“Underlying Index” means the underlying index specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
“Valuation Cut-Off Date” means the eighth Scheduled Trading Day (or, where the Fund Linked Notes 
relate to a Basket of Funds and the applicable Issue Terms provides that “Common Scheduled Trading 
Days” shall be applicable, the eighth Common Scheduled Trading Day) immediately following the 
Scheduled Valuation Date, or, if earlier, the Scheduled Trading Day (or, where the Fund Linked Notes 
relate to a Basket of Funds and the applicable Issue Terms provides that “Common Scheduled Trading 
Days” shall be applicable, the Common Scheduled Trading Day) falling on or immediately preceding 
the second Business Day immediately preceding the date on which payment of any amount or delivery 
of any assets may have to be made pursuant to any calculation or determination made on such 
Valuation Date, provided that the Valuation Cut-Off Date shall not fall prior to the original date on which 
such Valuation Date was scheduled to fall. 
“Valuation Date” means each Valuation Date specified in the applicable Issue Terms, or if that is not 
a Scheduled Trading Day the immediately following Scheduled Trading Day (or, where the Fund 
Linked Notes relate to a Basket of Funds and the applicable Issue Terms provides that “Common 
Scheduled Trading Days” shall be applicable, the immediately following Common Scheduled Trading 
Day), or, if earlier, the Valuation Cut-Off Date. If such day is a Disrupted Day, then:  
(a) 
where the Fund Linked Notes relate to a single Fund, the Valuation Date shall be the first 
succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day, unless each of the Scheduled 
Trading Days up to, and including, the Valuation Cut-Off Date is a Disrupted Day. In that case, 
or if such Valuation Date falls on the Valuation Cut-Off Date owing to the original date on which 
it was scheduled to fall not being a Scheduled Trading Day for such Fund Share, (i) the 
Valuation Cut-Off Date shall be deemed to be the Valuation Date (notwithstanding the fact that 
such day may be a Disrupted Day) and (ii) the Calculation Agent shall determine the relevant 
price in the manner set out in the applicable Issue Terms or, if not set out or if not practicable, 
determine the relevant price in accordance with its good faith estimate of the relevant price as 
of the Valuation Time on the Valuation Cut-Off Date;  
(b) 
where the Fund Linked Notes relate to a Basket of Funds and the applicable Issue Terms 
provides that “Common Scheduled Trading Days” shall not be applicable, the Valuation Date 
for each Fund Share not affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the Scheduled 
Valuation Date (or, if earlier, the Valuation Cut-Off Date) and the Valuation Date for each Fund 
Share affected (each an “Affected Fund Share”) by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall 
be the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day relating to the 
Affected Fund Share, unless each of the Scheduled Trading Days immediately following the 
Scheduled Valuation Date up to and including the Valuation Cut-Off Date is a Disrupted Day 
relating to the Affected Fund Share. In that case, or if such Valuation Date falls on the Valuation 
Cut-Off Date owing to the original date on which it was scheduled to fall not being a Scheduled 
Trading Day for such Fund Share, (i) the Valuation Cut-Off Date shall be deemed to be the 
Valuation Date for such Fund Share (notwithstanding the fact that such day may be a 
Disrupted Day and (ii) the Calculation Agent shall determine the relevant price using, in relation 
to such Fund Share, a price determined in the manner set out in the applicable Issue Terms

--- Page 186 ---
183 
 
or, if not set out or if not practicable, using its good faith estimate of the price for the Affected 
Fund Share as of the Valuation Time on the Valuation Cut-Off Date, and otherwise in 
accordance with the above provisions;  
(c) 
where the Fund Linked Notes relate to a Basket of Funds and the applicable Issue Terms 
provides that “Common Scheduled Trading Days” and “Individual Disrupted Days” shall be 
applicable, the Valuation Date for each Fund Share not affected by the occurrence of a 
Disrupted Day shall be the Scheduled Valuation Date (or if the Scheduled Valuation Date is 
not a Common Scheduled Trading Day, the immediately following Common Scheduled 
Trading Day, or in either case, if earlier, the Valuation Cut-Off Date) and the Valuation Date 
for each Fund Share affected (each an “Affected Fund Share”) by the occurrence of a 
Disrupted Day shall be the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day 
relating to the Affected Fund Share, unless each of the Scheduled Trading Days immediately 
following the Scheduled Valuation Date (or if the Scheduled Valuation Date is not a Common 
Scheduled Trading Day, the immediately following Common Scheduled Trading Day) up to, 
and including, the Valuation Cut-Off Date is a Disrupted Day relating to the Affected Fund 
Share. In that case, or if such Valuation Date falls on the Valuation Cut- Off Date owing to the 
original date on which it was scheduled to fall not being a Common Scheduled Trading Day, 
(i) the Valuation Cut-Off Date shall be deemed to be the Valuation Date for such Fund Share 
(notwithstanding the fact that such day may be a Disrupted Day for a Fund Share or not a 
Common Scheduled Trading Day) and (ii) the Calculation Agent shall determine the relevant 
price using, in relation to such Fund Share, a price determined in the manner set out in the 
applicable Issue Terms or, if not set out or if not practicable, using its good faith estimate of 
the price for such Fund Share as of the Valuation Time on the Valuation Cut-Off Date, and 
otherwise in accordance with the above provisions; or  
(d) 
where the Fund Linked Notes relate to a Basket of Funds and the applicable Issue Terms 
provides that “Common Scheduled Trading Days” and “Common Disrupted Days” shall be 
applicable, the Valuation Date shall be the first succeeding Common Scheduled Trading Day 
that is not a Disrupted Day for any Fund Share, unless each of the Common Scheduled 
Trading Days immediately following the Scheduled Valuation Date up to, and including, the 
Valuation Cut-Off Date is a Disrupted Day for one or more Fund Shares. In that case, or if the 
Valuation Date falls on the Valuation Cut-Off Date owing to the original date on which it was 
scheduled to fall not being a Common Scheduled Trading Day, (i) the Valuation Cut-Off Date 
shall be deemed to be the Valuation Date (notwithstanding the fact that such day may be a 
Disrupted Day for a Fund Share or not a Common Scheduled Trading Day) and (ii) the 
Calculation Agent shall determine the relevant price using, in relation to each Fund Share for 
which the Valuation Cut-Off Date is a Disrupted Day or is not a Common Scheduled Trading 
Day, a price determined in the manner set out in the applicable Issue Terms or, if not set out 
or if not practicable, using its good faith estimate of the price for such Fund Share as of the 
Valuation Time on the Valuation Cut-Off Date, and otherwise in accordance with the above 
provisions. 
“Valuation Time” means the Valuation Time specified in the applicable Issue Terms or, if no Valuation 
Time is specified, the Scheduled Closing Time on the relevant Exchange on the relevant Valuation 
Date in relation to each Fund Share to be valued. If the relevant Exchange closes prior to its Scheduled 
Closing Time and the specified Valuation Time is after the actual closing time for its regular trading 
session, then the Valuation Time shall be such actual closing time. 
“Worst Performing Fund Share” means, in respect of a Basket of Funds and the Valuation Date 
(unless otherwise specified in the applicable Issue Terms), the Fund Share with the lowest Fund 
Performance on such day, as determined by the Calculation Agent (provided that if two or more Fund 
Shares have the same lowest Fund Performance on such day, the Calculation Agent shall determine 
which Fund Share shall be the Worst Performing Fund Share in its sole and absolute discretion, and 
such Fund Share shall be the Worst Performing Fund Share). 
(g) 
Barrier Event 
“Barrier Event (intraday)” means (and a Barrier Event (intraday) shall be deemed to occur if), in 
respect of a Fund Share, the Calculation Agent determines that the Fund Share Price of such Fund

--- Page 187 ---
184 
 
Share as of the Barrier Event Valuation Time (intraday) on any Barrier Event Determination Day is less 
than or equal to the corresponding Barrier Level for such Fund Share and such Barrier Event 
Determination Day.  For the purpose of determining whether a Barrier Event (intraday) has occurred 
on any day, the definition of Market Disruption Event specified in Condition 10(h) shall be amended 
such that (i) all references to “during the one-hour period that ends at the relevant Valuation Time” 
shall be deleted, and (ii) in sub-paragraph (b) each reference to “Valuation Time” and “Scheduled 
Closing Time” shall be construed as a reference to “Barrier Event Valuation Time (intraday)”. 
“Barrier Event (closing)” means (and a Barrier Event (closing) shall be deemed to occur if), in respect 
of a Fund Share, the Calculation Agent determines that the Fund Share Closing Price of any Fund 
Share as of the Barrier Event Valuation Time (closing) on any Barrier Event Determination Day is less 
than or equal to the corresponding Barrier Level for such Fund Share and such Barrier Event 
Determination Day. 
(h) 
Market Disruption 
“Market Disruption Event” means, in respect of a Fund Share:  
(a) 
the occurrence or existence at any time during the one-hour period that ends at the relevant 
Valuation Time:  
(i) 
of any suspension of or limitation imposed on trading by the relevant Exchange or 
Related Exchange or otherwise and whether by reason of movements in price 
exceeding limits permitted by the relevant Exchange or Related Exchange or 
otherwise:  
(A) 
relating to the relevant Fund Share on such Exchange; or  
(B) 
relating to securities that comprise 20 per cent. or more of the level of the 
relevant Underlying Index or any relevant successor index; or  
(C) 
in futures or options contracts relating to such Fund Shares or the relevant 
Underlying Index on any relevant Related Exchange, or  
(ii) 
of any event (other than an event described in (b) below) that disrupts or impairs (as 
determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability of market participants in general to 
(A) effect transactions in, or obtain market values for, the Fund Shares on the 
Exchange, (B) effect transactions in, or obtain market values for securities that 
comprise 20 per cent. or more of the level of the relevant Underlying Index, or (C) to 
effect transactions in, or obtain market values for, futures or options contracts relating 
to such Fund Shares or the relevant Underlying Index on any relevant Related 
Exchange; or  
(b) 
the closure on any Exchange Business Day of any relevant Exchange(s) or any Related 
Exchange(s) prior to its Scheduled Closing Time unless such earlier closing time is announced 
by such Exchange(s) or such Related Exchange(s), as the case may be, at least one hour 
prior to (i) the actual closing time for the regular trading session on such Exchange(s) or such 
Related Exchange on such Exchange Business Day or, if earlier, (ii) the submission deadline 
for orders to be entered into such Exchange or Related Exchange system for execution at the 
Valuation Time on such Exchange Business Day,  
which in any such case the Calculation Agent determines is material.  
For the purpose of determining whether a Market Disruption Event exists in respect of a Fund Share 
at any time, if an event giving rise to a Market Disruption Event occurs in respect of a security included 
in the relevant Underlying Index at that time, then the relevant percentage contribution of that security, 
to the level of the relevant Underlying Index shall be based on a comparison of (a) the portion of the 
level of the relevant Underlying Index attributable to that security, and (b) the overall level of the 
relevant Underlying Index immediately before the occurrence of such Market Disruption Event.  The 
Issuer shall give notice as soon as practicable to the Holders in accordance with Condition 22 of the

--- Page 188 ---
185 
 
occurrence of a Disrupted Day on any day that, but for the occurrence of a Disrupted Day, would have 
been a Valuation Date provided that any failure to give, or non-receipt of, such notice will not affect the 
validity of any such Disrupted Day.  
(i) 
Potential Adjustment Event 
“Potential Adjustment Event” means any of the following: 
(a) 
a subdivision, consolidation or reclassification of relevant Fund Shares (unless resulting in a 
Merger Event or Tender Offer), or a free distribution or dividend of any such Fund Shares to 
existing holders by way of bonus, capitalization or similar issue;  
(b) 
a distribution, issue or dividend to existing holders of the relevant Fund Shares of (i) such Fund 
Shares or (ii) other share capital or securities granting the right to payment of dividends and/ 
or the proceeds of liquidation of the ETF equally or proportionately with such payments to 
holders of such Fund Shares or (iii) share capital or other securities of another issuer acquired 
or owned (directly or indirectly) by the ETF as a result of a spin-off or other similar transaction, 
or (iv) any other type of securities, rights or warrants or other assets in any case for payment 
(cash or other consideration) at less than the prevailing market price as determined by the 
Calculation Agent;  
(c) 
an extraordinary dividend as determined by the Calculation Agent;  
(d) 
a call by the ETF in respect of relevant Fund Shares that are not fully paid;  
(e) 
a repurchase by the ETF or any of its subsidiaries of relevant Fund Shares, whether out of 
profits or capital and whether the consideration for such repurchase is cash, securities or 
otherwise;  
(f) 
in respect of an ETF, an event that results in any shareholder rights being distributed or 
becoming separated from Fund Shares of common stock or other shares of the capital stock 
of the ETF pursuant to a shareholder rights plan or arrangement directed against hostile 
takeovers that provides upon the occurrence of certain events for a distribution of preferred 
stock, warrants, debt instruments or stock rights at a price below their market value, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent, provided that any adjustment effected as a result of such 
an event shall be readjusted upon any redemption of such rights; or  
(g) 
any other event that may have a diluting or concentrative effect on the theoretical value of the 
relevant Fund Shares. 
Following a Potential Adjustment Event, the Calculation Agent will, in its sole and absolute discretion, 
determine whether such Potential Adjustment Event has a diluting or concentrative effect on the 
theoretical value of the relevant Fund Shares and, if so, will (a) make the corresponding adjustment(s), 
if any, to any one or more of the terms of the Conditions and/or the applicable Issue Terms as the 
Calculation Agent determines appropriate to account for that diluting or concentrative effect and (b) 
determine the effective date(s) of that adjustment(s). The Calculation Agent may, but need not, 
determine the appropriate adjustment(s) by reference to the adjustment(s) in respect of such Potential 
Adjustment Event made by an options exchange to options on the relevant Fund Shares traded on 
such options exchange.  
Upon the making of any such adjustment, the Calculation Agent shall as soon as is reasonably 
practicable under the circumstances give notice to the Holders in accordance with Condition 22 stating 
the adjustment made and giving brief details of the Potential Adjustment Event, provided that any 
failure to give, or non-receipt of, such notice will not affect the validity of any such adjustment. 
(j) 
De-Listing, Insolvency, Material Underlying Event, Merger Date, Merger Event, 
Nationalization, Tender Offer 
“De-Listing” means, in respect of a Fund Share, that the relevant Exchange announces that pursuant 
to the rules of such Exchange, such Fund Share ceases (or will cease) to be listed, traded or publicly

--- Page 189 ---
186 
 
quoted on such Exchange for any reason (other than a Merger Event or Tender Offer) and is not 
immediately re-listed, re-traded or re-quoted on an exchange or quotation system located in the same 
country as the Exchange (or, where the Exchange is within the European Union, in a member state of 
the European Union). 
“Insolvency” means that by reason of the voluntary or involuntary liquidation, bankruptcy, insolvency, 
dissolution or winding-up of or any analogous proceeding affecting an ETF, (a) all the Fund Shares of 
that ETF are required to be transferred to a trustee, liquidator or other similar official or (b) holders of 
the Fund Shares of that ETF become legally prohibited from transferring them. 
“Material Underlying Event” means any of the following:  
(a) 
the investment objectives and/or policies in respect of the ETF are materially changed;  
(b) 
an illegality occurs or a relevant authorization or licence is revoked in respect of the ETF and/ 
or the ETF is required by a competent authority (other than any holder of the Fund Shares) to 
redeem any Fund Shares;  
(c) 
there is a change in any relevant jurisdiction in respect of any payments made by the ETF in 
respect of any Fund Share as a result of which the amounts paid or to be paid by the Issuer 
in connection with hedging arrangements relating to the Notes are materially reduced or 
otherwise adversely affected; and/or  
(d) 
any other event occurs in relation to the ETF and/or the Fund Shares which is materially 
prejudicial to the Issuer in connection with the issue of the Notes or any hedging arrangements 
relating to the Notes,  
as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
“Merger Date” means the closing date of a Merger Event or, where a closing date cannot be 
determined under the local law applicable to such Merger Event, such other date as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. 
“Merger Event” means, in respect of any relevant Fund Shares, any (a) reclassification or change of 
such Fund Shares that results in a transfer of or an irrevocable commitment to transfer all of such Fund 
Shares outstanding to another entity or person, (b) consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding 
share exchange of the ETF with or into another entity or person (other than a consolidation, 
amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange in which such ETF is the continuing entity and which 
does not result in any such reclassification or change of all such Fund Shares outstanding) or (c) 
takeover offer, tender offer, exchange offer, solicitation, proposal or other event by any entity or person 
to purchase or otherwise obtain 100 per cent. of the outstanding Fund Shares of the relevant ETF that 
results in a transfer of or an irrevocable commitment to transfer all such Fund Shares (other than such 
Fund Shares owned or controlled by such other entity or person), or (d) consolidation, amalgamation, 
merger or binding share exchange of the ETF or its subsidiaries with or into another entity in which the 
ETF is the continuing entity and which does not result in a reclassification or change of all such Fund 
Shares outstanding but results in the outstanding Fund Shares (other than Fund Shares owned or 
controlled by such other entity) immediately prior to such event collectively representing less than 50 
per cent. of the outstanding Fund Shares immediately following such event (a “Reverse Merger”), in 
each case if the Merger Date is on or before the Valuation Date (or such other date as is specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms). 
“Nationalization” means that all the Fund Shares or all or substantially all the assets of an ETF are 
nationalized, expropriated or are otherwise required to be transferred to any governmental agency, 
authority, entity or instrumentality thereof. 
“Tender Offer” means a takeover offer, tender offer, exchange offer, solicitation, proposal or other 
event by any entity or person that results in such entity or person purchasing, or otherwise obtaining 
or having the right to obtain, by conversion or other means, greater than 10 per cent. and less than 
100 per cent. of the outstanding voting shares of the relevant ETF, as determined by the Calculation

--- Page 190 ---
187 
 
Agent, based upon the making of filings with governmental or self-regulatory agencies or such other 
information as the Calculation Agent deems relevant. 
“Tender Offer Date” means, in respect of a Tender Offer, the date on which voting shares in the 
amount of the applicable percentage threshold are actually purchased or otherwise obtained (as 
determined by the Calculation Agent).   
If a De-Listing, Merger Event, Tender Offer, Nationalization, Insolvency or Material Underlying Event 
occurs in relation to any Fund Share, the Issuer in its sole and absolute discretion may take the action 
described in (a), (b) or (c) below: 
(a) 
require the Calculation Agent, in its sole and absolute discretion, to determine the appropriate 
adjustment(s), if any, to be made to any one or more of the terms of the Conditions and/ or the 
applicable Issue Terms to account for the De-Listing, Merger Event, Tender Offer, 
Nationalization, Insolvency or Material Underlying Event, as the case may be, and determine 
the effective date(s) of that adjustment(s). The Calculation Agent may (but need not) determine 
the appropriate adjustment(s) by reference to the adjustment(s) in respect of the De-Listing, 
Merger Event, Tender Offer, Nationalization, Insolvency or Material Underlying Event made 
by any options exchange to options on the relevant Fund Share traded on that options 
exchange;  
(b) 
give notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 22, and redeem all, but not less 
than all, of the Notes, each nominal amount of Notes equal to the Calculation Amount being 
redeemed at the Early Redemption Amount, taking into account the Merger Event, Tender 
Offer, De-listing, Nationalization, Insolvency or Material Underlying Event, as the case may 
be, less the cost to the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates or agents of unwinding any underlying 
related hedging arrangements (including any cost of funding in respect of such hedging 
arrangements), all as determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion; 
or  
(c) 
following such adjustment to the settlement terms of options on the Fund Shares traded on 
such exchange(s) or quotation system(s) as the Issuer in its sole discretion shall select (the 
“Options Exchange”), require the Calculation Agent to make a corresponding adjustment to 
any one or more of the terms of the Conditions and/or the applicable Issue Terms, which 
adjustment will be effective as of the date determined by the Calculation Agent to be the 
effective date of the corresponding adjustment made by the Options Exchange. If options on 
the Fund Shares are not traded on the Options Exchange, the Calculation Agent will make 
such adjustment, if any, to any one or more of the terms of the Conditions and/or the applicable 
Issue Terms as the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion determines 
appropriate, with reference to the rules and precedents (if any) set by the Options Exchange 
to account for the Merger Event, Tender Offer, De-listing, Nationalization, Insolvency or 
Material Underlying Event, as the case may be, that in the determination of the Calculation 
Agent would have given rise to an adjustment by the Options Exchange if such options were 
so traded.  
Upon the occurrence of a Merger Event, Tender Offer, De-listing, Nationalization, Insolvency or 
Material Underlying Event, the Issuer shall give notice as soon as practicable to the Holders in 
accordance with Condition 22 stating the occurrence of the Merger Event, Tender Offer, 
Nationalization, De-listing, Insolvency or Material Underlying Event, as the case may be, giving details 
thereof and the action proposed to be taken in relation thereto provided that any failure to give, or non-
receipt of, such notice will not affect the validity of any such Merger Event, Tender Offer, De-listing, 
Nationalization, Insolvency or Material Underlying Event, as the case may be. 
11. 
Inflation Linked Notes 
(a) 
Definitions 
For the purpose of this Condition 11:

--- Page 191 ---
188 
 
“Cut-Off Date” means, in respect of a Determination Date, five Business Days prior to such 
Determination Date, unless otherwise stated in the applicable Issue Terms. 
“Delayed Index Level Event” means, in respect of any Determination Date and an Inflation Index, that 
the relevant Inflation Index Sponsor fails to publish or announce the level of such Inflation Index (the 
“Relevant Level”) in respect of any Reference Month which is to be utilized in any calculation or 
determination to be made by the Issuer in respect of such Determination Date, at any time on or prior 
to the Cut-Off Date. 
“Determination Date” means each date specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
“End Date” means each date specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
“Fallback Bond” means, in respect of an Inflation Index, a bond selected by the Calculation Agent and 
issued by the government of the country to whose level of inflation the relevant Inflation Index relates, 
and which pays a coupon or redemption amount which is calculated by reference to such Inflation 
Index, with a maturity date which falls on (a) the same day as the End Date as specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, (b) the next longest maturity after the End Date if there is no such bond 
maturing on the End Date, or (c) the next shortest maturity before the End Date if no bond defined in 
(a) or (b) is selected by the Calculation Agent. If the relevant Inflation Index relates to the level of 
inflation across the European Monetary Union, the Calculation Agent will select an inflation-linked bond 
that is a debt obligation of one of the governments (but not any government agency) of France, Italy, 
Germany or Spain and which pays a coupon or redemption amount which is calculated by reference 
to the level of inflation in the European Monetary Union. In each case, the Calculation Agent will select 
the Fallback Bond from those inflation linked bonds issued on or before the Issue Date and, if there is 
more than one inflation linked bond maturing on the same date, the Fallback Bond shall be selected 
by the Calculation Agent from those bonds. If the Fallback Bond redeems, the Calculation Agent will 
select a new Fallback Bond on the same basis, but selected from all eligible bonds in issue at the time 
the original Fallback Bond redeems (including any bond for which the redeemed bond is exchanged). 
“Inflation Index” means each inflation index specified in the applicable Issue Terms and related 
expressions shall be construed accordingly. 
“Inflation Index Sponsor” means, in relation to an Inflation Index, the entity that publishes or 
announces (directly or through an agent) the level of such Inflation Index which, as of the Issue Date, 
is the Inflation Index Sponsor specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
“Reference Month” means the calendar month for which the level of the Inflation Index was reported, 
regardless of when this information is published or announced. If the period for which the level of the 
Inflation Index was reported is a period other than a month, the Reference Month shall be the period 
for which the level of the Inflation Index was reported. 
“Related Bond” means, in respect of an Inflation Index, the bond specified as such in the applicable 
Issue Terms. If the Related Bond specified in the applicable Issue Terms is “Fallback Bond”, then, for 
any Related Bond determination, the Calculation Agent shall use the Fallback Bond. If no bond is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms as the Related Bond and “Fallback Bond: Not Applicable” is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms there will be no Related Bond. If a bond is selected as the 
Related Bond in the applicable Issue Terms and that bond redeems or matures before the End Date, 
unless “Fallback Bond: Not Applicable” is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the Calculation 
Agent shall use the Fallback Bond for any Related Bond determination. 
(b) 
Inflation Index Adjustments 
(i) 
Delay in Publication 
Subject to Condition 11(b)(ii), if the Calculation Agent determines that a Delayed Index Level Event in 
respect of an Inflation Index has occurred with respect to any Determination Date, then the Relevant 
Level for such Inflation Index the subject of such Delayed Index Level Event (the “Substitute Index 
Level”) shall be determined by the Calculation Agent as follows:

--- Page 192 ---
189 
 
(a) 
if Related Bond is specified as applicable for such Inflation Index in the applicable Issue Terms, 
the Calculation Agent shall determine the Substitute Index Level by reference to the 
corresponding index level determined under the terms and conditions of the relevant Related 
Bond; or 
(b) 
if (A) Related Bond is not specified as applicable for such Inflation Index in the applicable Issue 
Terms, or (B) the Calculation Agent is not able to determine a Substitute Index Level under (i) 
above, the Calculation Agent shall determine the Substitute Index Level by reference to the 
following formula: 
Substitute Index Level = Base Level × (
Latest Level
Reference Level) 
where: 
“Base Level” means, in respect of an Inflation Index, the level of such Inflation Index 
(excluding any “flash” estimates) published or announced by the relevant Inflation Index 
Sponsor in respect of the month which is 12 calendar months prior to the month for which the 
Substitute Index Level is being determined. 
“Latest Level” means, in respect of an Inflation Index, the latest level of such Inflation Index 
(excluding any “flash” estimates) published or announced by the relevant Inflation Index 
Sponsor prior to the month in respect of which the Substitute Index Level is being determined. 
“Reference Level” means, in respect of an Inflation Index, the level of such Inflation Index 
(excluding any “flash” estimates) published or announced by the relevant Inflation Index 
Sponsor in respect of the month that is 12 calendar months prior to the month in respect of 
the Latest Level. 
The Issuer shall give notice to Holders in accordance with Condition 22 of any Substitute Index Level 
calculated pursuant to this Condition 11. 
(ii) 
Cessation of Publication 
If a level for the Inflation Index has not been published or announced for two consecutive months or 
the Inflation Index Sponsor announces that it will no longer continue to publish or announce the 
Inflation Index then the Calculation Agent shall determine a successor index (in lieu of any previously 
applicable Inflation Index) for the purposes of the Inflation Linked Notes by using the following 
methodology:  
(a) 
if, at any time, a successor index has been designated by the Calculation Agent pursuant to 
the terms and conditions of the Related Bond, such successor index shall be designated a 
“Successor Index” notwithstanding that any other Successor Index may previously have been 
determined under paragraphs (b), (c) or (d) below; or  
(b) 
if a Successor Index has not been determined pursuant to Condition 11(b)(ii)(a) and a notice 
has been given or an announcement has been made by the Inflation Index Sponsor, specifying 
that the Inflation Index will be superseded by a replacement Inflation Index specified by the 
Inflation Index Sponsor, and the Calculation Agent determines that such replacement index is 
calculated using the same or substantially similar formula or method of calculation as used in 
the calculation of the previously applicable Inflation Index, such replacement index shall be 
the Inflation Index for purposes of the Inflation Linked Notes from the date that such 
replacement Inflation Index comes into effect; or 
(c) 
if a Successor Index has not been determined pursuant to paragraph (a) or paragraph (b) 
above, the Calculation Agent shall ask five leading independent dealers to state what the 
replacement index for the Inflation Index should be. If between four and five responses are 
received, and of those four or five responses, three or more leading independent dealers state 
the same index, this index will be deemed the “Successor Inflation Index”. If three responses

--- Page 193 ---
190 
 
are received, and two or more leading independent dealers state the same index, this index 
will be deemed the “Successor Inflation Index”. If fewer than three responses are received, 
the Calculation Agent will proceed to paragraph (d) below; or 
(d) 
 if no replacement index or Successor Inflation Index has been deemed under paragraphs (a), 
(b) or (c) above, by the next occurring Cut-Off Date the Calculation Agent will determine an 
appropriate alternative index from such Cut-Off Date, and such index will be deemed a 
“Successor Inflation Index”; or 
(e) 
if the Calculation Agent determines that there is no appropriate alternative index, the Issuer 
shall give notice to the Holders in accordance with Condition 22 and redeem all (but not less 
than all) of the Notes, each nominal amount of Notes equal to the Calculation Amount being 
redeemed at the Early Redemption Amount; or 
(iii) 
Rebasing of the Inflation Index 
If the Calculation Agent determines that the Inflation Index has been or will be rebased at any time, 
the Inflation Index as so rebased (the “Rebased Index”) will be used for purposes of determining the 
level of the Inflation Index from the date of such rebasing; provided, however, that the Calculation 
Agent shall make adjustments as are made by the calculation agent pursuant to the terms and 
conditions of the Related Bond, if Related Bond is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms, to the levels of the Rebased Index so that the Rebased Index levels reflect the same rate of 
inflation as the Inflation Index before it was rebased, or, if Related Bond is not specified as applicable 
in the applicable Issue Terms the Calculation Agent shall make adjustments to the levels of the 
Rebased Index so that the Rebased Index levels reflect the same rate of inflation as the Inflation Index 
before it was rebased.  
(iv) 
Material Modification Prior to Last Occurring Cut-Off 
If, on or prior to the last occurring Cut-Off Date, the Inflation Index Sponsor announces that it will make 
a material change to the Inflation Index then the Calculation Agent shall make any such adjustments, 
if Related Bond is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, consistent with adjustments 
made to the Related Bond, or, if Related Bond is not specified as applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms, only those adjustments to the Inflation Index necessary for the modified Inflation Index to 
continue as the Inflation Index. 
12. 
Preference Share Linked Notes 
This Condition 12 applies to Exempt Notes only. 
(a) 
Definitions 
For the purposes of this Condition 12:  
“Early Redemption Amount” means, in respect of a Note, an amount in the Specified Currency 
calculated by the Calculation Agent on the same basis as the Final Redemption Amount, as set out in 
the applicable Issue Terms, except that the definition of Preference Share Value final shall be the 
Preference Share Value on the Early Redemption Valuation Date.  
“Early Redemption Event” means that the Issuer or any of its affiliates has received notice from the 
Preference Share Issuer that the Preference Shares are to be redeemed early.  
“Early Preference Share Redemption Date” means a date upon which the Preference Shares are 
redeemed prior to their planned maturity, as specified in the relevant Early Preference Share 
Redemption Notice.  
“Early Preference Share Redemption Note Amount” means, in respect of each Preference Share-
Linked Note, an amount in the Specified Currency calculated by the Calculation Agent equal to:

--- Page 194 ---
191 
 
Calculation Amount × Preference Share Valueearly
Preference Share Valueinitial
 
“Early Preference Share Redemption Notice” means a notice from the Preference Share Issuer that 
the Preference Shares are to be redeemed early.  
“Early Redemption Valuation Date” means the second Business Day immediately preceding the date 
for early redemption of the Preference Share-Linked Notes.  
“Extraordinary Event” means a Merger Event, Nationalization, a Tender Offer and/or Insolvency.  
“Final Valuation Date” means the date specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms or, if any 
date(s) for valuation of or any determination of the underlying asset or reference basis (or any thereof) 
for the Preference Shares falling on or about such day is to be delayed in accordance with the terms 
and conditions of the Preference Shares by reason of a disruption or adjustment event, the Final 
Valuation Date shall be such delayed valuation or determination date(s), all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent.  
“Initial Valuation Date” means the Issue Date or, if the date for valuation of or any determination of 
the underlying asset or reference basis (or any part thereof) for the Preference Shares falling on or 
about such day is to be delayed in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Preference Shares 
by reason of a disruption or adjustment event, the Initial Valuation Date shall be such delayed valuation 
or determination date(s), all as determined by the Calculation Agent.  
“Insolvency” means that by reason of the voluntary or involuntary liquidation, bankruptcy, insolvency, 
dissolution or winding-up of or any analogous proceeding affecting the Preference Share Issuer (A) all 
the Preference Shares are required to be transferred to a trustee, liquidator or other similar official or 
(B) holders of the Preference Shares become legally prohibited from transferring them.  
“Merger Date” means the closing date of a Merger Event or, where a closing date cannot be 
determined under the local law applicable to such Merger Event, such other date as determined by the 
Calculation Agent.  
“Merger Event” means any (a) reclassification or change of the Preference Shares that results in a 
transfer of or an irrevocable commitment to transfer all of such Preference Shares outstanding to 
another entity or person, (b) consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange of the 
Preference Share Issuer with or into another entity or person (other than a consolidation, 
amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange in which the Preference Share Issuer is the 
continuing entity and which does not result in a reclassification or change of all of such Preference 
Shares outstanding), (c) takeover offer, tender offer, exchange offer, solicitation, proposal or other 
event by any entity or person to purchase or otherwise obtain 100 per cent. of the outstanding 
Preference Shares that results in a transfer of or an irrevocable commitment to transfer all such 
Preference Shares (other than such Preference Shares owned or controlled by such other entity or 
person), or (d) consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange of the Preference 
Share Issuer with or into another entity in which the Preference Share Issuer is the continuing entity 
and which does not result in a reclassification or change of all such Preference Shares outstanding 
but results in the outstanding Preference Shares (other than Preference Shares owned or controlled 
by such other entity) immediately prior to such event collectively representing less than 50 per cent. of 
the outstanding Preference Shares immediately following such event, in each case if the Merger Date 
is on or before the Maturity Date.  
“Nationalization” means that all the Preference Shares or all or substantially all the assets of the 
Preference Share Issuer are nationalized, expropriated or are otherwise required to be transferred to 
any governmental agency, authority, entity or instrumentality thereof.  
“Preference Share Issuer” has the meaning specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
“Preference Shares” means the preferences shares of the Preference Share Issuer, each as specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms.

--- Page 195 ---
192 
 
“Preference Share Value” means, in respect of any day, the market value of Preference Share at the 
Valuation Time on such day as determined by the Calculation Agent.  
“Preference Share Value early” means the Preference Share Value on the Early Redemption Valuation 
Date.”  
“Tender Offer” means a takeover offer, tender offer, exchange offer, solicitation, proposal or other 
event by any entity or person that results in such entity or person purchasing, or otherwise obtaining 
or having the right to obtain, by conversion or other means, greater than 10 per cent. and less than 
100 per cent. of the outstanding voting shares of the Preference Share Issuer as determined by the 
Calculation Agent, based upon the making of filings with governmental or self-regulatory agencies or 
such other information as the Calculation Agent deems relevant.  
“Valuation Time” has the meaning given to it in the applicable Issue Terms or if not set out in the 
applicable Issue Terms, immediately following the time at which the final preference share redemption 
amount in respect of the Preference Shares is determined.  
(b) 
Redemption of Preference Share-Linked Notes  
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, each Preference Share Linked Note will be 
redeemed by the Issuer on the Maturity Date by payment of the Final Redemption Amount specified 
in, or determined in the manner specified in, the applicable Issue Terms on the Maturity Date.  
(c) 
Early Redemption for Taxation Reasons  
If the Preference Share Linked Notes are redeemed pursuant to Condition 5(c), each Preference Share 
Linked Note shall be redeemed at the Early Redemption Amount.  
(d) 
Call Option  
If Call Option is specified in the applicable Issue Terms as being applicable the provisions of Condition 
5(d) shall apply to the Preference Share Linked Notes as if the words “in whole or, if so specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms, in part” in the second and third lines were replaced with the words “in 
whole (but not in part)”.  
(e) 
Early Redemption of Preference Share-Linked Notes  
Upon the occurrence of an Early Redemption Event, the Issuer may give notice to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 22 and will redeem all (but not some only) of the Preference Share Linked 
Notes on the tenth Business Day immediately preceding the Early Preference Share Redemption Date 
(as specified in the Early Preference Share Redemption Notice), each Preference Share Linked Note 
to be redeemed by payment of the Early Preference Share Redemption Note Amount.  
(f) 
Extraordinary Events  
If, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, an Extraordinary Event occurs, the Issuer may (but is 
not obliged to) give notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 22 and redeem all, but not 
some only, of the Preference Share-Linked Notes, each Preference Share-Linked Note being 
redeemed at the Early Redemption Amount on the tenth Business Day immediately following the date 
on which such determination is made by the Calculation Agent.  
(g) 
Additional Disruption Events 
If, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, an Additional Disruption Event occurs, the Issuer may 
(but is not obliged to) give notice to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 22 and redeem all, but 
not some only, of the Preference Share Linked Notes, each Preference Share Linked Note being 
redeemed at the Early Redemption Amount on the tenth Business Day immediately following the date 
on which such determination is made by the Calculation Agent.

--- Page 196 ---
193 
 
(h) 
Payments – General Provisions  
Condition 15(f) shall not apply to the Preference Share-Linked Notes.  
(i) 
Calculations and Determinations  
The Calculation Agent will make the calculations and determinations as described in this Condition 12 
in such a manner as the Calculation Agent determines is appropriate acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner (having regard in each case to the criteria stipulated in the 
Conditions and the hedging arrangements in respect of the Preference Share Linked Notes).  
Notwithstanding that certain calculations, determinations and adjustments in this Condition 12 may be 
expressed to be on a certain date, the Calculation Agent may make such calculations, determinations 
and adjustments in respect of that date on a date after that date determined by it in its discretion.  
Pursuant to this Condition 12 the Calculation Agent has a number of discretions. These are necessary 
since in certain circumstances it is not reasonably practicable or otherwise not appropriate for certain 
valuations to be carried out in relation to relevant Reference Items and, in these circumstances, the 
Calculation Agent also may exercise certain discretions.  
(j) 
Rounding: The second paragraph of Condition 4(j) shall not apply to the Preference Share-
Linked Notes. 
13. 
Additional Disruption Events 
(a) 
Additional Disruption Events 
If Additional Disruption Events are specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, then if an 
Additional Disruption Event occurs, the Issuer in its sole and absolute discretion may: 
(i) 
require the Calculation Agent to determine in its sole and absolute discretion the appropriate 
adjustment, if any, to be made to any one or more of the relevant Interest Amount and/or the 
Redemption Amount and/or the Asset Amount and/or the Strike Price and/or the Multiplier 
and/or any of the other terms of these Conditions and/or the applicable Issue Terms to account 
for the Additional Disruption Event and determine the effective date of that adjustment; or 
(ii) 
give notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 22 and redeem all, but not some 
only, of the Notes, each nominal amount of Notes equal to the Calculation Amount being 
redeemed at the Early Redemption Amount on the tenth Business Day immediately following 
the date on which such determination is made by the Calculation Agent. 
Upon the occurrence of an Additional Disruption Event, the Issuer shall give notice as soon as 
practicable to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 22  stating the occurrence of the Additional 
Disruption Event, as the case may be, giving details thereof and the action proposed to be taken in 
relation thereto.  
(b) 
Consequences of an Additional Disruption Event  
If the applicable Issue Terms specifies that Additional Disruption Events shall be applicable, then: 
(a) 
following the determination by the Calculation Agent that an Additional Disruption Event has 
occurred, the Issuer in its sole and absolute discretion may take the action described in (i) or 
(ii) below: 
(i) 
require the Calculation Agent to determine in its sole and absolute discretion the 
appropriate adjustment, if any, to be made to any of the other terms of the Conditions 
and/or the applicable Issue Terms to account for the Additional Disruption Event and 
determine the effective date of that adjustment; or

--- Page 197 ---
194 
 
(ii) 
give notice to Holders in accordance with Condition 22 and redeem all, but not less 
than all, of the Notes, each nominal amount of Notes equal to the Calculation Amount 
being redeemed at the Early Redemption Amount; or 
(b) 
upon the occurrence of an Additional Disruption Event, the Issuer shall give notice as soon as 
practicable to the Holders in accordance with Condition 22 stating the occurrence of the 
Additional Disruption Event giving details thereof and the action proposed to be taken in 
relation thereto provided that any failure to give, or non-receipt of, such notice will not affect 
the validity of the Additional Disruption Event; and 
If the Notes are Commodity Linked Notes and Additional Disruption Events are specified as 
applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the action to be taken if an Additional Disruption Event 
occurs will be specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
(c) 
Definitions applicable to Additional Disruption Events 
“Additional Disruption Event” means with respect to any Series of Notes any of (i) Change in Law, 
(ii) (in the case of Fund Linked Notes) Fund Hedging Disruption, (iii) Hedging Disruption, (iv) 
Increased Cost of Hedging,  (v) (in the case of Equity Linked Notes and Preference Share Linked 
Notes only) Insolvency Filing,  and/or (vi) (in the case of Equity Linked Notes or Index Linked Notes) 
Increased Cost of Stock Borrow and/or Loss of Stock Borrow, in each case if specified as applicable 
in the applicable Issue Terms.  
“Change in Law” means that, on or after the Trade Date (or such other date as specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms) (A) due to the adoption of or any change (including any announced 
prospective change) in any applicable law or regulation (including, without limitation, any tax law), or 
(B) due to the promulgation of or any change in the interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory 
authority with competent jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation (including any action taken 
by a taxing authority), the Calculation Agent determines in its sole and absolute discretion that (X) it 
has become illegal to hold, acquire or dispose of any relevant Underlying Equity (in the case of Equity 
Linked Notes) or any relevant security/commodity comprised in an Index (in the case of Index Linked 
Notes), Fund Share or Fund Interest (in the case of Fund Linked Notes), currency (in the case of FX 
Linked Notes) or asset or any Preference Share or (Y) the Issuer or any Affiliate(s) of the Issuer will 
incur a materially increased cost in performing its obligations in relation to the Notes (including, 
without limitation, due to any increase in tax liability, decrease in tax benefit or other adverse effect 
on the tax position of the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates). 
“Fund Hedging Disruption” means that the Issuer or any of its Affiliates or agents is unable, or it is 
impractical for the Issuer or any of its Affiliates or agents, after using commercially reasonable efforts, 
to (i) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction or 
asset it deems necessary or appropriate to hedge the price risk relating to any Fund Interest of the 
Issuer issuing and performing its obligations with respect to the Fund Linked Notes, or (ii) realize, 
recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction or asset, including, without limitation, where 
such inability or impracticability has arisen by reason of (A) any restrictions or increase in charges or 
fees imposed by a Fund on an investor’s ability to redeem the related Fund Interest, in whole or in 
part, or any existing or new investor’s ability to make new or additional investments in such Fund 
Interest, or (B) any mandatory redemption, in whole or in part, of a Fund Interest imposed by the 
related Fund (in each case other than any restriction in existence on the Trade Date or, in respect of 
a Replacement Fund Interest, the relevant replacement date). 
“Hedging Disruption” means that the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates is unable, after using 
commercially reasonable efforts, to (A) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind 
or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the equity, currency (in the 
case of FX Linked Notes) or other price risk of the Issuer issuing and performing its obligations with 
respect to the Notes, or (B) realize, recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or 
asset(s). 
“Hedging Shares” means the number of Underlying Equities (in the case of Equity Linked Notes) or 
securities/commodities comprised in an Index (in the case of Index Linked Notes) that the Calculation

--- Page 198 ---
195 
 
Agent deems necessary to hedge the equity or other price risk of entering into and performing its 
obligations with respect to the Notes. 
“Increased Cost of Hedging” means that the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates would incur a 
materially increased (as compared with circumstances existing on the Trade Date) amount of tax, 
duty, expense or fee (other than brokerage commissions) to (A) acquire, establish, re-establish, 
substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge 
the equity, currency (in the case of FX Linked Notes), the risk of entering into and performing its 
obligations with respect to the Preference Share (in the case of Preference Share Linked Notes), 
price risk relating to any Fund Interest of the Issuer (in the case of Fund Linked Notes) or other price 
risk of the Issuer issuing and performing its obligations with respect to the Notes, or (B) realize, 
recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s), provided that any such materially 
increased amount that is incurred solely due to the deterioration of the creditworthiness of the Issuer 
and/or any of its Affiliates shall not be deemed an Increased Cost of Hedging. 
“Increased Cost of Stock Borrow” means that the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates would incur a 
rate to borrow any Underlying Equity (in the case of Equity Linked Notes) or any security/commodity 
comprised in an Index (in the case of Index Linked Notes) that is greater than the Initial Stock Loan 
Rate. 
“Initial Stock Loan Rate” means, in respect of an Underlying Equity (in the case of Equity Linked 
Notes) or a security/commodity comprised in an Index (in the case of Index Linked Notes), the Initial 
Stock Loan Rate specified in relation to such Underlying Equity, security or commodity in the 
applicable Issue Terms. 
“Insolvency Filing” means that an Equity Issuer or Preference Share Issuer, as applicable, institutes 
or has instituted against it by a regulator, supervisor or any similar official with primary insolvency, 
rehabilitative or regulatory jurisdiction over it in the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization or 
the jurisdiction of its head or home office, or it consents to a proceeding seeking a judgment of 
insolvency or bankruptcy or any other relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other similar 
law affecting creditors’ rights, or a petition is presented for its winding-up or liquidation by it or such 
regulator, supervisor or similar official or it consents to such a petition, provided that proceedings 
instituted or petitions presented by creditors and not consented to by the Equity Issuer or the 
Preference Share Issuer, as applicable, shall not be deemed an Insolvency Filing. 
“Loss of Stock Borrow” means that the Issuer and/or any Affiliate is unable, after using 
commercially reasonable efforts, to borrow (or maintain a borrowing of) any Underlying Equity (in the 
case of Equity Linked Notes) or any securities/commodities comprised in an Index (in the case of 
Index Linked Notes) in an amount equal to the Hedging Shares at a rate equal to or less than the 
Maximum Stock Loan Rate. 
“Maximum Stock Loan Rate” means, in respect of an Underlying Equity (in the case of Equity Linked 
Notes) or a security/commodity comprised in an Index (in the case of Index Linked Notes), the 
Maximum Stock Loan Rate specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
14. 
Physical Delivery 
(a) 
Interpretation 
The following provisions apply to Notes where Physical Delivery is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms. 
(b) 
Delivery of Entitlement and Asset Transfer Notices  
In order to obtain delivery of the Asset Amount(s) in respect of any Note: 
(i) 
if such Note is represented by a Global Note, the relevant Noteholder must deliver to Euroclear 
or Clearstream, Luxembourg (as applicable), with a copy to the Fiscal Agent or, in the case of 
Registered Notes, the Registrar and the Issuer not later than the close of business in each

--- Page 199 ---
196 
 
place of reception on the Cut-Off Date, a duly completed Asset Transfer Notice substantially 
in the form set out in the Agency Agreement (the “Asset Transfer Notice”); and 
(ii) 
if such Note is in definitive form, the relevant Noteholder must deliver to any Paying Agent, 
with a copy to the Fiscal Agent or, in the case of Registered Notes, the Registrar and the 
Issuer not later than the close of business in each place of reception on the Cut-Off Date, a 
duly completed Asset Transfer Notice. 
Forms of the Asset Transfer Notice may be obtained during normal business hours from the specified 
office of any Paying Agent. 
An Asset Transfer Notice may only be delivered (i) if such Note is represented by a Global Note, in 
such manner as is acceptable to Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, or (ii) if 
such Note is in definitive form, in writing. 
If this Note is in definitive form, this Note must be delivered together with the duly completed Asset 
Transfer Notice. 
The delivery of the Asset Amount shall be made at the risk of the relevant Noteholder in the manner 
and in the place (if any) specified in the applicable Issue Terms or in such other commercially 
reasonable manner as the Issuer shall, in its sole discretion, determine to be appropriate for such 
delivery and shall notify to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 22. 
All expenses including any applicable depositary charges, transaction or exercise charges, stamp duty, 
stamp duty reserve tax, issue, registration, securities, transfer and/or other taxes or duties (together, 
“Delivery Expenses”) arising from the redemption of the Notes and the delivery and/or transfer of any 
Asset Amount shall be for the account of the relevant Noteholder and no delivery and/or transfer of 
any Asset Amount shall be made until all Delivery Expenses have been paid to the satisfaction of the 
Issuer by the relevant Noteholder. 
An Asset Transfer Notice must: 
(i) 
specify the name, address and contact telephone number of the relevant Noteholder, any 
account details required for delivery as set out in the applicable Issue Terms and the person 
from whom the Issuer may obtain details for the delivery of the Asset Amount if such delivery 
is to be made otherwise than in the manner specified in the applicable Issue Terms; 
(ii) 
in the case of Notes represented by a Global Note, specify the nominal amount of Notes which 
are the subject of such notice and the number of the Noteholder’s account at Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, to be debited with such Notes and irrevocably 
instruct and authorize Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, to debit 
the relevant Noteholder’s account with such Notes on or before the Maturity Date; 
(iii) 
include an undertaking to pay all Delivery Expenses and, in the case of Notes represented by 
a Global Note, an authority to debit a specified account of the Noteholder at Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, in respect thereof and to pay such Delivery 
Expenses; 
(iv) 
include such details as are required by the applicable Issue Terms for delivery of the Asset 
Amount, which may include account details and/or the name and address of any person(s) 
into whose name evidence of the Asset Amount is to be registered and/or any bank, broker or 
agent to whom documents evidencing the Asset Amount are to be delivered and specify the 
name and number of the Holder’s account to be credited with any cash payable by the Issuer, 
in respect of any cash amount constituting the Asset Amount or any dividends relating to the 
Asset Amount, as a result of the occurrence of a Settlement Disruption Event or a Failure to 
Deliver due to Illiquidity and the Issuer electing to pay the Disruption Cash Settlement Price or 
Failure to Deliver Settlement Price;  
(v) 
certify that the beneficial owner of each Note is not a United States Person (as defined in the 
Asset Transfer Notice), the Note is not being redeemed within the United States or on behalf

--- Page 200 ---
197 
 
of a United States Person and no cash, securities or other property have been or will be 
delivered within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, a United States Person 
in connection with any redemption thereof; and  
(vi) 
authorize the production of such notice in any applicable administrative or legal proceedings. 
No Asset Transfer Notice may be withdrawn after receipt thereof by Euroclear, Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, or a Paying Agent or the Registrar, as the case may be, as provided above. After delivery 
of an Asset Transfer Notice, the relevant Noteholder may not transfer the Notes which are the subject 
of such notice. 
In the case of Notes represented by a Global Note, upon receipt of such notice, Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, shall verify that the person specified therein as the 
Noteholder is the holder of the specified nominal amount of Notes according to its books. 
Subject thereto, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, will confirm to the Fiscal 
Agent or, in the case of Registered Notes, the Registrar, the series number and number of Notes the 
subject of such notice, the relevant account details (if applicable) and the details for the delivery of the 
Asset Amount in respect of each such Note. Upon receipt of such confirmation, the Fiscal Agent or, in 
the case of Registered Notes, the Registrar will inform the Issuer thereof. Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as the case may be, will on or before the Delivery Date (defined below) debit the 
securities account of the relevant Holder with the Notes the subject of the relevant Asset Transfer 
Notice. 
Failure to complete properly and deliver an Asset Transfer Notice may result in such notice being 
treated as null and void. Any determination as to whether such notice has been properly completed 
and delivered as provided in these Conditions shall be made, in the case of Notes represented by a 
Global Note, by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, after consultation with 
the Fiscal Agent or, in the case of Registered Notes, the Registrar and the Issuer and shall be 
conclusive and binding on the Issuer and the relevant Noteholder and, in the case of Notes in definitive 
form, by the relevant Paying Agent after consultation with the Fiscal Agent or, in the case of Registered 
Notes, the Registrar and the Issuer, and shall be conclusive and binding on the Issuer and the relevant 
Noteholder. 
If such Asset Transfer Notice is subsequently corrected to the satisfaction of Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as the case may be, or the relevant Paying Agent, in each case in consultation with the 
Fiscal Agent or, in the case of Registered Notes, the Registrar and the Issuer, it shall be deemed to 
be a new Asset Transfer Notice submitted at the time such correction was delivered as provided above. 
Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg, the relevant Paying Agent or, in the case of Registered Notes, 
the Registrar, as applicable, shall use its best efforts promptly to notify the Noteholder submitting an 
Asset Transfer Notice if, in consultation with the Fiscal Agent or, in the case of Registered Notes, the 
Registrar and the Issuer, it has determined that such Asset Transfer Notice is incomplete or not in 
proper form. In the absence of negligence or wilful misconduct on its part, none of the Issuer, the 
Paying Agents, Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg, the Fiscal Agent or the Registrar shall be liable 
to any person with respect to any action taken or omitted to be taken by it in connection with such 
determination or the notification of such determination to a Noteholder. 
Subject as provided in this Condition, the Asset Amount will be delivered at the risk of the relevant 
Noteholder, in the manner provided above on the Maturity Date (such date, subject to adjustment in 
accordance with this Condition, the “Delivery Date”), provided that the Asset Transfer Notice is duly 
delivered to Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or a Paying Agent, as the case may be, with a copy 
to the Fiscal Agent or, in the case of Registered Notes, the Registrar and the Issuer, as provided 
above, not later than the close of business in each place of receipt on the Cut-Off Date. 
If an Asset Transfer Notice is delivered to Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or a Paying Agent, as 
the case may be, with a copy to the Fiscal Agent or, in the case of Registered Notes, the Registrar 
and the Issuer, later than the close of business in each place of receipt on the Cut-Off Date, then the 
Asset Amount will be delivered as soon as practicable after the Maturity Date (in which case, such 
date of delivery shall be the Delivery Date) at the risk of such Noteholder in the manner provided

--- Page 201 ---
198 
 
above. If in respect of a Note an Asset Transfer Notice is not delivered to Euroclear, Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or a Paying Agent, as the case may be, with a copy to the Fiscal Agent or, in the case of 
Registered Notes, the Registrar and the Issuer, later than the close of business in each place of receipt 
on the 90th calendar day following the Cut-off Date the Issuer’s obligations in respect of such Note 
shall be discharged and no further liability in respect thereof shall attach to the Issuer. For the 
avoidance of doubt, in such circumstances such Noteholder shall not be entitled to any payment, 
whether of interest or otherwise, as a result of such Delivery Date falling after the originally designated 
Delivery Date and no liability in respect thereof shall attach to the Issuer. 
Delivery of the Asset Amount in respect of the Notes is subject to all applicable laws, regulations and 
practices in force on the Delivery Date, and none of the Issuer or any of its Affiliates or agents, the 
Paying Agents or the Registrar shall incur any liability whatsoever if it is unable to effect the 
transactions contemplated, after using all reasonable efforts, as a result of any such laws, regulations 
or practices. None of the Issuer or any of its Affiliates or agents, the Paying Agents or the Registrar 
shall under any circumstances be liable for any acts or defaults of Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg in relation to the performance of their duties in relation to the Notes. 
For such period of time after the Maturity Date as any person other than the relevant Noteholder shall 
continue to be the legal owner of the securities, assets or obligations comprising the Asset Amount 
(the “Intervening Period”), neither the Issuer nor any other such person shall (i) be under any 
obligation to deliver or procure delivery to the relevant Noteholder or any subsequent beneficial owner 
of such Note any letter, certificate, notice, circular or any other document or except as provided herein, 
payment whatsoever received by that person in respect of such securities, assets or obligations, (ii) 
be under any obligation to exercise or procure exercise of any or all rights (including voting rights) 
attaching to such securities, assets or obligations during the Intervening Period or (iii) be under any 
liability to the relevant Noteholder, or any subsequent beneficial owner of such Note in respect of any 
loss or damage which the relevant Noteholder, or subsequent beneficial owner may sustain or suffer 
as a result, whether directly or indirectly, of that person being the legal owner of such securities, assets 
or obligations during such Intervening Period.  
Where the Asset Amount comprises equity securities, any dividend or other distribution in respect of 
such Asset Amount will be payable to the party that would receive such dividend or other distribution 
according to market practice for a sale of the Underlying Equity executed on the Delivery Date and to 
be delivered in the same manner as the Asset Amount. Any such dividend or other distribution to be 
paid to a Noteholder shall be paid to the account specified in the relevant Asset Transfer Notice. 
Where the Asset Amount is, in the determination of the Issuer, an amount other than an amount of 
Relevant Assets capable of being delivered, the Noteholders will receive an Asset Amount comprising 
of the nearest number (rounded down) of Relevant Assets capable of being delivered by the Issuer 
(taking into account that a Noteholder’s entire holding may be aggregated at the Issuer’s discretion for 
the purpose of delivering the Asset Amount), and in respect of the amount of Relevant Assets not 
capable of being delivered, an amount in the Specified Currency which shall be the value of the amount 
of the Relevant Assets so rounded down, as calculated by the Calculation Agent in its sole discretion 
from such source(s) as it may select (converted if necessary into the Specified Currency by reference 
to such exchange rate as the Calculation Agent deems appropriate). 
(c) 
Settlement Disruption Event  
If, prior to the delivery of the Asset Amount in accordance with this Condition, a Settlement Disruption 
Event is subsisting, then the Delivery Date in respect of such Note shall be postponed until the next 
Settlement Business Day on which no Settlement Disruption Event is subsisting and notice thereof 
shall be given to the relevant Noteholder, in accordance with Condition 22. Such Noteholder shall not 
be entitled to any payment, whether of interest or otherwise, on such Note as a result of any delay in 
the delivery of the Asset Amount pursuant to this Condition 14. Where delivery of the Asset Amount 
has been postponed as provided in this paragraph the Issuer shall not be in breach of these Conditions 
and no liability in respect thereof shall attach to the Issuer. 
For so long as delivery of the Asset Amount in respect of any Note is not practicable by reason of a 
Settlement Disruption Event, then in lieu of Physical Delivery and notwithstanding any other provision 
hereof, the Issuer may elect in its sole discretion to satisfy its obligations in respect of the relevant

--- Page 202 ---
199 
 
Note by payment to the relevant Noteholder of the Disruption Cash Settlement Price not later than on 
the third Business Day following the date that the notice of such election (the “Election Notice”) is 
given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 22. Payment of the Disruption Cash Settlement 
Price will be made in such manner as shall be notified to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 
22. 
For the purposes of this Condition 14(c): 
“Disruption Cash Settlement Price” means, in respect of each nominal amount of Notes equal to the 
Calculation Amount, an amount equal to the fair market value of the relevant Note (but not taking into 
account any interest accrued on such Note as such interest shall be paid pursuant to Conditions 4 and 
15) on such day as shall be selected by the Issuer in its sole and absolute discretion provided that 
such day is not more than 15 days before the date that the Election Notice is given as provided above 
less the costs to the Issuer and/or any Affiliate of the Issuer of unwinding or adjusting any underlying 
or related hedging arrangements (including but not limited to any options or selling or otherwise 
realizing any Relevant Asset or other instruments of any type whatsoever which the Issuer and/or any 
of its Affiliates may hold as part of such hedging arrangements), all as calculated by the Calculation 
Agent in its sole and absolute discretion;  
“Settlement Disruption Event” means an event beyond the control of the Issuer, as a result of which, 
in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, delivery of the Asset Amount by or on behalf of the Issuer in 
accordance with these Conditions and/or the applicable Issue Terms is not practicable. 
(d) 
Failure to Deliver due to Illiquidity 
If Failure to Deliver due to Illiquidity is specified as applying in the applicable Issue Terms and, in the 
opinion of the Calculation Agent, it is impossible or impracticable to deliver, when due, some or all of 
the Relevant Assets comprising the Asset Amount (the “Affected Relevant Assets”), where such 
failure to deliver is due to illiquidity in the market for the Relevant Assets (a “Failure to Deliver”), then: 
(i) 
subject as provided elsewhere in these Conditions and/or the applicable Issue Terms, any 
Relevant Assets which are not Affected Relevant Assets, will be delivered on the originally 
designated Delivery Date in accordance with this Condition 14; and 
(ii) 
in respect of any Affected Relevant Assets, notwithstanding any other provision hereof, the 
Issuer may elect in its sole discretion, in lieu of delivery of the Affected Relevant Assets, to 
pay to the relevant Noteholder the Failure to Deliver Settlement Price (as defined below) on 
the fifth Business Day following the date the Failure to Deliver Notice (as defined below) is 
given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 22. Payment of the Failure to Deliver 
Settlement Price will be made in such manner as shall be notified to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 22. The Issuer shall give notice (such notice a “Failure to Deliver 
Notice”) as soon as reasonably practicable to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 
22 that the provisions of this Condition 14(d) apply. 
(e) 
Option to Vary Settlement 
If the applicable Issue Terms indicates that the Issuer has an option to vary settlement in respect of 
the Notes, the Issuer may at its sole and unfettered discretion in respect of each such Note, elect not 
to pay the relevant Noteholders the Final Redemption Amount or to deliver or procure delivery of the 
Asset Amount to the relevant Noteholders, as the case may be, but, in lieu thereof to deliver or 
procure delivery of the Asset Amount or make payment of the Final Redemption Amount on the 
Maturity Date to the relevant Holders, as the case may be. Notification of such election will be given 
to Holders in accordance with Condition 22. 
In these Conditions: 
“Affiliate” means in relation to any entity (the “First Entity”), any entity controlled, directly or 
indirectly, by the First Entity, any entity that controls, directly or indirectly, the First Entity or any entity 
directly or indirectly under common control with the First Entity. For these purposes “control” means 
ownership of a majority of the voting power of an entity.

--- Page 203 ---
200 
 
“Failure to Deliver Settlement Price” means, in respect of each nominal amount of the Notes equal 
to the Calculation Amount, the fair market value of the Affected Relevant Assets on the fifth Business 
Day prior to the date on which the Failure to Deliver Notice is given as provided above, less the 
proportionate cost to the Issuer and/or its Affiliates of unwinding or adjusting any underlying or related 
hedging arrangements in respect of the Notes, all as calculated by the Calculation Agent in its sole 
and absolute discretion. 
15. 
Payments and Talons 
(a) 
Bearer Notes 
(i) 
Payments of principal (or, as the case may be, Final Redemption Amounts, Early Redemption 
Amounts, Optional Redemption Amounts or Autocall Cash Settlement Amounts) and interest 
in respect of Bearer Notes (other than Dual Currency Notes) shall, subject as mentioned 
below, be made against presentation and surrender of the relevant Receipts (in the case of 
payments of Instalment Amounts other than on the due date for redemption and provided that 
the Receipt is presented for payment together with its relative Note), Notes (in the case of all 
other payments of principal and, in the case of interest, as specified in Condition 15(h)(v)) or 
Coupons (in the case of interest, save as specified in Condition 15(h)(ii)), as the case may be, 
at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United States by a cheque payable in 
the currency in which such payment is due drawn on, or, at the option of the Holder, by credit 
or transfer to an account denominated in that currency maintained by or as directed by the 
Holder with, a bank in the principal financial centre of that currency, provided that:  
a. 
payments in a currency other than euro or U.S. dollars will be made by credit or 
transfer to an account in the relevant currency (which, in the case of a payment in 
Japanese Yen to a non-resident of Japan, shall be a non-resident account)  
maintained by the payee with, or at the option of the payee by a cheque in such 
currency drawn on, a bank in the principal financial centre of the country of such 
currency (which, if the currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars shall be 
Sydney or Auckland, respectively);   
b. 
payments in euro will be made by credit or transfer to a euro account maintained 
outside the United States (or any other account to which euro may be credited or 
transferred) specified by the payee, or at the option of the payee, by euro cheque; and 
c. 
payments in U.S. dollars, except as provided by Condition 15(c), shall be made by 
credit or transfer to a U.S. dollar account outside the United States specified by the 
payee.   
(ii) 
The Receipts are not and shall not in any circumstances be deemed to be documents of title 
and if separated from the Note to which they relate will not represent any obligation of the 
Issuer.  Accordingly, the presentation of a Note without the relevant Receipt or the presentation 
of a Receipt without the Note to which it appertains shall not entitle the Holder to any payment 
in respect of the relevant Instalment Amount. 
(iii) 
A cheque may not be delivered to an address in, and an amount may not be transferred to an 
account at a bank located in, the United States of America or its possessions by any office or 
agency of the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent or any Paying Agent except as provided by Condition 
15(c).   
(b) 
Registered Notes 
(i) 
Payments of principal (which for the purposes of this Condition 15(b) shall include final 
Instalment Amounts but not other Instalment Amounts, Final Redemption Amounts, Early 
Redemption Amounts, Optional Redemption Amounts or Autocall Cash Settlement Amounts) 
in respect of Registered Notes shall be made against presentation and surrender of the 
relevant Certificates at the specified office of any of the Transfer Agents or of the Registrar 
and in the manner provided in paragraph (ii) below.

--- Page 204 ---
201 
 
(ii) 
Interest (which for the purpose of this Condition 15(b) shall include all Instalment Amounts 
other than final Instalment Amounts) on Registered Notes shall be paid to the person shown 
on the Register (i) in relation to Registered Notes in global form, at the close of business on 
the first Business Day before the due date for payment thereof or (ii) in relation to Registered 
Notes in definitive form at the close of business on the 15th day before the due date for 
payment thereof or (iii) in the case of Registered Notes to be cleared through DTC, on the 15th 
DTC Business Day before the due date for payment thereof (each the “Record Date”). “DTC 
Business Day” means any day on which DTC is open for business.  
(iii) 
Save as provided in paragraph (iv) below, payments of interest and principal on each 
Registered Note, will be made in the currency in which such payments are due by cheque 
drawn on a bank in the principal financial centre of the country of the currency concerned 
(which, if the currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars shall be Sydney or 
Auckland, respectively) and mailed to the Holder (or to the first named of joint Holders) of such 
Note at its address appearing in the Register.  Upon application by the Holder to the specified 
office of the Registrar or any Transfer Agent before the Record Date:  
a. 
payments in a currency other than euro may be made by credit or transfer to an 
account in the relevant currency (which, in the case of a payment in Japanese Yen to 
a non-resident of Japan, shall be a non-resident account) maintained by or as directed 
by the Holder with a bank in the principal financial centre of the country of such 
currency (which, if the currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars shall be 
Sydney or Auckland, respectively);  and 
b. 
payments in euro may be made by credit or transfer to a euro account (or any other 
account to which euro may be credited or transferred) specified by the payee.   
(iv) 
Payments of principal and interest in respect of Registered Notes registered in the name of, 
or in the name of a nominee for, DTC and payable in a currency other than U.S. dollars will be 
made or procured to be made by the Fiscal Agent in such currency in accordance with the 
following provisions. The amounts in such currency payable by the Fiscal Agent or its agent 
to DTC or DTC’s nominee with respect to Registered Notes held by DTC or DTC’s nominee 
will be received from the Issuer by the Fiscal Agent who will make payments in such currency 
by wire transfer of same day funds to, in the case of Notes registered in the name of DTC’s 
nominee, to such nominee, or otherwise to the designated bank account in such currency of 
those DTC participants entitled to receive the relevant payment who have made an irrevocable 
election to DTC, in the case of interest payments, on or prior to the third DTC Business Day 
after the Record Date for the relevant payment of interest and, in the case of payments or 
principal, at least 12 DTC Business Days prior to the relevant payment date, to receive that 
payment in such currency. The Fiscal Agent, after an exchange agent has converted amounts 
in such currency into U.S. dollars, will cause such exchange agent to deliver such U.S. dollar 
amount in same day funds to DTC’s nominee for payment through the DTC settlement system 
to those DTC participants entitled to receive the relevant payment who did not elect to receive 
such payment in such currency. The Agency Agreement sets out the manner in which such 
conversions are to be made. 
(c) 
Payments in the United States 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any Bearer Notes are denominated in U.S. dollars, payments in 
respect thereof may be made at the specified office of any Paying Agent in New York City in the 
same manner as aforesaid if (i) the Issuer shall have appointed Paying Agents with specified offices 
outside the United States with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to 
make payment of the amounts on the Notes in the manner provided above when due, (ii) payment 
in full of such amounts at all such offices is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or 
other similar restrictions on payment or receipt of such amounts and (iii) such payment is then 
permitted by United States law, without involving, in the opinion of the Issuer, any adverse tax 
consequence to the Issuer.

--- Page 205 ---
202 
 
(d) 
Payments Subject to Fiscal Laws 
Payments will be subject in all cases to (i) any fiscal or other laws and regulations applicable thereto 
in the place of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 16 (Taxation) and (ii) 
any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the 
United States Internal Revenue Code or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 
of the United States Internal Revenue Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, any official 
interpretations thereof, or any law implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto. 
(e) 
Unavailable Currency 
This Condition 15(e) does not apply to FX Linked Notes.  Unless specified otherwise in the applicable 
Issue Terms, if the Issuer is due to make a payment in a currency (the “original currency”) other 
than U.S. dollars in respect of any Note, Coupon or Receipt and the original currency is not available 
on the foreign exchange markets due to the imposition of exchange controls, the original currency’s 
replacement or disuse or other circumstances beyond the Issuer’s control, the Issuer will be entitled 
to satisfy its obligations in respect of such payment by making payment in U.S. dollars on the basis 
of the spot exchange rate (the “US FX Rate”) at which the original currency is offered in exchange 
for U.S. dollars in the London foreign exchange market (or, at the option of the Issuer or its designated 
Calculation Agent, in the foreign exchange market of any other financial centre which is then open 
for business) at noon, London time, two Business Days prior to the date on which payment is due, 
or if the US FX Rate is not available on that date, on the basis of a substitute exchange rate 
determined by the Issuer or by its designated Calculation Agent acting in its absolute discretion from 
such source(s) and at such time as it may select.  For the avoidance of doubt, the US FX Rate or 
substitute exchange rate as aforesaid may be such that the resulting U.S. dollars amount is zero and 
in such event no amount of U.S. dollars or the original currency will be payable.  Any payment made 
in U.S. dollars or non-payment in accordance with this paragraph will not constitute an Event of 
Default.   
(f) 
Appointment of Agents 
The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents, the Registrar, the Transfer Agents and the Calculation Agents 
initially appointed by the Issuer and their respective specified offices are indicated in the applicable 
Issue Terms. The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents, the Registrar, Transfer Agents and the 
Calculation Agents act solely as agents of the Issuer and do not assume any obligation or relationship 
of agency or trust for or with any Noteholder or Couponholder. The Issuer reserves the right at any 
time to vary or terminate the appointment of the Fiscal Agent, any other Paying Agent, the Registrar, 
any Transfer Agent or the Calculation Agents and to appoint additional or other Paying Agents or 
Transfer Agents, provided that the Issuer shall at all times maintain (i) a Fiscal Agent, (ii) a Registrar 
in relation to Registered Notes, (iii) a Transfer Agent in relation to Registered Notes, (iv) one or more 
Calculation Agent(s) where the Conditions so require, (v) Paying Agents having specified offices in 
at least one major continental European city (which shall be Luxembourg so long as the Notes are 
admitted to trading on the Euro MTF and, if the Notes are listed on another stock exchange, in the 
city where such stock exchange is located), and (vi) such other agents as may be required by the 
rules of any stock exchange on which the Notes may be listed. 
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent in New York City in respect of any 
Bearer Notes denominated in U.S. dollars in the circumstances described in paragraph (c) above. 
Notice of any such change in the identity of the Fiscal Agent, other Paying Agent, Registrar, Transfer 
Agents or Calculation Agent or any change of any specified office of any such persons shall promptly 
be given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 22. 
(g) 
Unmatured Coupons and Receipts and unexchanged Talons 
(i) 
Upon the due date for redemption of Bearer Notes which comprise Fixed Rate Notes (other 
than Dual Currency Notes, Reference Item Linked Notes or Notes with customized interest 
rate provisions and as specified in the applicable Issue Terms), the Bearer Note should be 
surrendered for payment together with all unmatured Coupons (if any) appertaining thereto,

--- Page 206 ---
203 
 
failing which an amount equal to the face value of each missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the 
case of payment not being made in full, that proportion of the amount of such missing 
unmatured Coupon that the sum of principal so paid bears to the total principal due) shall be 
deducted from the Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount or Optional 
Redemption Amount, due for payment. Any amount so deducted shall be paid in the manner 
mentioned above against surrender of such missing Coupon within a period of two years (in 
the case where the relevant Notes are governed by Ontario Law (as defined in Condition 25) 
or five years (in the case where the relevant Notes are governed by English law) from the 
Relevant Date for the payment of such principal (whether or not such Coupon has become 
void pursuant to Condition 17).  
(ii) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Bearer Note comprising a Floating Rate Note, Dual 
Currency Note, Range Accrual Note, Reference Item Linked Note or a Note with customized 
interest rate provisions and as specified in the applicable Issue Terms, unmatured Coupons 
relating to such Note (whether or not attached) shall become void and no payment shall be 
made in respect of them. 
(iii) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Bearer Note that is redeemable in instalments, all 
Receipts relating to such Note having an Instalment Date falling on or after such due date 
(whether or not attached) shall become void and no payment shall be made in respect of them. 
(iv) 
Where any Bearer Note that provides that the related unmatured Coupons are to become void 
upon the due date for redemption of those Notes is presented for redemption without all 
unmatured Coupons and any unexchanged Talon relating to it, and where any Bearer Note is 
presented for redemption without any unexchanged Talon relating to it, redemption shall be 
made only against the provision of such indemnity as the Issuer may require. 
(v) 
If the due date for redemption of any Note is not a due date for payment of interest, interest 
accrued from the preceding due date for payment of interest or the Interest Commencement 
Date, as the case may be, shall only be payable against presentation (and surrender if 
appropriate) of the relevant Bearer Note or Certificate representing it, as the case may be 
(together with, if applicable, unmatured Coupons pursuant to Condition 15(h)(i)). Interest 
accrued on a Note that only bears interest after its Maturity Date shall be payable on 
redemption of such Note against presentation of the relevant Note or Certificate representing 
it, as the case may be. 
(vi) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Bearer Note, any unexchanged Talon relating to such 
Note (whether or not attached) shall become void and no Coupon shall be delivered in respect 
of such Talon. 
(h) 
Talons 
On or after the Interest Payment Date for the final Coupon forming part of a Coupon sheet issued in 
respect of any Bearer Note, the Talon forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the 
specified office of the Fiscal Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet (and if necessary another 
Talon for a further Coupon sheet) (but excluding any Coupons that may have become void pursuant 
to Condition 17). 
(i) 
Non-Business Days 
Unless otherwise provided in the applicable Issue Terms, if any date for payment in respect of any 
Note, Receipt or Coupon is not a business day, the Holder shall not be entitled to payment until the 
next following business day nor to any interest or other sum in respect of such postponed payment. 
In this paragraph, “business day” means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general business 
(including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the relevant place of 
presentation, in such jurisdictions as shall be specified as “Financial Centres” in the applicable Issue 
Terms and:

--- Page 207 ---
204 
 
(i) 
in the case of a payment in a Specified Currency other than euro, where payment is to be 
made by transfer to an account maintained with a bank in the Specified Currency, on which 
foreign exchange transactions may be carried on in the Specified Currency in the principal 
financial centre of the country of such currency (which, if the Specified Currency is Australian 
dollars or New Zealand dollars, shall be Sydney or Auckland, respectively), or 
(ii) 
in the case of a payment in euro, which is a TARGET Business Day. 
(j) 
Interpretation of Principal and Interest 
Any reference in these Conditions to “principal” in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, 
as applicable: 
(i) 
any premium and any other amounts (other than interest) which may be payable by the Issuer 
under or in respect of the Notes; 
(ii) 
any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to principal under Condition 16(a); 
(iii) 
all Instalment Amounts (in relation to Notes redeemable in instalments), Final Redemption 
Amounts, Early Redemption Amounts, Optional Redemption Amounts, Autocall Cash 
Settlement Amounts, Amortized Face Amounts (in relation to Zero Coupon Notes) and all other 
amounts in the nature of principal payable pursuant to Condition 5 or any amendment or 
supplement to it; 
(iv) 
in relation to Equity Linked Notes, the Failure to Deliver Settlement Price (if any); and 
(v) 
in relation to Equity Linked Notes, the Disruption Cash Settlement Price (if any). 
Any reference in these Conditions to “interest” in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, 
as applicable, all Interest Amounts and all other amounts payable pursuant to Condition 4 or any 
amendment or supplement to it and any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to 
interest under Condition 16(a). 
(k) 
Set-off 
Any payments under or pursuant to the Definitive N Registered Notes shall be made by the Issuer 
free of set-off and withholding if and to the extent so specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
16. 
Taxation 
(a) 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes, the Receipts and the Coupons 
by or on behalf of the Issuer shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or 
deduction for, any taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature 
imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or within Canada or in addition, if the 
Issuer’s Branch of Account is located outside Canada, the country in which such Branch of 
Account is located or any political subdivision or authority therein or thereof having power to 
tax, unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. In that event, the Issuer shall pay 
such additional amounts as shall result in receipt by the Noteholders and the Couponholders 
of such amounts as would have been received by them had no such withholding or deduction 
been required, except that no such additional amounts shall be payable with respect to any 
Note, Receipt or Coupon: 
(i) 
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a Holder who is liable for such taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges in respect of such Note, Receipt or Coupon by 
reason of his having some connection with Canada or, if the Issuer’s Branch of 
Account is located outside Canada, the country in which such Branch of Account is 
located, other than the mere holding of the Note, Receipt or Coupon; or

--- Page 208 ---
205 
 
(ii) 
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a Holder who could lawfully avoid (but has not so 
avoided) such deduction or withholding by complying or procuring that any third party 
complies with any statutory requirements or by making or procuring that any third party 
makes a declaration of non-residence or other similar claim for exemption to any tax 
authority or paying agent in the place where the relevant Note (or the Certificate 
representing it), Receipt or Coupon is presented for payment; or 
(iii) 
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a Holder in respect of whom such tax, duty, 
assessment or governmental charge is required to be withheld or deducted by reason 
of the Holder being a person with whom CIBC is not dealing at arm’s length (within 
the meaning of the Income Tax Act (Canada)) or being a person who is a “specified 
entity” (as defined in proposed subsection 18.4(1) of the Income Tax Act (Canada) 
contained in proposals to amend such Act released on April 29, 2022) in respect of 
CIBC; or 
(iv) 
presented (or in respect of which the Certificate representing it is presented) for 
payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date except to the extent that the 
Holder of it would have been entitled to such additional amounts on presenting it for 
payment on the 30th such day, assuming that day to have been a Payment Date; or 
(v) 
in respect of a debt or other obligation to pay an amount to a person with whom the 
applicable payor is not dealing at arm’s length within the meaning of the Income Tax 
Act (Canada); or 
(vi) 
where such withholding or deduction is imposed with respect to any Reference Item 
Linked Notes on or with respect to the “dividend equivalent” payment pursuant to 
section 871 or 881 of the United States Internal Revenue Code; or 
(vii) 
where such withholding or deduction is required pursuant to an agreement described 
in Section 1471(b) of the United States Internal Revenue Code or otherwise imposed 
pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the United States Internal Revenue Code, 
any regulations or agreements thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, or any 
law implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto. 
(b) 
For the purposes of this Condition 16, the term “Holder” shall be deemed to refer to the 
beneficial holder(s) for the time being of the Notes, Receipts and Coupons.  As used in these 
Conditions, “Relevant Date” in respect of any Note, Receipt or Coupon means the date on 
which payment in respect of it first becomes due or (if any amount of the money payable is 
improperly withheld or refused) the date on which payment in full of the amount outstanding is 
made or (if earlier) the date seven days after that on which notice is duly given to the 
Noteholders that, upon further presentation of the Note (or relative Certificate), Receipt or 
Coupon being made in accordance with the Conditions, such payment will be made, provided 
that payment is in fact made upon such presentation.  
(c) 
If the Issuer becomes subject generally at any time to any taxing jurisdiction other than or in 
addition to Canada or the country in which the relevant Branch of Account is located, 
references in these Conditions to Canada or the country in which the relevant Branch of 
Account is located shall be read and construed as references to Canada or the country in 
which such branch is located and/or to such other jurisdiction(s). 
17. 
Prescription 
Claims against the Issuer for payment in respect of the Notes, Receipts and Coupons shall be 
prescribed and become void unless made within (a) two years (in the case where the relevant Notes 
are governed by the laws of the Province of Ontario and the federal laws of Canada applicable therein 
(“Ontario Law”), (b) ten years (in the case of claims in respect of principal where the relevant Notes 
are governed by English or German law) or (c) five years (in the case of claims in respect of interest 
where the relevant Notes are governed by English or German law) from the appropriate Relevant Date 
in respect of them.

--- Page 209 ---
206 
 
18. 
Events of Default 
If any of the following events (“Events of Default”) occurs and is continuing, the Holder of any Note 
may give written notice to the Fiscal Agent at its specified office that such Note is immediately 
repayable, whereupon the Early Redemption Amount of such Note together with accrued interest, if 
any, to the date of payment shall become immediately due and payable upon receipt of such notice by 
the Fiscal Agent: 
(a) 
default is made for more than 30 Business Days in the payment on the due date of interest or 
principal or in the delivery when due of the Asset Amount in respect of any such Notes 
(whether at maturity or upon redemption or otherwise); or 
(b) 
if the Issuer shall become insolvent or bankrupt or subject to the provisions of the Winding-up 
and Restructuring Act (Canada) (as amended or replaced from time to time), or if the Issuer 
goes into liquidation, either voluntarily or under an order of a court of competent jurisdiction or 
otherwise acknowledges its insolvency. 
Upon the occurrence of any Event of Default, a Holder of any Note will not be required to present such 
Note, demand payment or serve legal process or any similar procedure at the Branch of Account of 
the Issuer which issued such Note.  
Holders may only exercise, or direct the exercise of, their rights under this Condition 18 in respect of 
Bail-inable Notes where an order has not been made pursuant to subsection 39.13(1) of the CDIC Act 
in respect of the Issuer.  Notwithstanding the exercise of any rights by Holders under this Condition 18  
in respect of Bail-inable Notes, the Bail-inable Notes will remain subject to a Bail-in Conversion until 
paid in full.  A Bail-in Conversion will not be an Event of Default.  
19. 
Meetings of Noteholders and Modifications 
(a) 
Meetings of Noteholders 
The Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings of Noteholders of a Series at a 
physical location or by means of an electronic platform such as videoconference or conference call 
or a combination of such methods to consider any matter affecting their interests, including the 
sanctioning by Extraordinary Resolution (as defined in the Agency Agreement) of a modification of 
any of these Conditions. Such a meeting may be convened by one or more Noteholders holding not 
less than 10 per cent. in Nominal Amount of the Notes of the relevant Series for the time being 
outstanding. The quorum for any meeting convened to consider an Extraordinary Resolution shall be 
two or more persons holding or representing a clear majority in Nominal Amount of the Notes for the 
time being outstanding, or at any adjourned meeting one or more persons being or representing 
Noteholders whatever the Nominal Amount of the Notes held or represented, unless the business of 
such meeting includes consideration of proposals, inter alia, (i) to amend the dates of maturity or 
redemption of the Notes, any Instalment Date or any date for payment of interest or Interest Amounts 
on the Notes, (ii) to reduce or cancel the Nominal Amount of, or any Instalment Amount of, or any 
premium payable on redemption of, the Notes, (iii) to reduce the rate or rates of interest in respect of 
the Notes or to vary the method or basis of calculating the rate or rates or amount of interest or the 
basis for calculating any Interest Amount in respect of the Notes, (iv) if a Minimum and/or a Maximum 
Rate of Interest, Instalment Amount, Early Redemption Amount or Redemption Amount is specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms, to reduce or cancel any such Minimum and/or Maximum, (v) to vary 
any method of, or basis for, calculating the Final Redemption Amounts, Early Redemption Amounts, 
Optional Redemption Amounts or Autocall Cash Settlement Amounts, including the method of 
calculating the Amortized Face Amount, (vi) to vary the currency or currencies of payment or 
denomination of the Notes, or (vii) to modify the provisions concerning the quorum required at any 
meeting of Noteholders or the majority required to pass the Extraordinary Resolution, in which case 
the necessary quorum shall be two or more persons holding or representing not less than 75 per 
cent., or at any adjourned meeting not less than 25 per cent., in Nominal Amount of the Notes for the 
time being outstanding. The Agency Agreement provides that a written resolution signed by or on 
behalf of the holders of not less than 75 per cent. in Nominal Amount of Notes outstanding (a “Written 
Resolution”) shall be as valid and effective as a duly passed Extraordinary Resolution. Any

--- Page 210 ---
207 
 
Extraordinary Resolution duly passed shall be binding on Noteholders (whether or not they were 
present at the meeting at which such resolution was passed) and on all Couponholders. 
The consent or approval of the Noteholders shall not be required in the case of amendments to the 
Conditions pursuant to Condition 4(n) to vary the method or basis of calculating the rate or rates or 
amount of interest or the basis for calculating any Interest Amount in respect of the Notes or for any 
other variation of these Conditions and/or the Agency Agreement required to be made in the 
circumstances described in Condition 4(n), where the Issuer has delivered to the Fiscal Agent a 
certificate pursuant to Condition 4(n)(A)(v). 
Notwithstanding any other provision of the Agency Agreement, an amendment, modification or 
variance that may affect the eligibility of the Bail-inable Notes to continue to be treated as TLAC 
under the TLAC Guideline shall be of no effect unless the prior approval of the Superintendent has 
been obtained. 
(b) 
Modification of Agency Agreement, Notes, Receipts and Coupons 
The Agency Agreement, the Notes and any Receipts and Coupons attached to the Notes may be 
amended by the Issuer and the Fiscal Agent without the consent of the holder of any Note, Receipt 
or Coupon (i) for the purpose of curing any ambiguity or manifest error, or for curing, correcting or 
supplementing any defective provision contained therein, or to provide for substitution of the Issuer 
as provided in Condition 19(c), (ii) to make any further modifications of the terms of the Agency 
Agreement necessary or desirable to allow for the issuance of any additional Notes (which 
modifications shall not be materially adverse to holders of  outstanding Notes) or (iii) in any manner 
which the Issuer and the Fiscal Agent may deem necessary or desirable and which shall not 
materially adversely affect the interests of the holders of the Notes, Receipts and Coupons.  The 
Issuer shall only permit any modification of, or any waiver or authorization of any breach or proposed 
breach of or any failure to comply with, the Agency Agreement, the Notes and any Receipts and 
Coupons attached to the Notes, if to do so could not reasonably be expected to be prejudicial to the 
interests of the Noteholders. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of the Agency Agreement, an amendment, modification or 
variance that may affect the eligibility of Bail-inable Notes to continue to be treated as TLAC under 
the OSFI Guideline for Total Loss Absorbing Capacity (TLAC) shall be of no effect unless the prior 
approval of the Superintendent has been obtained. 
(c) 
Substitution 
The Issuer, or any previous substituted company, may at any time, without the consent of the 
Noteholders or the Couponholders, substitute for itself as principal debtor under the Notes, the 
Receipts, the Coupons and the Talons any company (the “Substitute”) that is a Subsidiary of the 
Issuer, provided that no payment in respect of the Notes, the Receipts or the Coupons is at the 
relevant time overdue and provided that in respect of Bail-inable Notes where substitution for the 
Issuer would lead to a breach of the Issuer’s TLAC requirements, the Issuer may only make a 
substitution with the prior approval of the Superintendent. The substitution shall be made by a deed 
poll (the “Deed Poll”), to be substantially in the form scheduled to the Agency Agreement as 
Schedule 8, and may take place only if (i) the Substitute shall, by means of the Deed Poll, agree to 
indemnify each Noteholder, Couponholder and Receiptholder against any tax, duty, assessment or 
governmental charge that is imposed on it by (or by any authority in or of) the jurisdiction of the 
country of the Substitute’s residence for tax purposes and, if different, of its incorporation with respect 
to any Note, Receipt, Coupon, Talon or the Deed of Covenant and that would not have been so 
imposed had the substitution not been made, as well as against any tax, duty, assessment or 
governmental charge, and any cost or expense, relating to the substitution, (ii) the obligations of the 
Substitute under the Deed Poll, the Notes, Receipts, Coupons, Talons and Deed of Covenant shall 
be unconditionally guaranteed by CIBC, (iii) all action, conditions and things required to be taken, 
fulfilled and done (including the obtaining of any necessary consents) to ensure that the Deed Poll, 
the Notes, Receipts, Coupons, Talons and Deed of Covenant represent valid, legally binding and 
enforceable obligations of the Substitute and that all action, conditions and things required to be later 
fulfilled are done (including the obtaining of any necessary consents) to ensure that the Deed Poll, 
the Notes, Receipts, Coupons, Talons, Deed of Covenant and any guarantee provided by CIBC

--- Page 211 ---
208 
 
represents its valid, legally binding and enforceable obligations have been taken, fulfilled and done 
and are in full force and effect, (iv) the Substitute shall have become party to the Agency Agreement 
in its capacity as Issuer, with any appropriate consequential amendments, (v) legal opinions 
addressed to the Noteholders shall have been delivered to them (care of the Fiscal Agent) from a 
lawyer or firm of lawyers with a leading securities practice in each jurisdiction referred to in (i) above 
and in England as to the fulfillment of the preceding conditions of this paragraph (c) and the other 
matters specified in the Deed Poll and (vi) the Issuer shall have given at least 14 days’ prior notice 
of such substitution to the Noteholders, stating that copies, or pending execution the agreed text, of 
all documents in relation to the substitution that are referred to above, or that might otherwise 
reasonably be regarded as material to Noteholders, shall be available for inspection at the specified 
office of each of the Paying Agents. References in Condition 18 to obligations under the Notes shall 
be deemed to include obligations under the Deed Poll, and the events listed in Condition 18 shall be 
deemed to include any guarantee provided in connection with such substitution not being (or being 
claimed not to be) in full force and effect. For the purpose of this Condition 19(c) “Subsidiary” has 
the meaning provided in the Bank Act. 
(d) 
Branch of Account 
CIBC may change the branch designated as the Branch of Account for the deposits evidenced by 
the Notes for purposes of the Bank Act, upon not less than 14 days’ prior notice to the Noteholders 
subject to the following terms and conditions: 
(i) 
if this Note is denominated in Yen, the Branch of Account shall not be in Japan; 
(ii) 
CIBC shall indemnify each Noteholder, Couponholder and Receiptholder against any tax, 
duty, assessment or governmental charge that is imposed on it as a consequence of such 
change, and shall pay the reasonable costs and expenses of the Fiscal Agent in connection 
with such change; and 
(iii) 
notwithstanding (ii) above, no change of the Branch of Account may be made unless 
immediately after giving effect to such change (a) no Event of Default, and no event which, 
after the giving of notice or lapse of time or both, would become an Event of Default shall have 
occurred and be continuing and (b) payments of principal and interest on Notes of this Series 
and Coupons and Receipts relating thereto to Holders thereof (other than Excluded Holders, 
as hereinafter defined) shall not, in the opinion of counsel to CIBC, be subject to any taxes, as 
hereinafter defined, to which they would not have been subject had such change not taken 
place. For the purposes of this section, an “Excluded Holder” means a Holder of a Note of 
this Series or Coupon or Receipt relating thereto who is subject to taxes by reason of his 
having some connection with the Relevant Jurisdiction other than the mere holding of a Note 
of this Series or Coupon or Receipt as a non-resident of such Relevant Jurisdiction. “Relevant 
Jurisdiction” means Canada, its provinces or territories and the jurisdiction in which the new 
Branch of Account is located, and “taxes” means and includes any tax, duty, assessment or 
other governmental charge imposed or levied in respect of the payment of the principal of the 
Notes of this Series or interest thereon for or on behalf of a Relevant Jurisdiction or any 
authority therein or thereof having power to tax. 
20. 
Replacement of Notes, Certificates, Receipts, Coupons and Talons 
If a Note, Certificate, Receipt, Coupon or Talon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may 
be replaced, subject to applicable laws, regulations and stock exchange regulations, at the specified 
office of the Fiscal Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes, Receipts, Coupons or Talons) and of the 
Registrar (in the case of Certificates) or such other Paying Agent or Transfer Agent, as the case may 
be, as may from time to time be designated by the Issuer for the purpose and notice of whose 
designation is given to Noteholders, in each case on payment by the claimant of the fees and costs 
incurred in connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence, security and indemnity (which may 
provide, inter alia, that if the allegedly lost, stolen or destroyed Note, Certificate, Receipt, Coupon or 
Talon is subsequently presented for payment or, as the case may be, for exchange for further 
Coupons, there shall be paid to the Issuer on demand the amount payable by the Issuer in respect of 
such Notes, Certificates, Receipts, Coupons or further Coupons) and otherwise as the Issuer may

--- Page 212 ---
209 
 
require. Mutilated or defaced Notes, Certificates, Receipts, Coupons or Talons must be surrendered 
before replacements will be issued. 
21. 
Further Issues 
The Issuer may from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders create and 
issue further notes having the same terms and conditions as the Notes or the same in all respects 
save for the Issue Date and amount and date of the first payment of interest thereon and so that the 
same shall be consolidated and form a single series with such Notes, and references in these 
Conditions to “Notes” shall be construed accordingly.   
22. 
Notices 
Notices to the Holders of Registered Notes shall be mailed to them at their respective addresses in 
the Register and deemed to have been given on the seventh weekday (being a day other than a 
Saturday or a Sunday) after the date of mailing and, if and for so long as the Notes are listed on the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange, such notices shall also be published in a daily newspaper of general 
circulation in Luxembourg (which is expected to be the Luxembourger Wort) or on the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange’s website at www.bourse.lu.  
Notices to the Holders of Bearer Notes shall be valid if published in a daily newspaper of general 
circulation in Luxembourg (which is expected to be the Luxembourger Wort) or on the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange’s website at www.bourse.lu. The Issuer shall also ensure that notices are duly 
published in the manner which complies with the rules and regulations of any other stock exchange 
on which the Notes are, for the time being, listed or other applicable authority to which it is subject. 
Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the date of such publication or, if published 
more than once or on different dates, on the date of the first publication as provided above. 
Couponholders shall be deemed for all purposes to have notice of the contents of any notice given to 
the Holders of Bearer Notes in accordance with this Condition. 
23. 
Currency Indemnity 
Save as provided in Condition 9 and Condition 15, any amount received or recovered in a currency 
other than the currency in which payment under the relevant Note, Coupon or Receipt is due (whether 
as a result of, or of the enforcement of, a judgment or order of a court of any jurisdiction, in the winding-
up or dissolution of the Issuer or otherwise) by any Noteholder or Couponholder in respect of any sum 
expressed to be due to it from the Issuer shall only constitute a discharge to the Issuer to the extent of 
the amount in the currency of payment under the relevant Note, Coupon or Receipt that the recipient 
is able to purchase with the amount so received or recovered in that other currency on the date of that 
receipt or recovery (or, if it is not practicable to make that purchase on that date, on the first date on 
which it is practicable to do so). If the amount received or recovered is less than the amount expressed 
to be due to the recipient under any Note, Coupon or Receipt, the Issuer shall indemnify it against any 
loss sustained by it as a result. In any event, the Issuer shall indemnify the recipient against the cost 
of making any such purchase. For the purposes of this Condition, it shall be sufficient for the Noteholder 
or Couponholder, as the case may be, to demonstrate that it would have suffered a loss had an actual 
purchase been made. These indemnities constitute a separate and independent obligation from the 
Issuer’s other obligations, shall give rise to a separate and independent cause of action, shall apply 
irrespective of any indulgence granted by any Noteholder or Couponholder and shall continue in full 
force and effect despite any other judgment, order, claim or proof for a liquidated amount in respect of 
any sum due under any Note, Coupon or Receipt or any other judgment or order. 
24. 
Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of any Notes which are governed by 
English law under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999.

--- Page 213 ---
210 
 
25. 
Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
(a) 
Other than in relation to Definitive N Registered Notes, unless otherwise specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, the Notes, the Receipts, the Coupons and the Talons are governed 
by, and shall be construed in accordance with, Ontario Law.  
(b) 
Definitive N Registered Notes will be governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with 
German law, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms except that the provisions of Condition 
3(b) are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, Ontario Law. 
(c) 
If specified in the applicable Issue Terms, Notes issued on a non-syndicated basis and the 
Receipts, Coupons, Talons and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection 
with them, shall be governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, English law except 
that the provisions of Condition 3(b) are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance 
with, Ontario Law.  
(d) 
If the governing law for Notes issued on a non-syndicated basis and the Receipts, Coupons 
and Talons relating thereto, is specified in the applicable Issue Terms as being English law (i) 
the Courts of England are to have jurisdiction to settle any disputes that may arise out of or in 
connection with such Notes, Receipts, Coupons or Talons and accordingly any legal action or 
proceedings arising out of or in connection with such Notes, Receipts, Coupons or Talons 
(“Proceedings”) may be brought in such courts and (ii) the Issuer irrevocably submits to the 
jurisdiction of the courts of England and waives any objection to Proceedings in such courts 
on the ground of venue or on the ground that the Proceedings have been brought in an 
inconvenient forum. This submission is made for the benefit of each of the Holders of the 
Notes, Receipts, Coupons and Talons governed by English law and shall not affect the right 
of any of them to take Proceedings in any other court of competent jurisdiction nor shall the 
taking of Proceedings in one or more jurisdictions preclude the taking of Proceedings in any 
other jurisdiction (whether concurrently or not). The Issuer irrevocably appoints Canadian 
Imperial Bank of Commerce, London Branch of 150 Cheapside, London EC2V 6ET, United 
Kingdom as its agent in England to receive, for it and on its behalf, service of process in any 
such Proceedings in England. Such service shall be deemed completed on delivery to such 
process agent (whether or not it is forwarded to and received by the Issuer). If for any reason 
such process agent ceases to be able to act as such or no longer has an address in London, 
the Issuer irrevocably agrees to appoint a substitute process agent and shall immediately 
notify Noteholders of such appointment in accordance with Condition 22. Nothing shall affect 
the right to serve process in any manner permitted by law. 
26. 
Waiver of set-off and netting rights 
No holder or beneficial owner of Bail-inable Notes may exercise, or direct the exercise of, claim or 
plead any right of set-off, netting, compensation or retention in respect of any amount owed to it by the 
Issuer arising under, or in connection with, the Bail-inable Notes, and each holder or beneficial owner 
of Bail-inable Notes shall, by virtue of its acquisition of an interest any Bail-inable Note, be deemed to 
have irrevocably and unconditionally waived all such rights of set-off, netting, compensation or 
retention. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any amounts due and payable to any holder or beneficial 
owner of the Bail-inable Notes by the Issuer in respect of, or arising under, the Bail-inable Notes are 
purportedly discharged by set-off, netting, compensation or retention, without limitation to any other 
rights and remedies of the Issuer under applicable law, such holder or beneficial owner shall pay to 
the Issuer an amount equal to the amount of such discharge and, until such time as payment is made, 
shall hold an amount equal to such amount in trust for the Issuer and, accordingly, any such discharge 
shall be deemed not to have taken place. 
27. 
Terms and Conditions of Definitive N Registered Notes 
This Condition 27 applies to Exempt Notes only. 
(a) 
Generally. If in the applicable Pricing Supplement it is specified that Definitive N Registered 
Notes are issued, then the following terms and conditions shall apply in addition to the terms 
and conditions set out in Conditions 1 until and including Condition 26 above. In the event of

--- Page 214 ---
211 
 
any inconsistency between Conditions 1 until and including Condition 26 and this Condition 
27, this Condition 27 will prevail with regard to Definitive N Registered Notes. 
(b) 
Interpretation. For the purposes of this Condition 27, “Holder” means the registered holder of 
a Definitive N Registered Note. Any reference herein to Holder in plural form shall constitute 
a reference to Holder in singular form. Any reference herein to Definitive N Registered Notes 
includes, unless the context otherwise requires, any new Definitive N Registered Note that has 
been issued upon transfer of a Definitive N Registered Note. With respect to Definitive N 
Registered Notes, any applicable reference herein to Notes, Definitive Note, or Definitive N 
Registered Notes in plural form shall constitute a reference to Note, Definitive Note or 
Definitive N Registered Note in singular form. All grammatical and other changes required by 
the use of the singular form shall be deemed to have been made herein and the provisions 
hereof shall be applied so as to give effect to such change. 
(c) 
Currency and Principal Amount: Definitive N Registered Notes may be issued by the Issuer in 
a specified currency and in a principal amount as specified in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement. 
(d) 
Form. Each Definitive N Registered Note will be issued in registered form and signed manually 
by one authorized signatory of the Issuer and authenticated manually by or on behalf of the 
Registrar.  
(e) 
Payment: Payment of principal and interest in respect of a Definitive N Registered Note shall 
be made on the respective due date thereof to the person shown on the Register as Holder of 
such Definitive N Registered Note at the close of business on the fifteenth (15th) calendar day 
before such date (the “N Note Record Date”).  Payments of principal and interest on each 
Definitive N Registered Note shall be made in the Specified Currency in which such payments 
are due by transfer to an account in the Specified Currency maintained by the payee with a 
bank in the principal financial centre of the country of that currency.  The Holder shall surrender 
the Definitive N Registered Certificate to the Issuer upon payment of principal and interest in 
full.   
(f) 
Transfer: 
(i) 
Any transfer of the Holder claims evidenced by a Definitive N Registered Certificate 
and title to a Definitive N Registered Note shall be in the form of an assignment 
(Abtretung) in written form and registration in the Register. Except as ordered by a 
court of competent jurisdiction or as required by law, the Issuer, any applicable Agents 
and the Registrar shall deem and treat the registered Holder of a Definitive N 
Registered Note as the absolute Holder thereof and of the rights evidenced thereby 
for all purposes. 
(ii) 
The rights of the Holder evidenced by a Definitive N Registered Certificate and title to 
a Definitive N Registered Note itself may be transferred in whole or in part upon the 
surrender of a Definitive N Registered Certificate, together with the form of assignment 
and notification endorsed on it duly completed and executed, at the specified office of 
the Registrar. In the case of a transfer of a Definitive N Registered Note in whole and 
upon surrender of the relevant Definitive N Registered Certificate, a new Definitive N 
Registered Certificate will be issued to the transferee upon request of the transferee.  
In the case of a transfer of part only of a Definitive N Registered Note and upon 
surrender of the relevant Definitive N Registered Certificate, a new Definitive N 
Registered Certificate in respect of the amount transferred will be issued to the 
transferee and a new Definitive N Registered Certificate in respect of the remaining 
amount will be issued to the transferor.  Any transfer of part only of a Definitive N 
Registered Note is permitted only for a minimum nominal amount or an integral 
multiple thereof if so specified in the relevant Pricing Supplement. 
(iii) 
Each new Definitive N Registered Certificate to be issued upon transfer of a Definitive 
N Registered Note will, within seven business days (being a day other than a Saturday 
or Sunday, on which banks are open for business in the place of the specified office

--- Page 215 ---
212 
 
of the Registrar) of delivery of such Definitive N Registered Certificate and the duly 
completed and executed form of assignment and notification, be available for 
collection at the specified office of the Registrar or, at the request of the Holder making 
such delivery and as specified in the relevant form of assignment, be mailed at the 
risk of the new Holder entitled to the new Definitive N Registered Certificate to such 
address as may be specified in the form of assignment. 
(iv) 
Transfers will be effected without charge by or on behalf of the Issuer or the Registrar, 
but upon payment (or the giving of such indemnity as may be required from the Issuer, 
any applicable Agents or the Registrar) in respect of any tax, duty or other charges 
which may be imposed in relation to it. 
(v) 
The Holder may not require the transfer of a Definitive N Registered Note to be 
registered (i) during the period from and including the 15th Business Day prior to the 
due date for any payment of principal (for the purposes of this subparagraph only, the 
“Due Date”) to, and including, the Due Date, (ii) during the period from and including 
the 15th Business Day prior to any date on which a Definitive N Registered Note may 
be redeemed at the option of the Issuer (for the purposes of this subparagraph only, 
the “Redemption Day”) to, and including, the Redemption Day or (iii) after the 
Definitive N Registered Note has been called for redemption in whole or in part. 
(g) 
Applicable Law. Place of Jurisdiction. Process Agent.  
Unless otherwise specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement: 
(i) 
the Definitive N Registered Notes, as to form and content, and all rights and 
obligations of the Holders and the Issuer, shall be governed by German law; and  
(ii) 
the District Court (Landgericht) in Frankfurt am Main shall have nonexclusive 
jurisdiction for any Proceedings arising out of or in connection with the Definitive N 
Registered Notes.  
For any Proceedings before German courts, the Issuer has appointed Wilmington Trust SP Services 
(Frankfurt) GmbH, as its authorized agent for service of process in Germany. 
(h) 
Modification of Definitive N Registered Note without Holders’ consent: 
(i) 
The Issuer may, without the consent of the Holders, correct any manifest, clerical or 
calculation errors or similar manifest incorrectness in the Conditions (in particular in 
the Pricing Supplement).  A clerical or calculation error or similar incorrectness shall 
be deemed manifest if a Holder who is well-informed in the relevant type of securities 
is able to perceive such error, especially when taking into account the issue price and 
the further factors that determine the value of the Definitive N Registered Notes.  Any 
corrections within the meaning of this paragraph h(i) shall be effective and binding 
upon notification to the Holders in accordance with Condition 22 (Notices). 
(ii) 
In addition, the Issuer may, without the consent of the Holders, amend or supplement 
at its reasonable discretion (billiges Ermessen, § 315 of the German Civil Code 
(“BGB”)) any contradictory or incomplete provisions of the Conditions, provided that 
only amendments and supplements which are reasonably acceptable to the Holder 
having regard to their interests shall be permitted, namely those which do not 
materially prejudice the interests of the Holders or which when read together with the 
other information included in the Prospectus and the relevant Pricing Supplement are 
manifest within the meaning of paragraph (i).  Any corrections within the meaning of 
this paragraph (ii) shall be effective and binding upon notification to the Holders in 
accordance with Condition 22 (Notices). 
(iii) 
In the event of a correction pursuant to paragraph (i) or an amendment or supplement 
pursuant to paragraph (ii), that adversely affects a Holder, such Holder may terminate 
its Definitive N Registered Notes with immediate effect by written termination notice

--- Page 216 ---
213 
 
to the Fiscal Agent at any time during the period of six weeks following notification of 
such correction, amendment or supplement.  In the notice pursuant to paragraph (a) 
or paragraph (b), as applicable, the issuer shall advise the Holder of its potential 
termination right at the Early Redemption Amount.  The termination by the Holder 
requires the following to be effective: 
(a) 
the receipt of a termination notice bearing a legally binding signature and 
(A) 
the transfer of the Definitive N Registered Notes to the account of the 
Fiscal Agent; or 
(B) 
the irrevocable instruction to the Fiscal Agent to withdraw the 
Definitive N Registered Notes from a securities account maintained 
with the Fiscal Agent (by transfer posting or assignment), in each 
case within such six-week period, 
(b) 
the termination notice must contain the following information: 
(A) 
the name of the Holder, as applicable, 
(B) 
the designation and number of the Definitive N Registered Notes 
terminated, and 
(C) 
a specification of the bank account to which the Early Redemption 
Amount shall be credited. 
The termination date for the purposes of this paragraph (iii) shall be the day on 
which the termination notice or the Definitive N Registered Notes is/are received by 
the Fiscal Agent, whichever occurs later. 
(iv) 
In addition, the Issuer may call the Definitive N Registered Notes for redemption in 
whole, but not in part, by giving notice in accordance with Condition 22 (Notices) if the 
conditions for avoidance (Anfechtung) pursuant to § 119 et seq. BGB are fulfilled in 
relation to the Holders.  The termination date for the purposes of this paragraph (iv) 
shall be the day on which the notice is given.  Notice of termination must be given 
immediately after the Issuer has gained knowledge of the reason for termination. 
(v) 
If an effective termination pursuant to paragraphs (iii) or (iv) has been made, the Issuer 
will pay the Early Redemption Amount per Definitive N Registered Note to the Holders.   
The provisions regarding payments shall apply mutatis mutandis to the payment of 
such Early Redemption Amount.  Upon payment of the Early Redemption Amount, all 
rights arising from the surrendered Definitive N Registered Notes shall be 
extinguished.  The foregoing shall not affect any rights of the Holder to claim damages 
(Ersatz eines Vertrauensschadens) pursuant to § 122 para. 1 BGB unless such claims 
are excluded due to knowledge or negligent lack of knowledge of the reason of 
termination on the part of the Holder pursuant to § 122 para. 2 BGB. 
(vi) 
The provisions of the BGB on the interpretation (Auslegung) and avoidance 
(Anfechtung) of declarations of intent shall remain unaffected. 
This condition shall be without prejudice to any avoidance rights which a Holder may have 
under general provisions of law.

--- Page 217 ---
214 
 
(i) 
Modification of Definitive N Registered Note with Holders’ consent 
The applicable Pricing Supplement will specify whether the provisions of Condition 19(a) or other 
provisions regarding Noteholder meetings shall apply. 
28. 
Payout Conditions of Reference Item Linked Notes 
This Condition 28 shall apply to all Reference Item Linked Notes provided that each subparagraph 
hereof shall only apply where specified to be applicable in the applicable Issue Terms. 
(a) 
Interest Amount 
If “Reference Item Linked Interest provisions” is specified as being applicable in the relevant 
Issue Terms, the Interest Amount payable in respect of each Note on each Interest Payment 
Date shall be determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following provisions 
depending on which is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms. 
 Contingent Coupon 
If “Contingent Coupon” is is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, in respect 
of each Interest Payment Date and the Coupon Valuation Date falling immediately prior to 
such Interest Payment Date:  
(A) 
if a Coupon Barrier Event has not occurred in respect of such Coupon Valuation Date, 
as determined by the Calculation Agent, the Interest Amount in respect of each Note 
payable on such Interest Payment Date shall be the Specified Interest Amount; or 
(B) 
if a Coupon Barrier Event has occurred in respect of such Coupon Valuation Date, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent, the Interest Amount in respect of each Note 
payable on such Interest Payment Date shall be zero. 
 Memory Coupon 
If "Memory Coupon" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, in respect of 
each Interest Payment Date and the Coupon Valuation Date falling immediately prior to such 
Interest Payment Date:  
(A) 
if a Coupon Barrier Event has not occurred in respect of such Coupon Valuation Date, 
as determined by the Calculation Agent, the Interest Amount in respect of each Note 
payable on such Interest Payment Date shall be an amount in the Specified Currency 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula:  
(CA × Memory Coupon Value × t) − APCA 
(B) 
if a Coupon Barrier Event has occurred in respect of such Coupon Valuation Date, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent, the Interest Amount in respect of each Note 
payable on such Interest Payment Date shall be zero. 
 Factor Coupon (Single Reference Item)  
If "Factor Coupon (Single Reference Item)" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, 
in respect of each Interest Payment Date and the Coupon Valuation Date falling immediately prior 
to such Interest Payment Date:  
(A) 
if a Coupon Barrier Event has not occurred in respect of such Coupon Valuation Date, 
as determined by the Calculation Agent, the Interest Amount in respect of each Note 
payable on such Interest Payment Date shall be an amount in the Specified Currency 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula:

--- Page 218 ---
215 
 
CA × Coupon Factor Numerator
Coupon Factor Denominator × Coupon Factor 
(B) 
if a Coupon Barrier Event has occurred in respect of such Coupon Valuation Date, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent, the Interest Amount in respect of each Note 
payable on such Interest Payment Date shall be zero. 
 
Factor Coupon (Basket of Reference Items)  
If "Factor Coupon (Basket of Reference Items)" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms, in respect of each Interest Payment Date and the Coupon Valuation Date falling immediately 
prior to such Interest Payment Date:  
(A) 
if a Coupon Barrier Event has not occurred in respect of such Coupon Valuation Date, 
as determined by the Calculation Agent, the Interest Amount in respect of each Note 
payable on such Interest Payment Date shall be an amount in the Specified Currency 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula:  
CA × Coupon Factor Performance × Coupon Factor 
(B) 
if a Coupon Barrier Event has occurred in respect of such Coupon Valuation Date, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent, the Interest Amount in respect of each Note 
payable on such Interest Payment Date shall be zero. 
 Lock-in Coupon  
If "Lock-in Coupon" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, in respect of each 
Interest Payment Date and the Coupon Valuation Date falling immediately prior to such Interest 
Payment Date:  
(A) 
if a Coupon Lock-in Event has occurred in respect of such Coupon Valuation Date 
and/or any Coupon Valuation Date falling prior to such Coupon Valuation Date, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent, the Interest Amount in respect of each Note 
payable on such Interest Payment Date shall be the Coupon Lock-in Interest Amount; 
or  
(B) 
if a Coupon Lock-in Event has not occurred in respect of such Coupon Valuation Date 
and/or any Coupon Valuation Date falling prior to such Coupon Valuation Date, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent, and:  
I. 
if a Coupon Barrier Event has not occurred in respect of such Coupon 
Valuation Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent, the Interest Amount 
in respect of each Note payable on such Interest Payment Date shall be the 
Specified Interest Amount; or  
II. 
if a Coupon Barrier Event has occurred in respect of such Coupon Valuation 
Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent, the Interest Amount in respect 
of each Note payable on such Interest Payment Date shall be zero.  
 Performance Coupon 1  
If "Performance Coupon 1" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, in respect of 
each Interest Payment Date and the Coupon Valuation Date falling immediately prior to such 
Interest Payment Date, the Interest Amount in respect of each Note payable on such Interest 
Payment Date shall be an amount in the Specified Currency calculated by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula:  
𝑃𝐶𝐴 × 𝑀𝑎𝑥  {𝐶𝐹; [(𝐶𝑜𝑢𝑝𝑜𝑛 𝑃𝑎𝑟𝑡𝑖𝑐𝑖𝑝𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛
𝑡
) × (AP(CVD) −Coupon Strike)]}

--- Page 219 ---
216 
 
(vii) Performance Coupon 2  
If "Performance Coupon 2" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, in respect of 
each Interest Payment Date and the Coupon Valuation Date falling immediately prior to such 
Interest Payment Date, the Interest Amount in respect of each Note payable on such Interest 
Payment Date shall be an amount in the Specified Currency determined by the Calculation Agent 
in accordance with the following formula:  
𝑀𝑎𝑥 {𝐶𝐹; [𝑃𝐶𝐴 × (𝐶𝑜𝑢𝑝𝑜𝑛 𝑃𝑎𝑟𝑡𝑖𝑐𝑖𝑝𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛
𝑡
) × (AP(CVD) −Coupon Strike)]} 
(viii) Range Accrual Coupon (Single Reference Item)  
If "Range Accrual Coupon (Single Reference Item)" is specified to be applicable in the relevant 
Issue Terms, in respect of each Interest Payment Date, the Interest Amount in respect of each Note 
payable on such Interest Payment Date shall be an amount in the Specified Currency determined 
by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula:  
CA ×  Range Accrual Coupon Factor ×
𝑁
𝑀 
(ix) Range Accrual Coupon (Worst of)  
If "Range Accrual Coupon (Worst of)" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, in 
respect of each Interest Payment Date, the Interest Amount in respect of each Note payable on 
such Interest Payment Date shall be an amount in the Specified Currency determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula:  
CA ×  Range Accrual Coupon Factor × 
N (Worst of)
M (Worst of) 
(x) Range Accrual Coupon (Basket of Reference Items)  
If "Range Accrual Coupon (Basket of Reference Items)" is specified to be applicable in the relevant 
Issue Terms, in respect of each Interest Payment Date, the Interest Amount in respect of each Note 
payable on such Interest Payment Date shall be an amount in the Specified Currency determined 
by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula:  
CA ×  Range Accrual Coupon Factor × 
N (Basket)
M (Basket) 
(xi) Enhanced Coupon  
If "Enhanced Coupon" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, in respect of each 
Interest Payment Date and the Coupon Valuation Date falling immediately prior to such Interest 
Payment Date:  
(A) 
if an Enhanced Coupon Event 2 has occurred in respect of such Coupon Valuation 
Date and an Enhanced Coupon Event 1 has not occurred in respect of such Coupon 
Valuation Date, each as determined by the Calculation Agent, the Interest Amount in 
respect of each Note payable on such Interest Payment Date shall be an amount 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula:  
CA × Enhanced Coupon Rate × Leverage 
(B) 
if neither an Enhanced Coupon Event 1 nor an Enhanced Coupon Event 2 has 
occurred in respect of such Coupon Valuation Date, each as determined by the 
Calculation Agent, the Interest Amount in respect of each Note payable on such

--- Page 220 ---
217 
 
Interest Payment Date shall be an amount determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula;  
CA × Enhanced Coupon Rate 
(C) 
if an Enhanced Coupon Event 1 has occurred in respect of such Coupon Valuation 
Date (and regardless of whether an Enhanced Coupon Event 2 has or has not 
occurred), as determined by the Calculation Agent, the Interest Amount in respect of 
each Note payable on such Interest Payment Date shall be zero.  
(xii) Memory Enhanced Coupon  
If "Memory Enhanced Coupon" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, in respect 
of each Interest Payment Date and the Coupon Valuation Date falling immediately prior to such 
Interest Payment Date:  
(A) 
if an Enhanced Coupon Event 2 has occurred in respect of such Coupon Valuation 
Date and an Enhanced Coupon Event 1 has not occurred in respect of such Coupon 
Valuation Date, each as determined by the Calculation Agent, the Interest Amount in 
respect of each Note payable on such Interest Payment Date shall be an amount 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula:  
(CA × Enhanced Coupon Rate × t × Coupon Leverage) - APCA 
(B) 
if neither an Enhanced Coupon Event 1 nor an Enhanced Coupon Event 2 has 
occurred in respect of such Coupon Valuation Date, each as determined by the 
Calculation Agent, the Interest Amount in respect of each Note payable on such 
Interest Payment Date shall be an amount determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula:  
𝑀𝑎𝑥 [(CA ×  Enhanced Coupon Rate ×  t) − APCA;  0] 
(C) 
if an Enhanced Coupon Event 1 has occurred in respect of such Coupon Valuation 
Date (and regardless of whether an Enhanced Coupon Event 2 has or has not 
occurred), as determined by the Calculation Agent, the Interest Amount in respect of 
each Note payable on such Interest Payment Date shall be zero.  
(xiii) Contingent Floating Rate Coupon  
If "Contingent Floating Rate Coupon" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, in 
respect of each Interest Payment Date and the Coupon Valuation Date falling immediately prior to 
such Interest Payment Date:  
(A) 
if a Coupon Barrier Event has not occurred in respect of such Coupon Valuation Date, 
as determined by the Calculation Agent, the Interest Amount in respect of each Note 
payable on such Interest Payment Date shall be an amount determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula;  
CA × (ISDA Rate + Spread) × Relevant DCF 
(B) 
if a Coupon Barrier Event has occurred in respect of such Coupon Valuation Date, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent, the Interest Amount in respect of each Note 
payable on such Interest Payment Date shall be zero. 
(xiv) Memory Contingent Floating Rate Coupon  
If "Memory Contingent Floating Rate Coupon" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms, in respect of each Interest Payment Date and the Coupon Valuation Date falling immediately 
prior to such Interest Payment Date:

--- Page 221 ---
218 
 
(A) 
if a Coupon Barrier Event has not occurred in respect of such Coupon Valuation Date, 
as determined by the Calculation Agent, the Interest Amount in respect of each Note 
payable on such Interest Payment Date shall be an amount determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula;  
(CA × (ISDA Rate + Spread) × Relevant DCF + Memory Amount) 
(B) 
if a Coupon Barrier Event has occurred in respect of such Coupon Valuation Date, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent, the Interest Amount in respect of each Note 
payable on such Interest Payment Date shall be zero. 
(b) 
Early Redemption Amount 
If "Early Redemption" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms and the Calculation 
Agent determines that an Early Redemption Event in respect of any Early Redemption Valuation Date 
has occurred, the Issuer shall redeem each Note on the Early Redemption Date scheduled to fall 
immediately after the date on which such Early Redemption Valuation Date is scheduled to fall by 
payment of the Early Redemption Amount.  
If "Daily Observation Early Redemption" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms and 
the Calculation Agent determines that a Daily Observation Early Redemption Event has occurred, the 
Issuer shall redeem each Note on the Daily Observation Early Redemption Date scheduled to fall 
immediately after the date on which such Daily Observation Early Redemption Event has occurred by 
payment of the Early Redemption Amount.  
If "Fast Autocall Early Redemption" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms and the 
Calculation Agent determines that:  
 
a Daily Observation Early Redemption Event has occurred, the Issuer shall redeem each Note 
on the Daily Observation Early Redemption Date scheduled to fall immediately after the date 
on which such Daily Observation Early Redemption Event has occurred by payment of the 
Early Redemption Amount; or  
 
a Daily Observation Early Redemption Event has not occurred and subsequently an Early 
Redemption Event in respect of any Early Redemption Valuation Date has occurred, the Issuer 
shall redeem each Note on the Early Redemption Date scheduled to fall immediately after the 
date on which such Early Redemption Valuation Date is scheduled to fall by payment of the 
Early Redemption Amount.  
The Early Redemption Amount payable on an Early Redemption Date or Daily Observation Early 
Redemption Date (as applicable) shall be payable together with any Interest Amount (as applicable) 
payable on Interest Payment Date falling or scheduled to fall on such Early Redemption Date or Daily 
Observation Early Redemption Date (as applicable) (or, if there is no Interest Payment Date falling or 
scheduled to fall on such Early Redemption Date or Daily Observation Early Redemption Date (as 
applicable), such Interest Amount shall be payable on the Interest Payment Date  most recently 
preceding such Early Redemption Date or Daily Observation Early Redemption Date (as applicable)).  
For the purposes of this Condition 28(b), all references to "Reference Item" or "Reference Items" will 
be deemed to be references to "Early Redemption Reference Item" or "Early Redemption Reference 
Items" respectively or "Daily Observation Early Redemption Reference Item" or "Daily Observation 
Early Redemption Reference Items" respectively (as applicable) and the Notes will be deemed to relate 
only to the Early Redemption Reference Item(s) or Daily Observation Early Redemption Reference 
Items (as applicable) for such purposes. 
(c) 
Final Redemption Amount  
 
Unless previously redeemed, or purchased and cancelled, in accordance with the Conditions, or 
pursuant to an Early Redemption Event in accordance with Condition 28(b) above (if "Early 
Redemption" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms) or a Daily Observation Early 
Redemption Event in accordance with Condition 28(b) above (if "Daily Observation Early Redemption"

--- Page 222 ---
219 
 
is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms), where "Cash Settlement" is specified to be 
applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, each Note shall be redeemed on the Redemption Date by 
payment of the Redemption Amount which shall be determined in accordance with such of the 
following provisions as are specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, or where "Cash 
Settlement and/or Physical Delivery" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, each 
Note shall be redeemed on the Redemption Date in accordance with such of the following provisions 
as are specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms.  
For the purposes of this Condition 28(c), all references to "Reference Item" or "Reference Items" will 
be deemed to be references to "Redemption Reference Item" or " Redemption Reference Items" 
respectively and the Notes will be deemed to relate only to the Redemption Reference Item(s) for such 
purposes.  
(i) Redemption Amount 1 (Single Reference Item) Cash Settlement  
If "Redemption Amount 1 (Single Reference Item)" and "Cash Settlement" are specified to be 
applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the Redemption Amount in respect of each Note shall be 
determined in accordance with paragraph (A) or (B), as applicable:  
(A) if the Calculation Agent determines that the Final Value of the Reference Item is equal to or 
greater than the Redemption Barrier, the Redemption Amount shall be the Calculation 
Amount;  
(B) where the relevant Issue Terms specify:  
(I) "Barrier Event" to be applicable, if the Calculation Agent determines that the Final Value 
of the Reference Item is less than the Redemption Barrier, and:  
(1) a Barrier Event has not occurred, the Redemption Amount shall be the Calculation 
Amount; or  
(2) a Barrier Event has occurred, the Redemption Amount shall be an amount calculated 
by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula below:  
𝐶𝐴 𝑥 𝑀𝑎𝑥 [𝑀𝑖𝑛 ( 𝐹𝑖𝑛𝑎𝑙 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒
𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒;  Cap) ;  Floor] 
 
 (II)    "Barrier Event" to be not applicable, if the Calculation Agent determines that the Final 
Value of the Reference Item is less than the Redemption Barrier, the Redemption Amount 
shall be an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula 
below:  
𝐶𝐴 𝑥 𝑀𝑎𝑥 [𝑀𝑖𝑛 ( 𝐹𝑖𝑛𝑎𝑙 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒
𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒;  Cap) ;  Floor] 
(ii) Redemption Amount 1 (Single Reference Item) Cash Settlement and/or Physical Delivery  
If "Redemption Amount 1 (Single Reference Item)" and "Cash Settlement and/or Physical Delivery" 
are specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms:  
(A) if the Calculation Agent determines that the Final Value of the Reference Item is equal to or 
greater than the Redemption Barrier, Cash Settlement shall apply and each Note shall be 
redeemed on the Redemption Date by payment of the Redemption Amount which shall be the 
Calculation Amount;  
(B) where the relevant Issue Terms specify:  
(I) "Barrier Event" to be applicable, if the Calculation Agent determines that the Final Value of 
the Reference Item is less than the Redemption Barrier, and:

--- Page 223 ---
220 
 
 
(1) a Barrier Event has not occurred, Cash Settlement shall apply and each Note shall be 
redeemed on the Redemption Date by payment of the Redemption Amount which shall 
be the Calculation Amount; or  
(2) a Barrier Event has occurred, Physical Delivery shall apply and the Issuer's redemption 
obligations under the Notes shall be discharged on the Redemption Date by the Issuer (x) 
delivering or procuring the delivery of the Reference Item Amount in respect of each Note, 
and (y) paying the Residual Cash Amount (if any) in respect of each Note;  
(II) "Barrier Event" to be not applicable, if the Calculation Agent determines that the Final Value 
of the Reference Item is less than the Redemption Barrier, Physical Delivery shall apply and 
the Issuer's redemption obligations under the Notes shall be discharged on the Redemption 
Date by the Issuer (a) delivering or procuring the delivery of the Reference Item Amount in 
respect of each Note and (b) paying the Residual Cash Amount (if any) in respect of each 
Note.  
(iii) Redemption Amount 2 Cash Settlement  
If "Redemption Amount 2" and "Cash Settlement" are specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms, the Redemption Amount in respect of each Note shall be determined in accordance with 
paragraph (A) or (B), as applicable:  
(A)  if the Calculation Agent determines that the Final Value of the Worst Reference Item is equal 
to or greater than the Redemption Barrier in respect of such Worst Reference Item, the 
Redemption Amount shall be the Calculation Amount;  
(B)  where the relevant Issue Terms specify:  
(I) "Barrier Event" to be applicable, if the Calculation Agent determines that the Final Value of 
the Worst Reference Item is less than the Redemption Barrier in respect of such Worst 
Reference Item, and: 
 
(1) a Barrier Event has not occurred, the Redemption Amount shall be the Calculation 
Amount; or  
 
(2) a Barrier Event has occurred, the Redemption Amount shall be an amount calculated 
by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula below:  
𝐶𝐴 𝑥 𝑀𝑎𝑥 [𝑀𝑖𝑛 ( 𝑊𝑜𝑟𝑠𝑡 𝐹𝑖𝑛𝑎𝑙 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒
𝑊𝑜𝑟𝑠𝑡 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒;  Cap) ;  Floor] 
(II) "Barrier Event" to be not applicable, if the Calculation Agent determines that the Final 
Value of the Worst Reference Item is less than the Redemption Barrier in respect of such 
Worst Reference Item, the Redemption Amount shall be an amount calculated by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula below:  
𝐶𝐴 𝑥 𝑀𝑎𝑥 [𝑀𝑖𝑛 ( 𝑊𝑜𝑟𝑠𝑡 𝐹𝑖𝑛𝑎𝑙 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒
𝑊𝑜𝑟𝑠𝑡 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒;  Cap) ;  Floor] 
(iv) Redemption Amount 2 Cash Settlement and/or Physical Delivery  
If "Redemption Amount 2" and "Cash Settlement and/or Physical Delivery" are specified to be 
applicable in the relevant Issue Terms:  
(A)  if the Calculation Agent determines that the Final Value of the Worst Reference Item is equal 
to or greater than the Redemption Barrier in respect of such Worst Reference Item, the 
Redemption Amount shall be the Calculation Amount;

--- Page 224 ---
221 
 
(B)  where the relevant Issue Terms specify:  
(I) "Barrier Event" to be applicable, if the Calculation Agent determines that the Final Value of 
the Worst Reference Item is less than the Redemption Barrier in respect of such Worst 
Reference Item, and:  
(1) a Barrier Event has not occurred, Cash Settlement shall apply and the Redemption 
Amount shall be the Calculation Amount; or  
(2) a Barrier Event has occurred, Physical Delivery shall apply and the Issuer's 
redemption obligations under the Notes shall be discharged on the Redemption Date by 
the Issuer (x) delivering or procuring the delivery of the Reference Item Amount in 
respect of each Note, and (y) paying the Residual Cash Amount (if any) in respect of 
each Note;  
(II) "Barrier Event" to be not applicable, if the Calculation Agent determines that the Final Value 
of the Worst Reference Item is less than the Redemption Barrier in respect of such Worst 
Reference Item, Physical Delivery shall apply and the Issuer's redemption obligations under 
the Notes shall be discharged on the Redemption Date by the Issuer (I) delivering or procuring 
the delivery of the Reference Item Amount in respect of each Note, and (II) paying the Residual 
Cash Amount (if any) in respect of each Note. 
(v) Redemption Amount 3 Cash Settlement  
If "Redemption Amount 3" and "Cash Settlement" are specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms, the Redemption Amount in respect of each Note shall be determined in accordance with 
paragraph (A) or (B), as applicable:  
(A) if the Calculation Agent determines that a Barrier Event has not occurred, the Redemption 
Amount shall be the Calculation Amount;  
(B) if the Calculation Agent determines that a Barrier Event has occurred, and: 
(I) the Final Value of each Reference Item is greater than the respective Initial Value of such 
Reference Item, the Redemption Amount shall be the Calculation Amount; or  
(II) the Final Value of any Reference Item is equal to or less than the Initial Value of such 
Reference Item, the Redemption Amount shall be an amount calculated by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the formula below:  
CA × Worst Final Value
Worst Initial Value 
(vi) Redemption Amount 3 Cash Settlement and/or Physical Delivery  
If "Redemption Amount 3" and "Cash Settlement and/or Physical Delivery" are specified to be 
applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, if the Calculation Agent determines that:  
(A)  a Barrier Event has not occurred, Cash Settlement shall apply and the Redemption Amount 
shall be the Calculation Amount;  
(B)  a Barrier Event has occurred, and:  
(I) the Final Value of each Reference Item is greater than the respective Initial Value of such 
Reference Item, the Redemption Amount shall be the Calculation Amount; or  
(II) the Final Value of any Reference Item is equal to or less than the Initial Value of such 
Reference Item, Physical Delivery shall apply and the Issuer's redemption obligations under 
the Notes shall be discharged on the Redemption Date by the Issuer (I) delivering or procuring 
the delivery of the Reference Item Amount in respect of each Note, and (II) paying the Residual

--- Page 225 ---
222 
 
Cash Amount (if any) in respect of each Note.  
(vii) Redemption Amount 4 Cash Settlement  
If "Redemption Amount 4" and "Cash Settlement" are specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms, the Redemption Amount in respect of each Note shall be determined in accordance with 
paragraph (A) or (B), as applicable:  
(A)  if the Calculation Agent determines that a Barrier Event has not occurred, the Redemption 
Amount shall be the Calculation Amount;  
(B)  if the Calculation Agent determines that a Barrier Event has occurred, and:  
(I) the Final Value of the Reference Item is greater than or equal to the Initial Value of the 
Reference Item, the Redemption Amount shall be the Calculation Amount; or  
(II) the Final Value of the Reference Item is less than the Initial Value of the Reference Item, 
the Redemption Amount shall be an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance 
with the formula below:  
CA ×  Final Value
 Initial Value 
(viii) Redemption Amount 4 Cash Settlement and/or Physical Delivery  
If "Redemption Amount 4" and "Cash Settlement and/or Physical Delivery" are specified to be 
applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, if the Calculation Agent determines that:  
(A)  a Barrier Event has not occurred, Cash Settlement shall apply and the Redemption Amount 
shall be the Calculation Amount;  
(B)  a Barrier Event has occurred, and: 
(I) the Final Value of the Reference Item is greater than or equal to the Initial Value of the 
Reference Item, the Redemption Amount shall be the Calculation Amount; or  
(II) the Final Value of the Reference Item is less than the Initial Value of the Reference Item, 
Physical Delivery shall apply and the Issuer's redemption obligations under the Notes shall be 
discharged on the Redemption Date by the Issuer (a) delivering or procuring the delivery of 
the Reference Item Amount in respect of each Note, and (b) paying the Residual Cash Amount 
(if any) in respect of each Note.  
(ix) Redemption Amount 5  
If "Redemption Amount 5" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the Redemption 
Amount in respect of each Note shall be determined in accordance with paragraph (A) or (B), as 
applicable:  
(A)  if the Calculation Agent determines that a Barrier Event has not occurred, the Redemption 
Amount shall be the Calculation Amount;  
(B)  if the Calculation Agent determines that a Barrier Event has occurred, the Redemption Amount 
shall be an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula below:  
CA × 𝑀𝑎𝑥 {Floor; [1 + 𝑀𝑖𝑛 (0; Worst Final Value
Worst Initial Value −1)]} 
(x) Twin Win with Cap (Single Reference Item)  
If "Twin Win with Cap (Single Reference Item)" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, 
the Redemption Amount in respect of each Note shall be determined in accordance with paragraph 
(A) or (B), as applicable:

--- Page 226 ---
223 
 
(A)  if the Calculation Agent determines that the Final Value of the Reference Item is equal to or 
greater than the Redemption Barrier, the Redemption Amount shall be an amount calculated 
by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula below: 
CA × 𝑀𝑖𝑛 ( Final Value
Initial Value ;  Cap) 
(B) if the Calculation Agent determines that the Final Value of the Reference Item is less than the 
Redemption Barrier, and:  
(I) a Barrier Event has not occurred, the Redemption Amount shall be an amount calculated 
by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula below:  
CA × (2 −Final Value
Initial Value) 
(II) a Barrier Event has occurred, and:  
(1) if "Linear Feature" is specified to be not applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the 
Redemption Amount shall be an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the formula below:  
CA × 𝑀𝑖𝑛 ( Final Value
Initial Value ;  Cap) 
(2) if "Linear Feature" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the 
Redemption Amount shall be an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the formula below:  
CA ×  𝑀𝑖𝑛 (𝑀𝑎𝑥 {1 − [PF1 × 𝑀𝑎𝑥 (Strike − Final Value
Intial Value) ; 0] ; Floor} ; Cap) 
(xi) Twin Win with no Cap (Single Reference Item)  
If "Twin Win with no Cap (Single Reference Item)" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms, the Redemption Amount in respect of each Note shall be determined in accordance with 
paragraph (A) or (B), as applicable: 
(A)  if the Calculation Agent determines that the Final Value of the Reference Item is equal to or 
greater than the Redemption Barrier, the Redemption Amount shall be an amount calculated 
by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula below:  
CA × ( Final Value
Initial Value) 
(B)  if the Calculation Agent determines that the Final Value of the Reference Item is less than the 
Redemption Barrier, and:  
(I) a Barrier Event has not occurred, the Redemption Amount shall be an amount calculated 
by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula below:  
CA × (2 −Final Value
Initial Value) 
(II) a Barrier Event has occurred, and:  
(1) if "Linear Feature" is specified to be not applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the 
Redemption Amount shall be an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the formula below:

--- Page 227 ---
224 
 
𝐶𝐴 × ( 𝐹𝑖𝑛𝑎𝑙 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒
𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒) 
(2) if "Linear Feature" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the 
Redemption Amount shall be an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the formula below:  
CA ×  𝑀𝑎𝑥 {1 − [PF1 × 𝑀𝑎𝑥 (Strike − Final Value
Intial Value ; 0)] ; Floor} 
(xii) Barrier Event Redemption Amount (Single Reference Item)  
If "Barrier Event Redemption Amount (Single Reference Item)" is specified to be applicable in the 
relevant Issue Terms, the Redemption Amount in respect of each Note shall be determined in 
accordance with paragraph (A) or (B), as applicable:  
(A)  if the Calculation Agent determines that a Barrier Event has not occurred, the Redemption 
Amount shall be the Calculation Amount;  
(B)  if the Calculation Agent determines that a Barrier Event has occurred, the Redemption Amount 
shall be an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula below:  
𝐶𝐴 ×  Max [𝑀𝑖𝑛 ( Final Value
Initial Vlaue ; Cap) ; Floor] 
(xiii) Redemption Amount 6  
If "Redemption Amount 6" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the Redemption 
Amount in respect of each Note shall be an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance 
with the formula below:  
VCA + [CA × Participation ×𝑀𝑎𝑥 (Floor; FRP) × FXR] 
(xiv) Redemption Amount 7 (Single Reference Item)  
If "Redemption Amount 7 (Single Reference Item)" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms, the Redemption Amount in respect of each Note shall be determined in accordance with 
paragraph (A) or (B), as applicable:  
(A)  if the Calculation Agent determines that a Knock-In Event has occurred, the Redemption 
Amount shall be the Calculation Amount;  
(B)  if the Calculation Agent determines that a Knock-In Event has not occurred and:  
(I) the Final Value of the Reference Item is equal to or greater than the Redemption Barrier, 
the Redemption Amount shall be the Calculation Amount; 
 
(II) the Final Value of the Reference Item is less than the Redemption Barrier, where the 
relevant Issue Terms specify:  
(1) "Barrier Event" to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, if the Calculation Agent 
determines that:  
(x) a Barrier Event has not occurred, the Redemption Amount shall be the 
Calculation Amount; or  
(y) a Barrier Event has occurred, the Redemption Amount shall be an amount 
calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula below:

--- Page 228 ---
225 
 
𝐶𝐴 ×  Max [𝑀𝑖𝑛 ( Final Value
Initial Value ; Cap) ; Floor] 
(2) "Barrier Event" to be not applicable, the Redemption Amount shall be an amount 
calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula below:  
𝐶𝐴 ×  Max [𝑀𝑖𝑛 ( Final Value
Initial Value ; Cap) ; Floor] 
(xv) Redemption Amount 7 (Basket of Reference Items)  
If "Redemption Amount 7 (Basket of Reference Items)" is specified to be applicable in the relevant 
Issue Terms, the Redemption Amount in respect of each Note shall be determined in accordance with 
paragraph (A) or (B), as applicable:  
(A) if the Calculation Agent determines that a Knock-In Performance Event has occurred, the 
Redemption Amount shall be the Calculation Amount;  
(B) if the Calculation Agent determines that a Knock-In Performance Event has not occurred and:  
(I) the Final Value of the Final Worst Performance Reference Item is equal to or greater than 
the Redemption Barrier in respect of such Final Worst Performance Reference Item, the 
Redemption Amount shall be the Calculation Amount;  
(II) the Final Value of the Final Worst Performance Reference Item is less than the Redemption 
Barrier in respect of such Final Worst Performance Reference Item, where the relevant Issue 
Terms specify:  
(1) a Barrier Performance Event has not occurred, the Redemption Amount shall be the 
Calculation Amount; or  
(2) a Barrier Performance Event has occurred, the Redemption Amount shall be an 
amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula below:  
CA ×𝑀𝑎𝑥 [𝑀𝑖𝑛 (Final Relevant Performance (Worst of); Cap); Floor] 
(xvi) Redemption Amount 8 
If "Redemption Amount 8" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the Redemption 
Amount in respect of each Note shall be determined in accordance with paragraph (A) or (B), as 
applicable:  
(A)  if the Calculation Agent determines that a Barrier Event has not occurred, the Redemption 
Amount shall be the Calculation Amount;  
(B)  if the Calculation Agent determines that a Barrier Event has occurred, the Redemption 
Amount shall be an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
formula below: 
CA × Final Value
Strike Price 
(xvii) Barrier Reverse Convertible Notes Cash Settlement  
If "Barrier Reverse Convertible Notes" and "Cash Settlement" are specified to be applicable in the 
relevant Issue Terms, the Redemption Amount in respect of each Note shall be determined in 
accordance with paragraph (A) or (B), as applicable:

--- Page 229 ---
226 
 
(A)  if the Calculation Agent determines that a Barrier Performance Event has not occurred, the 
Redemption Amount shall be the Calculation Amount; or  
(B)  if the Calculation Agent determines that a Barrier Performance Event has occurred, the 
Redemption Amount shall be an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance 
with the formula below: 
CA × 𝑀𝑖𝑛(FRP; 1) 
(xviii) Barrier Reverse Convertible Notes Cash Settlement and/or Physical Delivery  
If "Barrier Reverse Convertible Notes" and "Cash Settlement and/or Physical Delivery" are specified 
to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, if the Calculation Agent determines that:  
(A)  a Barrier Performance Event has not occurred, Cash Settlement shall apply and the 
Redemption Amount shall be the Calculation Amount;  
(B)  a Barrier Performance Event has occurred, and 
(I) the Final Relevant Performance is greater than or equal to one (1), Cash Settlement 
shall apply and the Redemption Amount shall be the Calculation Amount; or 
(ii) the Final Relevant Performance is less than one (1), Physical Delivery shall apply and 
the Issuer's redemption obligations under the Notes shall be discharged on the 
Redemption Date by the Issuer (1) delivering or procuring the delivery of the Reference 
Item Amount in respect of each Note, and (2) paying the Residual Cash Amount (if any) 
in respect of each Note. 
(xix) Reverse Convertible Notes Cash Settlement  
If "Reverse Convertible Notes" and "Cash Settlement" are specified to be applicable in the relevant 
Issue Terms, the Redemption Amount in respect of each Note shall be determined in accordance with 
paragraph (A) or (B), as applicable:  
(A)  if the Calculation Agent determines that the Final Relevant Performance is equal to or 
greater than the Put Strike, the Redemption Amount shall be the Calculation Amount; or  
(B)  if the Calculation Agent determines that the Final Relevant Performance is less than the 
Put Strike, the Redemption Amount shall be an amount calculated by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the formula below:  
CA × 
FRP
Put Strike 
(xx) Reverse Convertible Notes Cash Settlement and/or Physical Delivery  
If "Reverse Convertible Notes" and "Cash Settlement and/or Physical Delivery" is specified to be 
applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, if the Calculation Agent determines that: 
(A)  the Final Relevant Performance is equal to or greater than the Put Strike, Cash Settlement 
shall apply and the Redemption Amount shall be the Calculation Amount; or  
(B)  the Final Relevant Performance is less than the Put Strike, Physical Delivery shall apply and 
the Issuer's redemption obligations under the Notes shall be discharged on the Redemption 
Date by the Issuer (A) delivering or procuring the delivery of the Reference Item Amount in 
respect of each Note, and (B) paying the Residual Cash Amount (if any) in respect of each 
Note. 
(xxi) Redemption Amount 1 (Basket of Reference Items)

--- Page 230 ---
227 
 
If "Redemption Amount 1 (Basket of Reference Items)" is specified to be applicable in the relevant 
Issue Terms, the Redemption Amount in respect of each shall be determined in accordance with 
paragraph (A) or (B), as applicable:  
(A)  if the Calculation Agent determines that the Final Relevant Performance (Basket) is equal to 
or greater than the Redemption Barrier, the Redemption Amount shall be the Calculation 
Amount;  
(B)  if the Calculation Agent determines that the Final Relevant Performance (Basket) is less than 
the Redemption Barrier, then where the relevant Issue Terms specify:  
(I) "Barrier Performance Event" to be applicable, and:  
CA × 𝑀𝑎𝑥 [𝑀𝑖𝑛 (Final Relevant Performance (Basket); Cap); Floor] 
(II) "Barrier Performance Event" to be not applicable, the Redemption Amount shall be an 
amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula below:  
CA × 𝑀𝑎𝑥 [𝑀𝑖𝑛 (Final Relevant Performance (Basket); Cap); Floor] 
(xxii) Twin Win with Cap (Basket of Reference Items)  
If "Twin Win with Cap (Basket of Reference Items)" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms, the Redemption Amount in respect of each shall be determined in accordance with paragraph 
(A) or (B), as applicable:  
(A)  if the Calculation Agent determines that the Final Relevant Performance (Basket) is equal to 
or greater than the Redemption Barrier, the Redemption Amount shall be an amount 
calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula below:  
CA × 𝑀𝑖𝑛 (Final Relevant Performance (Basket); Cap) 
(B)  if the Calculation Agent determines that the Final Relevant Performance (Basket) is less than 
the Redemption Barrier, and:  
(I) a Barrier Performance Event has not occurred, the Redemption Amount shall be an amount 
calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula below:  
CA × (2 - Final Relevant Performance (Basket)) 
(II) a Barrier Performance Event has occurred, the Redemption Amount shall be an amount 
calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula below:  
CA × 𝑀𝑖𝑛 (Final Relevant Performance (Basket); Cap) 
(xxiii) Twin Win with no Cap (Basket of Reference Items)  
If "Twin Win with no Cap (Basket of Reference Items)" is specified to be applicable in the relevant 
Issue Terms, the Redemption Amount in respect of each Note shall be determined in accordance with 
paragraph (A) or (B), as applicable:  
(A)  if the Calculation Agent determines that the Final Relevant Performance (Basket) is equal to 
or greater than the Redemption Barrier, the Redemption Amount shall be an amount 
calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula below:  
CA × Final Relevant Performance (Basket) 
(B)  if the Calculation Agent determines that the Final Relevant Performance (Basket) is less than 
the Redemption Barrier, and:

--- Page 231 ---
228 
 
(I) a Barrier Performance Event has not occurred, the Redemption Amount shall be an amount 
calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula below:  
CA × (2 - Final Relevant Performance (Basket)) 
(II) a Barrier Performance Event has occurred, the Redemption Amount shall be an amount 
calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula below:  
CA × Final Relevant Performance (Basket) 
(xxiv) Barrier Event Redemption Amount (Basket of Reference Items)  
If "Barrier Event Redemption Amount (Basket of Reference Items)" is specified to be applicable in the 
relevant Issue Terms, the Redemption Amount in respect of each Note shall be determined in 
accordance with paragraph (A) or (B), as applicable: 
(A) if the Calculation Agent determines that a Barrier Performance Event has not occurred, 
the Redemption Amount shall be the Calculation Amount; or  
(B) if the Calculation Agent determines that a Barrier Performance Event has occurred, the 
Redemption Amount shall be an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance 
with the formula below:  
CA × 𝑀𝑖𝑛 (1; Final Relevant Performance (Basket)) 
(d) 
Definitions 
"Adjusted Asset Valuation Date" means, in respect of Notes that relate to: (a) a single Reference 
Item, the Valuation Date, Final Pricing Date or Final Averaging Date in respect of the Valuation Date 
(as applicable) in respect of such Reference Item after all adjustments (if any) to such date pursuant 
to the applicable Conditions, or (b) a basket of Reference Items, the latest Valuation Date, Final Pricing 
Date or Final Averaging Date in respect of the Valuation Date (as applicable) to occur in respect of the 
Reference Items after all adjustments (if any) to such dates pursuant to the applicable Conditions.  
"APCA" means Aggregate Preceding Coupon Amounts. 
“AP(CVD)” means, in respect of a Coupon Valuation Date and where the Notes relate to:  
(a)  a single Reference Item, the Asset Performance of the Reference Item in respect of such 
Coupon Valuation Date; or  
(b)  a Basket of Reference Items, the Relevant Performance (Basket) in respect of such Coupon 
Valuation Date. 
"Asset Performance" means, in respect of a Reference Item and any relevant day, an amount 
calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula:  
Valuet
Initial Value 
"Asset Return" means, in respect of a Reference Item, an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent 
in accordance with the following formula:  
Final Value −Initial Value
Initial Value
 
"Averaging Date", in respect of:  
(a) an Index, has the meaning given in Condition 7;

--- Page 232 ---
229 
 
(b) an Equity, has the meaning given in Condition 8;  
(c) an FX Rate, has the meaning given in Condition 9; and  
(d) a Fund, has the meaning given in Condition 10.  
"Barrier Event" means:  
(a)  if "Barrier Observation Period Closing" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms, in respect of the Barrier Reference Date and an Observation Date (Closing Valuation) 
falling in the Barrier Observation Period corresponding to the Barrier Reference Date (and a 
Barrier Event shall be deemed to have occurred if), the Reference Item Closing Value of any 
Reference Item on such Observation Date (Closing Valuation) is, if the relevant Issue Terms 
specify that (i) "less than or equal to Barrier Event Strike" is applicable, less than or equal to 
the Barrier Event Strike in respect of such Reference Item or (ii) "less than Barrier Event Strike" 
is applicable, less than the Barrier Event Strike in respect of such Reference Item, each as 
determined by the Calculation Agent; or  
(b)  if "Barrier Observation Period Intra-Day" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms, in respect of the Barrier Reference Date and an Observation Date (Intra-Day Valuation) 
falling in the Barrier Observation Period corresponding to the Barrier Reference Date (and a 
Barrier Event shall be deemed to have occurred if), the Reference Item Intra-Day Value of any 
Reference Item at any time on such Observation Date (Intra-Day Valuation) is, if the relevant 
Issue Terms specify that (i) "less than or equal to Barrier Event Strike" is applicable, less than 
or equal to the Barrier Event Strike in respect of such Reference Item or (ii) "less than Barrier 
Event Strike" is applicable, less than the Barrier Event Strike in respect of such Reference 
Item, each as determined by the Calculation Agent; or  
(c)  if "Barrier Reference Date Closing" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, 
(and a Barrier Event shall be deemed to have occurred if), the Reference Item Closing Value 
of any Reference Item on the Barrier Reference Date is, if the relevant Issue Terms specify 
that (i) "less than or equal to Barrier Event Strike" is applicable, less than or equal to the Barrier 
Event Strike in respect of such Reference Item or (ii) "less than Barrier Event Strike" is 
applicable, less than the Barrier Event Strike in respect of such Reference Item, each as 
determined by the Calculation Agent.  
"Barrier Event Strike" means an amount specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms in respect of 
a Reference Item. 
"Barrier Observation Period" means in respect of a Reference Item and a Barrier Reference Date 
for such Reference Item, the period commencing on the relevant Barrier Observation Period Start Date 
and ending on the relevant Barrier Observation Period End Date. Where the Notes relate to a Basket 
of Reference Items, there shall be a separate Barrier Observation Period for each Reference Item in 
respect of the Barrier Reference Date. 
"Barrier Observation Period End Date" means, if "Barrier Observation Period" is specified to be 
applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, in respect of a Reference Item and a Barrier Reference Date 
for such Reference Item, such Barrier Reference Date for such Reference Item, which shall be the last 
day of the relevant Barrier Observation Period, and shall be included or excluded from the Barrier 
Observation Period, as provided in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Barrier Observation Period Start Date" means, if "Barrier Observation Period" is specified to be 
applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, in respect of a Reference Item and a Barrier Reference Date 
for such Reference Item, the date specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms, which shall be the 
first day of the relevant Barrier Observation Period, and shall be included or excluded from the Barrier 
Observation Period, as provided in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Barrier Performance Event" means:

--- Page 233 ---
230 
 
(a)  if "Barrier Performance Observation Period Closing" is specified to be applicable in the 
relevant Issue Terms, in respect of the Barrier Reference Date and an Observation Date 
(Closing Valuation) falling in the Barrier Performance Observation Period corresponding to the 
Barrier Reference Date (and a Barrier Performance Event shall be deemed to have occurred 
if), the Relevant Performance in respect of such Observation Date (Closing Valuation) is, if the 
relevant Issue Terms specify that (i) "less than or equal to Barrier Performance Strike" is 
applicable, less than or equal to the Barrier Performance Strike or (ii) "less than Barrier 
Performance Strike" is applicable, less than the Barrier Performance Strike, each as 
determined by the Calculation Agent; or  
(b)  if "Barrier Performance Observation Period Intra-Day" is specified to be applicable in the 
relevant Issue Terms, in respect of the Barrier Reference Date and an Observation Date (Intra-
Day Valuation) falling in the Barrier Performance Observation Period corresponding to the 
Barrier Reference Date (and a Barrier Performance Event shall be deemed to have occurred 
if), the Relevant Performance at any time in respect of such Observation Date (Intra-Day 
Valuation) is, if the relevant Issue Terms specify that (i) "less than or equal to Barrier 
Performance Strike" is applicable, less than or equal to the Barrier Performance Strike or (ii) 
"less than Barrier Performance Strike" is applicable, less than the Barrier Performance Strike, 
each as determined by the Calculation Agent; or  
(c)  if "Barrier Performance Closing" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, (and 
a Barrier Performance Event shall be deemed to have occurred if), the Relevant Performance 
in respect of the Barrier Reference Date is, if the relevant Issue Terms specify that (i) "less 
than or equal to Barrier Performance Strike" is applicable, less than or equal to the Barrier 
Performance Strike or (ii) "less than Barrier Performance Strike" is applicable, less than the 
Barrier Performance Strike, each as determined by the Calculation Agent.  
"Barrier Performance Observation Period" means, if specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms, in respect of a Reference Item, the period commencing on the relevant Barrier Performance 
Observation Period Start Date and ending on the relevant Barrier Performance Observation Period 
End Date. Where the Notes relate to a Basket of Reference Items, there shall be a separate Barrier 
Performance Observation Period for each Reference Item in respect of the Barrier Reference Date.  
"Barrier Performance Observation Period End Date" means, if "Barrier Performance Observation 
Period" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, in respect of a Reference Item and 
the Barrier Reference Date for such Reference Item, such Barrier Reference Date for such Reference 
Item, which shall be the last day of the relevant Barrier Performance Observation Period, and shall be 
included or excluded from the Barrier Performance Observation Period, as provided in the relevant 
Issue Terms.  
"Barrier Performance Observation Period Start Date" means, if "Barrier Performance Observation 
Period" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, in respect of a Reference Item, the 
date specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms, which shall be the first day of the relevant Barrier 
Performance Observation Period, and shall be included or excluded from the Barrier Performance 
Observation Period, as provided in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Barrier Reference Date" means the Valuation Date, the Final Pricing Date, the FX Valuation Date, 
the Final Averaging Date in respect of the Valuation Date or any other date specified as such in the 
relevant Issue Terms.   
"Barrier Performance Strike" means an amount specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms.  
"Basket of Reference Items" means:  
(a) a basket of Commodities;  
(b a basket of Commodity Indices;  
(c) a basket of Indices;

--- Page 234 ---
231 
 
(a) a basket of Equities;  
(e) a basket of FX Rates;  
(f) a basket of Funds; or  
(g) a basket of any of the above Reference Items,  
each, as specified in the relevant Issue Terms.  
"CA" means the Calculation Amount specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Cap" means an amount specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms. 
“Closing Commodity Index Level” means, in respect of a Commodity Index and any day, the official 
published closing level of such Commodity Index on the relevant day as calculated and published by 
the relevant Commodity Index Sponsor or as otherwise determined by the Calculation Agent, subject 
as provided in Condition 6.   
“Closing Equity Price” means, on any day in respect of an Equity, the official closing price of such 
Equity on the Exchange as of the Valuation Time on the relevant day, or if there is no official closing 
price, the mid-market price per such Equity on the Exchange at the Valuation Time on such day, all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent subject as provided in Condition 8. 
"Closing Fund Price" means, on any day, the net asset value (or, if applicable, the estimated or 
provisional net asset value) per such Fund Share in respect of such day (or, if such day is not a 
Scheduled Trading Day, the most recent Scheduled Trading Day) calculated and published or 
announced by such Fund (or on its behalf) in respect of such day, or as otherwise determined by the 
Calculation Agent subject as provided in Condition 10. 
"Closing Index Level" means, on any day in respect of an Index, the official closing level of such 
Index as of the Valuation Time on or in respect of the relevant day as calculated and published by the 
relevant Index Sponsor or as otherwise determined by the Calculation Agent subject as provided in 
the Conditions. 
"Commodity Index Level" means, in respect of a Commodity Index and any relevant time on any 
relevant day, the official published level of such Commodity Index at such time on or in respect of such 
day, as calculated and published by the relevant Commodity Index Sponsor, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. If "Observation Date (Intra-Day Valuation)" is specified to be applicable in the 
relevant Issue Terms, the Closing Commodity Index Level of a Commodity Index on or in respect of 
any relevant day shall be deemed to be a Commodity Index Level in respect of an Observation Date 
(Intra-Day Valuation) for such Commodity Index falling on such relevant day.  
"Commodity Index Sponsor" means, for any Commodity Index, the entity specified as such in the 
relevant Issue Terms, and, if not specified, the corporation or other entity that, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent (a) is responsible for setting and reviewing the rules and procedures and the 
methods of calculation and adjustments, if any, related to such Commodity Index, and (b) announces 
(directly or through an agent) the level of such Commodity Index on a regular basis in respect of each 
Trading Day. 
"Commodity High Price" means, in respect of a Commodity and any relevant day, the high price of 
such Commodity (being the highest traded price of such Commodity on the relevant Exchange in 
respect of such day) as determined and made public by the relevant Price Source on that day. 
"Commodity Low Price" means, in respect of a Commodity and any relevant day, the low price of 
such Commodity (being the lowest traded price of such Commodity on the relevant Exchange in 
respect of such day) as determined and made public by the relevant Price Source on that day.  
"Commodity Price" means the Commodity Low Price or the Commodity High Price as specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms.

--- Page 235 ---
232 
 
"Commodity Reference Price" means, in respect of a Commodity and a Pricing Date or any other 
relevant date, the Specified Price per Unit of the Commodity on the relevant Exchange as determined 
by the Calculation Agent subject to adjustment in accordance with Condition 6. 
"Coupon Average Closing Value" means, in respect of a Coupon Valuation Date and a Reference 
Item which is:  
(a)  an Index, the Coupon Average Index Level of such Index in respect of such Coupon Valuation 
Date;  
(b)  an Equity, the Coupon Average Equity Price of such Equity in respect of such Coupon 
Valuation Date;  
(c)  an FX Rate, the Coupon Average FX Rate in respect of such Coupon Valuation Date; and  
(d)  a Fund Share, the Coupon Average Fund Price of such Fund Share of such Fund in respect 
of such Coupon Valuation Date.  
"Coupon Average Equity Price" means, in respect of an Equity and a Coupon Valuation Date, the 
arithmetic mean of the Closing Equity Price of the Equity on each Averaging Date for such Equity and 
such Coupon Valuation Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent and subject to adjustment and 
correction in accordance with Condition 8.  
"Coupon Average Fund Price" means, in respect of a Fund Share and a Coupon Valuation Date, the 
arithmetic mean of the Closing Fund Price of such Fund Share of such Fund on each Averaging Date 
for such Fund and such Coupon Valuation Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent and subject 
to adjustment and correction in accordance with Condition 10.  
"Coupon Average FX Rate" means, in respect of an FX Rate and a Coupon Valuation Date, the 
arithmetic mean of the FX Rate on each Averaging Date for such FX Rate and such Coupon Valuation 
Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent and subject to adjustment and correction in accordance 
with the Conditions.  
"Coupon Average Index Level" means, in respect of an Index and a Coupon Valuation Date, the 
arithmetic mean of the Closing Index Level of the Index on each Averaging Date for such Index and 
such Coupon Valuation Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent and subject to adjustment and 
correction in accordance with the Conditions.  
"Coupon Average Relevant Performance" means, in respect of a Reference Item and a Coupon 
Valuation Date, an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula:  
Coupon Average Closing Value
Initial Value
 
“Coupon Barrier Event" means:  
(a)  if "Coupon Observation Period Closing" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms, in respect of a Coupon Valuation Date and an Observation Date (Closing Valuation) 
falling in the Coupon Observation Period corresponding to such Coupon Valuation Date (and 
a Coupon Barrier Event shall be deemed to have occurred if),  
(i) (if paragraph (ii) below does not apply) the Reference Item Closing Value of:  
(A) (1) if "the Reference Item" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, the Reference 
Item on such Observation Date (Closing Valuation), (2) if "each Reference Item" is 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms, each Reference Item on such Observation Date 
(Closing Valuation) or (3) if "any Reference Item" is specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms, any Reference Item on such Observation Date (Closing Valuation), is

--- Page 236 ---
233 
 
(B) (1) if "less than or equal to the Coupon Barrier Level" is specified in the relevant 
Issue Terms, less than or equal to the Coupon Barrier Level in respect of such 
Reference Item(s), (2) if "greater than or equal to the Coupon Barrier Level" is 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms, greater than or equal to the Coupon Barrier 
Level in respect of such Reference Item(s), (3) if "less than the Coupon Barrier Level" 
is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, less than the Coupon Barrier Level in respect 
of such Reference Item(s) or (4) "greater than the Coupon Barrier Level" is specified 
in the relevant Issue Terms, greater than the Coupon Barrier Level in respect of such 
Reference Item(s), or  
(ii) if "the Relevant Performance" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, the Relevant 
Performance on such Observation Date (Closing Valuation) is (A) if "less than or equal to 
the Coupon Barrier Level" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, less than or equal to the 
Coupon Barrier Level, (B) if "greater than or equal to the Coupon Barrier Level" is specified 
in the relevant Issue Terms, greater than or equal to the Coupon Barrier Level, (C) if "less 
than the Coupon Barrier Level" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, less than the 
Coupon Barrier Level or (D) "greater than the Coupon Barrier Level" is specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms, greater than the Coupon Barrier Level,  
each as determined by the Calculation Agent;  
(b) if "Coupon Observation Period Intra-Day" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms, in respect of a Coupon Valuation Date and an Observation Date (Intra-Day Valuation) 
falling in the Coupon Observation Period corresponding to such Coupon Valuation Date (and 
a Coupon Barrier Event shall be deemed to have occurred if),  
(i)  (if paragraph (ii) below does not apply), the Reference Item Intra-Day Value of:  
(A) (1) if "the Reference Item" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, the Reference 
Item at any time on such Observation Date (Intra-Day Valuation), (2) if "each 
Reference Item" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, each Reference Item at any 
time on such Observation Date (Intra-Day Valuation) or (3) if "any Reference Item" is 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms, any Reference Item at any time on such 
Observation Date (Intra-Day Valuation), is  
(B) (1) if "less than or equal to the Coupon Barrier Level" is specified in the relevant 
Issue Terms, less than or equal to the Coupon Barrier Level in respect of such 
Reference Item(s), (2) if "greater than or equal to the Coupon Barrier Level" is 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms, greater than or equal to the Coupon Barrier 
Level in respect of such Reference Item(s), (3) if "less than the Coupon Barrier Level" 
is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, less than the Coupon Barrier Level in respect 
of such Reference Item(s) or (4) "greater than the Coupon Barrier Level" is specified 
in the relevant Issue Terms, greater than the Coupon Barrier Level in respect of such 
Reference Item(s), or  
(ii) if "the Relevant Performance" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, the Relevant 
Performance at any time on such Observation Date (Intra-Day Valuation) is (A) if "less than 
or equal to the Coupon Barrier Level" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, less than or 
equal to the Coupon Barrier Level, (B) if "greater than or equal to the Coupon Barrier Level" 
is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, greater than or equal to the Coupon Barrier Level, 
(C) if "less than the Coupon Barrier Level" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, less 
than the Coupon Barrier Level or (D) "greater than the Coupon Barrier Level" is specified 
in the relevant Issue Terms, greater than the Coupon Barrier Level,  
each as determined by the Calculation Agent;  
(c)  if "Coupon Valuation Date Closing" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, 
in respect of a Coupon Valuation Date (and a Coupon Barrier Event shall be deemed to have 
occurred if),

--- Page 237 ---
234 
 
(i)  (if paragraph (ii) below does not apply) (I) if the relevant Issue Terms do not specify 
"Coupon Averaging" to be applicable, the Reference Item Closing Value, or (II) if the 
relevant Issue Terms specify "Coupon Averaging" to be applicable, the Coupon Average 
Closing Value, of:  
(A) (1) if "the Reference Item" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, the Reference 
Item on such Coupon Valuation Date or, if the relevant Issue Terms specify "Coupon 
Averaging" to be applicable, in respect of such Coupon Valuation Date, (2) if "each 
Reference Item" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, each Reference Item on 
such Coupon Valuation Date or, if the relevant Issue Terms specify "Coupon 
Averaging" to be applicable, in respect of such Coupon Valuation Date or (3) if "any 
Reference Item" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, any Reference Item on such 
Coupon Valuation Date or, if the relevant Issue Terms specify "Coupon Averaging" to 
be applicable, in respect of such Coupon Valuation Date, is  
(B) (1) if "less than or equal to the Coupon Barrier Level" is specified in the relevant 
Issue Terms, less than or equal to the Coupon Barrier Level in respect of such 
Reference Item(s), (2) if "greater than or equal to the Coupon Barrier Level" is 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms, greater than or equal to the Coupon Barrier 
Level in respect of such Reference Item(s), (3) if "less than the Coupon Barrier Level" 
is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, less than the Coupon Barrier Level in respect 
of such Reference Item(s) or (4) "greater than the Coupon Barrier Level" is specified 
in the relevant Issue Terms, greater than the Coupon Barrier Level in respect of such 
Reference Item(s), or  
(ii)  if "the Relevant Performance" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms and (I) if the relevant 
Issue Terms do not specify "Coupon Averaging" to be applicable, the Relevant Performance 
on such Coupon Valuation Date, or (II) if the relevant Issue Terms specify "Coupon Averaging" 
to be applicable, the Coupon Average Relevant Performance in respect of such Coupon 
Valuation Date, is (A) if "less than or equal to the Coupon Barrier Level" is specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms, less than or equal to the Coupon Barrier Level, (B) if "greater than or 
equal to the Coupon Barrier Level" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, greater than or 
equal to the Coupon Barrier Level, (C) if "less than the Coupon Barrier Level" is specified in 
the relevant Issue Terms, less than the Coupon Barrier Level or (D) "greater than the Coupon 
Barrier Level" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, greater than the Coupon Barrier Level,  
each as determined by the Calculation Agent.  
"Coupon Barrier Level" means, in respect of a Coupon Valuation Date (and, if applicable, each 
relevant date in the Coupon Observation Period corresponding to such Coupon Valuation Date) and a 
Reference Item, the amount specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms for such Coupon Valuation 
Date and such Reference Item (which shall also apply, if applicable, to such Reference Item for each 
relevant date in the Coupon Observation Period corresponding to such Coupon Valuation Date), or, if 
different amounts are specified in the relevant Issue Terms for such Reference Item and different 
Coupon Valuation Dates, the amount corresponding to such Coupon Valuation Date (which shall also 
apply, if applicable, to such Reference Item for each relevant date in the Coupon Observation Period 
corresponding to such Coupon Valuation Date).  
"Coupon Factor" means an amount specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms.  
"Coupon Factor Numerator" means, in respect of a Coupon Valuation Date and the Reference Item, 
the Reference Item Closing Value of the Reference Item in respect of such Coupon Valuation Date.  
"Coupon Factor Denominator" means, in respect of a Coupon Valuation Date and the Reference 
Item, the Initial Reference Item Closing Value of the Reference Item multiplied by the Coupon Factor 
Denominator Multiplier.  
"Coupon Factor Denominator Multiplier" means, in respect of a Coupon Valuation Date and a 
Reference Item, an amount specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms, or, if different amounts are

--- Page 238 ---
235 
 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms for different Coupon Valuation Dates, the amount corresponding 
to such Coupon Valuation Date.  
"Coupon Factor Performance" means, in respect of a Coupon Valuation Date and a Basket of 
Reference Items, the aggregate of the Weighted Coupon Factor Performance of each Reference Item 
in the Basket of Reference Items.  
"Coupon Leverage" means an amount specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms.  
"Coupon Lock-in Event" means, in respect of a Coupon Valuation Date and Notes that relate to:  
(a)  a single Reference Item (and a Coupon Lock-in Event shall be deemed to have occurred in 
respect of such Coupon Valuation Date if), the Reference Item Closing Value of such 
Reference Item on such Coupon Valuation Date is, if the relevant Issue Terms specify that:  
(i)  "less than or equal to Coupon Lock-in Level" is applicable, less than or equal to the 
Coupon Lock-in Level in respect of such Reference Item;  
(ii)  "greater than or equal to Coupon Lock-in Level" is applicable, greater than or equal to the 
Coupon Lock-in Level in respect of such Reference Item;  
(iii)  "less than Coupon Lock-in Level" is applicable, less than the Coupon Lock-in Level in 
respect of such Reference Item; or  
(iv)  "greater than Coupon Lock-in Level" is applicable, greater than the Coupon Lock-in Level 
in respect of such Reference Item, each as determined by the Calculation Agent;  
(b)  a Basket of Reference Items (and a Coupon Lock-in Event shall be deemed to have occurred 
in respect of such Coupon Valuation Date if), the Reference Item Closing Value of each 
Reference Item on such Coupon Valuation Date is, if the relevant Issue Terms specify that:  
(i)  "less than or equal to Coupon Lock-in Level" is applicable, less than or equal to the 
Coupon Lock-in Level in respect of such Reference Item;  
(ii)  "greater than or equal to Coupon Lock-in Level" is applicable, greater than or equal to the 
Coupon Lock-in Level in respect of such Reference Item;  
(iii)  "less than Coupon Lock-in Level" is applicable, less than the Coupon Lock-in Level in 
respect of such Reference Item; or  
(iv)  "greater than Coupon Lock-in Level" is applicable, greater than the Coupon Lock-in Level 
in respect of such Reference Item.  
"Coupon Lock-in Level" means, in respect of a Coupon Valuation Date and a Reference Item, the 
amount specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms for such Coupon Valuation Date and such 
Reference Item.  
"Coupon Observation Date" means, if specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, in 
respect of each Coupon Payment Date, such date or dates specified as such in the relevant Issue 
Terms. 
"Coupon Observation Period" means, if specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, in 
respect of a Reference Item and a Coupon Valuation Date or Coupon Observation Date for such 
Reference Item, the period commencing on the relevant Coupon Observation Period Start Date and 
ending on the relevant Coupon Observation Period End Date. Where the Notes relate to a Basket of 
Reference Items, there shall be a separate Coupon Observation Period for each Reference Item in 
respect of each Coupon Valuation Date or Coupon Observation Date.  
"Coupon Observation Period End Date" means, if "Coupon Observation Period" is specified to be 
applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, in respect of a Reference Item and a Coupon Valuation Date

--- Page 239 ---
236 
 
or a Coupon Observation Date for such Reference Item, if the relevant Issue Terms specify, in respect 
of such Coupon Observation Period End Date:  
(a)  "Adjusted", such Coupon Valuation Date or Coupon Observation Date for such Reference Item 
after all adjustments (including, without limitation, any adjustment for non-Scheduled Trading 
Days or Disrupted Days) to such date pursuant to the Conditions; or  
(b)  "Unadjusted", the date on which such Coupon Valuation Date or Coupon Observation Date 
for such Reference Item is scheduled to fall, disregarding all adjustments (including, without 
limitation, any adjustment for non-Scheduled Trading Days or Disrupted Days) to such date 
pursuant to the Conditions (but, for the avoidance of doubt, subject to the proviso to this 
definition),  
which shall be the last day of the relevant Coupon Observation Period, and shall be included or 
excluded from the Coupon Observation Period, as provided in the relevant Issue Terms, provided that 
where both "Daily Coupon" and "Daily Observation Early Redemption" are specified to be applicable 
in the relevant Issue Terms, if the Calculation Agent determines that a Daily Observation Early 
Redemption Event has occurred, the Observation Date (Closing Valuation), Observation Date (Intra-
Day Valuation) or other date (as applicable) on which such Daily Observation Early Redemption Event 
has occurred shall be the final Coupon Observation Period End Date, and the Coupon Observation 
Period shall end on and including such date.  
"Coupon Observation Period Start Date" means, if "Coupon Observation Period" is specified to be 
applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, in respect of a Reference Item and a Coupon Valuation Date 
or a Coupon Observation Date for such Reference Item, the date specified as such in the relevant 
Issue Terms, which shall be the first day of the relevant Coupon Observation Period, and shall be 
included or excluded from the Coupon Observation Period, as provided in the relevant Issue Terms.  
"Coupon Participation" means an amount specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms.  
"Coupon Reference Item(s)" means each Reference Item specified as such in the relevant Issue 
Terms.  
"Coupon Strike" means, in respect of a Coupon Valuation Date:  
(a)  if "Coupon Strike – High Watermark" is specified to be not applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms, an amount specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms;  
(b)  if "Coupon Strike – High Watermark" " is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms 
and the Notes relate to a single Reference Item, an amount calculated by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the following formula:  
Highest Value (Coupon)
Initial Value
 
(c)  if "Coupon Strike – High Watermark" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms 
and the Notes relate to a Basket of Reference Items, an amount calculated by the Calculation 
Agent as being equal to the aggregate of the Weighted Coupon Strike (High Watermark) of 
each Reference Item in the Basket of Reference Items in respect of such Coupon Valuation 
Date.  
"Coupon Valuation Date" in respect of:  
(a)  a Commodity or a Commodity Index, means each date specified as such in the relevant Issue 
Terms subject to adjustment in accordance with the relevant Commodity Business Day 
Convention;  
(b)  an Index, including an Inflation Index, means each date specified as such in the relevant Issue 
Terms, or if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day in respect of an Index, the next following 
Scheduled Trading Day;

--- Page 240 ---
237 
 
(c)  an Equity, means each date specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms, or if such date is 
not a Scheduled Trading Day in respect of an Equity, the next following Scheduled Trading 
Day;  
(d) an FX Rate, each date specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms, subject to any adjustment 
in accordance with the Business Day Convention; and  
(e)  a Fund, each date specified as such or otherwise determined as provided in the relevant Issue 
Terms, or if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading 
Day.  
"Daily Observation Early Redemption Barrier Level" means, in respect of a Daily Observation Early 
Redemption Valuation Date (and, if applicable, each relevant date in the Daily Observation Early 
Redemption Observation Period corresponding to such Daily Observation Early Redemption Valuation 
Date) and a Reference Item, the amount specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms for such Daily 
Observation Early Redemption Valuation Date and such Reference Item (which shall also apply, if 
applicable, to such Reference Item for each relevant date in the Daily Observation Early Redemption 
Observation Period corresponding to such Daily Observation Early Redemption Valuation Date), or, if 
different amounts are specified in the relevant Issue Terms for such Reference Item and different Daily 
Observation Early Redemption Valuation Dates, the amount corresponding to such Daily Observation 
Early Redemption Valuation Date (which shall also apply, if applicable, to such Reference Item for 
each relevant date in the Daily Observation Early Redemption Observation Period corresponding to 
such Daily Observation Early Redemption Valuation Date).  
"Daily Observation Early Redemption Date" means, in respect of a Daily Observation Early 
Redemption Event, (a) the date falling the Daily Observation Number of Days after the date on which 
the Daily Observation Early Redemption Event has occurred (as adjusted in accordance with the 
Conditions) or (b) any other date specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms.  
"Daily Observation Early Redemption Event" means:  
(a)  if "Early Redemption Observation Period Closing" is specified to be applicable in the relevant 
Issue Terms, in respect of a Daily Observation Early Redemption Valuation Date and an 
Observation Date (Closing Valuation) falling in the Daily Observation Early Redemption 
Observation Period corresponding to such Daily Observation Early Redemption Valuation 
Date (and a Daily Observation Early Redemption Event shall be deemed to have occurred if),  
(i)  (if paragraph (ii) below does not apply) the Reference Item Closing Value of:  
(A) (1) if "the Reference Item" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, the Reference 
Item on such Observation Date (Closing Valuation), (2) if "each Reference Item" is 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms, each Reference Item on such Observation Date 
(Closing Valuation) or (3) if "any Reference Item" is specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms, any Reference Item on such Observation Date (Closing Valuation), is  
(B) (1) if "less than or equal to the Daily Observation Early Redemption Barrier Level" 
is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, less than or equal to the Daily Observation 
Early Redemption Barrier Level in respect of such Reference Item(s), (2) if "greater 
than or equal to the Daily Observation Early Redemption Barrier Level" is specified in 
the relevant Issue Terms, greater than or equal to the Daily Observation Early 
Redemption Barrier Level in respect of such Reference Item(s), (3) if "less than the 
Daily Observation Early Redemption Barrier Level" is specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms, less than the Daily Observation Early Redemption Barrier Level in respect of 
such Reference Item(s) or (4) "greater than the Daily Observation Early Redemption 
Barrier Level" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, greater than the Daily 
Observation Early Redemption Barrier Level in respect of such Reference Item(s), or  
(ii)  if "the Relevant Performance" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, the Relevant 
Performance on such Observation Date (Closing Valuation) is (A) if "less than or equal to 
the Daily Observation Early Redemption Barrier Level" is specified in the relevant Issue

--- Page 241 ---
238 
 
Terms, less than or equal to the Daily Observation Early Redemption Barrier Level, (B) if 
"greater than or equal to the Daily Observation Early Redemption Barrier Level" is 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms, greater than or equal to the Daily Observation Early 
Redemption Barrier Level, (C) if "less than the Daily Observation Early Redemption Barrier 
Level" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, less than the Daily Observation Early 
Redemption Barrier Level or (D) "greater than the Daily Observation Early Redemption 
Barrier Level" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, greater than the Daily Observation 
Early Redemption Barrier Level, each as determined by the Calculation Agent; or  
(b)  if "Early Redemption Observation Period Intra-Day" is specified to be applicable in the relevant 
Issue Terms, in respect of a Daily Observation Early Redemption Valuation Date and an 
Observation Date (Intra-Day Valuation) falling in the Daily Observation Early Redemption 
Observation Period corresponding to such Daily Observation Early Redemption Valuation 
Date (and a Daily Observation Early Redemption Event shall be deemed to have occurred if),  
(i) (if paragraph (ii) below does not apply), the Reference Item Intra-Day Value of:  
(A) (1) if "the Reference Item" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, the Reference 
Item at any time on such Observation Date (Intra-Day Valuation), (2) if "each 
Reference Item" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, each Reference Item at any 
time on such Observation Date (Intra-Day Valuation) or (3) if "any Reference Item" is 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms, any Reference Item at any time on such 
Observation Date (Intra-Day Valuation), is  
(B) (1) if "less than or equal to the Daily Observation Early Redemption Barrier Level" 
is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, less than or equal to the Daily Observation 
Early Redemption Barrier Level in respect of such Reference Item(s), (2) if "greater 
than or equal to the Daily Observation Early Redemption Barrier Level" is specified in 
the relevant Issue Terms, greater than or equal to the Daily Observation Early 
Redemption Barrier Level in respect of such Reference Item(s), (3) if "less than the 
Daily Observation Early Redemption Barrier Level" is specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms, less than the Daily Observation Early Redemption Barrier Level in respect of 
such Reference Item(s) or (4) "greater than the Daily Observation Early Redemption 
Barrier Level" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, greater than the Daily 
Observation Early Redemption Barrier Level in respect of such Reference Item(s), or  
(ii)  if "the Relevant Performance" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, the Relevant 
Performance at any time on such Observation Date (Intra-Day Valuation) is (A) if "less than or 
equal to the Daily Observation Early Redemption Barrier Level" is specified in the relevant 
Issue Terms, less than or equal to the Daily Observation Early Redemption Barrier Level, (B) 
if "greater than or equal to the Daily Observation Early Redemption Barrier Level" is specified 
in the relevant Issue Terms, greater than or equal to the Daily Observation Early Redemption 
Barrier Level, (C) if "less than the Daily Observation Early Redemption Barrier Level" is 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms, less than the Daily Observation Early Redemption 
Barrier Level or (D) "greater than the Daily Observation Early Redemption Barrier Level" is 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms, greater than the Daily Observation Early Redemption 
Barrier Level,  
each as determined by the Calculation Agent.  
"Daily Observation Early Redemption Observation Period" means, if specified to be applicable in 
the relevant Issue Terms, in respect of a Reference Item and a Daily Observation Early Redemption 
Valuation Date for such Reference Item, the period commencing on the relevant Daily Observation 
Early Redemption Observation Period Start Date and ending on the relevant Daily Observation Early 
Redemption Observation Period End Date. Where the Notes relate to a Basket of Reference Items, 
there shall be a separate Daily Observation Early Redemption Observation Period for each Reference 
Item in respect of each Daily Observation Early Redemption Valuation Date. 
"Daily Observation Early Redemption Observation Period End Date" means, if "Daily Observation 
Early Redemption Observation Period" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, in

--- Page 242 ---
239 
 
respect of a Reference Item and a Daily Observation Early Redemption Valuation Date for such 
Reference Item, if the relevant Issue Terms specify, in respect of such Daily Observation Early 
Redemption Observation Period End Date:  
(a)  "Adjusted", such Daily Observation Early Redemption Valuation Date for such Reference Item 
after all adjustments (including, without limitation, any adjustment for non-Scheduled Trading 
Days or Disrupted Days) to such date pursuant to the Conditions; or  
(b)  "Unadjusted", the date on which the relevant Periodic Valuation Date, Periodic Pricing Date or 
other date in respect of such Daily Observation Early Redemption Valuation Date for such 
Reference Item is scheduled to fall, disregarding all adjustments (including, without limitation, 
any adjustment for non-Scheduled Trading Days or Disrupted Days) to such date pursuant to 
the Conditions,  
which shall be the last day of the relevant Daily Observation Early Redemption Observation Period, 
and shall be included or excluded from the Daily Observation Early Redemption Observation Period, 
as provided in the relevant Issue Terms.  
"Daily Observation Early Redemption Observation Period Start Date" means, if "Daily Observation 
Early Redemption Observation Period" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, in 
respect of a Reference Item and a Daily Observation Early Redemption Valuation Date for such 
Reference Item, the date specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms, which shall be the first day of 
the relevant Daily Observation Early Redemption Observation Period, and shall be included or 
excluded from the Daily Observation Early Redemption Observation Period, as provided in the relevant 
Issue Terms.  
"Daily Observation Early Redemption Reference Item(s)" means each Reference Item specified as 
such in the relevant Issue Terms.  
"Daily Observation Early Redemption Valuation Date" means each Periodic Valuation Date or each 
Periodic Pricing Date as specified in the relevant Issue Terms or any other date specified as such in 
the relevant Issue Terms.  
"Daily Observation Number of Days" means the number of Business Days or the number of such 
other days, in each case, specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms, or if none is so specified, the 
Daily Observation Number of Days shall be five Business Days.  
"Deliverable Reference Item" or "Deliverable Reference Items" means the Final Worst Performance 
Equity, the Worst Equity or the Equity as specified in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Early Redemption Amount" means, in respect of each Note if "Daily Observation Early Redemption" 
is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, an amount specified as such in the relevant 
Issue Terms and otherwise the amount specified as the Early Redemption Amount in the applicable 
Issue Terms. 
"Early Redemption Barrier" means, in respect of an Early Redemption Valuation Date and a 
Reference Item, the amount specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms for such Early Redemption 
Valuation Date and such Reference Item, or, if different amounts are specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms for such Reference Item and different Early Redemption Valuation Dates, the amount 
corresponding to such Early Redemption Valuation Date.  
"Early Redemption Date" means (a) each Interest Payment Date other than the Maturity Date or (b) 
any other date specified as such, in each case, as specified in the relevant Issue Terms.  
"Early Redemption Event" means either Early Redemption Event 1, Early Redemption Event 2 or 
Early Redemption Event 3, as specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms.  
"Early Redemption Event 1" means, in respect of an Early Redemption Valuation Date (and an Early 
Redemption Event 1 shall be deemed to have occurred in respect of such Early Redemption Valuation 
Date if), the Calculation Agent determines that (a) if the relevant Issue Terms do not specify "ER

--- Page 243 ---
240 
 
Averaging" to be applicable, the Reference Item Closing Value of the Reference Item on such Early 
Redemption Valuation Date, or (b) if the relevant Issue Terms specify "ER Averaging" to be applicable, 
the ER Average Closing Value of the Reference Item in respect of such Early Redemption Valuation 
Date, is greater than or equal to the Early Redemption Barrier.  
"Early Redemption Event 2" means, in respect of an Early Redemption Valuation Date (and an Early 
Redemption Event 2 shall be deemed to have occurred in respect of such Early Redemption Valuation 
Date if), the Calculation Agent determines that (a) if the relevant Issue Terms do not specify "ER 
Averaging" to be applicable, the Reference Item Closing Value of each Reference Item on such Early 
Redemption Valuation Date, or (b) if the relevant Issue Terms specify "ER Averaging" to be applicable, 
the ER Average Closing Value of each Reference Item in respect of such Early Redemption Valuation 
Date, is greater than or equal to its respective Early Redemption Barrier.  
"Early Redemption Event 3" means, in respect of an Early Redemption Valuation Date (and an Early 
Redemption Event 3 shall be deemed to have occurred in respect of such Early Redemption Valuation 
Date if), the Calculation Agent determines that the Relevant Performance on such Early Redemption 
Valuation Date is greater than or equal to the Early Redemption Strike.  
"Early Redemption Reference Item(s)" means each Reference Item specified as such in the relevant 
Issue Terms.  
"Early Redemption Strike" means either (a) the amount specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms 
or, if different amounts are specified in the relevant Issue Terms for different Early Redemption 
Valuation Dates, the amount corresponding to such Early Redemption Valuation Date or (b) in respect 
of an Early Redemption Valuation Date and a Reference Item, the amount specified as such in the 
relevant Issue Terms for such Early Redemption Valuation Date and such Reference Item, or, if 
different amounts are specified in the relevant Issue Terms for such Reference Item and different Early 
Redemption Valuation Dates, the amount corresponding to such Early Redemption Valuation Date.  
"Early Redemption Valuation Date" means each Periodic Valuation Date or each Periodic Pricing 
Date as specified in the relevant Issue Terms or any other date specified as such in the relevant Issue 
Terms.  
"Early Redemption Value" means an amount specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Enhanced Coupon Event 1" means:  
(a) if "Coupon Observation Period Closing" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms, in respect of a Coupon Valuation Date and an Observation Date (Closing Valuation) 
falling in the Coupon Observation Period corresponding to such Coupon Valuation Date (and 
an Enhanced Coupon Event 1 shall be deemed to have occurred if), the Reference Item 
Closing Value of:  
(i)  (A) if "the Enhanced Coupon Reference Item 1" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, 
the Enhanced Coupon Reference Item 1 on such Observation Date (Closing Valuation), 
(B) if "each Enhanced Coupon Reference Item 1" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, 
each Enhanced Coupon Reference Item 1 on such Observation Date (Closing Valuation) 
or (C) if "any Enhanced Coupon Reference Item 1" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, 
any Enhanced Coupon Reference Item 1 on such Observation Date (Closing Valuation), 
is  
(ii) (A) if "less than or equal to Enhanced Coupon Level 1" is specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms, less than or equal to the Enhanced Coupon Level 1 in respect of such Enhanced 
Coupon Reference Item 1, (B) if "less than Enhanced Coupon Level 1" is specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms, less than the Enhanced Coupon Level 1 in respect of such 
Enhanced Coupon Reference Item 1, (C) if "greater than or equal to Enhanced Coupon 
Level 1" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, greater than or equal to the Enhanced 
Coupon Level 1 in respect of such Enhanced Coupon Reference Item 1 or (D) if "greater 
than Enhanced Coupon Level 1" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, greater than 
the Enhanced Coupon Level 1 in respect of such Enhanced Coupon Reference Item 1,

--- Page 244 ---
241 
 
each as determined by the Calculation Agent;  
(b)  if "Coupon Observation Period Intra-Day" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms, in respect of a Coupon Valuation Date and an Observation Date (Intra-Day Valuation) 
falling in the Coupon Observation Period corresponding to such Coupon Valuation Date (and 
an Enhanced Coupon Event 1 shall be deemed to have occurred if), the Reference Item Intra-
Day Value of:  
(i)  (A) if "the Enhanced Coupon Reference Item 1" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, 
the Enhanced Coupon Reference Item 1 on such Observation Date (Intra-Day Valuation), 
(B) if "each Enhanced Coupon Reference Item 1" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, 
each Enhanced Coupon Reference Item 1 on such Observation Date (Intra-Day Valuation) 
or (C) if "any Enhanced Coupon Reference Item 1" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, 
any Enhanced Coupon Reference Item 1 on such Observation Date (Intra-Day Valuation), 
is  
(ii)  (A) if "less than or equal to Enhanced Coupon Level 1" is specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms, less than or equal to the Enhanced Coupon Level 1 in respect of such Enhanced 
Coupon Reference Item 1, (B) if "less than Enhanced Coupon Level 1" is specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms, less than the Enhanced Coupon Level 1 in respect of such 
Enhanced Coupon Reference Item 1, (C) if "greater than or equal to Enhanced Coupon 
Level 1" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, greater than or equal to the Enhanced 
Coupon Level 1 in respect of such Enhanced Coupon Reference Item 1 or (D) if "greater 
than Enhanced Coupon Level 1" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, greater than the 
Enhanced Coupon Level 1 in respect of such Enhanced Coupon Reference Item 1,  
each as determined by the Calculation Agent; or  
(c)  if "Coupon Valuation Date Closing" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, 
in respect of a Coupon Valuation Date (and an Enhanced Coupon Event 1 shall be deemed 
to have occurred if), the Reference Item Closing Value of:  
(i)  (A) if "the Enhanced Coupon Reference Item 1" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, 
the Enhanced Coupon Reference Item 1 on such Coupon Valuation Date, (B) if "each 
Enhanced Coupon Reference Item 1" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, each 
Enhanced Coupon Reference Item 1 on such Coupon Valuation Date or (C) if "any 
Enhanced Coupon Reference Item 1" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, any 
Enhanced Coupon Reference Item 1 on such Coupon Valuation Date, is  
(ii)  (A) if "less than or equal to Enhanced Coupon Level 1" is specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms, less than or equal to the Enhanced Coupon Level 1 in respect of such Enhanced 
Coupon Reference Item 1, (B) if "less than Enhanced Coupon Level 1" is specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms, less than the Enhanced Coupon Level 1 in respect of such 
Enhanced Coupon Reference Item 1, (C) if "greater than or equal to Enhanced Coupon 
Level 1" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, greater than or equal to the Enhanced 
Coupon Level 1 in respect of such Enhanced Coupon Reference Item 1 or (D) if "greater 
than Enhanced Coupon Level 1" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, greater than the 
Enhanced Coupon Level 1 in respect of such Enhanced Coupon Reference Item 1,  
each as determined by the Calculation Agent.  
"Enhanced Coupon Event 2" means:  
(a)  if "Coupon Observation Period Closing" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms, in respect of a Coupon Valuation Date and an Observation Date (Closing Valuation) 
falling in the Coupon Observation Period corresponding to such Coupon Valuation Date (and 
an Enhanced Coupon Event 2 shall be deemed to have occurred if), the Reference Item 
Closing Value of:

--- Page 245 ---
242 
 
(i)  (A) if "the Enhanced Coupon Reference Item 2" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, 
the Enhanced Coupon Reference Item 2 on such Observation Date (Closing Valuation), 
(B) if "each Enhanced Coupon Reference Item 2" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, 
each Enhanced Coupon Reference Item 2 on such Observation Date (Closing Valuation) 
or (C) if "any Enhanced Coupon Reference Item 2" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, 
any Enhanced Coupon Reference Item 2 on such Observation Date (Closing Valuation), 
is  
(ii)  (A) if "less than or equal to Enhanced Coupon Level 2" is specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms, less than or equal to the Enhanced Coupon Level 2 in respect of such Enhanced 
Coupon Reference Item 2, (B) if "less than Enhanced Coupon Level 2" is specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms, less than the Enhanced Coupon Level 2 in respect of such 
Enhanced Coupon Reference Item 2, (C) if "greater than or equal to Enhanced Coupon 
Level 2" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, greater than or equal to the Enhanced 
Coupon Level 2 in respect of such Enhanced Coupon Reference Item 2 or (D) if "greater 
than Enhanced Coupon Level 2" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, greater than the 
Enhanced Coupon Level 2 in respect of such Enhanced Coupon Reference Item 2,  
each as determined by the Calculation Agent;  
(b)  if "Coupon Observation Period Intra-Day" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms, in respect of a Coupon Valuation Date and an Observation Date (Intra-Day Valuation) 
falling in the Coupon Observation Period corresponding to such Coupon Valuation Date (and 
an Enhanced Coupon Event 2 shall be deemed to have occurred if), the Reference Item Intra-
Day Value of:  
(i)  (A) if "the Enhanced Coupon Reference Item 2" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, 
the Enhanced Coupon Reference Item 2 on such Observation Date (Intra-Day Valuation), 
(B) if "each Enhanced Coupon Reference Item 2" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, 
each Enhanced Coupon Reference Item 2 on such Observation Date (Intra-Day Valuation) 
or (C) if "any Enhanced Coupon Reference Item 2" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, 
any Enhanced Coupon Reference Item 2 on such Observation Date (Intra-Day Valuation), 
is  
(ii)  (A) if "less than or equal to Enhanced Coupon Level 2" is specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms, less than or equal to the Enhanced Coupon Level 2 in respect of such Enhanced 
Coupon Reference Item 2, (B) if "less than Enhanced Coupon Level 2" is specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms, less than the Enhanced Coupon Level 2 in respect of such 
Enhanced Coupon Reference Item 2, (C) if "greater than or equal to Enhanced Coupon 
Level 2" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, greater than or equal to the Enhanced 
Coupon Level 2 in respect of such Enhanced Coupon Reference Item 2 or (D) if "greater 
than Enhanced Coupon Level 2" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, greater than the 
Enhanced Coupon Level 2 in respect of such Enhanced Coupon Reference Item 2,  
each as determined by the Calculation Agent; or  
(c)  if "Coupon Valuation Date Closing" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, 
in respect of a Coupon Valuation Date (and an Enhanced Coupon Event 2 shall be deemed 
to have occurred if), the Reference Item Closing Value of:  
(i)  (A) if "the Enhanced Coupon Reference Item 2" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, 
the Enhanced Coupon Reference Item 2 on such Coupon Valuation Date, (B) if "each 
Enhanced Coupon Reference Item 2" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, each 
Enhanced Coupon Reference Item 2 on such Coupon Valuation Date or (C) if "any 
Enhanced Coupon Reference Item 2" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, any 
Enhanced Coupon Reference Item 2 on such Coupon Valuation Date, is  
(ii)  (A) if "less than or equal to Enhanced Coupon Level 2" is specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms, less than or equal to the Enhanced Coupon Level 2 in respect of such Enhanced 
Coupon Reference Item 2, (B) if "less than Enhanced Coupon Level 2" is specified in the

--- Page 246 ---
243 
 
relevant Issue Terms, less than the Enhanced Coupon Level 2 in respect of such 
Enhanced Coupon Reference Item 2, (C) if "greater than or equal to Enhanced Coupon 
Level 2" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, greater than or equal to the Enhanced 
Coupon Level 2 in respect of such Enhanced Coupon Reference Item 2 or (D) if "greater 
than Enhanced Coupon Level 2" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, greater than the 
Enhanced Coupon Level 2 in respect of such Enhanced Coupon Reference Item 2,  
each as determined by the Calculation Agent.  
"Enhanced Coupon Level 1" means, in respect of a Coupon Valuation Date (and, if applicable, each 
relevant date in the Coupon Observation Period corresponding to such Coupon Valuation Date) and a 
Reference Item, the amount specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms for such Coupon Valuation 
Date and such Reference Item (which shall also apply, if applicable, to such Reference Item for each 
relevant date in the Coupon Observation Period corresponding to such Coupon Valuation Date), or, if 
different amounts are specified in the relevant Issue Terms for such Reference Item and different 
Coupon Valuation Dates, the amount corresponding to such Coupon Valuation Date (which shall also 
apply, if applicable, to such Reference Item for each relevant date in the Coupon Observation Period 
corresponding to such Coupon Valuation Date). 
"Enhanced Coupon Level 2" means, in respect of a Coupon Valuation Date (and, if applicable, each 
relevant date in the Coupon Observation Period corresponding to such Coupon Valuation Date) and a 
Reference Item, the amount specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms for such Coupon Valuation 
Date and such Reference Item (which shall also apply, if applicable, to such Reference Item for each 
relevant date in the Coupon Observation Period corresponding to such Coupon Valuation Date), or, if 
different amounts are specified in the relevant Issue Terms for such Reference Item and different 
Coupon Valuation Dates, the amount corresponding to such Coupon Valuation Date (which shall also 
apply, if applicable, to such Reference Item for each relevant date in the Coupon Observation Period 
corresponding to such Coupon Valuation Date).  
"Enhanced Coupon Rate" means an amount specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms.  
"Enhanced Coupon Reference Item 1" means each Reference Item specified as such in the relevant 
Issue Terms.  
"Enhanced Coupon Reference Item 2" means each Reference Item specified as such in the relevant 
Issue Terms.  
"Equity Currency" means, in respect of the Equity of each Equity Issuer set forth in the column entitled 
"Equity Issuer" in the "FX Rate Table", the currency as specified in the column entitled "Equity 
Currency" corresponding to such Equity Issuer.  
"Equity FX Rate" means the FX Rate in respect of the Deliverable Reference Item on the FX Valuation 
Date, provided that, if the Equity Currency of the Deliverable Reference Item is the same as the Base 
Currency, such FX Rate shall be deemed to be one (1).  
"Equity Issuer" has the meaning given in the Condition 8.  
"Equity Price" means, in respect of an Equity and any relevant time on any relevant day, the price at 
which such Equity trades on the relevant Exchange at such time on such day, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. If "Observation Date (Intra-Day Valuation)" is specified to be applicable in the 
relevant Issue Terms, the Closing Equity Price of an Equity on or in respect of any relevant day shall 
be deemed to be an Equity Price in respect of an Observation Date (Intra-Day Valuation) for such 
Equity falling on such relevant day.  
"ER Average Closing Value" means, in respect of an Early Redemption Valuation Date and a 
Reference Item which is:  
(a)  an Index, the ER Average Index Level of such Index in respect of such Early Redemption 
Valuation Date;

--- Page 247 ---
244 
 
(b)  an Equity, the ER Average Equity Price of such Equity in respect of such Early Redemption 
Valuation Date;  
(c)  an FX Rate, the ER Average FX Rate in respect of such Early Redemption Valuation Date; 
and  
(d)  a Fund Share, the ER Average Fund Price of such Fund Share of such Fund in respect of 
such Early Redemption Valuation Date.  
"ER Average Fund Price" means, in respect of a Fund Share and an Early Redemption Valuation 
Date, the arithmetic mean of the Closing Fund Price of such Fund Share of such Fund on each 
Averaging Date for such Fund and such Early Redemption Valuation Date, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent and subject to adjustment and correction in accordance with the Conditions.  
"ER Average FX Rate" means, in respect of an FX Rate and a Early Redemption Valuation Date, the 
arithmetic mean of the FX Rate on each Averaging Date for such FX Rate and such Early Redemption 
Valuation Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent and subject to adjustment and correction in 
accordance with the Conditions.  
"ER Average Index Level" means, in respect of an Index and an Early Redemption Valuation Date, 
the arithmetic mean of the Closing Index Level of the Index on each Averaging Date for such Index 
and such Early Redemption Valuation Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent and subject to 
adjustment and correction in accordance with the Conditions.  
"ER Average Equity Price" means, in respect of an Equity and an Early Redemption Valuation Date, 
the arithmetic mean of the Closing Price of the Equity on each Averaging Date for such Equity and 
such Early Redemption Valuation Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent and subject to 
adjustment and correction in accordance with the Conditions.  
"Final Asset Performance" means, in respect of a Reference Item, if the relevant Issue Terms specify:  
(a) "Final Asset Performance (Final/Initial)" to be applicable, an amount calculated by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula:  
Final Value 
Initial Value 
(b) "Final Asset Performance (Asset Return)" to be applicable, an amount equal to the Asset 
Return of such Reference Item.  
"Final Asset Performance (FAP)(Final/Initial)" means in respect of a Reference Item, Final Asset 
Performance where Final Asset Performance (Final/Initial) applies.  
"Final Average Fund Price" means, in respect of a Fund Share and a Valuation Date, the arithmetic 
mean of the Closing Fund Price of such Share of such Fund on each Averaging Date for such Fund 
and such Valuation Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent and subject to adjustment and 
correction in accordance with the Conditions.  
"Final Average FX Rate" means, in respect of an FX Rate and a Valuation Date, the arithmetic mean 
of the FX Rate on each Averaging Date for such FX Rate and such Valuation Date, as determined by 
the Calculation Agent and subject to adjustment and correction in accordance with the Conditions.  
"Final Average Index Level" means, in respect of an Index and a Valuation Date, the arithmetic mean 
of the Closing Index Level of the Index on each Averaging Date for such Index and such Valuation 
Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent and subject to adjustment and correction in accordance 
with the Conditions.  
"Final Average Equity Price" means, in respect of a Equity and a Valuation Date, the arithmetic mean 
of the Closing Price of the Equity on each Averaging Date for such Equity and such Valuation Date,

--- Page 248 ---
245 
 
as determined by the Calculation Agent and subject to adjustment and correction in accordance with 
the Conditions.  
"Final Averaging Date" means, in respect of a Reference Item and a Coupon Valuation Date, Early 
Redemption Valuation Date or Valuation Date (as applicable), the Averaging Date specified as such 
in respect of such Coupon Valuation Date, Early Redemption Valuation Date or Valuation Date (as 
applicable) in the relevant Issue Terms or, if "Modified Postponement" or "Omission" is specified to be 
applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the latest Averaging Date in respect of such Coupon Valuation 
Date, Early Redemption Valuation Date or Valuation Date (as applicable) for such Reference Item to 
occur after all adjustments (if any) to such dates pursuant to the applicable Reference Item Linked 
Conditions.  
"Final Closing Commodity Index Level" means, in respect of a Commodity Index, the Closing 
Commodity Index Level of the Commodity Index on the Final Pricing Date for such Commodity Index, 
as determined by the Calculation Agent and subject to adjustment and correction in accordance with 
the Conditions.  
"Final Closing Fund Price" means, in respect of a Fund Share, the Closing Fund Price of such Fund 
Share of such Fund on the Valuation Date for such Fund, as determined by the Calculation Agent and 
subject to adjustment and correction in accordance with the Conditions.  
"Final Closing Index Level" means, in respect of an Index, the Closing Index Level of the Index on 
the Valuation Date for such Index, as determined by the Calculation Agent and subject to adjustment 
and correction in accordance with the Conditions.  
"Final Closing Equity Price" means, in respect of an Equity, the Closing Equity Price of the Equity 
on the Valuation Date for such Equity, as determined by the Calculation Agent and subject to 
adjustment and correction in accordance with the Conditions.  
"Final Commodity Index Level" means, in respect of a Commodity Index, the Commodity Index Level 
of the Commodity Index at any relevant time on the Final Pricing Date for such Commodity Index, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent and subject to adjustment and correction in accordance with the 
Conditions.  
"Final Commodity Price" means, in respect of a Commodity, the Commodity Price of the Commodity 
on the Final Pricing Date for such Commodity, as determined by the Calculation Agent and subject to 
adjustment and correction in accordance with the Conditions.  
"Final Commodity Reference Price" means, in respect of a Commodity, the Commodity Reference 
Price of the Commodity on the Final Pricing Date for such Commodity, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent and subject to adjustment and correction in accordance with the Conditions.  
"Final FX Rate" means, in respect of an FX Rate, the FX Rate on the FX Valuation Date for such FX 
Rate, as determined by the Calculation Agent and subject to adjustment and correction in accordance 
with the Conditions.  
"Final Index Level" means, in respect of an Index, the Index Level of the Index at any relevant time 
on the Valuation Date for such Index, as determined by the Calculation Agent and subject to 
adjustment and correction in accordance with the Conditions.  
"Final Pricing Date" means each date specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms, subject to 
adjustment in accordance with the relevant Business Day Convention.  
"Final Redemption Multiplier" means an amount specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms in 
respect of a Reference Item.  
"Final Redemption Value" means an amount specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms in respect 
of a Reference Item.

--- Page 249 ---
246 
 
"Final Relevant Performance" means Final Asset Performance, Final Relevant Performance (Basket) 
or Final Relevant Performance (Worst), as specified in the relevant Issue Terms.  
"Final Relevant Performance (Basket)" means the aggregate of the Final Weighted Performance of 
each Reference Item.  
"Final Relevant Performance (Worst)" means the Final Asset Performance of the Final Worst 
Performance Reference Item.  
"Final Relevant Performance (Worst of)" means the Final Asset Performance (FAP)(Final/Initial) of 
the Worst Performance Reference Item. 
"Final Equity Price" means, in respect of an Equity, the Equity Price of the Equity at any relevant time 
on the Valuation Date for such Equity, as determined by the Calculation Agent and subject to 
adjustment and correction in accordance with the Conditions.  
"Final Value" if the relevant Issue Terms specify:  
(a) "Averaging" to be not applicable, in respect of:  
(i)  a Equity, means the Final Closing Equity Price of such Equity;  
(ii)  an Index, means the Final Closing Index Level of such Index;  
(iii)  a Commodity, means the Final Commodity Reference Price of such Commodity;  
(iv)  a Commodity Index, means Final Closing Commodity Index Level of such Commodity 
Index;  
(v)  an FX Rate, means the Final FX Rate of such FX Rate; and  
(vi)  a Fund Share, means the Final Closing Fund Price of such Fund Share of such Fund; or  
(b)  "Averaging" to be applicable in respect of:  
(i)  a Equity, means the Final Average Equity Price of such Equity;  
(ii)  an Index, means the Final Average Index Level of such Index;  
(iii)  an FX Rate, means the Final Average FX Rate of such FX Rate; and  
(iv)  a Fund Share, means the Final Average Fund Price of such Fund Share of such Fund.  
"Final Weighted Asset Return" means in respect of each Reference Item in the Basket of Reference 
Items, an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in respect of such Reference Item in accordance 
with the following formula:  
W × Asset Return  
"Final Weighted Performance" means, in respect of each Reference Item in the Basket of Reference 
Items, if the relevant Issue Terms specify:  
(a)  "Weighted Performance (Final/Initial)" to be applicable, an amount calculated by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula:  
𝑊 × Final Value
Initial Value 
(b)  "Weighted Performance (Asset Return)" to be applicable, an amount calculated by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula:

--- Page 250 ---
247 
 
W × Asset Return 
"Final Weighted Performance (Final/Initial)" means, in respect of each Reference Item in the Basket 
of Reference Items, an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in respect of such Reference Item 
in accordance with the following formula:  
𝑊 × Final Value
Initial Value 
"Final Worst Performance Reference Item" means the Reference Item with the lowest Final Asset 
Performance, as determined by the Calculation Agent, provided that if two or more Reference Items 
have the same lowest Final Asset Performance, then the Calculation Agent shall determine which of 
such Reference Items shall be the Final Worst Performance Reference Item in its sole and absolute 
discretion, and such Reference Item shall be the Final Worst Performance Reference Item.  
"Final Worst Performance Equity" means the Equity with the lowest Final Asset Performance, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent, provided that if two or more Equities have the same lowest Final 
Asset Performance, then the Calculation Agent shall determine which of such Reference Items shall 
be the Final Worst Performance Equity in its sole and absolute discretion, and such Equity shall be the 
Final Worst Performance Equity.  
"Floor" means an amount specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms, which amount may be 
expressed as a percentage of the Calculation Amount or otherwise as set out in the relevant Issue 
Terms.  
"FRP" means the Final Relevant Performance.  
"FX Initial Valuation Date" means, in respect of an FX Rate, the date specified as such in respect of 
such FX Rate in the relevant Issue Terms or, if so specified in the relevant Issue Terms, the Adjusted 
Asset Initial Valuation Date or such number of FX Business Days following the Adjusted Asset Initial 
Valuation Date as is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, in each case, subject to any adjustment in 
accordance with the Business Day Convention.  
"FXR" means an amount determined by the Calculation Agent to be equal to, if the relevant Issue 
Terms specify:  
(a)  "Inverse FXR" to be not applicable, the quotient of (i) the Final FX Rate divided by (ii) the Initial 
FX Rate; or  
(b)  "Inverse FXR" to be applicable, the quotient of (i) the Initial FX Rate, divided by (ii) the Final 
FX Rate,  
provided that, in each case, if the relevant Issue Terms specify "FXR" to be not applicable, then "FXR" 
shall be deemed to be one. If the relevant Issue Terms specify "FXR" to be applicable, then the FX 
Rate shall only be used to determine the Final FX Rate and the Initial FX Rate for the purposes of this 
definition of FXR and shall not be used in this Condition 28 to determine any other variable or event in 
this Condition 28 that is used to calculate and/or determine the Redemption Amount or, if applicable, 
Early Redemption Amount or Coupon Amount.  
"FX Rate (Qualifying Actual Transaction)" means, in respect of an FX Rate and any relevant time 
on any relevant day, the spot rate of one currency for another currency expressed as a number of units 
of the Reference Currency (or fractional amounts thereof) of such FX Rate per unit of the Base 
Currency of such FX Rate. 
"FX Rate Sponsor" is the entity specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms.  
"FX Rate Table" means the table specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms.  
"FX Valuation Date" means the date specified as such in respect of such FX Rate in the relevant 
Issue Terms or, if so specified in the relevant Issue Terms, the Adjusted Asset Valuation Date or such

--- Page 251 ---
248 
 
number of Business Days following the Adjusted Asset Valuation Date as is specified in the relevant 
Issue Terms, subject to any adjustment in accordance with the Business Day Convention.  
"High Barrier" means (a) if "Range Accrual Coupon (Single Reference Item)" or "Range Accrual 
Coupon (Worst of)" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, in respect of a Reference 
Item, the amount specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms for such Reference Item or (b) if "Range 
Accrual Coupon (Basket of Reference Items)" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, 
the amount specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms.  
"Highest Value (Coupon)" means, in respect of a Reference Item and:  
(a)  the first Coupon Valuation Date, the Initial Value; and  
(b)  each Coupon Valuation Date (other than the first Coupon Valuation Date), the greater of (i) 
the Initial Value of such Reference Item and (ii) the greatest Reference Item Closing Value of 
such Reference Item in respect of each Coupon Valuation Date falling prior to (but excluding) 
such Coupon Valuation Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent.  
"Index Level" means, in respect of an Index and any relevant time on any relevant day, the official 
level of such Index at such time on or in respect of such day, as published by the Index Sponsor, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. If "Observation Date (Intra-Day Valuation)" is specified to be 
applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the Closing Index Level of an Index on or in respect of any 
relevant day shall be deemed to be an Index Level in respect of an Observation Date (Intra-Day 
Valuation) for such Index falling on such relevant day.  
"Index Strike Level" has the meaning given in the Index Linked Provisions.  
"Initial Closing Commodity Index Level" means, if specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms, in respect of a Commodity Index, the Closing Commodity Index Level of the Commodity Index 
on the Initial Pricing Date for such Commodity Index specified in the applicable Issue Terms, and if 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms, being the amount specified in the Reference Item Table in the 
column entitled "Initial Value" in the row corresponding to such Commodity Index, as determined by 
the Calculation Agent and subject to adjustment and correction in accordance with the Conditions.  
"Initial Closing Fund Price" means, if specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, in respect 
of a Fund Share, the Closing Fund Price of such Fund Share of such Fund on the Initial Valuation Date 
for such Fund, and if specified in the relevant Issue Terms, being the amount specified in the Reference 
Item Table in the column entitled "Initial Value" in the row corresponding to such Fund, as determined 
by the Calculation Agent and subject to adjustment and correction in accordance with the Conditions.  
"Initial Closing Index Level" means, if specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, in 
respect of an Index, the Closing Index Level of the Index on the Initial Valuation Date for such Index, 
and if specified in the relevant Issue Terms, being the amount specified in the Reference Item Table 
in the column entitled "Initial Value" in the row corresponding to such Index, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent and subject to adjustment and correction in accordance with the Conditions. 
"Initial Closing Equity Price" means, if specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, in 
respect of an Equity, the Closing Equity Price of such Equity on the Initial Valuation Date for such 
Equity, and if specified in the relevant Issue Terms, being the amount specified in the Reference Item 
Table in the column entitled "Initial Value" in the row corresponding to such Equity, as determined by 
the Calculation Agent and subject to adjustment and correction in accordance with the Conditions.  
"Initial Commodity Index Level" means, in respect of a Commodity Index:  
(a) if "Commodity Index Level" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, the Commodity Index Level 
of the Commodity Index on the Initial Pricing Date for such Commodity Index; or  
(b) if "Commodity Index Strike Level" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, the Commodity 
Index Strike Level of the Commodity Index on the Initial Pricing Date for such Commodity 
Index; or

--- Page 252 ---
249 
 
(c) the amount specified in the Reference Item Table in the column entitled "Initial Value" in the 
row corresponding to such Commodity Index, being, (i) if "Commodity Index Level" is specified 
in the relevant Issue Terms, the Commodity Index Level of the Commodity Index on the Initial 
Pricing Date for the Commodity Index or (ii) if "Commodity Index Strike Level" is specified in 
the relevant Issue Terms, the Commodity Index Strike Level of the Commodity Index on the 
Initial Pricing Date for the Commodity Index,  
in each case, as determined by the Calculation Agent and subject to adjustment and correction in 
accordance with the Conditions.  
"Initial Commodity Price" means, in respect of a Commodity:  
(a) if "Commodity Price" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, the Commodity Price of the 
Commodity on the Initial Pricing Date for the Commodity; or  
(b) if "Commodity Strike Price" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, the Commodity Strike Price 
of the Commodity on the Initial Pricing Date for the Commodity; or  
(c) the amount specified in the Reference Item Table in the column entitled "Initial Value" in the 
row corresponding to such Commodity, being (i) if "Commodity Price" is specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms, the Commodity Price of the Commodity on the Initial Pricing Date for 
the Commodity or (ii) if "Commodity Strike Price" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, the 
Commodity Strike Price of the Commodity on the Initial Pricing Date for the Commodity,  
in each case, as determined by the Calculation Agent and subject to adjustment and correction in 
accordance with the Conditions.  
"Initial Commodity Reference Price" means, if specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, 
in respect of a Commodity, the Commodity Reference Price of the Commodity on the Initial Pricing 
Date for such Commodity, and if specified in the relevant Issue Terms, being the amount specified in 
the Reference Item Table in the column entitled "Initial Value" in the row corresponding to such 
Commodity, as determined by the Calculation Agent and subject to adjustment and correction in 
accordance with the Conditions.  
"Initial FX Rate" means, in respect of an FX Rate:  
(a)  if "FX Rate Initial Valuation" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, the FX Rate on the FX 
Initial Valuation Date for the FX Rate; or  
(b)  the amount specified in the Reference Item Table in the column entitled "Initial Value" in the 
row corresponding to such FX Rate, in each case, as determined by the Calculation Agent 
and subject to adjustment and correction in accordance with the Conditions.  
"Initial Index Level" means, in respect of an Index:  
(a)  if "Index Level" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, the Index Level of the Index on the 
Initial Valuation Date for the Index; or  
(b)  if "Index Strike Level" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, the Index Strike Level of the 
Index on the Initial Valuation Date for the Index; or  
(c)  the amount specified in the Reference Item Table in the column entitled "Initial Value" in the 
row corresponding to such Index, being (i) if "Index Level" is specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms, the Index Level of the Index on the Initial Valuation Date for the Index or (ii) if "Index 
Strike Level" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, the Index Strike Level of the Index on 
the Initial Valuation Date for the Index,  
in each case, as determined by the Calculation Agent and subject to adjustment and correction in 
accordance with the Conditions.

--- Page 253 ---
250 
 
"Initial Observation Period" means, if specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, in 
respect of the Reference Item and the Initial Valuation Date for such Reference Item, the period 
commencing on the relevant Initial Observation Period Start Date and ending on the Initial Observation 
Period End Date. Where the Notes relate to a Basket of Reference Items, there shall be a separate 
Initial Observation Period for each Reference Item.  
"Initial Observation Period End Date" means, in respect of the Reference Item, the Initial Valuation 
Date for such Reference Item, which shall be the last day of the Initial Observation Period, and shall 
be included or excluded from the Initial Observation Period, as provided in the relevant Issue Terms.  
"Initial Observation Period Start Date" means, in respect of the Reference Item, the date specified 
as such in the relevant Issue Terms, which shall be the first day of the relevant Initial Observation 
Period, and shall be included or excluded from the Initial Observation Period, as provided in the 
relevant Issue Terms.  
"Initial Pricing Date" in respect of a Commodity or a Commodity Index, means each date specified 
as such in the relevant Issue Terms, subject to adjustment in accordance with the relevant Commodity 
Business Day Convention.  
"Initial Reference Item Closing Value" means in respect of a Reference Item which is:  
(a)  a Commodity, the Initial Commodity Reference Price of such Commodity;  
(b)  a Commodity Index, the Initial Closing Commodity Index Level of such Commodity Index;  
(c)  an Index, the Initial Closing Index Level of such Index or the Lowest Initial Closing Index Level 
of such Index, as specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms;  
(d)  an Equity, the Initial Closing Equity Price of such Equity or the Lowest Initial Closing Equity 
Price of such Equity, as specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms;  
(e) an FX Rate, the Initial FX Rate of such FX Rate; and  
(f)  a Fund Share, the Initial Closing Fund Price of or the Initial Average Fund Price such Fund 
Share of such Fund.  
"Initial Reference Item Intra-Day Value" means in respect of:  
(a) a Commodity, the Initial Commodity Price of such Commodity; and  
(b) a Commodity Index, the Initial Commodity Index Level of such Commodity Index  
(c) an Index, the Initial Index Level of such Index; and  
(d) a Equity, the Initial Equity Price of such Equity.  
"Initial Equity Price" means, in respect of an Equity:  
(a)  if "Equity Price" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, the Equity Price of the Equity on the 
Initial Valuation Date for the Equity; or  
(b)  if "Equity Strike Price" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, the Equity Strike Price of the 
Equity on the Initial Valuation Date for the Equity; or  
(c)  the amount specified in the Reference Item Table in the column entitled "Initial Value" in the 
row corresponding to such Equity, being (i) if "Equity Price" is specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms, the Equity Price of the Equity on the Initial Valuation Date for the Equity or (ii) if "Equity 
Strike Price" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, the Equity Strike Price of the Equity on 
the Initial Valuation Date for the Equity,

--- Page 254 ---
251 
 
in each case, as determined by the Calculation Agent and subject to adjustment and correction in 
accordance with the Conditions.  
"Initial Valuation Date" in respect of:  
(a)  an Index, means each date specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms or, if such date is 
not a Scheduled Trading Day in respect of an Index, the next following Scheduled Trading 
Day in respect of the Index;  
(b)  an Equity, means each date specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms or, if such date is 
not a Scheduled Trading Day in respect of a Share, the next following Scheduled Trading Day; 
and  
(c)  a Fund, means each date specified as such or otherwise determined as provided in the 
relevant Issue Terms or, if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following 
Scheduled Trading Day.  
"Initial Value" means, in respect of a Reference Item, the Initial Reference Item Closing Value of such 
Reference Item or the Initial Reference Item Intra-Day Value of such Reference Item or any other value 
or amount, in each case as specified in the relevant Issue Terms.  
"Interest Payment Date" means the dates specified as such in the Issue Terms.  
“ISDA Rate” has the meaning assigned to it in Condition 4(b). 
"k" means in respect of each Early Redemption Date, the number of Early Redemption Valuation Dates 
falling prior to such Early Redemption Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent.  
"Knock-In Event" means:  
(a)  if "Knock-In Observation Period Closing" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms, in respect of the Knock-In Reference Date and an Observation Date (Closing 
Valuation) falling in the Knock-In Observation Period corresponding to the Knock-In Reference 
Date (and a Knock-In Event shall be deemed to have occurred if), the Reference Item Closing 
Value of the Reference Item on such Observation Date (Closing Valuation) is, if the relevant 
Issue Terms specify that (i) "greater than or equal to the Knock-In Strike" is applicable, greater 
than or equal to the Knock-In Strike in respect of such Reference Item, or (ii) "greater than the 
Knock-In Strike" is applicable, greater than the Knock-In Strike in respect of such Reference 
Item, each as determined by the Calculation Agent; or  
(b)  if "Knock-In Observation Period Intra-Day" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms, in respect of the Knock-In Reference Date and an Observation Date (Intra-Day 
Valuation) falling in the Knock-In Observation Period corresponding to the Knock-In Reference 
Date (and a Knock-In Event shall be deemed to have occurred if), the Reference Item Intra-
Day Value of the Reference Item at any time on such Observation Date (Intra-Day Valuation) 
is, if the relevant Issue Terms specify that (i) "greater than or equal to the Knock-In Strike" is 
applicable, greater than or equal to the Knock-In Strike in respect of such Reference Item, or 
(ii) "greater than the Knock-In Strike" is applicable, greater than the Knock-In Strike in respect 
of such Reference Item, each as determined by the Calculation Agent; or  
(c)  if "Knock-In Reference Date Closing" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, 
(and a Knock-In Event shall be deemed to have occurred if), the Reference Item Closing Value 
of the Reference Item on the Knock-In Reference Date is, if the relevant Issue Terms specify 
that (i) "greater than or equal to the Knock-In Strike" is applicable, greater than or equal to the 
Knock-In Strike in respect of such Reference Item, or (ii) "greater than the Knock-In Strike" is 
applicable, greater than the Knock-In Strike in respect of such Reference Item, each as 
determined by the Calculation Agent.  
"Knock-In Observation Period" means, if specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, in 
respect of the Reference Item and a Knock-In Reference Date for such Reference Item, the period

--- Page 255 ---
252 
 
commencing on the relevant Knock-In Observation Period Start Date and ending on the relevant 
Knock-In Observation Period End Date.  
"Knock-In Observation Period End Date" means, if "Knock-In Observation Period" is specified to be 
applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, in respect of the Reference Item and a Knock-In Reference 
Date for such Reference Item, such Knock-In Reference Date for such Reference Item, which shall be 
the last day of the relevant Knock-In Observation Period, and shall be included or excluded from the 
Knock-In Observation Period, as provided in the relevant Issue Terms.  
"Knock-In Observation Period Start Date" means, if "Knock-In Observation Period" is specified to 
be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, in respect of the Reference Item and a Knock-In Reference 
Date for such Reference Item, the date specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms, which shall be 
the first day of the relevant Knock-In Observation Period, and shall be included or excluded from the 
Knock-In Observation Period, as provided in the relevant Issue Terms.  
"Knock-In Performance Event" means:  
(a)  if "Knock-In Performance Observation Period Closing" is specified to be applicable in the 
relevant Issue Terms, in respect of the Knock-In Reference Date and an Observation Date 
(Closing Valuation) falling in the Knock-In Performance Observation Period corresponding to 
the Knock-In Reference Date (and a Knock-In Performance Event shall be deemed to have 
occurred if), the Relevant Performance (Worst) in respect of such Observation Date (Closing 
Valuation) is, if the relevant Issue Terms specify that (i) "greater than or equal to the Knock-In 
Performance Strike" is applicable, greater than or equal to the Knock-In Performance Strike, 
or (ii) "greater than the Knock-In Performance Strike" is applicable, greater than the Knock-In 
Performance Strike, each as determined by the Calculation Agent; or  
(b)  if "Knock-In Performance Observation Period Intra-Day" is specified to be applicable in the 
relevant Issue Terms, in respect of the Knock-In Reference Date and an Observation Date 
(Intra-Day Valuation) falling in the Knock-In Performance Observation Period corresponding 
to the Knock-In Reference Date (and a Knock-In Performance Event shall be deemed to have 
occurred if), the Relevant Performance (Worst) at any time in respect of such Observation 
Date (Intra-Day Valuation) is, if the relevant Issue Terms specify that (i) "greater than or equal 
to the Knock-In Performance Strike" is applicable, greater than or equal to the Knock-In 
Performance Strike, or (ii) "greater than the Knock-In Performance Strike" is applicable, 
greater than the Knock-In Performance Strike, each as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
or  
(c)  if "Knock-In Performance Closing" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, 
(and a Knock-In Performance Event shall be deemed to have occurred if), the Relevant 
Performance (Worst) in respect of the Knock-In Reference Date is, if the relevant Issue Terms 
specify that (i) "greater than or equal to the Knock-In Performance Strike" is applicable, greater 
than or equal to the Knock-In Performance Strike, or (ii) "greater than the Knock-In 
Performance Strike" is applicable, greater than the Knock-In Performance Strike, each as 
determined by the Calculation Agent.  
"Knock-In Performance Observation Period" means, if specified to be applicable in the relevant 
Issue Terms, in respect of a Reference Item, the period commencing on the relevant Knock-In 
Performance Observation Period Start Date and ending on the relevant Knock-In Performance 
Observation Period End Date. Where the Notes relate to a Basket of Reference Items, there shall be 
a separate Knock-In Performance Observation Period for each Reference Item in respect of the Knock-
In Reference Date.  
"Knock-In Performance Observation Period End Date" means, if "Knock-In Performance 
Observation Period" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, in respect of a Reference 
Item and the Knock-In Reference Date for such Reference Item, such Knock-In Reference Date for 
such Reference Item, which shall be the last day of the relevant Knock-In Performance Observation 
Period, and shall be included or excluded from the Knock-In Performance Observation Period, as 
provided in the relevant Issue Terms.

--- Page 256 ---
253 
 
"Knock-In Performance Observation Period Start Date" means, if "Knock-In Performance 
Observation Period" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, in respect of a Reference 
Item, the date specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms, which shall be the first day of the relevant 
Knock-In Performance Observation Period, and shall be included or excluded from the Knock-In 
Performance Observation Period, as provided in the relevant Issue Terms.  
"Knock-In Performance Strike" means an amount specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms.  
"Knock-In Reference Date" means the Valuation Date, the Final Pricing Date, the FX Valuation Date, 
the Final Averaging Date in respect of the Valuation Date or any other date specified as such in the 
relevant Issue Terms.  
"Knock-In Strike" means an amount specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms in respect of the 
Reference Item. 
"Lock-in Coupon Amount" means the amount specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms.  
"Lock-in Event" means, in respect of a Lock-in Valuation Date and Notes that relate to:  
(a)  a single Reference Item (and a Lock-in Event shall be deemed to have occurred in respect of 
such Lock-in Valuation Date if), the Reference Item Closing Value of such Reference Item on 
such Lock-in Valuation Date is, if the relevant Issue Terms specify that:  
(i)  "less than or equal to Lock-in Level" is applicable, less than or equal to the Lock-in 
Level in respect of such Reference Item;  
(ii)  "greater than or equal to Lock-in Level" is applicable, greater than or equal to the Lock-
in Level in respect of such Reference Item;  
(iii)  "less than Lock-in Level" is applicable, less than the Lock-in Level in respect of such 
Reference Item; or  
(iv)  "greater than Lock-in Level" is applicable, greater than the Lock-in Level in respect of 
such Reference Item, each as determined by the Calculation Agent;  
(b)  a Basket of Reference Items (and a Lock-in Event shall be deemed to have occurred in respect 
of such Lock-in Valuation Date if), the Reference Item Closing Value of each Reference Item 
on such Lock-in Valuation Date is, if the relevant Issue Terms specify that:  
(i)  "less than or equal to Lock-in Level" is applicable, less than or equal to the Lock-in 
Level in respect of such Reference Item;  
(ii)  "greater than or equal to Lock-in Level" is applicable, greater than or equal to the Lock-
in Level in respect of such Reference Item; 
(iii)  "less than Lock-in Level" is applicable, less than the Lock-in Level in respect of such 
Reference Item; or  
(iv)  "greater than Lock-in Level" is applicable, greater than the Lock-in Level in respect of 
such Reference Item.  
"Lock-in Level" means, in respect of a Lock-in Valuation Date and a Reference Item, the amount 
specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms for such Lock-in Valuation Date and such Reference 
Item.  
"Lock-in Valuation Date" means each or such Periodic Valuation Date or each or such Periodic 
Pricing Date as specified in the relevant Issue Terms or any other date specified as such in the relevant 
Issue Terms.

--- Page 257 ---
254 
 
"Low Barrier" means (a) if "Range Accrual Coupon (Single Reference Item)" or "Range Accrual 
Coupon (Worst of)" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, in respect of a Reference 
Item, the amount specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms for such Reference Item or (b) if "Range 
Accrual Coupon (Basket of Reference Items)" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, 
the amount specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms.  
"Lowest Initial Closing Equity Price" means, if specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, 
in respect of an Equity and each Observation Date (Closing Valuation) falling in the Initial Observation 
Period for such Equity, the lowest Closing Equity Price of such Equity on each such Observation Date 
(Closing Valuation), and if specified in the relevant Issue Terms, being the amount specified in the 
Reference Item Table in the column entitled "Initial Value" in the row corresponding to such Equity, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent and subject to adjustment and correction in accordance with the 
Conditions.  
"Lowest Initial Closing Index Level" means, if specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, 
in respect of an Index and each Observation Date (Closing Valuation) falling in the Initial Observation 
Period for such Index, the lowest Closing Index Level of such Index on each such Observation Date 
(Closing Valuation), and if specified in the relevant Issue Terms, being the amount specified in the 
Reference Item Table in the column entitled "Initial Value" in the row corresponding to such Index, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent and subject to adjustment and correction in accordance with the 
Conditions.  
"M" means, in respect of a Coupon Payment Date and the calculation of the Coupon Amount payable 
on such date, the number of Observation Dates (Closing Valuation) in the Coupon Observation Period 
ending on (and including or excluding, as specified in the relevant Issue Terms) the Coupon 
Observation Date falling most recently prior to such Coupon Payment Date, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent.  
"M (Basket)" means, in respect of a Coupon Payment Date and the calculation of the Coupon Amount 
payable on such date, the number of Relevant Days in the Coupon Observation Period ending on (and 
including or excluding, as specified in the relevant Issue Terms) the Coupon Observation Date falling 
most recently prior to such Coupon Payment Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent.  
"M(Worst of)" means, in respect of a Coupon Payment Date and the calculation of the Coupon Amount 
payable on such date, the number of Relevant Days in the Coupon Observation Period ending on (and 
including or excluding, as specified in the relevant Issue Terms) the Coupon Observation Date falling 
most recently prior to such Coupon Payment Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent.  
"Max" followed by a series of amounts inside brackets, means whichever is the greater of the amounts 
separated by a semi-colon inside those brackets.  
"Memory Amount" means, in respect of a Coupon Payment Date, an amount determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula:  
Sum of Previous Interest Amounts - APCA 
"Memory Coupon Value" means an amount specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms.  
"Min" followed by a series of amounts inside brackets, means whichever is the lesser of the amounts 
separated by a semi-colon inside those brackets.  
"Minimum Redemption Value" means an amount specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms.  
"N" means, in respect of a Coupon Payment Date and the calculation of the Coupon Amount payable 
on such date, the number of Observation Dates (Closing Valuation) in the Coupon Observation Period 
ending on (and including or excluding, as specified in the relevant Issue Terms) the Coupon 
Observation Date falling most recently prior to such Coupon Payment Date on which the Reference 
Item Closing Value of the Reference Item is:

--- Page 258 ---
255 
 
(a)  if the relevant Issue Terms specify that (i) "greater than or equal to the Low Barrier" is 
applicable, greater than or equal to the Low Barrier in respect of the Reference Item, or (ii) 
"greater than the Low Barrier" is applicable, greater than the Low Barrier in respect of such 
Reference Item; and  
(b)  if the relevant Issue Terms specify that (i) "equal to or less than the High Barrier" is applicable, 
equal to or less than the High Barrier in respect of the Reference Item, or (ii) "less than the 
High Barrier" is applicable, less than the High Barrier in respect of the Reference Item,  
each as determined by the Calculation Agent.  
"N (Basket)" means, in respect of a Coupon Payment Date and the calculation of the Coupon Amount 
payable on such date, the number of Relevant Days in the Coupon Observation Period ending on (and 
including or excluding, as specified in the relevant Issue Terms) the Coupon Observation Date falling 
most recently prior to such Coupon Payment Date on which the Relevant Performance (Basket) for 
such Relevant Day is:  
(a)  if the relevant Issue Terms specify that (i) "greater than or equal to the Low Barrier" is 
applicable, greater than or equal to the Low Barrier for such Relevant Day, or (ii) "greater than 
the Low Barrier" is applicable, greater than the Low Barrier in respect of such Relevant Day; 
and  
(b)  if the relevant Issue Terms specify that (i) "equal to or less than the High Barrier" is applicable, 
equal to or less than the High Barrier for such Relevant Day, or (ii) "less than the High Barrier" 
is applicable, less than the High Barrier for such Relevant Day,  
each as determined by the Calculation Agent.  
"N (Worst of)" means, in respect of a Coupon Payment Date and the calculation of the Coupon Amount 
payable on such date, the number of Relevant Days in the Coupon Observation Period ending on (and 
including or excluding, as specified in the relevant Issue Terms) the Coupon Observation Date falling 
most recently prior to such Coupon Payment Date on which the Reference Item Closing Value of the 
Worst Performance Reference Item for such Relevant Day is:  
(a)  if the relevant Issue Terms specify that (i) "greater than or equal to the Low Barrier" is 
applicable, greater than or equal to the Low Barrier in respect of the Worst Performance 
Reference Item for such Relevant Day, or (ii) "greater than the Low Barrier" is applicable, 
greater than the Low Barrier in respect of the Worst Performance Reference Item for such 
Relevant Day; and  
(b)  if the relevant Issue Terms specify that (i) "equal to or less than the High Barrier" is applicable, 
equal to or less than the High Barrier in respect of the Worst Performance Reference Item for 
such Relevant Day, or (ii) "less than the High Barrier" is applicable, less than the High Barrier 
in respect of the Worst Performance Reference Item for such Relevant Day, each as 
determined by the Calculation Agent.  
"Number of Reference Items" means, in respect of each Note, if:  
(a) "Put Strike Multiplier" is specified to be not applicable in the relevant Issue Terms and:  
(i)  "Equity FX Conversion" is specified to be not applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, 
the amount specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms, being, or if not specified in 
the relevant Issue Terms, determined as, the number of Equities of the Deliverable 
Reference Item calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula (rounded to four decimal places, with 0.00005 rounded upwards):  
CA
PDP(Initial)

--- Page 259 ---
256 
 
(ii)  "Equity FX Conversion" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the 
amount determined as, the number of shares of the Deliverable Reference Item 
calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula (rounded 
to four decimal places, with 0.00005 rounded upwards):  
CA ×  Equity FX Rate
PDP(Initial)
 
(b)  "Put Strike Multiplier" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms and:  
(i)  "Equity FX Conversion" is specified to be not applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, 
the amount specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms, being, or if not specified in 
the relevant Issue Terms, determined as, the number of shares of the Deliverable 
Reference Item calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula (rounded to four decimal places, with 0.00005 rounded upwards):  
CA
PDP(Initial) × Put Strike 
(ii)  "Equity FX Conversion" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the 
amount determined as, the number of shares of the Deliverable Reference Item 
calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula (rounded 
to four decimal places, with 0.00005 rounded upwards):  
CA ×  Equity FX Rate
PDP(Initial) × Put Strike 
"Observation Date (Closing Valuation)" in respect of:  
(a)  a Commodity or a Commodity Index, has the meaning given in Condition 6;  
(b)  an Index, has the meaning given in Condition 7;  
(c)  an Equity, has the meaning given in Condition 8; 
(d)  an FX Rate, has the meaning given in Condition 9; and  
(e)  a Fund, has the meaning given in Condition 10.  
"Observation Date (Intra-Day Valuation)" in respect of:  
(a)  a Commodity or a Commodity Index, has the meaning given in Condition 6;  
(b)  an Index, has the meaning given in Condition 7;  
(c)  an Equity, has the meaning given in Condition 8; 
(d)  an FX Rate, has the meaning given in Condition 9; and  
(e)  a Fund, has the meaning given in Condition 10.  
"Observation Period" means an Initial Observation Period, a Barrier Observation Period, a Barrier 
Performance Observation Period, a Coupon Observation Period, a Daily Observation Early 
Redemption Observation Period, a Knock-In Observation Period or a Knock-In Performance 
Observation Period, as the case may be  
"Parityi" means an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in respect of each Reference Item in 
accordance with the following formula:

--- Page 260 ---
257 
 
CA
Strike Price 
"ParityiRounded Down" means an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in respect of each 
Reference Item in accordance with the following formula and rounded down to the nearest integer per 
Calculation Amount: 
CA
Strike Price 
"Participation" means an amount specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms.  
"PCA" means an amount specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms.  
"PDP (Initial)" means the Physical Delivery Price (Initial) in respect of the relevant Deliverable 
Reference Item.  
"Performance Factor 1" or “PF1” means an amount specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms.  
"Periodic Pricing Date" in respect of a Commodity or a Commodity Index, has the meaning given in 
the Commodity Linked Provisions.  
"Periodic Valuation Date" in respect of:  
(a)  an Index, each date specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms or, if such date is not a 
Scheduled Trading Day in respect of a Share, the next following Scheduled Trading Day;  
(b)  an Equity, each date specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms or, if such date is not a 
Scheduled Trading Day in respect of a Equity, the next following Scheduled Trading Day;  
(c)  an FX Rate, means each date specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms, in each case, 
subject to any adjustment in accordance with the Business Day Convention; and  
(d)  a Fund, each date specified as such or otherwise determined as provided in the relevant Issue 
Terms or, if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading 
Day.  
"Physical Delivery Price (Final)" means, in respect of a Deliverable Reference Item, the Final Closing 
Equity Price of such Deliverable Reference Item or any other amount specified as such in the relevant 
Issue Terms in respect of such Deliverable Reference Item.  
"Physical Delivery Price (Initial)" means, in respect of a Deliverable Reference Item, the Initial 
Closing Equity Price of such Deliverable Reference Item, the Initial Equity Price of such Deliverable 
Reference Item or any other amount specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms in respect of such 
Deliverable Reference Item.  
"Previous Interest Amount" means, in respect of an Interest Payment Date and the Interest Period 
ending on or immediately before such Interest Payment Date, an amount determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula:  
CA × (ISDA Rate + Spread) × Relevant DCF 
"Protection Amount" means an amount specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Put Strike" means an amount specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms.  
"Range Accrual Coupon Factor" means an amount specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms.

--- Page 261 ---
258 
 
"Redemption Barrier" means either (a) an amount specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms or 
(b) in respect a Reference Item, an amount specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms in respect 
of such Reference Item.  
"Reference Item 1" means the Reference Item specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms.  
"Reference Item 2" means the Reference Item specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms.  
"Reference Item Amount" or "Reference Item Amounts" means in respect of each Note and an 
Equity, the Rounded Number of Reference Items which is to be delivered by the Paying Agent on 
behalf of the Issuer. The Reference Item Amount (a) will be determined in respect of each Note without 
first aggregating the entire holding of Notes held by any Holder, and (b) to be delivered will include 
only whole Equities of the Deliverable Reference Item and the Residual Cash Amount will be payable 
in lieu of any fractional Equities of the Deliverable Reference Item.  
"Reference Item Closing Value" means, on any relevant day in respect of a Reference Item which is:  
(a)  a Commodity, the Commodity Reference Price of such Commodity on or in respect of such 
day;  
(b)  a Commodity Index, the Closing Commodity Index Level of such Commodity Index on or in 
respect of such day;  
(c)  an Index, the Closing Index Level of such Index on or in respect of such day;  
(d)  a Equity, the Closing Equity Price of such Equity on or in respect of such day;  
(e) an FX Rate, the FX Rate on or in respect of such day; and  
(f) a Fund Share, the Closing Fund Price of such Fund Share of such Fund on and in respect of 
such day.  
"Reference Item Intra-Day Value" means at any relevant time on any relevant day in respect of:  
(a)  a Commodity, the Commodity Price of such Commodity on or in respect of such day;  
(b)  a Commodity Index, the Commodity Index Level of such Commodity Index at such time on or 
in respect of such day; and  
(c)  an Index, the Index Level of such Index at such time on or in respect of such day;  
(d)  an Equity, the Equity Price of such Equity at such time on or in respect of such day; and  
(e)  an FX Rate, the FX Rate (Qualifying Actual Transaction) corresponding to such FX Rate at 
such time on or in respect of such day.  
"Reference Item Table" means the table specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms.  
"Relevant Day" means, in respect of a Coupon Observation Period, a day falling in such Coupon 
Observation Period which is an Observation Date (Closing Valuation) for each Reference Item in the 
Basket of Reference Items.  
"Relevant DCF" means, in respect of a Coupon Payment Date and the calculation of the Coupon 
Amount payable on such date, the Day Count Fraction in respect of the Contingent Floating Rate 
Coupon Period ending on or immediately before such Coupon Payment Date.  
"Relevant Performance" means Asset Performance, Relevant Performance (Basket) or Relevant 
Performance (Worst), as specified in the relevant Issue Terms.

--- Page 262 ---
259 
 
"Relevant Performance (Basket)" means the aggregate of the Weighted Performance of each 
Reference Item in a Basket of Reference Items in respect of a relevant day.  
"Relevant Performance (Worst)" means the Asset Performance of the Worst Performance Reference 
Item in respect of a relevant day.  
"Residual Amount" means, if the Deliverable Reference Item specified in the relevant Issue Terms 
is:  
(a)  the Equity, the amount specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms; or  
(b)  the Worst Equity, with respect to each Equity specified in the Reference Item Table in the 
column entitled "Reference Item(s)", if such Equity is the Worst Equity, the amount set forth in 
the Reference Item Table in the column entitled "Residual Amount" in the row corresponding 
to such Equity; or  
(c)  the Final Worst Performance Equity, with respect to each Equity specified in the Reference 
Item Table in the column entitled "Reference Item(s)", if such Equity is the Final Worst 
Performance Equity, the amount set forth in the Reference Item Table in the column entitled 
"Residual Amount" in the row corresponding to such Equity,  
in each case, being, or if not specified in the relevant Issue Terms, determined as, an amount equal 
to the Number of Reference Items minus the Rounded Number of Reference Items, as determined by 
the Calculation Agent.  
"Residual Cash Amount" means, in respect of each Note and the Deliverable Reference Item, if:  
(a)  "Equity FX Conversion" is specified to be not applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, an 
amount in the Specified Currency determined by the Calculation Agent as (i) the Residual 
Amount in respect of the Deliverable Reference Item, multiplied by (ii) the Physical Delivery 
Price (Final); or  
(b)  "Equity FX Conversion" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, an amount 
in the Specified Currency determined by the Calculation Agent as (i) the Residual Amount in 
respect of the Deliverable Reference Item, multiplied by (ii) the Physical Delivery Price (Final), 
and divided by (iii) the Equity FX Rate.  
The Residual Cash Amount will be determined in respect of each Note without first aggregating the 
entire holding of Notes held by any Holder.  
"Rounded Number of Reference Items" means in respect of each Note and if the Deliverable 
Reference Item specified in the relevant Issue Terms is:  
(a)  the Equity, an amount specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms; or 
(b)  the Worst Equity, with respect to each Equity specified in the Reference Item Table in the 
column entitled "Reference Item(s)" and if such Equity is the Worst Equity, the amount set 
forth in the Reference Item Table in the column entitled "Rounded Number of Reference Items" 
in the row corresponding to such Equity; or  
(c)  the Final Worst Performance Equity, with respect to each Equity specified in the Reference 
Item Table in the column entitled "Reference Item(s)" and if such Equity is the Final Worst 
Performance Equity, the amount set forth in the Reference Item Table in the column entitled 
"Rounded Number of Reference Items" in the row corresponding to such Equity,  
in each case, being, or if not specified in the relevant Issue Terms, determined as, the Number of 
Reference Items rounded down to the nearest whole Equity as determined by the Calculation Agent.  
"Redemption Amount" means the amount determined in accordance with Condition 28 (c).

--- Page 263 ---
260 
 
"Redemption Date" means the Maturity Date.  
"Redemption Reference Item(s)" means each Reference Item specified as such in the relevant Issue 
Terms.  
"Specified Interest Amount" means the amount specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms in 
respect of each Interest Payment Date or, if an Interest Payment Table is set out in the relevant Issue 
Terms, with respect to each Interest Payment Date specified in the Interest Payment Table in the 
column entitled "Interest Payment Date(s)", the amount set forth in the Interest Payment Table in the 
column entitled "Specified Interest Amount" in the row corresponding to such Interest Payment Date.  
"Spread" means an amount specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms.  
"Strike" means an amount specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms.  
"Sum of Previous Interest Amounts" means, in respect of an Interest Payment Date (the "Relevant 
Interest Payment Date"), an amount determined by the Calculation Agent as being equal to the sum 
of all Previous Interest Amounts in respect of each Interest Payment Date preceding the Relevant 
Interest Payment Date.  
"t" means in respect of the Coupon Payment Date immediately following each Coupon Valuation Date 
(for the purposes of this definition of t, the "Relevant Coupon Payment Date"), either (i) the amount 
set forth in the Coupon Payment Table in the column entitled "t" in the row corresponding to such 
Coupon Payment Date or (ii) the number of Coupon Payment Dates falling in the period commencing 
on, but excluding, the Issue Date and ending on, and including, the Relevant Coupon Payment Date, 
as specified in the relevant Issue Terms.  
“Valuation Date” in respect of:  
(a)  a Commodity or a Commodity Index, has the meaning given in Condition 6;  
(b)  an Index, has the meaning given in Condition 7;  
(c)  an Equity, has the meaning given in Condition 8; 
(d)  an FX Rate, has the meaning given in Condition 9; and  
(e)  a Fund, has the meaning given in Condition 10. 
“Valuation Time” in respect of:  
(a)  an Index, has the meaning given in Condition 7;  
(b)  an Equity, has the meaning given in Condition 8; and 
(c)  an FX Rate, has the meaning given in Condition 9.  
"Value(t)" means in respect of a Reference Item and any relevant day, the Reference Item Closing 
Value of such Reference Item or the Reference Item Intra-Day Value in respect of such Reference 
Item on such relevant day, as specified in the relevant Issue Terms.  
"VCA" means an amount specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms.  
"W" means, in respect of a Reference Item, the amount set forth in the column entitled "W" in the row 
corresponding to such Reference Item in the Reference Item Table, or, if different amounts are 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms for such Reference Item and Condition 28(a), Condition 28 (b) 
or Condition 28(c), the amount corresponding to such Reference Item and such Condition.

--- Page 264 ---
261 
 
"Weighted Coupon Strike (High Watermark)" means, in respect of a Coupon Valuation Date and 
each Reference Item in a Basket of Reference Items, an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent 
in accordance with the following formula:  
W × Highest Value (Coupon)
Initial Value
 
"Weighted Coupon Factor Performance" means, in respect of a Coupon Valuation Date and each 
Reference Item in a Basket of Reference Items, an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula:  
W × 
Reference Item Closing Value
Initial Reference Item Closing Value ×  CFDM 
"Weighted Performance" means, in respect of each Reference Item in the Basket of Reference Items, 
if the relevant Issue Terms specify:  
(a)  "Weighted Performance (Value/Initial)" to be applicable, an amount calculated by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula:  
W × 
Value(t)
Initial Value 
(b)  "Weighted Performance (Asset Return)" to be applicable, an amount calculated by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula:  
W × Value(t) −Intial Value
Initial Value
 
"Worst Equity" means, in respect of any relevant day, the Equity with the lowest Asset Return on such 
day, as determined by the Calculation Agent (provided that if two or more Equities have the same 
lowest Asset Return on such day, then the Calculation Agent shall determine which such Equity shall 
be the Worst Equity in its sole and absolute discretion, and such Equity shall be the Worst Equity for 
such day). 
"Worst Final Value" means the Final Value of the Worst Reference Item.  
"Worst Initial Value" means the Initial Value of the Worst Reference Item. 
"Worst Performance Reference Item" means, in respect of any relevant day, the Reference Item with 
the lowest Asset Performance on such day, as determined by the Calculation Agent (provided that if 
two or more Reference Items have the same lowest Asset Performance on such day, then the 
Calculation Agent shall determine which such Reference Item shall be the Worst Performance 
Reference Item in its sole and absolute discretion, and such Reference Item shall be the Worst 
Performance Reference Item for such day).  
"Worst Reference Item" means, in respect of any relevant day, the Reference Item with the lowest 
Asset Return on such day, as determined by the Calculation Agent (provided that if two or more 
Reference Items have the same lowest Asset Return on such day, then the Calculation Agent shall 
determine which such Reference Item shall be the Worst Reference Item in its sole and absolute 
discretion, and such Reference Item shall be the Worst Reference Item for such day).

--- Page 265 ---
262 
 
BELGIAN SECURITIES ANNEX  
ADDITIONAL PROVISIONS FOR BELGIAN SECURITIES 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
Where “Belgian Securities Annex” is specified as applicable in the Issue Terms, then the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes are amended as follows: 
1. 
General 
Where, in the term Terms and Conditions (and this Belgian Securities Annex), 
reference is made to the Issuer making a determination “in its sole and absolute discretion”, 
this should not be read as allowing the Issuer to act other than in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner, and should be read as requiring the Issuer to exercise such 
discretion with a view to replicating as closely as possible the economic position that existed 
prior to the occurrence of the event giving rise to the exercise of such discretion.  
Where, in the Terms and Conditions (and this Belgian Securities Annex), reference is 
made to the Calculation Agent making a determination “in its sole and absolute discretion”, 
this should be read as requiring the Calculation Agent to act in accordance with Condition 
4(m), as supplemented and amended by this Belgian Securities Annex. 
2. 
Condition 4 (Interest and Other Calculations) 
2.1 
Condition 4(o) is deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following: 
“(c) 
Interest on Zero Coupon Notes 
As from the Maturity Date or the date set for early redemption (in 
circumstances where Condition 5(b)(i) does not apply), the Rate of Interest for any 
overdue principal of a Zero Coupon Note shall be a rate per annum (expressed as a 
percentage) equal to the Amortization Yield (as defined in Condition 5(b)(i)(B)).  
2.2 
The definition “Principal Protected” included in Condition 4(m) is deleted.  
2.3 
The definition “Protection Amount” included in Condition 4(m) is deleted in its entirety and 
replaced with the following new definition:  
““Protection Amount” means, in respect of a Series to which a Protection Amount is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, that the Final Redemption Amount will, 
subject to the applicable Issue Terms, in no circumstances be repayable at the stated Maturity 
Date, at less than the percentage of the principal amount of such Notes specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms.  
2.4 
The following definitions are inserted in Condition 4(m): 
““Derivative Component” means the option component or embedded derivative in 
respect of the nominal amount of the Notes or the interest amount due under the Notes.” 
““Derivative Component Market Value” means the market value of the Derivative 
Component (which can be positive or negative), as of the Early Redemption Valuation Date, 
as determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the mark-to-market value of such 
Derivative Component taking into account the time remaining until the scheduled maturity date 
of the Notes and calculated in accordance with generally accepted valuation methods for such 
instrument in the financial markets, provided that any costs incurred by the Issuer in relation 
to the early redemption of the Notes or the termination of any hedging arrangements 
(excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, any negative value of the Derivative Component Market 
Value), shall not be taken into account when determining the Derivative Component Market 
Value.”

--- Page 266 ---
263 
 
““Early Redemption Amount” means, in relation to each Note or Calculation Amount 
(as applicable): 
(i) 
where the event giving rise to the early redemption does not constitute Force Majeure,  
(A) 
its Market Value 1; 
(B) 
its Market Value 2; 
(C) 
its Highest Value (Structured);  
(D) 
its Highest Value (Vanilla);  
(E) 
its Protected Principal Amount; or 
(F) 
an amount per Note or Calculation Amount; 
in each case (i) as specified in the relevant Issue Terms and (ii) without 
prejudice to Condition 5(j) if “Monetisation Option” is specified as being applicable in 
the relevant Issue Terms; or 
(ii) 
where the event giving rise to the early redemption constitutes Force Majeure, an 
amount determined by the Calculation Agent, as of the Early Redemption Valuation 
Date, equal to the fair market value of such Note determined by reference to: 
(A) 
if the Note is actively traded on a regulated market, multilateral trading facility 
or over-the-counter market and where recent observable bid and ask prices 
are available, by reference to such prices; 
(B) 
if the Note is not traded on a regulated market, multilateral trading facility or 
over-the-counter market, or where, in the reasonable determination of the 
Calculation Agent, no recent observable bid and ask prices that represent the 
market value of such Notes are available, by reference to a generally 
accepted valuation method for such instrument in the financial markets,  
and provided that any costs incurred by the Issuer in relation to the early 
redemption of the Notes or the termination of any hedging arrangements (excluding, 
for the avoidance of doubt, any negative mark-to-market value of the Derivative 
Component, if applicable), shall not be taken into account when determining such 
amount.” 
““Early Redemption Valuation Date” means the date on which the Issuer decides 
that it will exercise its option to redeem the Notes early, such date being notified to Noteholders 
in the relevant notice of early redemption.” 
 
 
““Fee Component” means any costs, as notified by the Issuer to the Calculation Agent 
(including but not limited to any structuring costs) which were included in the issue price of the 
relevant Note in an amount equal to the amount of such costs multiplied by the number of days 
from the Early Redemption Valuation Date to the Maturity Date and divided by the number of 
days from the Issue Date until the Maturity Date of such Notes.” 
““Force Majeure” means any force majeure, act of state, or other event or 
circumstance occurring after the Issue Date as a consequence of which the fulfilment of the 
obligations of the Issuer under the Notes has become impossible through the occurrence of 
an external event that is not attributable to the Issuer.” 
““Highest Value (Structured)” means the higher of Market Value 2 and the Protected 
Principal Amount, provided that:

--- Page 267 ---
264 
 
(i) 
any costs incurred by the Issuer in relation to the early redemption of the Notes or the 
termination of any hedging arrangements, shall not be taken into account when 
determining Highest Value (Structured); and 
(ii) 
where Highest Value (Structured) is specified as the relevant Early Redemption 
Amount in the relevant Issue Terms, the Fee Component shall be added to Highest 
Value (Structured).” 
““Highest Value (Vanilla)” means the higher of Market Value 1 and the Protected 
Principal Amount, provided that: 
(i) 
any costs incurred by the Issuer in relation to the early redemption of the Notes or the 
termination of any hedging arrangements, shall not be taken into account when 
determining Highest Value (Vanilla); and 
(ii) 
where Highest Value (Vanilla) is specified as the relevant Early Redemption Amount 
in the relevant Issue Terms, the Fee Component shall be added to Highest Value 
(Vanilla).” 
““Market Value 1” means an amount determined by the Calculation Agent, as of the 
Early Redemption Valuation Date, equal to the fair market value of such Note (including, if so 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, amounts in respect of accrued interest) determined: 
(i) 
if the Note is actively traded on a regulated market, multilateral trading facility or over-
the-counter market and where recent observable bid and ask prices are available, by 
reference to such prices; 
(ii) 
if the Note is not traded on a regulated market, multilateral trading facility or over-the-
counter market and where recent observable bid and ask prices are not available, by 
reference to a generally accepted valuation method for such instrument in the financial 
markets, 
provided that, 
(a)  
any costs incurred by the Issuer in relation to the early redemption of the Notes or the 
termination of any hedging arrangements, shall not be taken into account when 
determining Market Value 1;  
(b) 
where Market Value 1 is specified as the relevant Early Redemption Amount in the 
relevant Issue Terms, the Fee Component shall be added to Market Value 1; and 
(c) 
where used for the purposes of calculating Market Value 1, following an Event of 
Default pursuant to Condition 18 (Events of Defaults) only, in determining the fair 
market value of the Notes, no account shall be taken of the creditworthiness of the 
Issuer, who shall be deemed to be able to perform fully obligations in respect of the 
Notes.” 
““Market Value 2” means an amount determined by the Calculation Agent, as of the 
Early Redemption Valuation Date, equal to the fair market value of such Note (including, if so 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, amounts in respect of accrued interest), which shall 
be the aggregate of (i) the present value of the savings component of the Notes on the Early 
Redemption Valuation Date (as calculated by the Calculation Agent by reference to a generally 
accepted valuation method for such instruments in the financial markets) and (ii) the Derivative 
Component Market Value, provided that, 
(a) 
any costs incurred by the Issuer in relation to the early redemption of the Notes or the 
termination of any hedging arrangements (excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, any 
negative value of the Derivative Component Market Value), shall not be taken into 
account when determining Market Value 2;

--- Page 268 ---
265 
 
(b) 
where Market Value 2 is specified as the relevant Early Redemption Amount in the 
relevant Issue Terms, the Fee Component shall be added to Market Value 2; and 
(c) 
where used for the purposes of calculating Market Value 2, following an Event of 
Default pursuant to Condition 18 (Events of Defaults) only, in determining the fair 
market value of the Notes, no account shall be taken of the creditworthiness of the 
Issuer, who shall be deemed to be able to perform fully obligations in respect of the 
Notes.” 
““Monetisation Amount” means, in respect of a Note, the higher of (i) the Protected 
Principal Amount and (ii) the amount calculated by the Calculation Agent as follows: 
(S + D) x (1 + r)n 
Where:  
“S” is the present value of the Protected Principal Amount of the Notes on the Early 
Redemption Valuation Date (calculated by the Calculation Agent by reference to a generally 
accepted valuation method for such instrument in the financial markets); 
“D” is the Derivative Component Market Value on the Early Redemption Valuation 
Date; 
“r” is a hypothetical annual interest rate that would be applied on an equivalent 
hypothetical debt instrument issued by the Issuer with the same maturity as the remaining 
maturing on the Notes from the date of early redemption until the scheduled maturity date of 
the Notes; and 
“n” is the time remaining until the scheduled maturity date of the Notes, expressed as 
a number of years.”  
““Protected Principal Amount” means an amount, if any, specified as such in the 
relevant Issue Terms in respect of Notes.” 
2.5 
The following new paragraph is added after the last paragraph of Condition 4(m): 
“All calculations and determinations made by the Calculation Agent pursuant to the 
conditions for the purposes of the Notes (including any determinations by the Calculation 
Agent as to the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions for such 
purposes) shall be made in good faith and a commercially reasonable manner and where such 
discretion has an impact on the terms of any Notes, the Calculation Agent shall exercise such 
discretion with a view to replicate as closely as possible the economic position that existed 
prior to the occurrence of the event giving rise to the exercise of such discretion”. 
3. 
Condition 5 (Redemption, Purchase and Options)  
3.1 
Condition 5(b)(i) is deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following: 
“(i) 
Zero Coupon Notes 
(A) 
The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note 
upon redemption of such Note pursuant to Condition 5(c) shall be the higher 
of (i) Market Value 2 and (ii) the Amortized Face Amount (as defined below). 
The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note, 
upon it becoming due and payable as provided in Condition 18, save where 
the early redemption amount for such event is linked to an index or formula, 
shall be the Amortized Face Amount (as defined below). 
(B) 
Subject to the provisions of sub-paragraph (C) below, the Amortized Face 
Amount of any such Note shall be equal to the scheduled Final Redemption

--- Page 269 ---
266 
 
Amount of such Note on the Maturity Date discounted at a rate per annum 
(expressed as a percentage) equal to the Amortization Yield (as specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms or if none is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, the Amortization Yield shall be such rate as would produce an 
Amortized Face Amount equal to the issue price of the Notes if the Final 
Redemption Amount were discounted back at such rate from the Maturity 
Date to the Issue Date) compounded annually. 
(C)  
If the Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any such Note upon it 
becoming due and payable as provided in Condition 18 is not paid when due, 
the Early Redemption Amount due and payable in respect of such Note shall 
be the Amortized Face Amount of such Note as defined in sub-paragraph (B) 
above, except that such sub-paragraph shall have effect as though the 
reference therein to the date on which the Note becomes due and payable 
were replaced by a reference to the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 
16(b)). The calculation of the Amortized Face Amount in accordance with this 
subparagraph shall continue to be made (both before and after judgment) until 
the Relevant Date, unless the Relevant Date falls on or after the Maturity 
Date, in which case the amount due and payable shall be the scheduled Final 
Redemption Amount of such Note on the Maturity Date together with any 
interest that may accrue in accordance with Condition 4(o). 
Where any such calculation is to be made for a period of less than 
one year, it shall be made on the basis of the Day Count Fraction specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms.” 
3.2 
Condition 5(b)(iii) is deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following: 
 
“(iii)  
Other Notes 
The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Note (other than the 
Notes described in (i) and (ii) above), upon it becoming due and payable as provided 
in Condition 18 shall be the Final Redemption Amount unless otherwise specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms. The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any 
Note (other than the Notes described in (i) and (ii) above) upon redemption of such 
Note pursuant to Condition 5(c) shall be the Early Redemption Amount as specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms for such event.” 
3.3 
A new Condition 5(j) is added as follows: 
“(j) 
Monetisation Option 
If “Monetisation Option” is specified in the relevant Issue Terms as being applicable, 
and an event occurs as a consequence of which the Issuer exercises its right to 
redeem the Notes at the applicable Early Redemption Amount: 
(i) 
the Noteholder shall receive, on the Maturity Date (and notwithstanding the 
early redemption notice) the Monetisation Amount, unless the Noteholder 
elects, in accordance with this Condition 5(j), to receive the Early Redemption 
Amount on the date fixed for early redemption of the Notes; and 
(ii) 
the Issuer’s notice of early redemption must include the following: 
(A) 
the cut-off date and time for each Noteholder to elect to receive the 
Early Redemption Amount on the date fixed for early redemption of 
the Notes; 
(B) 
the instructions to allow such Noteholder to make such election, 
substantially in accordance with the paragraph below; and 
(C) 
the Early Redemption Amount Valuation Date;

--- Page 270 ---
267 
 
(D) 
the Early Redemption Amount; 
(E) 
the amount calculated by the Calculation Agent as the Monetisation 
Amount; and 
(F) 
a confirmation that, in the absence of making an election to receive 
the Early Redemption Amount, such Noteholder will receive the 
Monetisation Amount on the Maturity Date. 
In order to elect to receive the Early Redemption Amount on the date fixed for early 
redemption of the Notes, a Noteholder must no later than the cut-off date and time set 
out in the Issuer’s notice of early redemption, give notice to the Issuer with a copy to 
the Principal Paying Agent in accordance with Condition 22 (Notices), and, on or prior 
to the date on which such notice is given, deposit the Note or Notes in respect of which 
such notice is given (together, in the case of an interest bearing Definitive Note, with 
any unmatured Coupons appertaining thereto) with, in the case of a Bearer Note, any 
Paying Agent, or, in the case of a Registered Note, the Registrar. 
4. 
Condition 7 (Index Linked Notes) 
4.1 
Condition 7(c)(ii)(B) is deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following new Condition 
7(c)(ii)(B): 
“(B) 
provided any such Index Adjustment Event (after taking into account any action of the 
Calculation Agent possible, if any, pursuant to paragraph (A) above) renders the 
continuation of the Notes impossible, or alters the economics of the Notes compared 
to those at the Issue Date significantly, give notice to the Noteholders in accordance 
with Condition 22 and redeem all, but not some only, of the Notes, each nominal 
amount of Notes equal to the Calculation Amount being redeemed at the Early 
Redemption Amount.” 
5. 
Condition 8 (Equity Linked Notes) 
5.1 
The first paragraph of Condition 8(c)(i) is deleted in its entirety and replaced by the following 
new first paragraph of Condition 8(c)(i): 
“(i) 
If Potential Adjustment Events are specified as applying in the applicable Issue Terms, 
then following the declaration by an Equity Issuer of the terms of any Potential 
Adjustment Event, the Calculation Agent will, in its sole and absolute discretion, 
determine whether such Potential Adjustment Event has a diluting, concentrative or 
other effect on the theoretical value of the Underlying Equities and, if so, will (a) make 
the corresponding adjustment, if any, to any one or more of the relevant Interest 
Amount and/or the Redemption Amount and/or the Asset Amount and/or the Strike 
Price and/or the Multiplier and/or any of the other terms of these Conditions and/or 
the applicable Issue Terms as the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion 
determines appropriate to account for that diluting, concentrative or other effect with 
a view to produce a commercially reasonable result which will put the Issuer and the 
Noteholder in substantially the same economic position as prior to the relevant 
diluting, concentrative or other effect (provided that no adjustments will be made to 
account solely for changes in volatility, expected dividends, stock loan rate or liquidity 
relative to the relevant Underlying Equity) and (b) determine the effective date of that 
adjustment. The Calculation Agent may (but need not) determine the appropriate 
adjustment by reference to the adjustment in respect of such Potential Adjustment 
Event made by an options exchange to options on the Underlying Equities traded on 
that options exchange.” 
5.2 
Paragraphs (A) and (B) of Condition 8(c)(ii) are deleted in their entirety and replaced by the 
following new paragraphs (A) and (B): 
“(A) 
require the Calculation Agent to determine the appropriate adjustment, if any, to be 
made to any one or more of the relevant Interest Amount and/or the Redemption

--- Page 271 ---
268 
 
Amount and/or the Asset Amount and/or the Strike Price and/or the Multiplier and/or 
any of the other terms of these Conditions and/or the applicable Issue Terms to 
account for that De-listing, Merger Event, Tender Offer, Nationalization or Insolvency, 
as the case may be, with a view to produce a commercially reasonable result which 
will put the Issuer and the Noteholder in substantially the same economic position as 
prior to the relevant De-listing, Merger Event, Tender Offer, Nationalization or 
Insolvency, and determine the effective date of any such modification or adjustment. 
The relevant adjustments may in the case of adjustments following a Merger Event or 
Tender Offer include, without limitation, adjustments to account for changes in 
volatility, expected dividends, stock loan rate or liquidity relevant to the Underlying 
Equities; or 
(B) 
provided any such De-listing, Merger Event, Nationalization, Insolvency or Tender 
Offer, if specified as applying in the applicable Issue Terms, and as the case may be, 
(after taking into account any determination of the Calculation Agent, if any, pursuant 
to paragraph (A) above) renders the continuation of the Notes impossible, or alters 
the economics of the Notes compared to those at the Issue Date significantly, give 
notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 22 and redeem all, but not 
some only, of the Notes, each nominal amount of Notes equal to the Calculation 
Amount being redeemed at the Early Redemption Amount.” 
6. 
Condition 9 (FX Linked Notes) 
6.1 
In Condition 9(a): 
(a) 
the definition of “FX Price Source Disruption” is deleted in its entirety and replaced 
with the following new definition: 
““FX Price Source Disruption” means it becomes unlawful or impossible 
using commercially reasonable efforts, for reasons outside the control of the Issuer 
and/or the Calculation Agent, to obtain and/or execute the relevant rate(s) required to 
calculate the Currency Price on the Averaging Date or Valuation Date or other relevant 
date, or, if different, the day on which rates for Averaging Date or Valuation Date or 
other relevant date, as the case may be, would in the ordinary course be published or 
announced by the relevant FX Price Source”.  
(b) 
the definition of “Inconvertibility Event” is deleted in its entirety and replaced with the 
following new definition: 
““Inconvertibility Event” means the occurrence, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion, of any action, event or 
circumstance whatsoever which, from a legal or practical perspective: 
(i)  
makes it impossible for the Issuer (i) to convert the relevant Subject Currency 
into the Base Currency, or (ii) transfer the Subject Currency or the Base 
Currency to countries other than the countries for which the Subject Currency 
or the Base Currency, as the case may be, is the lawful currency other than 
where such impossibility is due solely to the failure of the Issuer to comply 
with any law, rule or regulation enacted by any Governmental Authority 
(unless such law, rule or regulation is enacted after the Issue Date and it is 
impossible for the Issuer, due to an event beyond its control, to comply with 
such law, rule or regulation); and /or 
(ii) 
results in the unavailability of any relevant Base Currency or Subject Currency 
in the interbank foreign exchange market in any Specified Financial Centre(s) 
in accordance with normal commercial practice.”  
(c) 
the definition of “Non-Transferability Event” is deleted in its entirety and replaced with 
the following new definition:

--- Page 272 ---
269 
 
““Non-Transferability Event” means the occurrence, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion, of any event that makes it 
impossible for the Issuer to deliver (a) the Base Currency from accounts inside the 
Subject Currency Jurisdiction to accounts outside the Subject Currency Jurisdiction 
or (b) the Subject Currency between accounts inside the Subject Currency Jurisdiction 
or to a party that is non-resident of the Subject Currency jurisdiction, other than where 
such impossibility is due solely to the failure of the Issuer to comply with any law, rule 
or regulation enacted by any Governmental Authority (unless such law, rule or 
regulation is enacted after the Issue Date and it is impossible for the Issuer, due to an 
event beyond its control, to comply with such law, rule or regulation).” 
6.2 
Condition 9(h)(iii) is deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following new Condition 
9(h)(iii): 
“(iii) 
Notwithstanding paragraph (ii) above but subject to paragraph (iv) below, the 
Calculation Agent may (to the extent permitted by applicable law), in good faith and in 
its sole and absolute discretion select such other exchange rate or other basis for the 
conversion of an amount of the Original Currency to the Successor Currency and will 
make such adjustment(s) that it determines to be appropriate, if any, to any variable, 
calculation methodology, valuation, settlement, payment terms or any other terms in 
respect of the Notes to account for such elimination, conversion, redenomination or 
exchange of the Subject Currency or Base Currency; and” 
6.3 
Condition 9(i) is deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following new Condition 9(i): 
“(i) 
Rebasing of Notes 
If the applicable Issue Terms specify that “Rebasing” is applicable, then if, on 
or prior to any Valuation Date or Averaging Date or any other relevant date, the 
Calculation Agent is unable to obtain a value for a Subject Currency (because the 
Subject Currency and/or Base currency ceases to exist, or for any other reason other 
than a temporary disruption, as determined by the Calculation Agent), the Calculation 
Agent may rebase the Notes against another foreign exchange rate determined by 
the Calculation Agent (acting in a commercially reasonable matter and by reference 
to the overall practice in the market at such time) to be a comparable foreign exchange 
rate. If no comparable foreign exchange rate has been identified within 10 Business 
Days from the time where the Calculation Agent was unable to obtain a value for a 
Subject Currency, the Issuer may give notice to Holders in accordance with Condition 
22 and redeem all, but not less than all, of the Notes, each nominal amount of Notes 
equal to the Calculation Amount being redeemed at the Early Redemption Amount.” 
7. 
Condition 10 (Fund Linked Notes) 
7.1 
In Condition 10(d)(i) the following proviso 
“require the Calculation Agent to make such determinations and/or adjustments to the 
Conditions and/or the applicable Issue Terms as it determines appropriate to account 
for the Fund Event, which may include, without limitation” 
is deleted and replaced by the following new proviso: 
“(i) require the Calculation Agent to make such determinations and/or 
adjustments to the Conditions and/or the applicable Issue Terms as it determines 
appropriate to account for that Fund Event with a view to produce a commercially 
reasonable result which will put the Issuer and the Noteholder in substantially the 
same economic position as prior to the relevant Fund Event, which may include, 
without limitation:” 
7.2 
Condition 10(d)(ii) is deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following

--- Page 273 ---
270 
 
“provided any that if any such Fund Event (after taking into account any determinations 
and/or adjustments to the Conditions and/or the applicable Issue Terms by the 
Calculation Agent, if any, pursuant to paragraph (i) above) renders the continuation of 
the Notes impossible, or alters the economics of the Notes compared to those at the 
Issue Date significantly, give notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 
22 and redeem all (but not less than all) of the Notes, each Note being redeemed at 
the Early Redemption Amount.” 
7.3 
In Condition 10(e), the following proviso: 
“Following the declaration by a Fund of the terms of any Fund Potential Adjustment 
Event, the Calculation Agent will, in its sole and absolute discretion, determine 
whether such Fund Potential Adjustment Event has a diluting, concentrative or other 
effect on the theoretical value of the relevant Fund Interest and, if so, will make the 
corresponding adjustment, if any, to any one or more of any of the terms of the 
Conditions and/or the applicable Issue Terms as the Calculation Agent in its sole and 
absolute discretion, determines appropriate to account for that diluting, concentrative 
or other effect (provided that no adjustments will be made to account solely for 
changes in volatility, expected dividends or liquidity relative to the relevant Fund 
Interest) and determine the effective date of that adjustment.” 
is deleted and replaced by the following new proviso: 
“Following the declaration by a Fund of the terms of any Fund Potential Adjustment 
Event, the Calculation Agent will determine whether such Fund Potential Adjustment 
Event has a diluting, concentrative or other effect on the theoretical value of the 
relevant Fund Interest and, if so, will make the corresponding adjustment, if any, to 
any one or more of any of the terms of the Conditions and/or the applicable Issue 
Terms as the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion determines 
appropriate to account for that diluting, concentrative or other effect (provided that no 
adjustments will be made to account solely for changes in volatility, expected 
dividends or liquidity relative to the relevant Fund Interest) with a view to produce a 
commercially reasonable result which will put the Issuer and the Noteholder in 
substantially the same economic position as prior to that diluting, concentrative or 
other effect, and determine the effective date of that adjustment.” 
7.4 
In Condition 10(i) the following proviso: 
“Following a Potential Adjustment Event, the Calculation Agent will, in its sole and 
absolute discretion, determine whether such Potential Adjustment Event has a diluting 
or concentrative effect on the theoretical value of the relevant Fund Shares and, if so, 
will (a) make the corresponding adjustment(s), if any, to any one or more of the terms 
of the Conditions and/or the applicable Issue Terms as the Calculation Agent 
determines appropriate to account for that diluting or concentrative effect and (b) 
determine the effective date(s) of that adjustment(s). The Calculation Agent may, but 
need not, determine the appropriate adjustment(s) by reference to the adjustment(s) 
in respect of such Potential Adjustment Event made by an options exchange to options 
on the relevant Fund Shares traded on such options exchange.” 
is deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following new proviso: 
“Following a Potential Adjustment Event, the Calculation Agent will, in its sole and 
absolute discretion, determine whether such Potential Adjustment Event has a diluting 
or concentrative effect on the theoretical value of the relevant Fund Shares and, if so, 
will (a) make the corresponding adjustment(s), if any, to any or more of any or more 
of the terms of the Conditions and/or the applicable Issue Terms as the Calculation 
Agent determines appropriate to account for that diluting or concentrative effect with 
a view to produce a commercially reasonable result which will put the Issuer and the 
Noteholder in substantially the same economic position as prior to the relevant diluting 
or concentrative effect, and (b) determine the effective date(s) of that adjustment(s). 
The Calculation Agent may, but need not, determine the appropriate adjustment(s) by

--- Page 274 ---
271 
 
reference to the adjustment(s) in respect of such Potential Adjustment Event made by 
an options exchange to options on the relevant Fund Shares traded on such options 
exchange.” 
7.5 
In the definition of “Material Underlying Event” in Condition 10(j), paragraph (c) is deleted in 
its entirety.  
7.6 
In the definition of “Material Underlying Event” in Condition 10(j), paragraph (d) is deleted in 
its entirety and replaced by the following new paragraph (d): 
“(d) 
any other event occurs in relation to the ETF and/or the Fund Shares which is 
materially prejudicial in connection with the continuation of the issue of the Notes,” 
7.7 
In Condition 10(j), the following proviso: 
“If a De-Listing, Merger Event, Tender Offer, Nationalization, Insolvency or Material 
Underlying Event occurs in relation to any Fund Share, the Issuer in its sole and 
absolute discretion may take the action described in (a), (b) or (c) below:” 
is deleted and replaced by the following new proviso: 
“If a De-Listing, Merger Event, Tender Offer, Nationalization, Insolvency or Material 
Underlying Event occurs in relation to any Fund Share, the Issuer in its sole and 
absolute discretion may take the action described in (a) or (b) below:” 
and the paragraphs (a) and (b) below such proviso are replaced by the following new 
paragraphs (a) and (b): 
“(a)  
require the Calculation Agent, in its sole and absolute discretion, to determine 
the appropriate adjustment(s), if any, to be made to any one or more of the 
terms of the Conditions and/or the applicable Issue Terms to account for the 
De-Listing, Merger Event, Tender Offer, Nationalization, Insolvency or 
Material Underlying Event, as the case may be, with a view to produce a 
commercially reasonable result which will put the Issuer and the Noteholder 
in substantially the same economic position as prior to the relevant De-Listing, 
Merger Event, Tender Offer, Nationalization, Insolvency or Material 
Underlying Event, and determine the effective date(s) of that adjustment(s). 
The Calculation Agent may (but need not) determine the appropriate 
adjustment(s) by reference to the adjustment(s) in respect of the De- Listing, 
Merger Event, Tender Offer, Nationalization, Insolvency or Material 
Underlying Event made by any options exchange to options on the relevant 
Fund Share traded on that options exchange, and determine the effective date 
of any such modification or adjustment; or 
(b) 
provided any such De-Listing, Merger Event, Tender Offer, Nationalization, 
Insolvency or Material Underlying Event, as the case may be (after taking into 
account any adjustments by the Calculation Agent, if any, pursuant to 
paragraph (a) above) renders the continuation of the Notes impossible, or 
alters the economics of the Notes compared to those at the Issue Date 
significantly, give notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 22, 
and redeem all, but not less than all, of the Notes, each nominal amount of 
Notes equal to the Calculation Amount being redeemed at the Early 
Redemption Amount, taking into account the Merger Event, Tender Offer, De-
listing, Nationalization, Insolvency or Material Underlying Event, as the case 
may be, all as determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute 
discretion.” 
and the paragraph (c) below such paragraphs is deleted in its entirety.

--- Page 275 ---
272 
 
8. 
Condition 11 (Inflation Linked Notes) 
8.1 
Paragraph (d) of Condition 11(b)(ii) is deleted in its entirety and replaced by the following new 
paragraph (d): 
“(d) 
if no replacement index or Successor Inflation Index has been deemed under 
paragraphs (a), (b) or (c) above, by the next occurring Cut-Off Date the 
Calculation Agent will determine an appropriate alternative index from such 
Cut-Off Date with a view to produce commercially reasonable result which 
will put the Issuer and the Noteholder in substantially the same economic 
situation as prior to the relevant cessation of publication, and such index will 
be deemed a “Successor Inflation Index”; or” 
9. 
Condition 13 (Additional Disruption Event) 
9.1 
Condition 13(a) is deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following new Condition 13(a): 
“(a) 
Additional Disruption Events 
If Additional Disruption Events are specified as applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms, then if an Additional Disruption Event occurs, the Issuer in its sole and 
absolute discretion may: 
(i) 
require the Calculation Agent to determine in its sole and absolute discretion 
the appropriate adjustment, if any, to be made to any one or more of the 
relevant Interest Amount and/or the Redemption Amount and/or the Asset 
Amount and/or the Strike Price and/or the Multiplier and/or any of the other 
terms of these Conditions and/or the applicable Issue Terms to account for 
the Additional Disruption Event with a view to restore the economic balance 
to that which would have existed had such Additional Disruption Event not 
occurred, and determine the effective date of that adjustment; or 
(ii) 
provided such Additional Disruption Event renders the continuation of the 
Notes impossible, or alters the economics of the Notes compared to those at 
the Issue Date significantly, give notice to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 22 and redeem all, but not some only, of the Notes, each nominal 
amount of Notes equal to the Calculation Amount being redeemed at the Early 
Redemption Amount on the tenth Business Day immediately following the 
date on which such determination is made by the Calculation Agent.  
Upon the occurrence of an Additional Disruption Event, the Issuer 
shall give notice as soon as practicable to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 22 stating the occurrence of the Additional Disruption Event as the 
case may be, giving details thereof and the action proposed to be taken in 
relation thereto.” 
9.2 
In Condition 13(c),  
(a) 
the definition of “Additional Disruption Event” is deleted in its entirety and replaced 
with the following new definition: 
““Additional Disruption Event” means with respect to any Series of Notes any of (i) 
Change in Law, (ii) (in the case of Equity Linked Notes and Preference Share Linked 
Notes only) Insolvency Filing, and/or (iii) any further event of events as may be 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, in each case if specified as applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms. 
Notwithstanding anything else in the Conditions, no event(s) shall constitute an 
Additional Disruption Event unless (i) such event or combination of events has had, 
or can be expected to have, a material adverse effect on the Notes by significantly

--- Page 276 ---
273 
 
altering the economic objective and rationale of the Notes from those that existed on 
the Issue Date and (ii) the Issuer is not responsible for the occurrence of such 
event(s).” 
(b) 
the definition of “Fund Hedging Disruption”, “Hedging Disruption”, “Hedging 
Shares”, “Increased cost of Hedging”, “Increased Cost of Stock Borrow”, “Loss 
of Stock Borrow” and “Maximum Stock Loan Rate” are deleted in their entirety.  
10. 
Condition 14 (Physical Delivery) 
10.1 
Condition 14 (e) (but not the definition of “Affiliate” and “Failure to Deliver Settlement Price”) 
is deleted in its entirety.

--- Page 277 ---
274 
 
FORMS OF NOTES 
The Notes of each Series will be in either bearer form or registered form. Bearer Notes will only be 
issued outside the United States in reliance on Regulation S and Registered Notes may be issued 
outside the United States in reliance on Regulation S and/or within the United States in reliance on 
Rule 144A. 
Form of the Notes 
Bearer Notes 
Each tranche of Notes in bearer form (“Bearer Notes”) will be issued in compliance with requirements 
necessary to qualify such Notes as “foreign targeted obligations” that will be exempt from Code Section 
4701 excise tax.  In order to comply with such requirements, Bearer Notes with a maturity of more than 
one year will be issued in compliance with, or rules substantially identical to U.S. Treasury Regulation 
§1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) or rules substantially identical thereto (such rules, the “D Rules”) unless (i) the 
applicable Issue Terms states that the Bearer Notes are issued in compliance with U.S. Treasury 
Regulation §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) or rules substantially identical thereto (the “C Rules”) or (ii) the Bearer 
Notes are issued other than in compliance with the D Rules or the C Rules but in circumstances in 
which the Bearer Notes will not constitute “registration required obligations” under section 4701(b) of 
the United States Internal Revenue Code (an “Excluded Issue”), which circumstances will be referred 
to in the applicable Issue Terms as an Excluded Issue. 
Each Tranche of Bearer Notes having an original maturity of more than one year and being issued in 
compliance with the D Rules will initially be represented by a temporary global note (a “Temporary 
Global Note”) without receipts, interest coupons or talons or, if so specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms  (including Bearer Notes having an original maturity of one year or less) by a permanent global 
note (a “Permanent Global Note” and together with the Temporary Global Note, the “Global Bearer 
Notes”), without receipts, interest coupons or talons, which, in either case, will:  
(i) if the Global Bearer Notes are intended to be issued in new global note (“NGN”) form, as 
stated in the applicable Issue Terms, be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the 
Tranche to a common safekeeper (a “Common Safekeeper”) for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg; and  
(ii) if the Global Bearer Notes are not intended to be issued in NGN form or are Exchangeable 
Bearer Notes, be delivered on or prior to the issue date thereof to a common depositary (the 
“Common Depositary”) on behalf of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other 
agreed clearing system.   
If the Global Bearer Note is not an NGN, upon the initial deposit of the Global Bearer Note with a 
Common Depositary, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg will credit each subscriber with a nominal 
amount of Notes equal to the nominal amount thereof for which it has subscribed and paid.  If the 
Global Bearer Note is an NGN, the nominal amount of the Notes shall be the aggregate amount from 
time to time entered in the records of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg.  The records of such 
clearing system shall be conclusive evidence of the nominal amount of Notes represented by the 
Global Bearer Note and a statement issued by such clearing system at any time shall be conclusive 
evidence of the records of the relevant clearing system at that time. 
Tranches intended to be delivered to an alternate clearing system or outside a clearing system shall 
be delivered as agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s). Notes that are initially deposited 
with the Common Depositary may also be credited to the accounts of subscribers with (if indicated in 
the applicable Issue Terms) other clearing systems through direct or indirect accounts with Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg held by such other clearing systems. Conversely, Notes that are initially 
deposited with any other clearing system may similarly be credited to the accounts of subscribers with 
Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or other clearing systems. 
While any Note is represented by a Temporary Global Note, payments of principal, interest (if any) and 
any other amount payable in respect of the Notes due prior to an Exchange Date (defined below) will 
be made (against presentation if the Temporary Global Note is not intended to be issued in NGN form)

--- Page 278 ---
275 
 
only to the extent that certification (in a form to be provided) to the effect that the beneficial owners of 
interests in such Note are not United States Persons or persons who have purchased for resale to any 
United States Person, as required by U.S. Treasury regulations, has been received by Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream Luxembourg and Euroclear and/or Clearstream Luxembourg, as applicable, has 
given a like certification (based on certifications it has received) to the Fiscal Agent. 
Exchange 
1. 
Temporary Global Notes 
Each Temporary Global Note will be exchangeable, free of charge to the holder, on or after its 
Exchange Date: 
(a) 
in whole or in part for interests in a Permanent Global Note of the same Series or,  
(b) 
if so provided in the applicable Issue Terms, for Notes in definitive form (“Definitive Bearer 
Notes”) of the same Series with, where applicable receipts, interest coupons and talons 
attached (as indicated in the applicable Issue Terms);  
in each case against certification of beneficial ownership as described above, unless such certification 
has been given. 
Each Temporary Global Note that is also an Exchangeable Bearer Note will, in addition to any 
Permanent Global Note or Definitive Notes for which it may be exchangeable, be exchangeable for 
Registered Notes in accordance with the Conditions and, before its Exchange Date, will also be 
exchangeable in whole or in part for Registered Notes only. 
The holder of a Temporary Global Note will not be entitled to collect any payment of interest, principal 
or other amount due on or after the Exchange Date unless, upon due certification, exchange of a 
Temporary Global Note for an interest in a Permanent Global Note or for Definitive Bearer Global 
Notes or Registered Notes is improperly withheld or refused. 
2. 
Permanent Global Notes 
The applicable Issue Terms will specify that a Permanent Global Note will be exchangeable (free of 
charge), in whole but not, except as provided under “Partial Exchange of Permanent Global Notes”, in 
part for Definitive Notes with, where applicable, receipts, interest coupons and talons attached, or, in 
the case of 2(b) below, Registered Notes: 
(a) 
where the applicable Issue Terms provides that the Notes will have only one Specified 
Denomination and that such Permanent Global Note is exchangeable at the request of the 
holder, by the holder giving notice to the Fiscal Agent of its election for such exchange; 
(b) 
if the Permanent Global Note is an Exchangeable Bearer Note, by the holder giving notice to 
the Fiscal Agent of its election to exchange the whole or a part of such Permanent Global Note 
for Registered Notes; and 
(c) 
otherwise, (1) if the Permanent Global Note is held on behalf of Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or any other clearing system (an “Alternative Clearing System”) and any such 
clearing system is closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason 
of holidays, statutory or otherwise) or announces an intention permanently to cease business 
or in fact does so or (2) an Event of Default (as defined in the Conditions) has occurred and is 
continuing, by the holder giving notice to the Fiscal Agent of its election for such exchange (an 
“Exchange Event”). 
In the event that a Permanent Global Note is exchanged for Definitive Notes, such Definitive Notes 
shall be issued in Specified Denomination(s) only.  A Noteholder who holds a principal amount of less 
than the minimum Specified Denomination will not receive a Definitive Note in respect of such holding 
and would need to purchase a principal amount of Notes such that it holds an amount equal to at least 
the minimum Specified Denomination.

--- Page 279 ---
276 
 
In the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
(acting on the instructions of any holder of an interest in such Permanent Global Note) may give notice 
to the Fiscal Agent requesting exchange. Any such exchange shall occur not later than 45 calendar 
days after the date of receipt of the first relevant notice by the Fiscal Agent. 
Payments of principal, interest or any other amounts on a Permanent Global Note will be made outside 
the United States through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (against presentation or 
surrender (as the case may be) of the Permanent Global Note if the Permanent Global note is not 
intended to be issued in NGN form) without any requirement for certification. 
3. 
Partial Exchange of Permanent Global Notes 
For so long as a permanent Global Note is held on behalf of a clearing system and the rules of that 
clearing system permit, such permanent Global Note will be exchangeable in part on one or more 
occasions (1) for Registered Notes if the permanent Global Note is an Exchangeable Bearer Note and 
the part submitted for exchange is to be exchanged for Registered Notes, or (2) for Definitive Notes (i) 
on the occurrence of an Exchange Event or (ii) if so provided in, and in accordance with, the Conditions 
relating to Partly Paid Notes. 
Delivery of Notes 
If the Global Note is not in NGN form, on or after any due date for exchange the holder of a Global 
Note may surrender such Global Note or, in the case of a partial exchange, present it for endorsement 
to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent. In exchange for any Global Note, or the part thereof to be 
exchanged, the Issuer will (i) in the case of a Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a Permanent 
Global Note, deliver, or procure the delivery of, a Permanent Global Note in an aggregate Nominal 
Amount equal to that of the whole or that part of a Temporary Global Note that is being exchanged or, 
in the case of a subsequent exchange, endorse, or procure the endorsement of, a Permanent Global 
Note to reflect such exchange or (ii) in the case of a Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes or 
Registered Notes, deliver, or procure the delivery of, an equal aggregate Nominal Amount of duly 
executed and authenticated Definitive Notes and/or Certificates, as the case may be.   
If the Global Note is in NGN form, on or after any due date for exchange, the Issuer will procure that 
details of such exchange be entered pro rata in the records of the relevant clearing system.   
Definitive Notes will be security printed and Certificates will be printed in accordance with any 
applicable legal and stock exchange requirements in or substantially in the form set out in the 
Schedules to the Agency Agreement.  
“Exchange Date” means, in relation to (i) a Temporary Global Note, the first day falling on or after the 
day that is 40 days after the later of the commencement of the offering and the relevant issue date, or 
(ii) in relation to a Permanent Global Note, a specified day falling not less than 60 days, or in the case 
of an exchange for Registered Notes five days, or in the case of failure to pay principal in respect of 
any Notes when due 30 days, after that on which the notice requiring exchange is given, which day is, 
in each case, a day on which banks are open for business in the city in which the specified office of 
the Fiscal Agent is located and, except in the case of exchange of a Temporary Global Note, in the 
city in which the relevant clearing system is located. 
Registered Notes 
Registered Notes may be offered and sold in reliance on Regulation S or in reliance on Rule 144A. 
Registered Notes offered and sold in reliance on Regulation S may only be offered and sold to non-
U.S. persons outside the United States and will initially be represented by a global note in registered 
form, without receipts, interest coupons or talons (an “Unrestricted Global Certificate”).  The 
Unrestricted Global Certificate will be deposited with a common depositary or depositary, as the case 
may be, for, and registered in the name of a common nominee or nominee of, Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or such other clearing system as may be agreed between the Issuer and 
the relevant Dealer and specified in the Issue Terms. Prior to expiry of the Distribution Compliance 
Period (as defined in “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”) applicable to each Tranche of Notes, 
beneficial interests in an Unrestricted Global Certificate may not be offered or sold to, or for the account

--- Page 280 ---
277 
 
or benefit of, a U.S. person save as otherwise provided in Condition 2 and may not be held otherwise 
than through Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg (or such other clearing system as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer and specified in the Issue Terms) and such Regulation S 
Global Note will bear a legend regarding such restrictions on transfer. 
Registered Notes offered and sold in reliance on Rule 144A may only be offered and sold to QIBs and 
will be represented by a global note in registered form, without receipts, interest coupons or talons (a 
“Restricted Global Certificate”) and, together with an Unrestricted Global Certificate, the “Global 
Certificates”) which will be deposited with a custodian for, and registered in the name of a nominee 
of, DTC. 
Individual Certificates will only be available, in the case of Notes initially represented by an Unrestricted 
Global Certificate, in amounts specified in the applicable Issue Terms, and, in the case of Notes initially 
represented by a Restricted Global Certificate, in amounts of US$200,000 (or its equivalent in another 
currency as at the date of issue of the Notes) rounded upwards as agreed between the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer(s), or integral multiples of US$1,000 in excess thereof, in certain limited circumstances.  
The minimum denomination of each Definitive N Registered Note will be not less than €200,000 (or its 
equivalent in another currency as at the date of issue of the Notes) as stated in the applicable Issue 
Terms. 
Unrestricted Global Certificates 
If the applicable Issue Terms states that the Notes are to be represented by a permanent Unrestricted 
Global Certificate on issue, transfers of the holding of Notes represented by any Unrestricted Global 
Certificate pursuant to Condition 2(b) may only be made in part for Individual Certificates: 
(a) 
if the Notes represented by the Unrestricted Global Certificate are held on behalf of Euroclear 
or Clearstream, Luxembourg or an Alternative Clearing System and any such clearing system 
is closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of holidays, 
statutory or otherwise) or announces an intention permanently to cease business or does in 
fact do so; or 
(b) 
an Event of Default (as defined in the Conditions) has occurred and is continuing; or  
(c) 
with the consent of the Issuer,  
provided that, in the case of the first transfer of part of a holding pursuant to (a) or (b) above, the 
Registered Holder has given the Registrar not less than 30 days’ notice at its specified office of the 
Registered Holder’s intention to effect such transfer. 
Restricted Global Certificates 
If the applicable Issue Terms states that the Notes are to be represented by a permanent Restricted 
Global Certificate on issue, transfers of the holding of Notes represented by any Restricted Global 
Certificate pursuant to Condition 2(b) may only be made in part for Individual Certificates: 
(a) 
if DTC notifies the Issuer that it is no longer willing or able to discharge properly its 
responsibilities as depositary with respect to that Restricted Global Certificate or DTC ceases 
to be a “clearing agency” registered under the Exchange Act or is at any time no longer eligible 
to act as such, and the Issuer is unable to locate a qualified successor within 90 days of 
receiving notice of such ineligibility on the part of DTC; or 
(b) 
an Event of Default (as defined in the Conditions) has occurred and is continuing; or 
(c) 
with the consent of the Issuer; or 
(i) 
a written order containing instructions and such other information as the Issuer and 
the Registrar may require to complete, execute and deliver such individual 
Certificates; and

--- Page 281 ---
278 
 
(ii) 
in the case of a Restricted Global Certificate only, a fully completed, signed 
certification substantially to the effect that the exchanging holder is not transferring its 
interest at the time of such exchange, or in the case of a simultaneous resale pursuant 
to Rule 144A, a certification that the transfer is being made to a qualified institutional 
buyer in compliance with the provisions of Rule 144A.  Individual Certificates issued 
pursuant to this paragraph (ii) shall bear the legends applicable to transfers pursuant 
to Rule 144A, 
provided that, in the case of the first transfer of part of a holding pursuant to (a) and (b) above, the 
Registered Holder has given the Registrar not less than 30 days’ notice at its specified office of the 
Registered Holder’s intention to effect such transfer. Individual Certificates issued in exchange for a 
beneficial interest in a Restricted Global Certificate shall bear the legend applicable to such Notes as 
set out in “Subscription and Sale”. 
Whenever the Global Registered Note is to be exchanged for Individual Certificates, the Issuer shall 
procure that Individual Certificates will be issued in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal 
amount of the Global Certificate within five Business Days of the delivery by or on behalf of the 
registered holder of the Global Certificate to the Registrar of such information as is required to 
complete and deliver such Individual Certificates (including, without limitation, the names and 
addresses of the persons in whose names the Individual Certificates are to be registered and the 
principal amount of each such person’s holding) against the surrender of the Global Certificate at the 
specified office of the Registrar. 
Such exchange will be effected in accordance with the provisions of the Agency Agreement and the 
regulations concerning the transfer and registration of Notes scheduled thereto and, in particular, shall 
be effected without charge to any holder, but against such indemnity as the Registrar may require in 
respect of any tax or other duty of whatsoever nature which may be levied or imposed in connection 
with such exchange. 
If: 
(a) Individual Certificates have not been delivered by 5.00 p.m. (London time) on the thirtieth calendar 
day after they are due to be issued and delivered in accordance with the terms of the Global Certificate; 
or 
(b) any of the Notes represented by a Global Certificate (or any part of it) has become due and payable 
in accordance with the Terms and Conditions of the Notes or the date for final redemption of the Notes 
has occurred and, in either case, payment in full of the amount of principal falling due with all accrued 
interest thereon has not been made to the holder of the Global Certificate in accordance with the terms 
of the Global Certificate on the due date for payment, 
then the Global Certificate (including the obligation to deliver Individual Certificates) will become void 
at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on such thirtieth calendar day (in the case of (a) immediately above) or at 
5.00 p.m. (London time) on such due date (in the case of (b) immediately above) and the holder of the 
Global Certificate will have no further rights thereunder (but without prejudice to the rights which the 
holder of the Global Certificate or others may have under the Deed of Covenant). Under the Deed of 
Covenant, persons shown in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any 
other relevant clearing system as being entitled to an interest in a Global Certificate will acquire directly 
against the Issuer all those rights to which they would have been entitled if, immediately before the 
Global Certificate became void, they had been the holders of Individual Certificates in an aggregate 
principal amount equal to the principal amount of Notes they were shown as holding in the records of 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system. 
Definitive N Registered Notes 
Definitive N Registered Notes will be issued to each holder (unless otherwise specified in the 
applicable Pricing Supplement) by a Definitive N Registered Notes Deed.

--- Page 282 ---
279 
 
Transfers of Registered Notes  
Transfers of interests in Global Certificates within Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and DTC will 
be in accordance with the usual rules and operating procedures of the relevant clearing system. The 
laws of some States in the United States require that certain persons take physical delivery in definitive 
form of securities.  Consequently, the ability to transfer interests in a Restricted Global Certificate to 
such persons may be limited.   
Because DTC can only act on behalf of participants, who in turn act on behalf of indirect participants, 
the ability of a person having an interest in a Restricted Global Certificate to pledge such interest to 
persons or entities that do not participate in DTC, or otherwise take actions in respect of such interest, 
may be affected by the lack of a physical certificate in respect of such interest. 
Beneficial interests in an Unrestricted Global Certificate may only be held through Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg.  In the case of Registered Notes to be cleared through Euroclear, 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or DTC, transfers may be made at any time by a holder of an interest 
in an Unrestricted Global Certificate to a transferee who wishes to take delivery of such interest through 
the Restricted Global Certificate for the same Series of Notes provided that any such transfer made 
on or prior to the expiration of the Distribution Compliance Period (as used in “Subscription and Sale”) 
relating to the Notes represented by such Unrestricted Global Certificate will only be made upon receipt 
by the Registrar or any Transfer Agent of a written certificate from Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as the case may be (based on a written certificate from the transferor of such interest), 
to the effect that such transfer is being made to a person whom the transferor reasonably believes is 
a QIB in a transaction meeting the requirements of Rule 144A and in accordance with any applicable 
securities law of any State of the United States or any other jurisdiction.  Any such transfer made 
thereafter of the Notes represented by such Unrestricted Global Certificate will only be made upon 
request through Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg by the holder of an interest in the Unrestricted 
Global Certificate to the Fiscal Agent of details of that account at either Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or DTC to be credited with the relevant interest in the Restricted Global Certificate. 
Transfers at any time by a holder of any interest in the Restricted Global Certificate to a transferee 
who takes delivery of such interest through an Unrestricted Global Certificate will only be made upon 
delivery to the Registrar or any Transfer Agent of a certificate setting forth compliance with the 
provisions of Regulation S and giving details of the account at Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, 
as the case may be, and/or DTC to be credited and debited, respectively, with an interest in the relevant 
Global Certificates.

--- Page 283 ---
280 
 
OVERVIEW OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM  
The temporary Global Notes, permanent Global Notes and Global Certificates contain provisions that 
apply to the Notes that they represent, some of which modify the effect of the terms and conditions of 
the Notes set out in this Prospectus. The following is a summary of certain of those provisions: 
(a) Payments 
No payment falling due after the Exchange Date will be made on any temporary Global Note unless 
exchange for an interest in a permanent Global Note or for Definitive Notes or Registered Notes is 
improperly withheld or refused.  Payments on any temporary Global Note issued in compliance with 
the D Rules before the Exchange Date will only be made against presentation of certification as to 
non-U.S. beneficial ownership that is satisfactory for purposes of the D Rules on a form proscribed by 
Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other agreed clearing system. 
All payments in respect of Notes represented by a Global Note which is not in NGN form will be made 
against presentation for endorsement and, if no further payment falls to be made in respect of the 
Notes, surrender of that Global Note to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent or such other Paying Agent 
as shall have been notified to the Noteholders for such purpose.  In respect of Bearer Notes which are 
not in NGN form, a record of each payment so made will be endorsed on each Global Note, which 
endorsement will be prima facie evidence that such payment has been made in respect of the Notes.  
Conditions 15(g) and 15(h) will apply to Definitive Notes only.  In respect of Bearer Notes issued in 
NGN form, a record of each payment shall be entered pro rata in the records of Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and, upon any such entry being made, the nominal amount of the Notes 
recorded in the records of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg and represented by the Global Note 
shall be reduced by the aggregate nominal amount of the Notes so redeemed or purchased and 
cancelled by the aggregate amount of such instalment so paid. Payments under Notes issued in NGN 
form will be made to its holder. Each payment so made will discharge the Issuer’s obligations in respect 
thereof. Any failure to make the entries in the records of the relevant clearing system shall not affect 
such discharge.   
The amount of interest payable in respect of each Global Note and Global Certificate shall be the 
amount of interest payable calculated in accordance with Condition 4(j), without further rounding, 
together with such other sums and additional amounts (if any) as may be payable under the Conditions. 
(b) Prescription 
Claims against the Issuer in respect of Notes that are represented by a permanent Global Note will 
become void unless it is presented for payment within a period of two years (in the case where the 
relevant Notes are governed by Ontario Law), ten years (in the case of claims in respect of principal 
where the relevant Notes are governed by English law) or five years (in the case of claims in respect 
of interest where the relevant Notes are governed by English law) from the appropriate Relevant Date 
(as defined in Condition 16). 
(c) Meetings 
The holder of a permanent Global Note shall at any meeting of Noteholders be treated as having one 
vote in respect of each integral currency unit of the Specified Currency of the Notes. All holders of 
Registered Notes are entitled to one vote in respect of each integral currency unit of the Specified 
Currency of the Note comprising such Noteholder’s holding, whether or not represented by a Global 
Certificate. 
For so long as the Notes are represented by a Global Note or Global Certificate registered in the name 
of a nominee for one or more of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg, DTC or another clearing system, 
then, in respect of any resolution proposed by the Issuer where the terms of the proposed resolution 
have been notified to the Noteholders through the relevant clearing system(s), the Issuer shall be 
entitled to rely upon approval of such resolution given by way of electronic consents communicated 
through the electronic communications systems of the relevant clearing system(s) in accordance with 
their operating rules and procedures by or on behalf of the holders of not less than 75 per cent. in 
principal amount of the Notes outstanding (“Electronic Consent”). A Written Resolution and/or

--- Page 284 ---
281 
 
Electronic Consent shall take effect as an Extraordinary Resolution. A Written Resolution and/or 
Electronic Consent will be binding on all Noteholders, whether or not they participated in such Written 
Resolution and/or Electronic Consent. 
(d) Cancellation 
Cancellation of any Note represented by a permanent Global Note that is required by the Conditions 
to be cancelled (other than upon its redemption) will be effected by reduction in the Nominal Amount 
of the relevant permanent Global Note. 
(e) Purchase 
Notes represented by a permanent Global Note may only be purchased by the Issuer if they are 
purchased together with the rights to receive all future payments of interest and Instalment Amounts 
(if any) thereon. 
(f) 
Issuer Call Option 
Any Issuer Call Option provided for in the applicable Issue Terms of any Notes while such Notes are 
represented by a permanent Global Note shall be exercised by the Issuer giving notice to the 
Noteholders within the time limits set out in and containing the information required by the Conditions 
and Issue Terms, except that the notice shall not be required to contain the certificate numbers of 
Notes drawn in the case of a partial exercise of an Issuer Call Option and accordingly no drawing of 
Notes shall be required. In the event that any Issuer Call Option is exercised in respect of some but 
not all of the Notes of any Series, the rights of accountholders with a clearing system in respect of the 
Notes will be governed by the standard procedures of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg, DTC or 
any other clearing system (as the case may be) and in respect of Notes which are in NGN form this 
shall be reflected in the records of Euroclear, Clearstream or Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a 
reduction in nominal amount, at their discretion.  
(g) Noteholders Put Options 
Any Noteholders Put Option provided for in the Conditions of any Notes while such Notes are 
represented by a permanent Global Note may be exercised by the holder of the permanent Global 
Note giving notice to the Fiscal Agent within the time limits relating to the deposit of Notes with a Paying 
Agent set out in the Conditions substantially in the form of the notice available from any Paying Agent, 
except that the notice shall not be required to contain the certificate numbers of the Notes in respect 
of which the option has been exercised, and stating the principal amount of Notes in respect of which 
the Noteholders Put Option is exercised and at the same time, where the permanent Global Note is 
not in NGN form, presenting the permanent Global Note to the Fiscal Agent, or to a Paying Agent 
acting on behalf of the Fiscal Agent, for notation. Where the Global Note is in NGN form, the Issuer 
shall procure that details of such exercise shall be entered pro rata in the records of the relevant 
clearing system and the nominal amount of the Notes recorded in those records will be reduced 
accordingly. 
NGN nominal amount 
Where the Global Note is a NGN, the Issuer shall procure that any exchange, payment, cancellation, 
exercise of any option or any right under the Notes, as the case may be, in addition to the 
circumstances set out above shall be entered in the records of the relevant clearing systems and upon 
any such entry being made, in respect of payments of principal, the nominal amount of the Notes 
represented by such Global Note shall be adjusted accordingly. 
Events of Default 
Each Global Note and Global Certificate provides that the holder may cause such Global Note, Global 
Certificate, or a portion of it, to become due and repayable in the circumstances described in Condition 
18 by stating in the notice to the Fiscal Agent the Nominal Amount of such Global Note or Global 
Certificate that is becoming due and repayable. If principal in respect of any Note is not paid when 
due, the holder of a Global Note or Global Certificate may elect for direct enforcement rights against

--- Page 285 ---
282 
 
the Issuer under the terms of an amended and restated deed of covenant executed as a deed by CIBC 
on 4 May 2017 (as amended, restated or replaced as at the issue date of the relevant Notes, the “Deed 
of Covenant”) to come into effect in relation to the whole or a part of such Global Note or Global 
Certificate in favour of the persons entitled to such part of such Global Note or Global Certificate, as 
the case may be, as accountholders with a clearing system. Following any such acquisition of direct 
rights, the Global Note or, as the case may be, the Global Certificate and the corresponding entry in 
the register kept by the Registrar will become void as to the specified portion or Registered Notes, as 
the case may be. However, no such election may be made in respect of Notes represented by a Global 
Certificate unless the transfer of the whole or a part of the holding of Notes represented by that Global 
Certificate shall have been improperly withheld or refused. 
Notices 
So long as any Notes are represented by a Global Note or Global Certificate and such Global Note or 
Global Certificate is held on behalf of a clearing system, notices to the holders of Notes of that Series 
may be given by delivery of the relevant notice to that clearing system for communication by it to 
entitled accountholders in substitution for publication as required by the Conditions or by delivery of 
the relevant notice to the holder of the Global Note or Global Certificate except that so long as the 
Notes are listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s Euro MTF Market and the rules of that 
exchange so require, notices shall also be published in a leading newspaper having general circulation 
in Luxembourg (which is expected to be the Luxemburger Wort). 
Partly Paid Notes 
The provisions relating to Exempt Notes that are Partly Paid Notes are not set out in this Prospectus, 
but will be contained in the applicable Pricing Supplement and thereby in the Global Notes. While any 
instalments of the subscription moneys due from the holder of Partly Paid Notes are overdue, no 
interest in a Global Note representing such Notes may be exchanged for an interest in a permanent 
Global Note or for Definitive Notes (as the case may be). If any Noteholder fails to pay any instalment 
due on any Partly Paid Notes within the time specified, the Issuer may forfeit such Notes and shall 
have no further obligation to their holder in respect of them.   
Integral Multiples in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination 
So long as the Notes are represented by a temporary Global Note or permanent Global Note and the 
relevant clearing system(s) so permit, the Notes shall be tradeable only in principal amounts of at least 
the Specified Denomination (or if more than one Specified Denomination, the lowest Specified 
Denomination) as provided in the applicable Issue Terms (unless otherwise specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms) and higher integral multiples of at least 1,000 in the relevant currency as specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms (the “Integral Amount”), notwithstanding that no Definitive Notes will be issued 
with a denomination above the Definitive Amount in such currency. The “Definitive Amount” shall be 
equal to two times the lowest Specified Denomination minus the Integral Amount.  If a Global Note is 
exchangeable for Definitive Notes at the option of the Noteholder, the Notes shall be tradeable only in 
principal amounts of at least the Specified Denomination (or if more than one Specified Denomination, 
the lowest Specified Denomination).   
Upon registration of Registered Notes in the name of any nominee for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and delivery of the relative Global Certificate to the Common Depositary Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg will credit each subscriber with a nominal amount of Notes equal to the 
nominal amount thereof for which it has subscribed and paid.  Upon the initial deposit of a Global 
Certificate in respect of and registration of Registered Notes in the name of a nominee for DTC and 
delivery of the relevant Global Certificate to the custodian for DTC, DTC will credit each participant 
with a nominal amount of Notes equal to the nominal amount thereof for which it has subscribed and 
paid.

--- Page 286 ---
283 
 
Relationship of Accountholders with Clearing Systems 
Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg, DTC or any other 
clearing system as the holder of a Note represented by a Global Note or a Global Certificate must look 
solely to Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg, DTC or such other clearing system (as the case may 
be) for his share of each payment made by the Issuer to the bearer of such Global Note or the holder 
of such Global Certificate, as the case may be, and in relation to all other rights arising under the 
Global Notes or Global Certificates, subject to and in accordance with the respective rules and 
procedures of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg, DTC or such clearing system (as the case may 
be). Such persons shall have no claim directly against the Issuer in respect of payments due on the 
Notes for so long as the Notes are represented by such Global Note or Global Certificate and such 
obligations of the Issuer will be discharged by payment to the bearer of such Global Note or the holder 
of such Global Certificate, as the case may be, in respect of each amount so paid. 
By its acquisition of an interest in a Bail-inable Note, each Noteholder or beneficial owner of an interest 
in that Bail-inable Note is deemed to have authorized, directed and requested Euroclear, Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and DTC and any direct participant in such clearing system and any other intermediary 
through which it holds its Bail-inable Note to take any and all necessary action, if required, to implement 
the Bail-in Conversion and any other action pursuant to the Bail-in Regime with respect to the Bail-
inable Note, as may be imposed on it, without any further action or direction on the part of that 
Noteholder or beneficial owner or the paying agent, except as required in accordance with the rules 
and procedures for the time being of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or DTC and/or 
the intermediary, applicable.

--- Page 287 ---
284 
 
CLEARING AND SETTLEMENT 
Book-Entry Ownership 
Bearer Notes 
The Issuer may make applications to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg for acceptance in 
their respective book-entry systems in respect of any Series of Bearer Notes. In respect of Bearer 
Notes not in NGN form, a temporary Global Note and/or a permanent Global Note in bearer form 
without coupons may be deposited with a common depositary for Clearstream, Luxembourg and 
Euroclear, and in respect of Bearer Notes in NGN form, with a common safekeeper for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg. Transfers of interests in such temporary Global Notes or other Global Notes 
will be made in accordance with the normal Euromarket debt securities operating procedures of 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear. 
Registered Notes 
Registered Notes may also be accepted for clearance through the Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg book-entry systems, with such Notes to be represented by an Unrestricted Global 
Certificate or (in the case of Rule 144A Notes) a Restricted Global Certificate.  Each Unrestricted 
Global Certificate or (in the case of Rule 144A Notes) Restricted Global Certificate deposited with a 
nominee for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg will have an ISIN and a Common Code. 
The Issuer and a relevant U.S. agent appointed for such purpose that is an eligible DTC participant 
may make application to DTC for acceptance in its book-entry settlement system of the Rule 144A 
Notes represented by a Restricted Global Certificate.  Each such Restricted Global Certificate will have 
a CUSIP number.  Each Restricted Global Certificate will be subject to restrictions on transfer 
contained in a legend appearing on the front of such Global Certificate, as set out in “Subscription and 
Sale”.  In certain circumstances, as described below in “Transfers of Registered Notes”, transfers of 
interests in a Restricted Global Certificate may be made as a result of which such legend may no 
longer be required. 
In the case of a Tranche of Rule 144A Notes to be cleared through the facilities of DTC, the custodian, 
with whom the Restricted Global Certificates are deposited, and DTC will electronically record the 
nominal amount of the Rule 144A Notes held within the DTC system.  Investors may hold their 
beneficial interests in a Restricted Global Certificate directly through DTC if they are participants in the 
DTC system or indirectly through organizations which are participants in such system.  
Payments of the principal of and interest on each Restricted Global Certificate registered in the name 
of DTC’s nominee will be made, if denominated in U.S. dollars in accordance with Conditions 10(b)(i) 
and 10(b)(ii) and, if denominated in a Specified Currency other than U.S. dollars, will be made or 
procured to be made to or to the order of its nominee as the registered owner of such Restricted Global 
Certificate. At the present time, there are limited facilities for the maintenance of non-U.S. dollar 
denominated accounts in the United States and for the conversion of foreign currencies into U.S. 
dollars. 
The Issuer expects that the nominee, upon receipt of any such payment, will immediately credit DTC 
participants’ accounts with payments in amounts proportionate to their respective beneficial interests 
in the nominal amount of the relevant Restricted Global Certificate as shown on the records of DTC or 
the nominee. 
The Issuer also expects that payments by DTC participants to owners of beneficial interests in such 
Restricted Global Certificate held through such DTC participants to be governed by standing 
instructions and customary practices, as is now the case with securities held for the accounts of 
customers registered in the names of nominees for such customers.  Such payments will be the 
responsibility of such DTC participants.  None of the Issuer, any Paying Agent or any Transfer Agent 
will have any responsibility or liability for any aspect of the records relating to or payments made on 
account of ownership interests in the Restricted Global Certificates or for maintaining, supervising or 
reviewing any records relating to such ownership interests.

--- Page 288 ---
285 
 
Subject to compliance with the transfer restrictions applicable to the Registered Notes described above 
and in “Subscription and Sale”, cross-market transfers between DTC, on the one hand, and directly or 
indirectly through Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg accountholders, on the other, will be effected 
by the relevant clearing system in accordance with its rules and through action taken by the custodian, 
the Registrar and the Fiscal Agent. 
Cross-market transfers between accountholders in Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg and DTC 
participants will need to have an agreed settlement date between the parties to such transfer.  Because 
there is no direct link between DTC, on the one hand, and Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, 
on the other, transfers of interests in the relevant Global Certificates will be effected through the Fiscal 
Agent, the custodian and the Registrar receiving instructions (and, where appropriate, certification) 
from the transferor and arranging for delivery of the interests being transferred to the credit of the 
designated account for the transferee.  Transfers will be effected on the later of (i) three business days 
after the trade date for the disposal of the interest in the relevant Global Certificate resulting in such 
transfer and (ii) two business days after receipt by the Fiscal Agent or the Registrar, as the case may 
be, of the necessary certification or information to effect such transfer.  In the case of cross-market 
transfers, settlement between Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg accountholders and DTC 
participants cannot be made on a delivery versus payment basis. The securities will be delivered on a 
free of delivery basis and arrangements for payment must be made separately. 
For a further description of restrictions on transfer of Registered Notes, see “Subscription and Sale”.  
DTC has advised the Issuer that it will take any action permitted to be taken by a holder of Registered 
Notes (including, without limitation, the presentation of Restricted Global Certificates for exchange as 
described above) only at the direction of one or more participants in whose account with DTC interests 
in Restricted Global Certificates are credited and only in respect of such portion of the aggregate 
nominal amount of the relevant Restricted Global Certificates as to which such participant or 
participants has or have given such direction.  However, in the circumstances described above, DTC 
will surrender the relevant Restricted Global Certificates for exchange for individual Certificates (which 
will, in the case of Rule 144A Notes, bear the legend applicable to transfers pursuant to Rule 144A). 
DTC has advised the Issuer as follows: DTC is a limited purpose trust company organized under the 
laws of the State of New York, a “banking organization” under the laws of the State of New York, a 
member of the U.S. Federal Reserve System, a “clearing corporation” within the meaning of the New 
York Uniform Commercial Code and a “clearing agency” registered pursuant to the provisions of 
Section 17A of the Exchange Act. DTC was created to hold securities for its participants and facilitate 
the clearance and settlement of securities transactions between participants through electronic 
computerized book-entry changes in accounts of its participants, thereby eliminating the need for 
physical movement of certificates. Direct participants include securities brokers and dealers, banks, 
trust companies, clearing corporations and certain other organizations. 
Indirect access to DTC is available to others, such as banks, securities brokers, dealers and trust 
companies, that clear through or maintain a custodial relationship with a DTC direct participant, either 
directly or indirectly. 
Although Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and DTC have agreed to the foregoing procedures in 
order to facilitate transfers of beneficial interests in the Global Certificates among participants and 
accountholders of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and DTC, they are under no obligation to 
perform or continue to perform such procedures, and such procedures may be discontinued at any 
time.  None of the Issuer, any Paying Agent or any Transfer Agent will have any responsibility for the 
performance by Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or DTC or their respective direct or indirect 
participants or accountholders of their respective obligations under the rules and procedures governing 
their operations. 
While a Restricted Global Certificate is lodged with DTC or its custodian, Rule 144A Notes represented 
by individual Certificates will not be eligible for clearing or settlement through Euroclear, Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or DTC. 
The rights of the Holder evidenced by a Definitive N Registered Note and title to a Definitive N 
Registered Note itself shall be transferred upon the surrender of a Definitive N Registered Note,

--- Page 289 ---
286 
 
together with the form of assignment and notification duly completed and executed, at the specified 
office of the Registrar.

--- Page 290 ---
287 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds of the issue of each Tranche of Notes will be added to the general funds of the Issuer 
to be used for general corporate purposes.

--- Page 291 ---
288 
 
CANADIAN IMPERIAL BANK OF COMMERCE 
The information appearing below is supplemented by the more detailed information contained in the 
documents incorporated by reference.  See section entitled “Documents Incorporated by Reference”. 
Introduction 
CIBC is a diversified financial institution governed by, and operating under, the Bank Act, which 
constitutes its charter. CIBC is a Schedule I bank under the Bank Act. CIBC was formed through the 
amalgamation of The Canadian Bank of Commerce and Imperial Bank of Canada in 1961. The 
Canadian Bank of Commerce was originally incorporated as Bank of Canada by special act of the 
legislature of the Province of Canada in 1858. Subsequently, the name was changed to The Canadian 
Bank of Commerce and it opened for business under that name in 1867. Imperial Bank of Canada was 
incorporated in 1875 by special act of the Parliament of Canada and commenced operations in that 
year.  The address of the registered and head office of CIBC is 81 Bay Street, CIBC Square, Toronto, 
Ontario, Canada M5J 0E7 and the telephone number is 1-416-980-3096.  The Issuer's website may 
be found at www.cibc.com.  The information on the websites or URL's referred to herein does not form 
part of this Prospectus unless the information has been incorporated by reference into this Prospectus. 
Business 
CIBC is a leading North American financial institution.  As set out in the Bank Act, its corporate purpose 
is to act as a financial institution throughout Canada and can carry on business, conduct its affairs and 
exercise its powers in any jurisdiction outside Canada to the extent and in the manner that the laws of 
that jurisdiction permit.   
CIBC serves its clients through four main strategic business units: Canadian Personal and Small 
Business Banking, Canadian Commercial Banking and Wealth Management, U.S. Commercial 
Banking and Wealth Management and Capital Markets. CIBC provides a full range of financial products 
and services to 11 million personal banking, business, public sector and institutional clients in Canada, 
the U.S. and around the world. Further information on these four strategic business units and on the 
functional groups of CIBC can be found at pages 3-4 of the Annual Information Form and pages 18-
30 of the 2021 Annual Report, each incorporated by reference in this Prospectus. 
Subsidiaries 
A list of CIBC’s significant subsidiaries is provided on page 192 of the 2021 Annual Report, which page 
is incorporated herein by reference. 
Financial Highlights 
As extracted from its latest unaudited interim consolidated financial statements for the period ended 
31 January 2021, CIBC had total assets of C$861.664 billion, total deposits of C$649.708 billion and 
shareholders’ equity of C$42.778 billion. 
 
First Quarter 
2022 
For the three 
months ended 
31 January 
2021  
For the year 
ended 31  
October 
2020  
For the year 
ended 31 
October 
Financial results (C$ millions) 
 
 
Net interest income 
3,132 
11,459 
11,044 
Non-interest income 
2,366 
8,556 
7,697 
Total revenue 
5,498 
20,015 
18,741 
Provision for credit losses 
75 
158 
2,489

--- Page 292 ---
289 
 
Non-interest expenses 
3,023 
11,535 
11,362 
Income before income taxes 
2,400 
8,322 
4,890 
Income taxes 
531 
1,876 
1,098 
Net income attributable to non-controlling 
interests 
5 
17 
2 
Net income 
1,869 
6,446 
3,792 
On-balance sheet information (C$ millions) 
Cash, deposits with banks and securities 
222,353 
218,398 
211,564 
Loans and acceptances, net of allowance 
483,387 
462,879 
416,388 
Total assets 
861,664 
837,683 
769,551 
Deposits 
649,708 
621,158 
570,740 
Common shareholders’ equity 
42,778 
41,323 
37,579 
There are no recent events particular to CIBC that are to a material extent relevant to the evaluation 
of CIBC’s solvency. 
Board of Directors 
The names of the Directors of CIBC (together with details of their principal outside activities), as at the 
date of this Prospectus, are set out below.  The business address of each of the Directors is 81 Bay 
Street, CIBC Square, Toronto, Ontario, Canada M5J 0E7. 
Name, Responsibility and Residence 
Principal Outside Activities 
Katharine B. Stevenson 
Toronto, Ontario, Canada 
Chair of the Board 
CIBC 
 
 
Charles J.G. Brindamour 
Toronto, Ontario, Canada 
Chief Executive Officer 
Intact Financial Corporation 
 
 
Nanci E. Caldwell 
Woodside, California, U.S.A. 
Corporate Director 
 
 
Michelle L. Collins 
Chicago, Illinois, U.S.A. 
President 
Cambium LLC 
 
 
Patrick D. Daniel 
Calgary, Alberta, Canada 
Corporate Director 
 
 
Luc Desjardins 
Toronto, Ontario, Canada 
President and Chief Executive Officer 
Superior Plus Corp. 
 
 
Victor G. Dodig 
Toronto, Ontario, Canada 
 
President and Chief Executive Officer 
CIBC 
Kevin J. Kelly 
Toronto, Ontario, Canada  
Corporate Director 
 
 
Christine E. Larsen 
Montclair, New Jersey, U.S.A. 
Corporate Director

--- Page 293 ---
290 
 
Nicholas D. Le Pan 
Ottawa, Ontario, Canada 
Corporate Director 
 
 
Mary Lou Maher 
Toronto, Ontario, Canada 
Corporate Director 
 
 
Jane L. Peverett 
West Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada 
Corporate Director 
 
 
Martine Turcotte 
Verdun, Quebec, Canada 
Corporate Director 
 
 
 
Barry L. Zubrow 
Far Hills, New Jersey, U.S.A 
President 
ITB LLC 
As at the date of this Prospectus, there are no potential conflicts of interest between the duties owed 
to CIBC of the persons listed above and their private interests and other duties.  If a Director were to 
have a material interest in a matter being considered by the Board or any of its Committees, such 
Director would not participate in any discussions relating to, or any vote on, such matter. 
Trend Information 
There are no known trends, uncertainties, demands, commitments or events that are reasonably likely 
to have a material effect on the Issuer’s prospects for its current financial year. 
Capital structure 
A description of the capital structure of the Issuer can be found in the 2021 Annual Report under the 
headings “Note 16 – Common and preferred shares outstanding and other equity instruments” on 
pages 169 through 173. 
Major Shareholders 
To the extent known to CIBC, CIBC is not directly or indirectly owned or controlled by any person. The 
Bank Act prohibits any person, or persons acting jointly or in concert, from having a “significant interest” 
in any class of shares of CIBC, that is, from beneficially owning more than 10% of the outstanding 
shares of the class either directly or through controlled entities, without the approval of the Minister of 
Finance of Canada. A person may, with the approval of the Minister of Finance, beneficially own up to 
20% of a class of voting share and up to 30% of a class of non-voting share of CIBC, subject to a “fit 
and proper” test based on the character and integrity of the applicant. In addition, the holder of such a 
significant interest could not have “control in fact” of CIBC. 
There are no measures in place to ensure that control of CIBC is not abused as CIBC has no major 
shareholders. 
Material Contracts 
CIBC has not entered into any contracts outside the ordinary course of CIBC’s business which could 
materially affect CIBC’s obligations in respect of any Notes issued by CIBC other than, with respect to 
any Notes, the contracts described in “Subscription and Sale” and in “Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes”. 
Independent Auditor  
Ernst & Young LLP (“E&Y”), Chartered Professional Accountants, Licensed Public Accountants, Ernst 
& Young Tower, 100 Adelaide Street West, Toronto, Ontario M5H 0B3, Canada issued an independent 
auditor’s report dated 1 December 2021 to the shareholders and directors of the Issuer on the 
consolidated balance sheets as at 31 October 2021 and 2020 and the consolidated statements of 
income, comprehensive income, changes in equity and cash flows for each of the years in the three-
year period ended 31 October 2021.

--- Page 294 ---
291 
 
E&Y is registered as a participating audit firm with the Canadian Public Accountability Board and is 
registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (U.S.).  E&Y is independent of the 
Issuer within the meaning of the CPA Code of Professional Conduct of the Chartered Professional 
Accountants of Ontario.  
Credit Ratings 
As of the date of this Prospectus, each of Moody’s Investors Service, Inc. (“Moody’s USA”), Standard 
& Poor’s Ratings Services (“S&P”), Fitch Ratings, Inc. (“Fitch”) and DBRS Limited (“DBRS”) has 
provided ratings for CIBC as follows: 
 
MOODY’S 
USA 
S&P USA 
FITCH 
DBRS 
DEPOSIT 
OR 
COUNTERPARTY1 
Aa2 
A+ 
AA 
AA 
LEGACY 
SENIOR 
DEBT2  
Aa2  
A+  
AA  
AA 
SENIOR DEBT3 
A2 
A- 
AA- 
AA (low) 
SUBORDINATED 
INDEBTEDNESS 
Baa1 
BBB+ 
A 
A (high) 
SUBORDINATED 
INDEBTEDNESS 
– 
NVCC4 
Baa1 
BBB 
A 
A (low) 
SHORT-TERM DEBT  
P-1  
A-1  
F1+  
R-1 (high)  
 
1. DBRS Long-Term Issuer Rating; Moody’s Long-Term Deposit and Counterparty Risk Assessment Rating; S&P’s Issuer Credit 
Rating; Fitch Long-Term Issuer Default; and Derivative Counterparty Rating. 
2. Includes senior debt issued prior to 23 September 2018 as well as senior debt issued on or after 23 September 2018 which is 
not subject to bail-in regulations. 
3. Comprises liabilities which are subject to conversion under bail-in regulations. 
4.Comprises instruments which are treated as NVCC in accordance with OSFI's CAR Guideline. 
Credit ratings may be adjusted over time and so there is no assurance that these credit ratings will be 
effective after the date of this Prospectus.  A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold 
any Notes. 
Moody's in its March 22, 2022 publication defines its ratings as follows: 
 
Obligations rated Aa are judged to be of high quality and are subject to very low credit risk. 
Obligations rated A are judged to be upper-medium grade and are subject to low credit risk. 
Obligations rated Baa are judged to be medium-grade and subject to moderate credit risk and 
as such may possess certain speculative characteristics. 
Moody’s appends numerical modifiers 1, 2, and 3 to each generic rating classification from Aa 
through Caa. The modifier 1 indicates that the obligation ranks in the higher end of its generic 
rating category; the modifier 2 indicates a mid-range ranking; and the modifier 3 indicates a 
ranking in the lower end of that generic rating category. 
P-1: Ratings of Prime-1 reflect a superior ability to repay short-term debt obligations. 
S&P in its November 10, 2021 publication defines its ratings as follows: 
 
An obligation rated 'A' is somewhat more susceptible to the adverse effects of changes in 
circumstances and economic conditions than obligations in higher-rated categories. However, 
the obligor's capacity to meet its financial commitments on the obligation is still strong.

--- Page 295 ---
292 
 
An obligation rated 'BBB' exhibits adequate protection parameters. However, adverse 
economic conditions or changing circumstances are more likely to weaken the obligor's 
capacity to meet its financial commitments on the obligation.  
Ratings from 'AA' to 'CCC' may be modified by the addition of a plus (+) or a minus (-) sign to 
show relative standing within the rating categories. 
A short-term obligation rated 'A-1' is rated in the highest category by S&P Global Ratings. The 
obligor's capacity to meet its financial commitments on the obligation is strong. Within this 
category, certain obligations are designated with a plus sign (+). This indicates that the 
obligor's capacity to meet its financial commitments on these obligations is extremely strong.  
Fitch in its March 21, 2022 publication defines its ratings as follows: 
AA: Very High Credit Quality. ‘AA’ ratings denote expectations of very low credit risk.  They 
indicate very strong capacity for payment of financial commitments.  This capacity is not 
significantly vulnerable to foreseeable events. 
A: High Credit Quality. ‘A’ ratings denote expectations of low credit risk.  The capacity for 
payment of financial commitments is considered strong.  This capacity may, nevertheless, be 
more vulnerable to adverse business or economic conditions than is the case for higher 
ratings.  
Within rating categories, Fitch may use modifiers.  The modifiers "+" or "-" may be appended 
to a rating to denote relative status within major rating categories. 
F1: Highest Short-Term Credit Quality. Indicates the strongest intrinsic capacity for timely 
payment of financial commitments; may have an added "+" to denote any exceptionally strong 
credit feature.  
DBRS in its March 1, 2022 publication “Long-Term Obligations Rating Scale” defines its ratings as 
follows: 
AA Superior credit quality.  The capacity for the payment of financial obligations is considered 
high. Credit quality differs from AAA only to a small degree. Unlikely to be significantly 
vulnerable to future events.  
A Good credit quality. The capacity for the payment of financial obligations is substantial, but 
of lesser credit quality than AA. May be vulnerable to future events, but qualifying negative 
factors are considered manageable.  
All rating categories other than AAA and D also contain subcategories "(high)" and "(low)". 
The absence of either a "(high)" or "(low)" designation indicates the rating is in the middle of 
the category. 
DBRS in its April 1, 2022 publication “Commercial Paper and Short-Term Debt Rating Scale” defines 
its ratings as follows: 
R-1 (high) Highest credit quality. The capacity for the payment of short-term financial 
obligations as they fall due is exceptionally high. Unlikely to be adversely affected by future 
events.

--- Page 296 ---
293 
 
DESCRIPTION OF TOWER SECURITIES LIMITED AND THE REDEEMABLE PREFERENCE 
SHARES 
Preference Share Linked Notes may be issued under the Programme, where the Preference 
Shares are preference shares issued by Tower Securities Limited (“TSL” or “Preference Share 
Issuer”). Set out below is a description of TSL. References in this section to the “Preference 
Shares” shall be a reference to preference shares issued by TSL which are specified as being 
the “Preference Shares” in the applicable Issue Terms relating to the relevant Preference Share 
Linked Notes. 
TSL 
TSL is a private company limited by shares and was incorporated under the Companies Act 2006 on 
7 May 2015 (with registered number 9578613). TSL is governed by the laws of England and Wales 
and has its registered office at 1 Bartholomew Lane, London EC2N 2AX.  The sole business activity 
of TSL is to issue redeemable preference shares. Accordingly, TSL does not have any trading assets 
and does not generate any significant net income. A copy of TSL’s constitutional documents, its non-
audited, non-consolidated annual financial statements, when published, and the Terms of the 
Preference Shares (as defined below) are available (free of charge) from the registered office of TSL.  
The Preference Shares 
TSL will from time to time issue tranches of at least one redeemable preference share with a par value 
of either £1.00 or US$1.00 each. The preference shares will be issued fully paid to Tower Charitable 
Trust at par.  TSL may issue redeemable preference shares of any kind (the “Preference Shares”), 
including but not limited to preference shares linked to a specified index or basket of indices or to such 
other underlying instruments, bases of reference or factors (the “Preference Share Underlying”) and 
on such terms as may be determined by the board of directors of TSL and specified in the applicable 
terms and conditions of the relevant series of preference shares (the “Terms of the Preference 
Shares”).  The Preference Shares are created under the laws of England and Wales. 
The Terms of the Preference Shares also provide that TSL may redeem the Preference Shares early 
if: 
a) 
the calculation agent in respect of the Preference Shares (the “Preference Shares 
Calculation Agent”) determines that for reasons beyond TSL’s control, the performance of its 
obligations under the Preference Shares has become illegal or impractical in whole or in part 
for any reason; or 
 
b) 
any event occurs in respect of which the provisions of the Terms of the Preference Shares 
relating to any adjustment, delay, modification, cancellation or determination in relation to the 
Preference Share Underlying, the valuation procedure for the Preference Share Underlying or 
the Preference Shares provide that the Preference Shares may be redeemed or cancelled; or 
 
c) 
a change in applicable law or regulation occurs that in the determination of the Preference 
Share Calculation Agent results, or will result, by reason of the Preference Shares being 
outstanding, in TSL being required to be regulated by any additional regulatory authority, or 
being subject to any additional legal requirement or regulation or tax considered by TSL to be 
onerous to it; or 
 
d) 
TSL is notified that the Notes have become subject to early redemption. 
 
The performance of the Preference Shares depends on the performance of the Preference Share 
Underlying to which the Preference Shares are linked. In determining the value of the Preference 
Shares, the Preference Shares Calculation Agent shall employ the calculation procedure and 
methodology set out in the applicable Terms of the Preference Shares.

--- Page 297 ---
294 
 
TAXATION 
Canadian Taxation 
The following is a summary of the principal Canadian federal income tax considerations generally 
applicable at the date hereof to a holder who acquires ownership of a Note pursuant to this Prospectus 
or common shares of CIBC or any of its affiliates on a bail-in conversion of a Note and who for the 
purposes of the Income Tax Act (Canada) (“Tax Act”) and at all relevant times: (a) is neither resident 
nor deemed to be resident in Canada; (b) deals at arm’s length with CIBC, any affiliate of CIBC who 
issues common shares on a bail-in conversion of a Note and any transferee resident (or deemed to 
be resident) in Canada to whom the holder disposes of the Note; (c) does not use or hold and is not 
deemed to use or hold the Note or the common shares of CIBC or any of its affiliates in, or in the 
course of, carrying on a business in Canada; (d) is entitled to receive all payments (including any 
interest and principal) made on the Note, and (e) is not a, and deals at arm’s length with any, “specified 
shareholder” of CIBC for purposes of the thin capitalization rules in the Tax Act (“Non-Resident 
Holder”).  A “specified shareholder” for these purposes generally includes a person who (either alone 
or together with persons with whom that person is not dealing at arm’s length for the purposes of the 
Tax Act) owns or has the right to acquire or control 25% or more of CIBC’s shares determined on a 
votes or fair market value basis.  Special rules which apply to non-resident insurers carrying on 
business in Canada and elsewhere are not discussed in this summary. This summary assumes that 
no amount paid or payable in respect of the Notes will be the deduction component of a “hybrid 
mismatch arrangement” under which the payment arises within the meaning of proposed paragraph 
18.4(3)(b) of the Tax Act contained in Tax Proposals released on April 29, 2022. 
This summary is based upon: (a) the current provisions of the Tax Act and the regulations thereunder 
(“Regulations”) in force on the date hereof; (b) all specific proposals to amend the Tax Act or the 
Regulations publicly announced prior to the date hereof by, or on behalf of, the Minister of Finance for 
Canada (“Tax Proposals”), and (c) the current published assessing practices and administrative 
policies of the Canada Revenue Agency as made publicly available by it prior to the date hereof.  This 
summary assumes that the Tax Proposals will be enacted as currently proposed, but no assurance 
can be given that this will be the case.  This summary does not otherwise take into account or anticipate 
any changes in law or in the practices and policies of the Canada Revenue Agency, whether by 
legislative, governmental or judicial action or interpretation, nor does it take into account provincial, 
territorial or foreign income tax legislation or considerations. 
This summary is of a general nature only, is not exhaustive of all Canadian federal income tax 
considerations and is not intended to be, nor should it be construed to be, legal or tax advice 
to any particular Non-Resident Holder.  Non-Resident Holders are advised to consult their own 
tax advisers with respect to their particular circumstances. Canadian federal income tax 
considerations applicable to Notes may be described more particularly when such Notes are offered 
(and then only to the extent material) in the applicable Issue Terms related thereto if they are not 
addressed by the comments following and, in that event, the comments following will be superseded 
thereby to the extent indicated therein. Additional Canadian federal income tax considerations, which 
are not described herein, may also be applicable where the Note is a Physical Delivery Note and such 
considerations will be described in the Issue Terms related thereto. 
Notes 
Interest paid or credited or deemed to be paid or credited on a Note issued by CIBC to a Non-Resident 
Holder (including any amount paid at maturity in excess of the principal amount and interest deemed 
to be paid on the Note in certain cases involving an assignment or other transfer of a Note to a resident 
or deemed resident of Canada) will not be subject to Canadian non-resident withholding tax unless 
such interest (other than on a “prescribed obligation” as described below) is “participating debt interest” 
for the purposes of the Tax Act.  Interest paid or credited or deemed to be paid or credited on a Note 
to a Non-Resident Holder will generally not be participating debt interest for the purposes of the Tax 
Act provided that no portion of such interest is contingent or dependent upon the use of or production 
from property in Canada or is computed by reference to revenue, profit, cash flow, commodity price or 
any other similar criterion or by reference to dividends paid or payable to shareholders of any class or 
series of shares of the capital stock of a corporation.  A prescribed obligation is an “indexed debt 
obligation” (as described below) in respect of which no amount payable is (a) contingent or dependent

--- Page 298 ---
295 
 
upon the use of, or production from, property in Canada, or (b) computed by reference to: (i) revenue, 
profit, cash flow, commodity price or any other similar criterion, other than a change in the purchasing 
power of money, or (ii) dividends paid or payable to shareholders of any class or series of shares of 
the capital stock of a corporation.  An indexed debt obligation is a debt obligation the terms of which 
provide for an adjustment to an amount payable in respect of the obligation for a period during which 
the obligation was outstanding which adjustment is determined by reference to a change in the 
purchasing power of money. 
In the event that a Note is redeemed, cancelled, repurchased or purchased, as the case may be, by 
CIBC or any other resident or deemed resident of Canada from a Non-Resident Holder, or is otherwise 
assigned or transferred by a Non-Resident Holder to CIBC or any other resident or deemed resident 
of Canada, for an amount which exceeds, generally, the issue price thereof, all or a portion of such 
excess may be deemed to be interest and may be subject to Canadian non-resident withholding tax if: 
(i) all or any portion of such interest is participating debt interest and (ii) in certain circumstances the 
Note is not considered to be an “excluded obligation” for the purposes of the Tax Act.  A Note which is 
not an indexed debt obligation, that was issued for an amount not less than 97% of the principal amount 
(as defined for the purposes of the Tax Act) of the Note, and the yield from which, expressed in terms 
of an annual rate (determined in accordance with the Tax Act) on the amount for which the Note was 
issued does not exceed 4/3 of the interest stipulated to be payable on the Note, expressed in terms of 
an annual rate on the outstanding principal amount from time to time will be an excluded obligation for 
this purpose. 
If applicable, the normal rate of Canadian non-resident withholding tax is 25% but such rate may be 
reduced under the terms of an applicable income tax treaty. 
If a subsidiary or affiliate of CIBC that is a resident of Canada or carries on business in Canada for 
purposes of the Tax Act were to be substituted in the place of the Issuer, interest paid or credited, or 
deemed to be paid or credited, by such subsidiary or affiliate on a Note to a Non-resident Holder with 
whom such subsidiary or affiliate deals at arm’s length will not be subject to Canadian non-resident 
withholding tax to the extent such interest would be free of Canadian non-resident withholding tax, as 
discussed above, if references to CIBC in the discussion above were instead references to the relevant 
subsidiary or affiliate. 
Generally, there are no other Canadian federal income taxes that would be payable by a Non-Resident 
Holder as a result of holding or disposing of a Note (including for greater certainty, any gain realized 
by a Non-Resident Holder on a disposition of a Note). 
Common Shares Acquired on a Bail-in Conversion 
Dividends paid or credited or deemed to be paid or credited to a Non-Resident Holder on any common 
shares of CIBC or an affiliate of CIBC that is a Canadian resident corporation will be subject to 
Canadian non-resident withholding tax of 25% but such rate may be reduced under the terms of an 
applicable income tax treaty. 
A Non-Resident Holder will not be subject to tax under the Tax Act on any capital gain realized on a 
disposition or deemed disposition of any common shares of CIBC or an affiliate of CIBC unless such 
shares constitute “taxable Canadian property” to the Non-Resident Holder for purposes of the Tax Act 
at the time of their disposition, and such Non-Resident Holder is not entitled to relief pursuant to the 
provisions of an applicable income tax treaty. 
Generally, the common shares will not constitute taxable Canadian property to a Non-Resident Holder 
provided that they are listed on a designated stock exchange (which currently includes the Toronto 
Stock Exchange and New York Stock Exchange) at the time of the disposition, unless, at any particular 
time during the 60 month period that ends at that time, the following conditions are met concurrently: 
(i) one or any combination of (a) the Non-Resident Holder, (b) persons with whom the Non-Resident 
Holder did not deal at arm’s length, or (c) partnerships in which the Non-Resident Holder or a person 
described in (b) holds a membership interest directly or indirectly through one or more partnerships, 
owned 25% or more of the issued shares of any class or series of the applicable issuer’s share capital 
and (ii) more than 50% of the fair market value of the common shares of such issuer was derived 
directly or indirectly from one or any combination of (a) real or immovable property situated in Canada,

--- Page 299 ---
296 
 
(b) Canadian resource properties (as defined in the Tax Act), (c) timber resource properties (as defined 
in the Tax Act), and (d) an option, an interest or right in any of the foregoing property, whether or not 
such property exists. Notwithstanding the foregoing, a common share may be deemed to be “taxable 
Canadian property” in certain other circumstances. Non-Resident Holders should consult their own tax 
advisers with respect their particular circumstances. 
United Kingdom 
The following is a summary of the United Kingdom withholding taxation treatment at the date hereof in 
relation to payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes.  It is based on current law and 
the practice of H.M. Revenue and Customs, which may be subject to change, sometimes with 
retrospective effect.  The comments do not deal with other United Kingdom tax aspects of acquiring, 
holding or disposing of Notes.  The comments relate only to the position of persons who are absolute 
beneficial owners of the Notes.  Prospective Noteholders should be aware that the particular terms of 
issue of any series of Notes as specified in the relevant Issue Terms may affect the tax treatment of 
that and other series of Notes.  The following is a general guide for information purposes and should 
be treated with appropriate caution.  It is not intended as tax advice and it does not purport to describe 
all of the tax considerations that may be relevant to a prospective purchaser.  Noteholders who are in 
any doubt as to their tax position should consult their professional advisers.  Noteholders who may be 
liable to taxation in jurisdictions other than the United Kingdom in respect of their acquisition, holding 
or disposal of the Notes are particularly advised to consult their professional advisers as to whether 
they are so liable (and if so under the laws of which jurisdictions), since the following comments relate 
only to certain United Kingdom taxation aspects of payments in respect of the Notes.  In particular, 
Noteholders should be aware that they may be liable to taxation under the laws of other jurisdictions 
in relation to payments in respect of the Notes even if such payments may be made without withholding 
or deduction for or on account of taxation under the laws of the United Kingdom. 
Notes issued by a United Kingdom branch of CIBC (“UK Notes”) 
(i) 
In the case of UK Notes with a maturity date of less than one year from the date of issue 
(provided the borrowing under such Notes at no time forms part of a borrowing which is 
intended to have a total term of one year or more) interest may be paid without withholding for 
or on account of United Kingdom income tax. Interest on UK Notes with a maturity of one year 
or more from the date of issue (or forming part of such borrowing as is mentioned above) is 
referred to below as “yearly interest”. 
(ii) 
Provided that the UK Notes are, and continue to be, listed on a recognized stock exchange 
within the meaning of section 1005 Income Tax Act 2007 (“ITA”) for the purposes of section 
987 of ITA payments of yearly interest may be made without withholding or deduction for or 
on account of United Kingdom income tax (section 882 ITA). The Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange is a recognized stock exchange. The Issuer’s understanding of current HM Revenue 
& Customs practice is that securities which are officially listed and admitted to trading on the 
regulated market or Euro MTF market of that Exchange may be regarded as "listed on a 
recognized stock exchange" for this purpose.  
(iii) 
Provided that the United Kingdom branch of CIBC (“CIBC UK Branch”) continues to be a bank 
within the meaning of section 991 of ITA, and provided that the interest on the UK Notes is 
paid in the ordinary course of its business within the meaning of section 878 of ITA, CIBC UK 
Branch will be entitled to make payments of interest without withholding or deduction for or on 
account of United Kingdom income tax.  
(iv) 
If none of the above paragraphs apply, interest on UK Notes will generally be paid under 
deduction of United Kingdom income tax at the basic rate (currently 20 per cent.) subject to 
the availability of other reliefs or to any direction to the contrary from HM Revenue & Customs 
in respect of such relief as may be available pursuant to the provisions of any applicable double 
taxation treaty. 
(v) 
Where UK Notes are issued at a discount, any discount element should generally not be 
subject to United Kingdom withholding tax. Where UK Notes are issued with a redemption

--- Page 300 ---
297 
 
premium, such premium may constitute a payment of interest and the United Kingdom 
withholding tax position would then be as described in the paragraphs above. 
(vi) 
Any payments made under the Deed of Covenant may not qualify for the exemptions from UK 
withholding tax described above. 
(vii) 
Where interest has been paid under deduction of United Kingdom income tax, Noteholders 
who are not resident in the United Kingdom may be able to recover all or part of the tax 
deducted if there is an appropriate provision in any applicable double taxation treaty. 
(viii) 
The references to “interest” above mean “interest” as understood in United Kingdom tax 
law.  The statements above do not take any account of any different definitions of “interest” or 
“principal” which may prevail under any other law or which may be created by the terms and 
conditions of the Notes or any related documentation.  Noteholders should seek their own 
professional advice as regards the withholding tax treatment of any payment on the Notes 
which does not constitute “interest” or “principal” as those terms are understood in United 
Kingdom tax law.  Where a payment on a Note does not constitute (or is not treated as) interest 
for United Kingdom tax purposes, and the payment has a United Kingdom source, it would 
potentially be subject to United Kingdom withholding tax if, for example, it constitutes (or is 
treated as) an annual payment or a manufactured payment for United Kingdom tax purposes 
(which will be determined by, amongst other things, the terms and conditions specified by the 
Issue Terms of the Note).  In such a case, the payment may fall to be made under deduction 
of United Kingdom tax (the rate of withholding depending on the nature of the payment), 
subject to such relief as may be available following a direction from H.M. Revenue & Customs 
pursuant to the provisions of any applicable double taxation treaty, or to any other exemption 
which may apply. 
The above description of the United Kingdom withholding tax position assumes that there will be no 
substitution of an issuer pursuant to Condition 19(c) of the Notes and does not consider the 
consequences of any such substitution. 
United States 
Except as described in an applicable Issue Terms, the Issuer will treat Notes as not effectively 
connected with a U.S. trade or business, as determined for U.S. federal income tax purposes. As a 
result, the Issuer intends to treat any interest with respect to Notes, as determined for U.S. federal 
income tax purposes, as foreign source.  Subject to the discussion below regarding Bail-inable Notes, 
the discussion below assumes that the Notes will be treated as debt for U.S. federal income tax 
purposes.   
There is no authority that specifically addresses the U.S. federal income tax treatment of an instrument 
such as the Bail-inable Notes. While the Issuer intends to treat the Bail-inable Notes as debt for U.S. 
federal income tax purposes, the IRS could assert an alternative tax treatment of the Bail-inable Notes 
for U.S. federal income tax purposes, for example, that the Bail-inable Notes should be considered as 
equity for U.S. federal income tax purposes. There can be no assurance that any alternative tax 
treatment, if successfully asserted by the IRS, would not have adverse U.S. federal income tax 
consequences to a U.S. holder of Bail-inable Notes. However, treatment of the Bail-inable Notes as 
equity for U.S. federal income tax purposes should not result in inclusions of income with respect to 
the Bail-inable Notes that are materially different than the U.S. federal income tax consequences if the 
Bail-inable Notes are treated as debt for U.S. federal income tax purposes. In particular, if the Bail-
inable Notes are treated as equity for U.S. federal income tax purposes, it is unclear whether interest 
payments on the Bail-inable Notes that are treated as dividends for U.S. federal income tax purposes 
would be eligible to be treated as “qualified dividend income” for U.S. federal income tax purposes 
(which are generally taxed at preferential rates). Accordingly, it is likely that amounts treated as 
dividends would be taxed at ordinary income tax rates. 
(a) 
U.S. Holders  
The following is a summary of certain material U.S. federal income tax consequences of the 
acquisition, ownership and disposition of Notes by a U.S. Holder (as defined below).  This summary 
does not address the material U.S. federal income tax consequences of every type of Note which may

--- Page 301 ---
298 
 
be issued under the Programme, and the applicable Issue Terms will contain additional or modified 
disclosure concerning the material U.S. federal income tax consequences relevant to such type of 
Note as appropriate.  This summary deals only with purchasers of Notes that are U.S. Holders and 
that will hold the Notes as capital assets within the meaning of section 1221 of the U.S. Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “Code”).  The discussion does not cover all aspects of U.S. 
federal income taxation that may be relevant to, or the actual tax effect that any of the matters 
described herein will have on, the acquisition, ownership or disposition of Notes by particular investors, 
and does not address state, local, foreign or other tax laws. This summary also does not address the 
Medicare contribution tax applicable to the ‘net investment income’ of certain U.S. Holders.  This 
summary does not discuss all of the tax considerations that may be relevant to certain types of 
investors subject to special treatment under the U.S. federal income tax laws (such as banks, financial 
institutions, insurance companies, investors subject to the alternative minimum tax, individual 
retirement accounts and other tax-deferred accounts, tax-exempt organizations, traders in securities 
that elect to use a mark-to-market method of accounting for their securities holdings, U.S. expatriates, 
dealers in securities or currencies, investors that will hold the Notes as part of straddles, constructive 
sales, hedging transactions or conversion transactions for U.S. federal income tax purposes, investors 
subject to special tax accounting rules under Section 451(b) of the Code, or investors whose functional 
currency is not the U.S. dollar).  This summary also does not address the U.S. federal tax treatment 
of Dual Currency, Index Linked Notes, Equity Linked Notes, or Commodity Linked Notes.  Moreover, 
the summary deals only with Notes with a term of 30 years or less.  The U.S. federal income tax 
consequences of owning Dual Currency, Index Linked Notes, Equity Linked Notes, or Commodity 
Linked Notes or Notes with a term of more than 30 years will be discussed in the applicable Issue 
Terms.   
If a partnership, or other entity or arrangement taxable as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax 
purposes, holds a Note, the tax treatment of a partner will generally depend on the status of the partner 
and the activities of the partnership.  Partnerships holding the Notes or persons who hold the Notes 
through a partnership or similar pass-through entity should consult their tax advisers regarding the 
U.S. federal income tax consequences to them of holding the Notes.   
As used herein, the term “U.S. Holder” means a beneficial owner of Notes that is (i) a citizen or resident 
of the United States for U.S. federal income tax purposes, (ii) a corporation, or other entity treated as 
a corporation, created or organized under the laws of the United States or any State thereof or the 
District of Columbia, (iii) an estate the income of which is subject to U.S. federal income tax without 
regard to its source or (iv) a trust if a court within the United States is able to exercise primary 
supervision over the administration of the trust and one or more U.S. persons have the authority to 
control all substantial decisions of the trust or the trust has elected to be treated as a domestic trust 
for U.S. federal income tax purposes.   
The summary is based on the tax laws of the United States including the Code, its legislative history, 
existing and proposed regulations thereunder, published rulings and court decisions, all as currently 
in effect and all subject to change at any time, possibly with retroactive effect.   
Bearer Notes (including Exchangeable Bearer Notes while in bearer form) are not being offered to 
U.S. Holders. A U.S. Holder who owns a Bearer Note may be subject to limitations under U.S. income 
tax laws, including the limitations provided in sections 165(j) and 1287(a) of the Code. 
THE SUMMARY OF U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSEQUENCES SET OUT BELOW IS FOR 
GENERAL INFORMATION ONLY.  PROSPECTIVE PURCHASERS SHOULD CONSULT THEIR 
TAX ADVISERS AS TO THE PARTICULAR TAX CONSEQUENCES TO THEM OF PURCHASING, 
OWNING AND DISPOSING OF THE NOTES, INCLUDING THE APPLICABILITY AND EFFECT OF 
STATE, LOCAL, FOREIGN AND OTHER TAX LAWS AND POSSIBLE CHANGES IN TAX LAW.   
1. 
Payments of Interest  
1.1 
General  
Interest on a Note, whether payable in U.S. dollars or a currency or basket of currencies other than 
U.S. dollars (a “foreign currency”), other than interest on a “Discount Note” that is not “qualified stated 
interest” (each as defined below under “— Original Issue Discount”), will be taxable to a U.S. Holder

--- Page 302 ---
299 
 
as ordinary income at the time it is received or accrued, depending on the holder’s method of 
accounting for tax purposes.  Interest paid by the Issuer on the Notes and OID, if any, accrued with 
respect to the Notes (as described below under “— Original Issue Discount”) will constitute income 
from sources outside the United States.   
Subject to certain conditions and limitations, foreign taxes, if any, withheld on interest payments may 
be treated as foreign taxes eligible for credit against a holder’s U.S. federal income tax liability.  The 
limitation on foreign taxes eligible for the U.S. foreign tax credit is calculated separately with respect 
to specific “baskets” of income.  Interest on the Notes generally will constitute “passive category 
income”, or, in the case of certain U.S. Holders, “general category income”.  As an alternative to the 
foreign tax credit, a U.S. Holder may elect to deduct such taxes (the election would then apply to all 
foreign income taxes such U.S. Holder paid in that taxable year).  The rules governing the foreign tax 
credit are complex.  Prospective purchasers are urged to consult their tax advisers regarding the 
availability of the foreign tax credit under their particular circumstances.  
1.2 
Foreign Currency Denominated Interest  
If an interest payment is denominated in, or determined by reference to, a foreign currency, the amount 
of income recognized by a cash basis U.S. Holder will be the U.S. dollar value of the interest payment, 
based on the exchange rate in effect on the date of receipt, regardless of whether the payment is in 
fact converted into U.S. dollars.   
An accrual basis U.S. Holder may determine the amount of income recognized with respect to an 
interest payment denominated in, or determined by reference to, a foreign currency in accordance with 
either of two methods.  Under the first method, the amount of income accrued will be based on the 
average exchange rate in effect during the interest accrual period (or, with respect to an accrual period 
that spans two taxable years of a U.S. Holder, the part of the period within each taxable year).  The 
average exchange rate for an interest accrual period is generally the simple average of the exchange 
rates for each business day of the period.   
Under the second method, the U.S. Holder may elect to determine the amount of income accrued on 
the basis of the exchange rate in effect on the last day of the accrual period or, in the case of an accrual 
period that spans two taxable years, the exchange rate in effect on the last day of the part of the period 
within the taxable year.  Additionally, if a payment of interest is actually received within five business 
days of the last day of the accrual period, an electing accrual basis U.S. Holder may instead translate 
the accrued interest into U.S. dollars at the exchange rate in effect on the day of actual receipt.  Any 
such election will apply to all debt instruments held by the U.S. Holder at the beginning of the first 
taxable year to which the election applies or thereafter acquired by the U.S. Holder, and will be 
irrevocable without the consent of the IRS.   
Upon receipt of the interest payment (including a payment attributable to accrued but unpaid interest 
upon the sale or retirement of a Note) denominated in, or determined by reference to, a foreign 
currency, the U.S. Holder will recognize U.S. source ordinary income or loss measured by the 
difference between the exchange rate used to accrue interest income pursuant to one of the two above 
methods and the exchange rate in effect on the date of receipt, regardless of whether the payment is 
in fact converted into U.S. dollars.   
2. 
Original Issue Discount  
The following is a summary of the principal U.S. federal income tax consequences of the ownership of 
Notes issued with original issue discount (“OID”).  The following summary does not discuss Notes that 
are characterized as contingent payment debt instruments for U.S. federal income tax purposes.  In 
the event the Issuer issues contingent payment debt instruments, the applicable Issue Terms will 
describe the material U.S. federal income tax consequences thereof.   
A Note, other than a Note with a term of one year or less (a “Short-Term Note”), will be treated as 
issued with OID (a “Discount Note”) if the excess of the Note’s “stated redemption price at maturity” 
over its issue price is equal to or greater than a de minimis amount (0.25% of the Note’s stated 
redemption price at maturity multiplied by the number of complete years to its maturity).  An obligation 
that provides for the payment of amounts other than qualified stated interest before maturity (an

--- Page 303 ---
300 
 
“instalment obligation”) will be treated as a Discount Note if the excess of the Note’s stated 
redemption price at maturity over its issue price is, equal to or greater than 0.25% of the Note’s stated 
redemption price at maturity multiplied by the weighted average maturity of the Note.  A Note’s 
weighted average maturity is the sum of the following amounts determined for each payment on a 
Note (other than a payment of qualified stated interest): (i) the number of complete years from the 
issue date until the payment is made multiplied by (ii) a fraction, the numerator of which is the amount 
of the payment and the denominator of which is the Note’s stated redemption price at maturity.  
Generally, the issue price of a Note will be the first price at which a substantial amount of Notes 
included in the issue of which the Note is a part is sold to the public.  The stated redemption price at 
maturity of a Note is the total of all payments provided by the Note that are not payments of “qualified 
stated interest”.  A qualified stated interest payment is generally any one of a series of stated interest 
payments on a Note that are unconditionally payable at least annually at a single fixed rate (with certain 
exceptions for lower rates paid during some periods), or a variable rate (in the circumstances described 
below under “Variable Interest Rate Notes”), applied to the outstanding principal amount of the Note.  
Solely for the purposes of determining whether a Note has OID, the Issuer will be deemed to exercise 
any call option that has the effect of decreasing the yield on the Note, and the U.S. Holder will be 
deemed to exercise any put option that has the effect of increasing the yield on the Note.   
U.S. Holders of Discount Notes must include OID in income calculated on a constant-yield method 
before the receipt of cash attributable to the income, and generally will have to include in income 
increasingly greater amounts of OID over the life of the Discount Notes.  The amount of OID includible 
in income by a U.S. Holder of a Discount Note is the sum of the daily portions of OID with respect to 
the Discount Note for each day during the taxable year or portion of the taxable year on which the U.S. 
Holder holds the Discount Note (“accrued OID”).  The daily portion is determined by allocating to each 
day in any “accrual period” a pro rata portion of the OID allocable to that accrual period.  Accrual 
periods with respect to a Note may be of any length selected by the U.S. Holder and may vary in length 
over the term of the Note as long as (i) no accrual period is longer than one year and (ii) each scheduled 
payment of interest or principal on the Note occurs on either the final or first day of an accrual period.  
Under the constant yield method, the amount of OID allocable to an accrual period equals the excess 
of (a) the product of the Discount Note’s adjusted issue price at the beginning of the accrual period 
and the Discount Note’s yield to maturity (determined on the basis of compounding at the close of each 
accrual period and properly adjusted for the length of the accrual period) over (b) the sum of the 
payments of qualified stated interest on the Note allocable to the accrual period.  The “adjusted issue 
price” of a Discount Note at the beginning of any accrual period is the issue price of the Note increased 
by (x) the amount of accrued OID for each prior accrual period and decreased by (y) the amount of 
any payments previously made on the Note that were not qualified stated interest payments.   
OID for any accrual period on a Discount Note that is denominated in, or determined by reference to, 
a foreign currency will be determined in the foreign currency and then translated into U.S. dollars in 
the same manner as stated interest accrued by an accrual basis U.S. Holder, as described above 
under “—Payments of Interest”.  Upon receipt of an amount attributable to OID (whether in connection 
with a payment of interest or the sale or retirement of a Note), a U.S. Holder may recognize exchange 
gain or loss, which will be ordinary income or loss measured by the difference between the amount 
received (translated into U.S. dollars at the exchange rate on the date of receipt) and the amount 
previously accrued. 
3. 
Acquisition Premium  
A U.S. Holder that purchases a Discount Note for an amount less than or equal to the sum of all 
amounts payable on the Note after the purchase date, other than payments of qualified stated interest, 
but in excess of its adjusted issue price (any such excess being “acquisition premium”) and that does 
not make the election described below under “—Election to Treat All Interest as Original Issue 
Discount”, is permitted to reduce the daily portions of OID by a fraction, the numerator of which is the 
excess of the U.S. Holder’s adjusted basis in the Note immediately after its purchase over the Note’s 
adjusted issue price, and the denominator of which is the excess of the sum of all amounts payable 
on the Note after the purchase date, other than payments of qualified stated interest, over the Note’s 
adjusted issue price.

--- Page 304 ---
301 
 
4. 
Market Discount  
A Note, other than a Short-Term Note, generally will be treated as purchased at a market discount (a 
“Market Discount Note”) if the Note’s stated redemption price at maturity or, in the case of a Discount 
Note, the Note’s “revised issue price”, exceeds the amount for which the U.S. Holder purchased the 
Note by at least 0.25% of the Note’s stated redemption price at maturity or revised issue price, 
respectively, multiplied by the number of complete remaining years to the Note’s maturity (or, in the 
case of a Note that is an instalment obligation, the Note’s weighted average remaining maturity).  If 
this excess is not sufficient to cause the Note to be a Market Discount Note, then the excess constitutes 
“de minimis market discount”.  For this purpose, the “revised issue price” of a Note generally equals 
its issue price, increased by the amount of any OID that has accrued on the Note and decreased by 
the amount of any payments previously made on the Note that were not qualified stated interest 
payments.   
Under current law, any gain recognized on the maturity or disposition of a Market Discount Note 
(including any payment on a Note that is not qualified stated interest) will be treated as ordinary income 
to the extent that the gain does not exceed the accrued market discount on the Note.  Alternatively, a 
U.S. Holder of a Market Discount Note may elect to include market discount in income currently over 
the life of the Note.  This election will apply to all debt instruments with market discount acquired by 
the electing U.S. Holder on or after the first day of the first taxable year to which the election applies.  
This election may not be revoked without the consent of the IRS.  A U.S. Holder of a Market Discount 
Note that does not elect to include market discount in income currently will generally be required to 
defer deductions for interest on borrowings incurred to purchase or carry a Market Discount Note that 
is in excess of the interest and OID on the Note includible in the U.S. Holder’s income, to the extent 
that this excess interest expense does not exceed the portion of the market discount allocable to the 
days on which the Market Discount Note was held by the U.S. Holder.   
Under current law, market discount will accrue on a straight-line basis unless the U.S. Holder elects to 
accrue the market discount on a constant-yield method.  This election applies only to the Note with 
respect to which it is made and is irrevocable.   
Market Discount on a Note that is denominated in, or determined by reference to, a foreign currency 
will be accrued by a U.S. Holder in the foreign currency. If the U.S. Holder elects to include market 
discount in income currently, the accrued market discount will be translated into U.S. dollars at the 
average exchange rate for the accrual period (or portion thereof within the U.S. Holder’s taxable year). 
Upon the receipt of an amount attributable to accrued market discount, the U.S. Holder will recognize 
ordinary income or loss measured in the same manner as for accrued qualified stated interest or OID. 
A U.S. Holder that does not make this election will recognize, upon the disposition or maturity of the 
Note, the U.S. dollar value of the amount accrued, calculated at the exchange rate in effect on that 
date, and no part of this accrued market discount will be treated as exchange gain or loss. 
5. 
Election to Treat All Interest as Original Issue Discount  
A U.S. Holder may elect to include in gross income all interest that accrues on a Note using the 
constant-yield method described above under “—Original Issue Discount”, with certain limitations.  For 
purposes of this election, interest includes stated interest, OID, de minimis OID, market discount, de 
minimis market discount and unstated interest, as adjusted by any amortizable bond premium 
(described below under “—Notes Purchased at a Premium”) or acquisition premium.  In applying the 
constant yield method to a Note with respect to which an election is made, the Note’s issue price will 
equal the U.S. Holder’s adjusted basis in the Note immediately after the acquisition and no payments 
on the Note will be treated as payments of qualified stated interest.  This election will generally apply 
only to the Note with respect to which it is made and may not be revoked without the consent of the 
IRS.  If the election to apply the constant-yield method to all interest on a Note is made with respect to 
a Market Discount Note, the electing U.S. Holder will be treated as having made the election discussed 
above under “—Market Discount” to include market discount in income currently over the life of all debt 
instruments with market discount held or thereafter acquired by the U.S. Holder.  U.S. Holders should 
consult their tax advisers concerning the propriety and consequences of this election.

--- Page 305 ---
302 
 
6. 
Variable Interest Rate Notes  
Notes that provide for interest at variable or floating rates (“Variable Interest Rate Notes”) generally 
will bear interest at a “qualified floating rate” and thus will be treated as “variable rate debt instruments” 
under U.S. Treasury regulations governing accrual of OID.  A Variable Interest Rate Note will qualify 
as a “variable rate debt instrument” if (a) its issue price does not exceed the total non-contingent 
principal payments due under the Variable Interest Rate Note by more than a specified de minimis 
amount and (b) it provides for stated interest, paid or compounded at least annually, at (i) one or more 
qualified floating rates, (ii) a single fixed rate and one or more qualified floating rates, (iii) a single 
objective rate, or (iv) a single fixed rate and a single objective rate that is a qualified inverse floating 
rate, and (c) it does not provide for any principal payments that are contingent (other than as described 
in (a) above).   
A “qualified floating rate” is any variable rate where variations in the value of the rate can reasonably 
be expected to measure contemporaneous variations in the cost of newly borrowed funds in the 
currency in which the Variable Interest Rate Note is denominated.  A fixed multiple of a qualified floating 
rate will constitute a qualified floating rate only if the multiple is greater than 0.65 but not more than 
1.35.  A variable rate equal to the product of a qualified floating rate and a fixed multiple that is greater 
than 0.65 but not more than 1.35, increased or decreased by a fixed rate, will also constitute a qualified 
floating rate.  In addition, two or more qualified floating rates that can reasonably be expected to have 
approximately the same values throughout the term of the Variable Interest Rate Note (e.g., two or 
more qualified floating rates with values within 25 basis points of each other as determined on the 
Variable Interest Rate Note’s issue date) will be treated as a single qualified floating rate.  
Notwithstanding the foregoing, a variable rate that would otherwise constitute a qualified floating rate 
but which is subject to one or more restrictions such as a maximum numerical limitation (i.e., a cap) or 
a minimum numerical limitation (i.e., a floor) may, under certain circumstances, fail to be treated as a 
qualified floating rate unless the cap or floor is fixed throughout the term of the Note.   
An “objective rate” is a rate that is not itself a qualified floating rate but which is determined using a 
single fixed formula and which is based on objective financial or economic information (e.g., one or 
more qualified floating rates or the yield of actively traded personal property).  A rate will not qualify as 
an objective rate if it is based on information that is within the control of the Issuer (or a related party) 
or that is unique to the circumstances of the Issuer (or a related party), such as dividends, profits or 
the value of the Issuer’s stock (although a rate does not fail to be an objective rate merely because it 
is based on the credit quality of the Issuer).  Other variable interest rates may be treated as objective 
rates if so designated by the IRS in the future.  Despite the foregoing, a variable rate of interest on a 
Variable Interest Rate Note will not constitute an objective rate if it is reasonably expected that the 
average value of the rate during the first half of the Variable Interest Rate Note’s term will be either 
significantly less than or significantly greater than the average value of the rate during the final half of 
the Variable Interest Rate Note’s term.  A “qualified inverse floating rate” is any objective rate where 
the rate is equal to a fixed rate minus a qualified floating rate, as long as variations in the rate can 
reasonably be expected to inversely reflect contemporaneous variations in the qualified floating rate.  
If a Variable Interest Rate Note provides for stated interest at a fixed rate for an initial period of one 
year or less followed by a variable rate that is either a qualified floating rate or an objective rate for a 
subsequent period and if the variable rate on the Variable Interest Rate Note’s issue date is intended 
to approximate the fixed rate (e.g., the value of the variable rate on the issue date does not differ from 
the value of the fixed rate by more than 25 basis points), then the fixed rate and the variable rate 
together will constitute either a single qualified floating rate or objective rate, as the case may be.   
A qualified floating rate or objective rate in effect at any time during the term of the instrument must be 
set at a “current value” of that rate.  A “current value” of a rate is the value of the rate on any day that 
is no earlier than three months prior to the first day on which that value is in effect and no later than 
one year following that first day.   
If a Variable Interest Rate Note that provides for stated interest at either a single qualified floating rate 
or a single objective rate throughout the term thereof qualifies as a “variable rate debt instrument”, 
then any stated interest on the Note which is unconditionally payable in cash or property (other than 
debt instruments of the Issuer) at least annually will constitute qualified stated interest and will be taxed 
accordingly.  Thus, a Variable Interest Rate Note that provides for stated interest at either a single 
qualified floating rate or a single objective rate throughout the term thereof and that qualifies as a

--- Page 306 ---
303 
 
“variable rate debt instrument” will generally not be treated as having been issued with OID unless the 
Variable Interest Rate Note is issued at a “true” discount (i.e., at a price below the Note’s stated 
principal amount) in excess of a specified de minimis amount.  OID on a Variable Interest Rate Note 
arising from “true” discount is allocated to an accrual period using the constant yield method described 
above by assuming that the variable rate is a fixed rate equal to (i) in the case of a qualified floating 
rate or qualified inverse floating rate, the value, as of the issue date, of the qualified floating rate or 
qualified inverse floating rate, or (ii) in the case of an objective rate (other than a qualified inverse 
floating rate), a fixed rate that reflects the yield that is reasonably expected for the Variable Interest 
Rate Note.   
In general, any other Variable Interest Rate Note that qualifies as a “variable rate debt instrument” will 
be converted into an “equivalent” fixed rate debt instrument for purposes of determining the amount 
and accrual of OID and qualified stated interest on the Variable Interest Rate Note.  Such a Variable 
Interest Rate Note must be converted into an “equivalent” fixed rate debt instrument by substituting 
any qualified floating rate or qualified inverse floating rate provided for under the terms of the Variable 
Interest Rate Note with a fixed rate equal to the value of the qualified floating rate or qualified inverse 
floating rate, as the case may be, as of the Variable Interest Rate Note’s issue date.  Any objective 
rate (other than a qualified inverse floating rate) provided for under the terms of the Variable Interest 
Rate Note is converted into a fixed rate that reflects the yield that is reasonably expected for the 
Variable Interest Rate Note.  In the case of a Variable Interest Rate Note that qualifies as a “variable 
rate debt instrument” and provides for stated interest at a fixed rate in addition to either one or more 
qualified floating rates or a qualified inverse floating rate, the fixed rate is initially converted into a 
qualified floating rate (or a qualified inverse floating rate, if the Variable Interest Rate Note provides for 
a qualified inverse floating rate).  Under these circumstances, the qualified floating rate or qualified 
inverse floating rate that replaces the fixed rate must be such that the fair market value of the Variable 
Interest Rate Note as of the Variable Interest Rate Note’s issue date is approximately the same as the 
fair market value of an otherwise identical debt instrument that provides for either the qualified floating 
rate or qualified inverse floating rate rather than the fixed rate.  Subsequent to converting the fixed rate 
into either a qualified floating rate or a qualified inverse floating rate, the Variable Interest Rate Note is 
converted into an “equivalent” fixed rate debt instrument in the manner described above.   
Once the Variable Interest Rate Note is converted into an “equivalent” fixed rate debt instrument 
pursuant to the foregoing rules, the amount of OID and qualified stated interest, if any, are determined 
for the “equivalent” fixed rate debt instrument by applying the general OID rules to the “equivalent” 
fixed rate debt instrument and a U.S. Holder of the Variable Interest Rate Note will account for the OID 
and qualified stated interest as if the U.S. Holder held the “equivalent” fixed rate debt instrument.  In 
each accrual period, appropriate adjustments will be made to the amount of qualified stated interest or 
OID assumed to have been accrued or paid with respect to the “equivalent” fixed rate debt instrument 
in the event that these amounts differ from the actual amount of interest accrued or paid on the Variable 
Interest Rate Note during the accrual period.   
If a Variable Interest Rate Note, such as a Note the payments on which are determined by reference 
to an index, does not qualify as a “variable rate debt instrument”, then the Variable Interest Rate Note 
may be treated as a contingent payment debt obligation.  The proper U.S. federal income tax treatment 
of Variable Interest Rate Notes that are treated as contingent payment debt obligations will be more 
fully described in the applicable Issue Terms.   
The Issuer may in certain circumstances modify a Variable Interest Rate Note to change the relevant 
base rate to a successor base rate (such change, a “Base Rate Modification”).  It is possible that a 
Base Rate Modification will be treated as a deemed exchange of old Notes for new Notes, which may 
be taxable to U.S. holders.  Proposed United States Treasury regulations describe circumstances 
under which a Base Rate Modification (or other related adjustments to the calculation of the interest 
rate on the Notes) would not be treated as a deemed exchange of old Notes for new Notes.  Under 
the proposed regulations, generally, an alteration of the terms of a debt instrument to replace a rate 
referencing an interbank offered rate (such as EURIBOR) with a “qualified rate” as defined in the 
proposed regulations, and associated alterations reasonably necessary to adopt or implement that 
replacement, would not be treated as a deemed exchange.  It cannot be determined at this time 
whether the final regulations on this issue will contain the same standards as the proposed regulations. 
U.S. holders should consult with their own tax advisors regarding the potential consequences of a 
Base Rate Modification.

--- Page 307 ---
304 
 
7. 
Short-Term Notes  
In general, an individual or other cash basis U.S. Holder of a Short-Term Note is not required to accrue 
OID (as specially defined below for the purposes of this paragraph) for U.S. federal income tax 
purposes unless it elects to do so (but may be required to include any stated interest in income as the 
interest is received).  Accrual basis U.S. Holders and certain other U.S. Holders are required to accrue 
OID on Short-Term Notes on a straight-line basis or, if the U.S. Holder so elects, under the constant-
yield method (based on daily compounding).  In the case of a U.S. Holder not required and not electing 
to include OID in income currently, any gain realized on the sale or retirement of the Short-Term Note 
will be ordinary income to the extent of the OID accrued on a straight-line basis (unless an election is 
made to accrue the OID under the constant-yield method) through the date of sale or retirement.  U.S. 
Holders who are not required and do not elect to accrue OID on Short-Term Notes will be required to 
defer deductions for interest on borrowings allocable to Short-Term Notes in an amount not exceeding 
the deferred income until the deferred income (including acquisition discount) is realized.  For this 
purpose, acquisition discount is the excess, if any, of the Note’s stated redemption price at maturity 
over the U.S. Holder’s basis in the Notes. 
For purposes of determining the amount of OID subject to these rules, all interest payments on a Short-
Term Note are included in the Short-Term Note’s stated redemption price at maturity.  A U.S. Holder 
may elect to determine OID on a Short-Term Note as if the Short-Term Note had been originally issued 
to the U.S. Holder at the U.S. Holder’s purchase price for the Short-Term Note.  This election shall 
apply to all obligations with a maturity of one year or less acquired by the U.S. Holder on or after the 
first day of the first taxable year to which the election applies, and may not be revoked without the 
consent of the IRS.   
8. 
Reopenings 
The Issuer may, without the consent of the Holders of outstanding Notes, issue additional Notes with 
identical terms as previously issued Notes.  These additional Notes, even if they are treated for non-
tax purposes as part of the same series as the original Notes, in some cases may be treated as a 
separate series for U.S. federal income tax purposes.  In such a case, the additional Notes may be 
considered to have been issued with OID even if the original Notes had no OID, or the additional Notes 
may have a greater amount of OID than the original Notes.  These differences may affect the market 
value of the original Notes if the additional Notes are not otherwise distinguishable from the original 
Notes.   
9. 
Notes Purchased at a Premium 
A U.S. Holder that purchases a Note for an amount in excess of its principal amount, or for a Discount 
Note, its stated redemption price at maturity, may elect to treat the excess as “amortizable bond 
premium”, in which case the amount required to be included in the U.S. Holder’s income each year 
with respect to interest on the Note will be reduced by the amount of amortizable bond premium 
allocable (based on the Note’s yield to maturity) to that year.  In the case of a Note that is denominated 
in, or determined by reference to, a foreign currency, bond premium will be computed in units of foreign 
currency, and amortizable bond premium will reduce interest income in units of the foreign currency.  
At the time amortized bond premium offsets interest income, U.S. source exchange gain or loss 
(taxable as ordinary income or loss) will be realized measured by the difference between exchange 
rates at that time and at the time of the acquisition of the Notes.  A U.S. Holder that does not elect to 
take bond premium (other than acquisition premium) into account currently will recognize a market 
loss when the Note matures.  Any election to amortize bond premium shall apply to all bonds (other 
than bonds the interest on which is excludable from gross income for U.S. federal income tax 
purposes) held by the U.S. Holder at the beginning of the first taxable year to which the election applies 
or thereafter acquired by the U.S. Holder, and is irrevocable without the consent of the IRS.  See also 
“— Election to Treat All Interest as Original Issue Discount”.  
10. 
Substitution of Issuer 
The terms of the Notes provide that, in certain circumstances, the obligations of the Issuer under the 
Notes may be assumed by another entity. Any such assumption might be treated for U.S. federal 
income tax purposes as a deemed disposition of Notes by a U.S. Holder in exchange for new notes

--- Page 308 ---
305 
 
issued by the new obligor. As a result of this deemed disposition, a U.S. Holder could be required to 
recognize capital gain or loss for U.S. federal income tax purposes equal to the difference, if any, 
between the issue price of the new notes (as determined for U.S. federal income tax purposes), and 
the U.S. Holder’s tax basis in the Notes. U.S. Holders should consult their tax advisers concerning the 
U.S. federal income tax consequences to them of a change in obligor with respect to the Notes. 
11. 
Purchase, Sale and Retirement of Notes  
A U.S. Holder’s tax basis in a Note will generally be its U.S. dollar cost (as defined below) increased 
by the amount of any OID or market discount included in the U.S. Holder’s income with respect to the 
Note and the amount, if any, of income attributable to de minimis OID and de minimis market discount 
included in the U.S. Holder’s income with respect to the Note, and reduced by (i) the amount of any 
payments that are not qualified stated interest payments, and (ii) the amount of any amortizable bond 
premium applied to reduce interest on the Note.  The U.S. dollar cost of a Note purchased with a 
foreign currency will generally be the U.S. dollar value of the purchase price on the date of purchase 
or, in the case of Notes traded on an established securities market, as defined in the applicable U.S. 
Treasury regulations, that are purchased by a cash basis U.S. Holder (or an accrual basis U.S. Holder 
that so elects), on the settlement date for the purchase.   
A U.S. Holder will generally recognize gain or loss on the sale or retirement of a Note equal to the 
difference between the amount realized on the sale or retirement and the tax basis of the Note.  The 
amount realized on a sale or retirement for an amount in foreign currency will be the U.S. dollar value 
of this amount on the date of sale or retirement or, in the case of Notes traded on an established 
securities market, as defined in the applicable U.S. Treasury regulations, sold by a cash basis U.S. 
Holder (or an accrual basis U.S. Holder that so elects), on the settlement date for the sale.  Such an 
election by an accrual basis U.S. Holder must be applied consistently from year to year and cannot be 
revoked without the consent of the IRS.  Except to the extent described above under “— Market 
Discount” or “— Short Term Notes” or attributable to accrued but unpaid interest or changes in 
exchange rates, gain or loss recognized on the sale or retirement of a Note will be capital gain or loss 
and will be long-term capital gain or loss if the U.S. Holder’s holding period in the Notes exceeds one 
year.   
Gain or loss recognized by a U.S. Holder on the sale or retirement of a Note that is attributable to 
changes in exchange rates will be treated as U.S. source ordinary income or loss.  However, exchange 
gain or loss is taken into account only to the extent of total gain or loss realized on the transaction.  
Gain or loss realized by a U.S. Holder on the sale or retirement of a Note generally will be U.S. source.  
A U.S. person holding a Bearer Note or Exchangeable Bearer Note with a maturity of more than one 
year will generally be required to treat any gain on disposal as ordinary income rather than capital gain, 
and no deduction will be allowed in respect of any loss.   
12. 
Exchange of Amounts in Currencies other than U.S. Dollars  
Foreign currency received as interest on a Note or on the sale or retirement of a Note will have a tax 
basis equal to its U.S. dollar value at the time the interest is received or at the time of the sale or 
retirement.  Foreign currency that is purchased will generally have a tax basis equal to the U.S. dollar 
value of the foreign currency on the date of purchase.  Any gain or loss recognized on a sale or other 
disposition of a foreign currency (including its use to purchase Notes or an exchange for U.S. dollars) 
will be U.S. source ordinary income or loss.   
13. 
Backup Withholding and Information Reporting  
In general, payments of principal, interest and accrued OID on, and the proceeds of a sale, redemption 
or other disposition of, the Notes, payable to a non-corporate U.S. Holder by a U.S. paying agent or 
other U.S. intermediary will be reported to the IRS and to the U.S. Holder as may be required under 
applicable regulations unless such U.S. Holder establishes a basis for such exemption.  Backup 
withholding will apply to these reportable payments and accruals of OID if the U.S. Holder fails to 
provide an accurate taxpayer identification number or certification of exempt status or fails to report all 
interest and dividends required to be shown on its U.S. federal income tax returns.  Backup withholding 
is not an additional tax.  Any amount withheld from payment to a U.S. Holder under the backup 
withholding rules will be allowed as a credit against the holder’s U.S. federal income tax liability and

--- Page 309 ---
306 
 
may entitle the holder to a refund, provided the required information is furnished to the IRS in a timely 
manner.  U.S. Holders should consult their tax advisers as to the application of backup withholding in 
their particular situation, their qualification for exemption from backup withholding and the procedure 
for obtaining an exemption, if available.  
Certain U.S. holders are required to report information with respect to their investment in Notes not 
held through an account with a domestic financial institution to the IRS.  Investors who fail to report 
required information, which may be done by filing an IRS Form 8938, are subject to substantial 
penalties.  Potential investors are encouraged to consult with their own tax advisers regarding the 
possible implications of this proposed legislation on their investment in the Notes. 
A U.S. holder may be required specifically to report a sale, retirement or other taxable disposition of 
Notes to the IRS if it recognizes a loss over a threshold amount, including a foreign currency loss from 
a single transaction that exceeds, in the case of an individual or trust, US$50,000 in a single taxable 
year or, in other cases, various higher thresholds.  U.S. Holders that recognize a loss on a Note should 
consult their tax advisers. 
(b) 
United States Alien Holders  
1. 
General 
Under current U.S. federal income tax laws, and subject to the discussion of backup withholding and 
FATCA Withholding in the following sections:  
1.1. 
Payments of principal, OID and interest by the Issuer or any paying agent to any holder of a 
Note who is a United States Alien (as defined below) will not be subject to U.S. federal income 
tax unless the income is effectively connected with the conduct of a trade or business in the 
United States.   
1.2. 
A United States Alien holder of a Note or Coupon will not be subject to U.S. federal income 
tax on any gain or income realized upon the sale, exchange or retirement or other disposition 
of a Note or Coupon unless the gain or income is effectively connected with the conduct of a 
trade or business in the United States or such United States Alien is an individual present in 
the United States for at least 183 days during the taxable year on disposition and certain other 
conditions are met. 
1.3. 
Except as required by FATCA as described below, a beneficial owner of a Bearer Note or 
Coupon or an Exchangeable Bearer Note that is a United States Alien will not be required to 
disclose its nationality, residence or identity to the Issuer, a paying agent, or any U.S. 
governmental authority in order to receive payment on the Note or Coupon from the Issuer or 
a paying agent outside the United States (although in order to receive a beneficial interest in 
a Permanent Global Note or Definitive Notes and Coupons and interest thereon the beneficial 
owner of an interest in a temporary Global Note will be required to provide a certificate of non-
U.S. beneficial ownership to Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg).  
Section 871(m) of the Code and Treasury regulations promulgated thereunder (“Section 871(m)”) 
generally impose a 30% withholding tax on dividend equivalents paid or deemed paid to non-U.S. 
holders with respect to certain financial instruments linked to U.S. equities or indices that include U.S. 
equities (such equities and indices, “U.S. Underlying Equities”). Section 871(m) generally applies to 
instruments that substantially replicate the economic performance of one or more U.S. Underlying 
Equities, as determined upon issuance, based on tests set forth in the applicable Treasury regulations 
(a “Specified Security”). Specifically, and subject to the pre-2023 exemption described below, Section 
871(m) will apply if, at issuance, a financial instrument either meets (i) a “delta” test, if it is a “simple” 
contract, or (ii) a “substantial equivalence” test, if it is a “complex” contract. Section 871(m) provides 
certain exceptions to this withholding regime, in particular for instruments linked to certain broad-based 
indices that meet requirements set forth in the applicable Treasury regulations as well as securities 
that track such indices. Regulations under Section 871(m) exempt financial instruments issued prior 
to 2023 that are not “delta-one.”  The Issuer is not required to gross-up any payment for the imposition 
of U.S. taxes imposed under Section 871(m).

--- Page 310 ---
307 
 
A determination that the securities are not subject to Section 871(m) is not binding on the IRS, and the 
IRS may disagree with this treatment. Moreover, Section 871(m) is complex and its application may 
depend on your particular circumstances. For example, if you enter into other transactions relating to 
U.S. underlying securities, you could be subject to withholding tax or income tax liability under Section 
871(m) even if the securities are not Specified Securities subject to Section 871(m) as a general 
matter. You should consult your tax adviser regarding the potential application of Section 871(m) to 
the securities. 
For purposes of this discussion, “United States Alien” means any corporation, individual or estate or 
trust that, for U.S. federal income tax purposes is not a U.S. Holder.   
2. 
Backup Withholding and Information Reporting  
The U.S. backup withholding and information reporting procedures are complex and can be impacted 
by a variety of factors.  The following discussion is a brief description of those rules that does not cover 
every possible circumstance but rather is intended to provide the reader with a general overview of 
their application to the Notes subject to this Prospectus.   
Payments of principal, OID and interest on Registered Notes made to a United States Alien to or 
through the U.S. office of a broker, or through a broker that is considered a U.S. payor or U.S. 
middleman (within the meaning of U.S. Treasury Regulations) will be subject to backup withholding 
unless the United States Alien provides the payer with an IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-
E, depending on the United States Alien’s status (or other appropriate type of IRS Form W-8) and 
certain other conditions are met, or the United States Alien otherwise establishes an exemption. 
Payments of principal, OID and interest on Bearer Notes and Exchangeable Bearer Notes made 
outside the United States to a United States Alien by a non-U.S. payor will not be subject to information 
reporting and backup withholding. 
In addition, except as provided in the following sentence, if principal, OID, or interest payments made 
with respect to Bearer Notes or Exchangeable Bearer Notes are collected outside the United States 
on behalf of a beneficial owner of a Bearer Note or Exchangeable Bearer Notes by a foreign office of 
a custodian, nominee or other agent who is not a U.S. Controlled Person (as defined below), the 
custodian, nominee or other agent will not be required to apply backup withholding to these payments 
when remitted to the beneficial owner and will not be subject to information reporting.  However, if the 
custodian, nominee or other agent is a U.S. Controlled Person, payments collected by its United States 
or foreign office may be subject to information reporting and backup withholding unless the custodian, 
nominee or other agent has in its records documentary evidence that the beneficial owner is not a U.S. 
person or is otherwise exempt from information reporting, but will not be subject to backup withholding 
unless the payor has actual knowledge that the payee is a U.S. person and no exception to backup 
withholding is otherwise established.   
Payments on the sale, exchange or other disposition of a Bearer Note or Exchangeable Bearer Note 
made to or through a foreign office of a broker will generally not be subject to information reporting or 
backup withholding.  However, if the broker is a U.S. Controlled Person, payments on the sale, 
exchange or other disposition of the Bearer Note or Exchangeable Bearer Note made to or through a 
United States or foreign office of the broker will be subject to information reporting unless the beneficial 
owner has furnished the broker with documentation upon which the broker can rely to treat the payment 
as made to a beneficial owner that is a foreign person, and the broker has no actual knowledge or 
reason to know that any of the information or certifications associated with this documentation is 
incorrect.   
For purposes of this discussion, a “U.S. Controlled Person” means (i) a U.S. person (as defined in 
the Code), (ii) a controlled foreign corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes, (iii) a foreign 
person 50% or more of whose gross income was effectively connected with the conduct of a United 
States trade or business for a specified three-year period, or (iv) a foreign partnership, if at any time 
during its tax year, one or more of its partners are U.S. persons who, in the aggregate, hold more than 
50% of the partnership’s income or capital interest or if, at any time during its tax year, it is engaged in 
the conduct of a trade or business in the United States.

--- Page 311 ---
308 
 
Any amounts withheld under the backup withholding rules may be allowed as a credit against the 
holder’s U.S. federal income tax liability, and may entitle the holder to a refund, provided the required 
information is furnished to the IRS in a timely manner.   
Holders should consult their tax advisers regarding the application of information reporting and backup 
withholding to their particular situations, the availability of an exemption therefrom, and the procedure 
for obtaining an exemption, if available.   
(c) 
FATCA 
FATCA may impose a 30% withholding tax on payments of U.S. source income to (i) certain FFIs that 
are not Compliant FFIs (by entering into and complying with an agreement to provide the IRS 
information about their accountholders (as defined for purposes of FATCA), complying with rules or 
law implementing an IGA between the United States and the non-U.S. financial institution’s jurisdiction 
implementing FATCA with respect to such jurisdiction or otherwise qualifying for an exemption from, 
or being deemed to comply with, FATCA) and (ii) certain NFFEs that do not provide payors information 
about their substantial U.S. holders or establish that they have no substantial U.S. holders. Such 
withholding would not apply prior to the date that is two years after the date on which final regulations 
defining foreign passthru payments are published in the U.S. Federal Register. 
Starting on the date that is two years after the date of publication of final U.S. Treasury regulations 
defining the term “foreign passthru payments”, FATCA may also impose withholding tax on such 
“foreign passthru payments” on obligations executed (or deemed re-executed) after the date that is six 
months after such publication date.  Thus, the Issuer may in certain circumstances be required under 
FATCA to withhold U.S. tax at a rate of 30% on all or a portion of payments of interest which are 
treated as “foreign passthru payments” made to (i) non-U.S. financial institutions (whether holding the 
Notes as a beneficial owner or intermediary) unless the payee is a Compliant FFI or (ii) any Recalcitrant 
Holders.  Whether or not FATCA withholding tax could apply to “foreign passthru payments” on the 
Notes may depend upon an applicable IGA relating to FATCA between the United States and the 
jurisdiction of the Issuer or the applicable Issuer Branch of Account.  
The United States and a number of other jurisdictions have reached, agreed in substance to or 
announced their intention to negotiate IGAs to facilitate the implementation of FATCA with respect to 
FFIs in such jurisdictions.  Under the “Model 1” IGA released by the United States, an FFI in an IGA 
signatory country that complies with requirements under the IGA could be treated as a Reporting FI 
not subject to withholding under FATCA on any payments it receives. Further, a Reporting FI in a 
Model 1 IGA jurisdiction would not be required to withhold under FATCA or an IGA (or any law 
implementing an IGA) from payments it makes unless it has agreed to do so under the U.S. “qualified 
intermediary,” “withholding foreign partnership,” or “withholding foreign trust” regimes. Under the Model 
1 IGA, a Reporting FI would still be required to report certain information in respect of its account 
holders and investors to its home government, which information will be exchanged with the IRS. The 
United States and Canada have entered into an agreement (the “US-Canada IGA”) based largely on 
the Model 1 IGA.  
The Issuer is a Reporting FI pursuant to the US-Canada IGA.  However, the FATCA rules, and in 
particular the rules governing foreign passthru payments, have not yet been fully developed, so the 
future application of FATCA to the Issuer and the holders of Notes is uncertain. Holders may be 
required to provide certain information to the Issuer or other payors in order (i) for holders to avoid 
FATCA withholding from payments on the Note, (ii) for the Issuer to avoid the imposition of a FATCA 
withholding tax on payments it receives or (iii) for the Issuer to comply with the rules under FATCA or 
an applicable IGA (including laws implementing such an IGA).  If a holder (including an intermediary) 
fails to provide the Issuer, or any other agent of the Issuer with any correct, complete and accurate 
information that may be required for the Issuer to comply with FATCA and/or to prevent the imposition 
of FATCA withholding tax, the Issuer may withhold amounts otherwise distributable to the holder.     
The requirements of the US-Canada IGA have been implemented through amendments to the Income 
Tax Act (Canada) and the enactment of the Canada-United States Enhanced Tax Information 
Exchange Agreement Implementation Act (the “US-Canada IGA Implementation Act”). Generally, 
under the terms of the US-Canada IGA Implementation Act and the US-Canada IGA, CIBC may be 
required to collect information from holders of Notes (other than Notes that are regularly traded on an 
established securities market for purposes of the IGA) regarding such holders’ status as “Specified

--- Page 312 ---
309 
 
U.S. Persons” as defined in the IGA (generally, U.S. residents and U.S. citizens) and report certain 
information to the Canada Revenue Agency regarding such persons’ investment in the Notes. The 
Canada Revenue Agency would then communicate this information to the IRS under the existing 
provisions of the Canada-United States Tax Convention (1980) (as amended). For this purpose, a 
Note is not considered to be “regularly traded” if the holder (other than certain financial institutions 
acting as intermediary) is registered on the books of CIBC. 
No additional amounts will be paid in respect of any tax withheld under the FATCA rules or any rules 
or laws implementing an IGA from payments on the Notes.  Potential investors should consult their tax 
advisers regarding the implications of the FATCA rules or any rules or laws implementing an IGA for 
their investment in Notes, including the implications resulting from the status under these rules of each 
financial intermediary through which they hold Notes. 
While the Notes are in global form and held within Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or DTC 
(together, the “Clearing Systems”), it is expected that FATCA will not affect the amount of any 
payments made under, or in respect of, the Notes by the Issuer, any paying agent and the Common 
Depositary  or Common Safekeeper, given that each of the entities in the payment chain beginning 
with the Issuer and ending with the relevant Clearing System is a major financial institution whose 
business is dependent on compliance with FATCA and that any alternative approach introduced under 
an intergovernmental agreement will be unlikely to affect the securities.  However, FATCA may affect 
payments made to custodians or intermediaries in the subsequent payment chain leading to the 
ultimate investor if any such custodian or intermediary generally is unable to receive payments free of 
FATCA withholding.  It also may affect payment to any ultimate investor that is a financial institution 
that is not entitled to receive payments free of withholding under FATCA, or an ultimate investor that 
fails to provide its broker (or other custodian or intermediary from which it receives payment) with any 
information, forms, other documentation or consents that may be necessary for the payments to be 
made free of FATCA withholding.  The documentation expressly contemplates the possibility that the 
securities may go into definitive form and therefore that they may be taken out of the Clearing Systems.  
If this were to happen, then a non-FATCA compliant holder could be subject to withholding.  However, 
definitive notes will only be printed in remote circumstances. 
THE SUMMARY OF U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX SET FORTH ABOVE IS INCLUDED FOR 
GENERAL INFORMATION ONLY.  ALL PROSPECTIVE PURCHASERS ARE URGED TO CONSULT 
THEIR TAX ADVISERS AS TO THE PARTICULAR TAX CONSEQUENCES TO THEM OF OWNING 
NOTES OR COUPONS, INCLUDING THE APPLICABILITY AND EFFECT OF STATE, LOCAL, 
FOREIGN AND OTHER TAX LAWS AND POSSIBLE CHANGES IN TAX LAW.   
 
Switzerland 
THE FOLLOWING SUMMARY DOES NOT PURPORT TO BE A COMPREHENSIVE DESCRIPTION 
OF ALL SWISS TAX CONSIDERATIONS THAT MAY BE RELEVANT TO A DECISION TO 
PURCHASE, OWN OR DISPOSE OF THE NOTES AND, IN PARTICULAR, DOES NOT CONSIDER 
SPECIFIC FACTS OR CIRCUMSTANCES THAT MAY APPLY TO A PARTICULAR PURCHASER. 
IT IS FOR GENERAL INFORMATION ONLY AND DOES NOT DISCUSS ALL TAX 
CONSEQUENCES OF AN INVESTMENT IN NOTES UNDER THE TAX LAWS OF SWITZERLAND. 
THIS SUMMARY IS BASED ON THE TAX LAWS OF SWITZERLAND CURRENTLY IN FORCE AND 
AS APPLIED ON THE DATE OF THIS PROSPECTUS WHICH ARE SUBJECT TO CHANGES (OR 
CHANGES IN INTERPRETATION) WHICH MAY HAVE RETROACTIVE EFFECT. PROSPECTIVE 
PURCHASERS ARE ADVISED TO CONSULT THEIR OWN TAX ADVISORS AS TO THE TAX 
CONSEQUENCES OF THE PURCHASE, OWNERSHIP AND DISPOSITION OF NOTES IN THE 
LIGHT OF THEIR PARTICULAR CIRCUMSTANCES. 
Swiss Income Tax 
Swiss Resident Noteholders 
Interest Payments or Redemption of Notes

--- Page 313 ---
310 
 
Swiss residents receiving periodic interest payments during the investment or at redemption as one-
time-interest generally must include these interest payments in their financial statements and/or in their 
income tax returns and owe individual income tax or corporate income tax on the relevant amounts. 
Notes which are not straight debt instruments but have components of debt instruments and 
derivatives intertwined generally qualify as combined instruments. The tax treatment of such Notes 
depends on whether the Notes are considered as transparent or not for Swiss income tax purposes. 
If the Note is considered as not transparent for Swiss income tax purposes, any amount received by 
the Noteholder (upon sale, laps, exercise or redemption) in excess of the amount invested (at issue or 
upon purchase) is treated as taxable income in the hands of the Noteholder if the Note qualifies as a 
note with predominant one-time interest payment. If the Note does not qualify as a note with 
predominant one-time interest payment, the Noteholder is subject to tax on the periodic interest 
payments and (at redemption) on the difference between initial issuance price and the redemption 
price. For the purpose of determining whether the Note is a note with predominant one-time interest 
payment the difference between initial issuance price and the redemption price is treated as one-time 
interest. 
If the Note is considered as transparent for Swiss income tax purposes, it will be split notionally in a 
debt instrument and a derivative instrument component. Gains or losses on the derivative instrument 
component are treated as capital gains or losses (see below). Interest payments received during the 
investment, at laps or exercise or at redemption as one-time interest related to the debt instrument 
component are treated as taxable income in the hands of the Noteholder. Such a treatment is also 
applicable for the purpose of determining whether the Note is a note with predominant one-time interest 
payment. 
The Note is generally considered as transparent if the debt and the derivative components are traded 
separately or if the different elements of the Note (such as the guaranteed redemption amount, the 
issuance price of the debt component, the interest rates determining the issuance price of the debt 
component) are separately stated in the sales documentation as well as in the offering prospectus and 
if each one of such components is separately evaluated. Such evaluation has to be performed through 
calculations of financial mathematics determining the intrinsic value of the debt instrument and the 
derivative instrument components contained in the Note. In particular, the calculations have to 
determine the notional issuance price of the debt instrument, based on the interest rate taken into 
account by the issuer which has to be at market value. The Swiss Federal Tax Administration has to 
approve such calculations. Such calculations have to be reviewed on a quarterly basis in order take 
into account the evolution of the interest rates. If the tax authorities are not provided with sufficient 
information the Notes can be treated as not transparent. Products with prevalent structures but for 
which the issuer does not provide the information allowing to distinguish the different elements of a 
product as described above are made transparent in retrospect by the tax authorities, banks or other 
channels of distribution if the following requirements are fulfilled:  
 
(a) the issuer of the product must have at least a single-A-rating; and  
 
(b) the product at hand has to be admitted to official quotation at the commercial exchange 
market or, at least, a market maker has to insure liquid trading of the product at hand.  
Liquid trading by a market maker is a condition that the key data of the product can be used as credible 
basis of calculation. 
Notes which are linked to underlying assets, such as bonds, shares, or baskets of such assets may 
also be treated, under certain circumstances, as direct investments in bonds, shares or in an 
investment fund. Notes linked to a basket of investment funds may be treated as an investment in an 
investment fund. 
Notes in the form of reverse convertibles linked to shares, precious metals and commodities with no 
guaranteed payments and a duration of less than or equal to one year may be treated as straight 
derivatives.

--- Page 314 ---
311 
 
Capital Gains 
Swiss Resident Private Noteholders 
Swiss resident Noteholders who do not qualify as so-called professional securities dealer for income 
tax purposes (“gewerbsmässiger Wertschriftenhändler”) and who hold the Notes as part of their private 
(as opposed to business) assets are hereby defined as Swiss Resident Private Noteholders. 
Swiss Resident Private Noteholders realise a tax free capital gain upon the disposal of Notes which 
do not qualify as notes with predominant one-time interest payment and realise taxable income if the 
Notes qualify as notes with one-time predominant interest payment. 
The tax treatment of capital gains on Notes which qualify as combined instruments (see above) 
depends on whether the Note qualifies as tax transparent or not. Notes which are not transparent for 
Swiss income tax purposes (see above) generally qualify as notes with predominant one-time interest 
payment and are treated as such. Notes which qualify as tax transparent are notionally split into a debt 
instrument and a derivative instrument component. The debt instrument component follows the usual 
tax treatment either as note with predominant one-time interest payment or as note with no 
predominant one-time interest payment as applicable. Capital gains arising from the derivative 
instrument component of transparent Notes are generally not subject to income tax in the hands of 
Swiss Resident Private Noteholders. 
With respect to capital gains arising from Notes linked to underlying assets, such as investment funds, 
bonds, shares or baskets of any of them see above under “Interest Payments or Redemption of Notes”. 
Swiss Resident Business Noteholders 
Gains realized on the sale of Notes, by Swiss resident individual Noteholders holding the Notes as 
part of their business assets as well as by Swiss resident legal entity Noteholders, are part of their 
business profit subject to individual income tax or corporate income taxes, respectively. The same 
applies to Swiss Resident Private Noteholders who qualify as so-called professional securities dealer 
(“gewerbsmässiger Wertschriftenhändler”). 
Non-Swiss Resident Noteholders 
Under present Swiss tax law, a Noteholder who is a non-resident of Switzerland and who, during the 
taxable year has not engaged in trade or business through a permanent establishment or a fixed place 
of business within Switzerland and who is not subject to taxation in Switzerland for any other reason, 
will not be subject to any Swiss federal, cantonal or municipal income tax on interest or gains realized 
on sale or redemption of the Notes. 
Swiss Stamp Duties 
Swiss Issuance Stamp Duty 
The issuance of the Notes by a non-Swiss resident issuer is not subject to Swiss issuance stamp duty. 
Swiss Transfer Stamp Duty 
The sale or transfer of the Notes with a duration of more than one year may be subject to Swiss transfer 
stamp duty at the current rate of 0.3 per cent. if such sale or transfer is made by or through the 
intermediary of a Swiss bank or other securities dealer as defined in the Swiss Stamp Tax Act and no 
exemption applies. The same applies in case of physical delivery of the underlying being a taxable 
security in the meaning of the Swiss Stamp Tax Act at redemption. 
Notes qualified as units in a foreign investment fund may be subject to the Swiss transfer stamp duty 
of up to 0.3 per cent. at issue.

--- Page 315 ---
312 
 
Swiss Withholding Tax 
All payments in respect of the Notes by a non-Swiss resident issuer are currently not subject to the 
Swiss withholding tax (“Verrechnungssteuer”). 
On 3 April 2020 the Swiss Federal Council proposed to exempt domestic legal entities and foreign 
investors from withholding tax on interest-bearing investments. This will enable corporate groups to 
issue their bonds in Switzerland without withholding tax hurdles. Technically speaking, this involves a 
partial switch to the paying agent principle. As a rule, banks would thus levy the new withholding tax 
in the future. The switch to the paying agent principle would close a loophole with regard to individuals 
in Switzerland and make income from foreign interest-bearing investments subject to withholding tax.. 
Under such a new paying agent-based regime, if enacted, a paying agent in Switzerland may be 
required to deduct Swiss withholding tax on any payments or any securing of payments of interest in 
respect of a Note for the benefit of the beneficial owner of the payment unless certain procedures are 
complied with to establish that the owner of the Note is not an individual resident in Switzerland. 
Automatic Exchange of Information in Tax Matters 
On 19 November 2014, Switzerland signed the Multilateral Competent Authority Agreement (the 
Switzerland has concluded a multilateral agreement with the European Union (the EU) on the 
international automatic exchange of information (“AEOI”) in tax matters, which applies to all EU 
member states. In addition, Switzerland signed the multilateral competent authority agreement on the 
automatic exchange of financial account information (“MCAA”), and a number of bilateral AEOI 
agreements with other countries, most of them on the basis of the MCAA. Based on these agreements 
and the implementing laws of Switzerland, Switzerland collects and exchanges data in respect of 
financial assets, held in, and income derived thereon and credited to, accounts or deposits (including 
Notes held in such accounts or deposits) with a paying agent in Switzerland for the benefit of individuals 
resident in a EU member state or in another treaty state. An up-to-date list of the AEOI agreements to 
which Switzerland is a party that are in effect, or signed but not yet in effect, can be found on the 
website of the State Secretariat for International Financial Matters SIF. 
Luxembourg 
Taxation in Luxembourg  
The following information is of a general nature only and is based on the laws presently in force in 
Luxembourg, though it is not intended to be, nor should it be construed to be, legal or tax advice. The 
information contained within this section is limited to Luxembourg withholding tax issues and 
prospective investors in the Notes should therefore consult their own professional advisers as to the 
effects of state, local or foreign laws, including Luxembourg tax law, to which they may be subject. 
Please be aware that the residence concept used under the respective headings below applies for 
Luxembourg income tax assessment purposes only. Any reference in the present section to a 
withholding tax or a tax of a similar nature, or to any other concepts, refers to Luxembourg tax law 
and/or concepts only. 
A holder of the Notes may not become resident, or deemed to be resident, in Luxembourg by reason 
only of the holding of the Notes, or the execution, performance, delivery and/or enforcement of the 
Notes. 
Non-resident Noteholders 
Under Luxembourg general tax laws currently in force, there is no withholding tax on payments of 
principal, premium or interest made to non-resident Noteholders, nor on accrued but unpaid interest 
in respect of the Notes, nor is any Luxembourg withholding tax payable upon redemption or repurchase 
of the Notes held by non-resident Noteholders.

--- Page 316 ---
313 
 
Resident Noteholders 
Under Luxembourg general tax laws currently in force and subject to the law of 23 December 2005, 
as amended (the “Relibi Law”), there is no withholding tax on payments of principal, premium or 
interest made to Luxembourg resident holders of Notes, nor on accrued but unpaid interest in respect 
of Notes, nor is any Luxembourg withholding tax payable upon redemption or repurchase of Notes 
held by Luxembourg resident Noteholders. 
Under the Relibi Law, payments of interest or similar income made or ascribed by a paying agent 
established in Luxembourg to or for an immediate benefit of an individual beneficial owner who is a 
resident of Luxembourg will be subject to a 20% withholding tax. In addition, pursuant to the Relibi 
Law, Luxembourg tax resident individuals who are the beneficial owners of savings income paid or 
ascribed by paying agents located in a Member State of the European Union other than Luxembourg 
or a Member State of the European Economic Area can opt to self-declare and pay a 20% tax on such 
savings income. 
Such 20% withholding tax or 20% tax will be in full discharge of income tax if the beneficial owner is 
an individual acting in the course of the management of his/her private wealth. When the paying agent 
is established in Luxembourg, the responsibility for the withholding of the tax is assumed by the 
Luxembourg paying agent. When the paying agent is not established in Luxembourg, the responsibility 
for the declaration and payment of the tax is assumed by the individual resident beneficial owner. 
For Belgian tax purposes, the following amounts are qualified and taxable as "interest": (i) the periodic 
interest income, (ii) any amount paid by the Issuer in excess of the issue price (whether or not on the 
maturity date and whether or not in cash and/or by physical delivery of a specified amount of one or 
more fund shares or units), and (iii) in case of a disposal of the Notes between two interest payment 
dates to any third party, excluding the Issuer, the pro rata of accrued interest corresponding to the 
detention period. 
For the purposes of the following paragraphs, any such gains and accrued interest are therefore 
referred to as interest. 
For Belgian tax purposes, if interest is in a foreign currency, it is converted into euro on the date of 
payment or attribution. 
Certain exemptions from withholding tax are available, for example in respect of interest paid by non-
resident issuers of bonds or notes to Belgian resident companies and to non-resident companies 
subject to Belgian non-resident income tax and investing these bonds or notes in a business activity 
in Belgium. 
Individuals resident in Belgium 
Payments of interest on the Notes made through a paying agent in Belgium will in principle be subject 
to a 30 per cent. withholding tax in Belgium (calculated on the interest received after deduction of any 
non-Belgian withholding taxes).  The Belgian withholding tax constitutes the final income tax for 
Belgian resident individuals (bevrijdende roerende voorheffing / précompte mobilier libératoire).  This 
means that they do not have to declare the interest obtained on the Notes in their personal income tax 
return, provided Belgian withholding tax was levied on these interest payments. 
Even if Belgian withholding tax has been retained, Belgian resident individuals may nevertheless elect 
to declare the interest in their personal income tax returns. Where an individual opts to declare such 
interest payments, he/she will normally be taxed separately at a flat tax rate of 30 per cent. (in the 
present case not increased by communal surcharges) or at the progressive personal tax rates taking 
into account the taxpayer's other declared income, whichever is lower. If the interest payment is 
declared, any retained Belgian withholding tax may be credited, and any excess will normally be 
reimbursed. 
However, if the interest is paid outside Belgium without the intervention of a Belgian paying agent, the 
interest received (after deduction of any non-Belgian withholding tax) must be declared in the personal 
income tax return and will be taxed at a flat rate of 30 per cent, unless progressive personal income 
tax rates are more favourable.

--- Page 317 ---
314 
 
Capital gains realised on the sale of the Notes on the secondary market before maturity are generally 
not taxable for individuals, except if the purchaser is the Issuer. In the latter case, capital gains are 
taxable as interest and subject to withholding tax if collected through a financial intermediary 
established in Belgium. The accrued interest part of a capital gain realized on a sale of the Notes which 
qualify as fixed income notes in the meaning of article 2, §1, 8° Belgian Income Tax Code is also 
taxable as interest. Capital losses realized on a sale of the Notes are not tax deductible. 
Other tax rules apply to Belgian resident individuals who do not hold the Notes as a private investment. 
Belgian resident companies 
Interest payments on the Notes made through a paying agent in Belgium to Belgian corporate investors 
will generally be subject to Belgian withholding tax, currently at a rate of 30 per cent.  However, an 
exemption may apply provided that certain formalities are complied with.  The exemption does not 
apply for income on zero coupon or capitalisation bonds.   
Interest on the Notes derived by Belgian corporate investors who are Belgian residents for tax 
purposes, i.e. who are subject to Belgian corporate income tax (Vennootschapsbelasting/Impôt des 
sociétés) and capital gains realised on the Notes will be subject to Belgian corporate income tax, the 
ordinary rate of which is equal to 25% (with a reduced rate of 20 per cent. applying to the first tranche 
of EUR 100,000 of taxable income of qualifying small companies as defined by article 1:24, §1 to §6 
of the Belgian Companies and Associations Code). If the interest has been subject to a foreign 
withholding tax, a foreign tax credit could be available against the Belgian tax due. For interest income, 
the foreign tax credit is generally equal to a fraction where the numerator is equal to the foreign tax 
and the denominator is equal to 100 minus the rate of the foreign tax, up to a maximum of 15/85 of the 
net amount received (subject to some further limitations).   
In addition, the Belgian withholding tax that has been levied is creditable in accordance with the 
applicable legal provisions. 
Capital gains realised on the sale of the Notes are taxable while capital losses are in principle tax 
deductible. 
Other tax rules apply to investment companies within the meaning of Article 185 bis of the Belgian 
Income Tax Code 1992 (Wetboek van inkomstenbelastingen 1992/Code des impôts sur les revenus 
1992) (the "BITC 1992"). 
Other Belgian legal entities 
Belgian legal entities subject to the Belgian tax on legal entities (Rechtspersonenbelasting/Impôt des 
personnes morales) will in principle be subject to a 30 per cent. withholding tax in Belgium on any 
payments of interest on the Notes made through a paying agent in Belgium and no further tax on legal 
entities will be due on the interest.  
However, if the interest is paid outside Belgium without the intervention of a Belgian paying agent and 
without the deduction of Belgian withholding tax, the legal entity itself is responsible for the declaration 
and payment of the 30 per cent. withholding tax. 
Capital gains realised on the sale of the Notes on the secondary market before maturity are generally 
not taxable for non-profit entities, except if the purchaser is the Issuer. In the latter case, capital gains 
are taxable as interest and subject to withholding tax if collected through a financial intermediary 
established in Belgium. The accrued interest part of a capital gain realized on a sale of Notes which 
qualify as fixed income Notes in the meaning of article 2, §1, 8° Belgian Income Tax Code is also 
taxable as interest. Capital losses realized on a sale of the Notes are not tax deductible. 
Taxation applicable to Organisations for Financing Pensions ("OFP") 
Interest and capital gains derived by Organisations for Financing Pensions in the meaning of the Law 
of 27 October 2006 on the activities and supervision of institutions for occupational retirement 
provision, are in principle exempt from Belgian corporate income tax. Capital losses are in principle 
not tax deductible. Subject to certain conditions, any Belgian withholding tax that has been levied can 
be credited against any corporate income tax due and any excess amount is in principle refundable.

--- Page 318 ---
315 
 
Belgian non-residents 
Investors who are non-residents of Belgium for Belgian tax purposes and are not holding the Notes 
through a Belgian establishment and do not invest the Notes in the course of their Belgian professional 
activity will in principle not incur or become liable for any Belgian tax on income or capital gains (save 
as the case may be, in the form of withholding tax). 
The interest income on the Notes paid through a professional intermediary in Belgium will, in principle, 
be subject to a 30 per cent. withholding tax, unless the Noteholder is resident in a country with which 
Belgium has concluded a double taxation agreement and delivers the requested affidavit.  If the income 
is not collected through a financial institution or other intermediary established in Belgium, no Belgian 
withholding tax is due. 
Non-resident investors that do not hold the Notes through a Belgian establishment can also obtain an 
exemption of Belgian withholding tax on interest from the Notes paid through a Belgian credit 
institution, a Belgian stock market company or a Belgian-recognized clearing or settlement institution, 
provided that their non-resident financial intermediary delivers an affidavit to such institution or 
company confirming (i) that the investors are non-residents, (ii) that the Notes are held in full ownership 
or in usufruct and (iii) that the Notes are not held for professional purposes in Belgium. 
The non-residents who use the Notes to exercise a professional activity in Belgium through a 
permanent establishment are subject to the same tax rules as the Belgian resident companies (see 
above).   
Tax on stock exchange transactions 
The acquisition of Notes upon their issuance (primary market) is not subject to the tax on stock 
exchange transactions (Taxe sur les opérations de bourse, Taks op de beursverrichtingen). 
A stock exchange tax will be levied on the purchase and sale of the Notes on the secondary market 
carried out by a Belgian resident investor through a professional intermediary if (i) entered into or 
carried out in Belgium through a professional intermediary, or (ii) deemed to be entered into or carried 
out in Belgium, which is the case if the order is directly or indirectly made to a professional intermediary 
established outside of Belgium, either by private individuals having their usual residence in Belgium, 
or legal entities for the account of their seat or establishment in Belgium. 
In such a scenario, the tax on stock exchange transactions is due by the Belgian Investor, unless the 
Belgian Investor can demonstrate that the tax on stock exchange transactions due has already been 
paid by the professional intermediary established outside of Belgium. In such a case, the foreign 
professional intermediary also has to provide each client (which gives such intermediary an order) with 
a qualifying order statement (bordereau/borderel), at the latest on the business day after the day the 
transaction concerned was realised. The qualifying order statements must be numbered in series and 
a duplicate must be retained by the financial intermediary. The duplicate can be replaced by a 
qualifying day-to-day listing, numbered in series. Alternatively, professional intermediaries established 
outside of Belgium could appoint a stock exchange tax representative in Belgium, subject to certain 
conditions and formalities ("Stock Exchange Tax Representative"). Such Stock Exchange Tax 
Representative will then be liable toward the Belgian Treasury for the tax on stock exchange 
transactions due and for complying with the reporting obligations and the obligations relating to the 
order statement (bordereau/borderel) in that respect. If such a Stock Exchange Tax Representative 
would have paid the tax on stock exchange transactions due, the Belgian Investor will, as per the 
above, no longer be the debtor of the tax on stock exchange transactions. 
The rate applicable for secondary sales and purchases in Belgium through a professional intermediary 
is 0.12 per cent. with a maximum amount of Euro 1,300 per transaction and per party or, as the case 
may be, 0.35 per cent. with a maximum amount of Euro 1,600 per transaction and per party. The tax 
is due separately from each party to any such transaction, i.e. the seller (transferor) and the purchaser 
(transferee), both collected by the professional intermediary. 
The tax on stock exchange transactions will not be payable by exempt persons acting for their own 
account including investors who are not Belgian residents provided they deliver an affidavit to the 
financial intermediary in Belgium confirming their non-resident status and certain Belgian institutional

--- Page 319 ---
316 
 
investors as defined in Article 126/1, 2° of the Code of miscellaneous taxes and duties (Code des 
droits et taxes divers/Wetboek diverse rechten en taksen) for the tax on stock exchange transactions. 
Tax on securities accounts 
The tax on securities accounts applies as of tax assessment year 2022 (income year 2021). 
An annual tax of 0.15% is levied on securities accounts of which the average value of the taxable 
financial instruments (covering, amongst others, financial instruments such as the Notes but also cash 
and money market instruments) held thereon during a reference period of twelve consecutive months 
(in principle) starting on 1 October and ending on 30 September of the subsequent year, would exceed 
EUR 1 million. The tax due is capped at 10% of the part of the said average value exceeding the EUR 
1 million threshold. 
The tax targets securities accounts held by resident individuals, companies and legal entities, 
irrespective as to whether these accounts are held with a financial intermediary which is established 
or located in Belgium or abroad. The tax also applies to securities accounts held by non-resident 
individuals, companies and legal entities with a financial intermediary established or located in 
Belgium. 
There are exemptions, such as securities accounts held by specific types of regulated entities for their 
own account. These regulated entities include, amongst others, (i) financial undertakings as listed in 
Article 198/1, §6, 1° to 12° of the BITC 1992, (ii) central banks, (iii) stockbroking firms as defined by 
Article 1, §3 of the Law of 25 April 2014 on the status and supervision of credit institutions and 
investment companies, and (iv) institutions listed in Article 2, §1, 13°/1, first section, a) to c) of the 
BITC 1992, with the exception of institutions and compartment listed in Article 2, §1, 13°/1, second 
and third sections of the BITC 1992. 
A new retroactive anti-abuse provision applies as from 30 October 2020, for certain transactions 
carried out in order to avoid the application of this tax. 
In cases where a Belgian financial intermediary is responsible for the tax – i.e. either incorporated 
under Belgian law, established in Belgium or having appointed a Belgian representative – that 
intermediary has to submit a return on the twentieth day of the third month following the end of the 
reference period at the latest. The tax must be paid on this day. In any other case, the taxpayer itself 
has to submit a tax return within the same time limit as that provided for the filing of its personal income 
tax return. The tax will have to be paid on the 31st of August of the year following the end of the 
reference period at the latest. 
The Netherlands 
The following summary of certain Dutch taxation matters is based on the laws and practice in force as 
of the date of this Prospectus and is subject to any changes in law and the interpretation and 
application thereof, which changes could have retroactive effect. The following summary does not 
purport to be a comprehensive description of all the tax considerations that may be relevant to a 
decision to acquire, hold or dispose of Notes and does not purport to deal with the tax consequences 
applicable to all categories of investors, some of which may be subject to special rules. 
For the purpose of this summary it is assumed that the Issuer is not and is not deemed to be resident 
(gevestigd) and does not have a permanent establishment (vaste inrichting) in The Netherlands for the 
relevant tax purposes. 
For the purpose of the paragraph "Taxes on Income and Capital Gains" below the term "entity" means 
a corporation as well as any other person that is taxable as a corporation for Dutch corporate tax 
purposes. 
For the purpose of the paragraph "Taxes on Income and Capital Gains" below it is assumed that no 
holder of Notes, being an individual and tax resident in The Netherlands, has or will have a substantial 
interest (aanmerkelijk belang) and that no connected person (verbonden persoon) to the holder has or 
will have a substantial interest in the Issuer.

--- Page 320 ---
317 
 
Generally speaking, an individual has a substantial interest in a company if (a) the individual, either 
alone or together with the individual's partner, directly or indirectly has or is deemed to have, or (b) 
certain relatives of the individual or the individual's partner directly or indirectly have or are deemed to 
have, (i) the ownership of, a right to acquire the ownership of, or certain rights over, shares 
representing 5% or more of either the total issued and outstanding capital of such company or the 
issued and outstanding capital of any class of shares of such company, or (ii) the ownership of, or 
certain rights over, profit participating certificates (winstbewijzen) that relate to 5% or more of either 
the annual profit or the liquidation proceeds of such company.  
Where this summary refers to a holder of Notes, an individual holding Notes or an entity holding Notes, 
such reference is restricted to an individual or entity holding legal title to as well as an economic interest 
in such Notes or otherwise being regarded as owning Notes for Dutch tax purposes. It is noted that for 
purposes of Dutch income, corporate, gift and inheritance tax, assets legally owned by a third party 
such as a trustee, foundation or similar entity, may be treated as assets owned by the (deemed) settlor, 
grantor or similar originator or the beneficiaries in proportion to their interest in such arrangement. 
Where the summary refers to "The Netherlands" or "Dutch" it refers only to the European part of the 
Kingdom of the Netherlands. 
Where this summary refers to Notes, such reference includes Coupons and Talons. 
Investors should consult their professional advisers as to the tax consequences of acquiring, holding 
and disposing of Notes. 
Withholding Tax 
All payments of principal and interest by the Issuer under the Notes can be made without withholding 
or deduction of any taxes of whatever nature imposed, levied, withheld or assessed by The 
Netherlands or any political subdivision or taxing authority thereof or therein. 
Taxes on Income and Capital Gains 
Residents 
Resident entities 
An entity holding Notes which is or is deemed to be resident in The Netherlands for Dutch corporate 
tax purposes and which is not tax exempt, will generally be subject to Dutch corporate tax in respect 
of income or a capital gain derived from the Notes at the prevailing statutory rates (up to 25.8% in 
2022). 
Resident individuals 
An individual holding Notes who is or is deemed to be resident in The Netherlands for Dutch income 
tax purposes will generally be subject to Dutch income tax in respect of income or a capital gain derived 
from the Notes at the prevailing statutory rates (up to 49.50% in 2022) if: 
(i) 
the income or capital gain is attributable to an enterprise from which the holder derives profits 
(other than as a shareholder); or 
(ii) 
the income or capital gain qualifies as income from miscellaneous activities (belastbaar 
resultaat uit overige werkzaamheden) as defined in the Income Tax Act 2001 (Wet inkomstenbelasting 
2001), including, without limitation, activities that exceed normal, active asset management (normaal, 
actief vermogensbeheer). 
If neither condition (i) nor (ii) applies, the individual will generally be subject to Dutch income tax on 
the basis of a deemed return, regardless of any actual income or capital gain derived from the Notes. 
For 2022, the deemed return ranges from 1.82% to 5.53% of the value of the individual's net assets 
as at the beginning of the relevant fiscal year (including the Notes). The applicable percentages will 
be updated annually on the basis of historic market yields. Subject to application of certain allowances,

--- Page 321 ---
318 
 
the deemed return will be taxed at the prevailing statutory rate (31% in 2022).  Based on a decision of 
the Dutch Supreme Court (Hoge Raad) of 24 December 2021 (ECLI:NL:HR:2021:1963), the current 
system of taxation based on a deemed return may under specific circumstances contravene with 
Section 1 of the First Protocol to the European Convention on Human Rights in combination with 
Section 14 of the European Convention on Human Rights. The Dutch State Secretary for Tax Affairs 
and Tax Administration has announced that the system of taxation based on a deemed return will be 
amended. 
Non-residents 
A holder of Notes which is not and is not deemed to be resident in The Netherlands for the relevant 
tax purposes will not be subject to Dutch taxation on income or a capital gain derived from the Notes, 
unless: 
(i) 
the income or capital gain is attributable to an enterprise or part thereof which is either 
effectively managed in The Netherlands or carried on through a permanent establishment (vaste 
inrichting) or a permanent representative (vaste vertegenwoordiger) taxable in The Netherlands and 
the holder derives profits from such enterprise (other than by way of the holding of securities); or 
(ii) 
the holder is an individual and the income or capital gain qualifies as income from 
miscellaneous activities (belastbaar resultaat uit overige werkzaamheden) in The Netherlands as 
defined in the Income Tax Act 2001 (Wet inkomstenbelasting 2001), including, without limitation, 
activities that exceed normal, active asset management (normaal, actief vermogensbeheer). 
Gift and Inheritance Taxes 
Dutch gift or inheritance tax will not be levied on the occasion of the transfer of Notes by way of gift 
by, or on the death of, a holder of Notes, unless: 
(i) 
the holder is or is deemed to be resident in The Netherlands for the purpose of the relevant 
provisions; or 
(ii) 
the transfer is construed as an inheritance or gift made by, or on behalf of, a person who, at 
the time of the gift or death, is or is deemed to be resident in The Netherlands for the purpose of the 
relevant provisions. 
Value Added Tax 
There is no Dutch value added tax payable by a holder of Notes in respect of payments in consideration 
for the issue or acquisition of Notes, payments of principal and interest under the Notes, or payments 
in consideration for a disposal of Notes. 
Other Taxes and Duties  
There is no Dutch registration tax, stamp duty or any other similar tax or duty payable in The 
Netherlands by a holder of Notes in respect of or in connection with the acquisition, holding or disposal 
of Notes, the execution, delivery and/or enforcement by legal proceedings (including any foreign 
judgment in the courts of The Netherlands) of the Notes or the performance of the Issuer's obligations 
under the Notes. 
Residence 
A holder of Notes will not be and will not be deemed to be resident in The Netherlands for Dutch tax 
purposes and, subject to the exceptions set out above, will not otherwise become subject to Dutch 
taxation by reason only of acquiring, holding or disposing of Notes or the execution, performance, 
delivery and/or enforcement of the Notes.

--- Page 322 ---
319 
 
France  
The following is a general description of certain French tax withholding tax considerations relating to 
the Notes to the extent that the Notes would qualify as debt instruments for French tax purposes. It is 
not a description of general French tax considerations relating to the Notes and, in particular, of the 
French taxation applicable to French resident Noteholders. Prospective purchasers of the Notes who 
are French tax resident or have their seat in France for tax purposes or who would hold the Notes 
through a permanent establishment or a fixed base in France, should be aware that transactions 
involving the Notes including any purchase or disposal of, or other dealings in the Notes and any 
transaction involved in the exercise and settlement of the Notes, may have French tax consequences. 
The tax consequences regarding interest, premium on redemption and capital gains in particular may 
depend, amongst other things, upon the status of the prospective purchaser (i.e. legal entities or 
individuals). Prospective purchasers of the Notes should consult their own tax advisers about the 
French tax implications of purchasing, holding, disposing the Notes and, more generally, of any 
transactions involving Notes 
Certain French tax consequences 
Payments of interest and principal by the Issuer (acting out of its head office or one of its non-French 
branches) under the Notes will not be viewed as French-source income and therefore will not be 
subject to withholding tax in France, in accordance with the applicable French law. 
However, pursuant to Articles 125 A and 125 D of the French Code général des impôts and subject to 
certain limited exceptions, interest and other similar revenues received by individuals who are fiscally 
domiciled in France are subject to a 12.8 per cent. mandatory withholding tax which is final unless the 
French tax resident individual opts for the taxation at the progressive scale of personal income tax (in 
which case the 12.8 per cent. withholding tax is deductible from her or his personal income tax liability 
in respect of the year in which the payment has been made). Social contributions (CSG, CRDS and 
other related contributions) are also levied by way of withholding at an aggregate rate of 17.2 per cent. 
on interest and other similar revenues paid to individuals who are fiscally domiciled in France. Practical 
steps to be taken for the purposes of levying this withholding tax and social contributions will depend 
on the place where the paying agent is located. 
Mandatory Disclosure Regime (MDR) 
Following the 2018 revision of Council Directive 2011/16/EU on administrative cooperation in the field 
of taxation (“DAC 6” or “DAC 6 Directive”), a disclosure regime has been introduced and requires 
intermediaries which meet certain EU nexus criteria to disclose to the relevant tax authorities certain 
cross border arrangements which contain one or more of a prescribed list of hallmarks. 
As a practical impact of DAC 6, intermediaries helping on the design, marketing or implementation of 
the transactions will have to identify and report cross-border transactions and arrangements, which 
may fall into the scope of this DAC 6 Directive.  
Where an intermediary is outside the EU or exempt from disclosing due to legal professional privilege, 
the obligation to disclose falls on another intermediary or, if none, the relevant taxpayers. In this 
scenario, it is possible that the Issuer will be directly implicated in the reporting of specific 
arrangements to the Luxembourg tax authorities under the DAC 6 Directive, as described above. 
In case reporting hallmarks would apply to transactions of the Issuer, DAC 6 reporting is due within 30 
days after the transaction triggering event. 
The Proposed Financial Transaction Tax (“FTT”) 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the “Commission’s 
Proposal”) for a Directive for a common FTT in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, 
Italy, Austria, Portugal, Slovenia and Slovakia (the “participating Member States”).  However, 
Estonia has since stated that it will not participate.  
The Commission’s Proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings

--- Page 323 ---
320 
 
in the Notes (including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances.   
Under the Commission’s Proposal the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within 
and outside of the participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in the 
Notes where at least one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a 
participating Member State. A financial institution may be, or be deemed to be, “established” in a 
participating Member State in a broad range of circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a 
person established in a participating Member State or (b) where the financial instrument which is 
subject to the dealings is issued in a participating Member State. 
The FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between participating Member States. It may 
therefore be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains unclear. Additional EU 
Member States may decide to participate. 
Prospective Noteholders are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the FTT.

--- Page 324 ---
321 
 
CERTAIN CONSIDERATIONS FOR ERISA AND OTHER U.S. BENEFIT PLANS  
Subject to the following discussion, the Notes may be acquired by an “employee benefit plan” as 
defined in Section 3(3) of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended 
(“ERISA”), that is subject to Title I of ERISA, a “plan” as defined in and subject to Section 4975 of the 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “Code”), or an entity deemed to hold plan assets of 
the foregoing (each, a “Benefit Plan Investor”), as well as by governmental plans (as defined in 
Section 3(32) of ERISA), church plans (as defined in Section 3(33) of ERISA) and other plans 
(collectively, with Benefit Plan Investors, referred to as “Plans”).  Section 406 of ERISA and Section 
4975 of the Code prohibit Benefit Plan Investors from engaging in certain transactions with persons 
that are “parties in interest” under ERISA or “disqualified persons” under the Code with respect to such 
Benefit Plan Investor.  A violation of these “prohibited transaction” rules may result in an excise tax or 
other penalties and liabilities under ERISA and the Code for such persons or the fiduciaries of such 
Benefit Plan Investor.  In addition, Title I of ERISA requires fiduciaries of a Benefit Plan Investor subject 
to ERISA to make investments that are prudent, diversified and in accordance with the governing plan 
documents.  Plans that are governmental plans are not subject to Title I of ERISA or Section 4975 of 
the Code.  However, such plans may be subject to similar restrictions under applicable federal, state, 
local or other law (“Similar Law”). 
In considering an investment in the Notes of a portion of the assets of any Plan, a fiduciary should 
determine whether the investment is in accordance with the documents and instruments governing the 
Plan and the applicable provisions of ERISA, the Code or any Similar Law relating to a fiduciary’s 
duties to the Plan including, without limitation, the prudence, diversification, delegation of control and 
prohibited transaction provisions of ERISA, the Code and any other applicable Similar Law. 
The acquisition and/or holding of the Notes by or on behalf of a Benefit Plan Investor could be 
considered to give rise to a prohibited transaction if the Issuer is or becomes, or another party involved 
with this offering is or becomes, a party in interest or a disqualified person with respect to such Benefit 
Plan Investor.  Certain exemptions from the prohibited transaction rules could be applicable to the 
purchase and holding of the Notes by a Benefit Plan Investor depending on the type and circumstances 
of the plan fiduciary making the decision to acquire such Notes and the relationship of the party in 
interest or disqualified person to the Benefit Plan Investor.  Included among these exemptions are:    
• 
Prohibited Transaction Class Exemption (“PTCE”) 84-14, an exemption for certain 
transactions determined or effected by independent qualified professional asset 
managers;  
• 
PTCE 90-1, an exemption for certain transactions involving insurance company pooled 
separate accounts;  
• 
PTCE 91-38, an exemption for certain transactions involving bank collective investment 
funds;  
• 
PTCE 95-60, an exemption for transactions involving certain insurance company 
general accounts; and  
• 
PTCE 96-23, an exemption for plan asset transactions managed by in-house asset 
managers.  
In addition, ERISA Section 408(b)(17) and Section 4975(d)(20) of the Code provide statutory 
exemptive relief for certain arm’s-length transactions with a person that is a party in interest or 
disqualified person solely by reason of providing services to a benefit plan investor or being an affiliate 
of such a service provider. Even if the conditions specified in one or more of these exemptions are 
met, the scope of the relief provided by these exemptions might or might not cover all acts which might 
be construed as prohibited transactions.  There can be no assurance that any of these, or any other 
exemption, will be available with respect to any particular transaction involving the Notes, and 
prospective acquirers that are Benefit Plan Investors should consult with their legal advisors regarding 
the applicability of any such exemption. 
By acquiring a Note (or interest therein), each purchaser and transferee (and its fiduciary, if applicable) 
is deemed to represent, warrant and covenant that either (i) it is not and for as long as it holds the Note

--- Page 325 ---
322 
 
(or an interest therein) will not be a Benefit Plan Investor or Plan subject to Similar Law or (ii) the 
acquisition and holding of the Note will not, in the case of a Benefit Plan Investor, give rise to a 
nonexempt prohibited transaction under Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code because 
such purchaser or transferee relied on an available prohibited transaction exemption, all of the 
conditions of which are satisfied, and in the case of a Plan subject to Similar Law, result in a violation 
of any Similar Law. 
The foregoing discussion is general in nature and is not intended to be all inclusive.  Due to the 
complexity of these rules and the penalties that may be imposed upon persons involved in nonexempt 
prohibited transactions, it is particularly important that fiduciaries, or other persons considering 
purchasing the Notes on behalf of, or with the assets of, any Plan, consult with their counsel regarding 
the potential applicability of ERISA, Section 4975 of the Code and any Similar Law to such investment 
and whether an exemption would be applicable to the purchase and holding of the Notes. 
Each purchaser and holder of the Notes has exclusive responsibility for ensuring that its purchase and 
holding of the Notes does not violate the fiduciary or prohibited transaction rules of ERISA, the Code 
or any Similar Laws.  The sale of any Notes to any Plan is in no respect a representation by the Issuer 
or any of its affiliates or representatives that such an investment meets all relevant legal requirements 
with respect to investments by Plans generally or any particular Plan, or that such an investment is 
appropriate for Plans generally or any particular Plan.

--- Page 326 ---
323 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Overview of Dealer Agreement 
Subject to the terms and the conditions contained in an amended and restated Dealer Agreement 
dated 10 May 2022 (the “Dealer Agreement”) between the Issuer and the Dealers, the Notes will be 
offered on a continuous basis by the Issuer to the Dealers, which expression shall include any person 
appointed as a Dealer for a specific issue. The Notes may be resold at prevailing market prices, or at 
prices related thereto, at the time of such resale, as determined by the relevant Dealer(s). The Notes 
may also be sold by the Issuer through the Dealers, acting as agents of the Issuer. The Dealer 
Agreement also provides for Notes to be issued in syndicated Tranches that are jointly and severally 
underwritten by two or more Dealers. Notes may also be offered directly to persons other than the 
Dealers. 
The Issuer may pay each relevant Dealer a commission agreed between the Issuer and the Dealer in 
respect of Notes subscribed by it. The commissions in respect of an issue of Notes on a syndicated 
basis will be stated in the applicable Issue Terms. 
The Issuer has agreed to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities in connection with the offer 
and sale of the Notes. The Dealer Agreement entitles the Dealers to terminate any agreement that 
they make to subscribe for Notes in certain circumstances prior to payment for such Notes being made 
to the Issuer. 
The Dealer Agreement makes provision for the resignation or termination of appointment of existing 
Dealers and for the appointment of additional or other Dealers either generally in respect of the 
Programme or in relation to a particular Tranche of Notes. 
Interests of Dealers 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment 
banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services for, the Issuer and 
its affiliates in the ordinary course of business. Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates may also have 
positions, deal or make markets in the Notes issued under the Programme, related derivatives and 
reference obligations including, but not limited to, entering into hedging strategies on behalf of the 
Issuer and its affiliates, investor clients or as principal in order to manage their exposure, their general 
market risk or other trading activities. 
In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may make 
or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative 
securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts 
of their customers.  Such investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or 
instruments of the Issuer or Issuer’s affiliates. Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates may have a 
lending relationship with the Issuer and, if so, may hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer consistent 
with their customary risk management policies.  Typically, Dealers and their affiliates that hedge their 
exposure would do so by entering into transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit 
default swaps or the creation of short positions in securities, including potentially the Notes issued 
under the Programme. Any such short positions could adversely affect future trading prices of Notes 
issued under the Programme. The Dealers and their affiliates may also make investment 
recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in respect of such securities 
or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short 
positions in such securities and instruments. 
Selling Restrictions 
United States 
Regulation S, Category 2 and D Rules apply for Notes with a maturity of more than one year issued in 
bearer form unless C Rules are specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms or unless the 
transaction is an Excluded Issue.  The Notes shall only be Rule 144A eligible if so specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms.

--- Page 327 ---
324 
 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and may not be offered 
or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain 
transactions exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this 
paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act.  
Notes in bearer form are subject to U.S. tax law requirements (other than Notes having a maturity of 
one year or less) and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or its possessions 
or to a United States person, except in certain transactions permitted by U.S. tax regulations. Terms 
used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the Code. Bearer Notes issued in 
accordance with the D Rules with a maturity of more than one year will bear the following legend:  
“Any United States person who holds this obligation will be subject to limitations under the United 
States income tax laws, including the limitations provided in Section 165(j) and 1287(a) of the Internal 
Revenue Code of the United States”.  
Each Dealer has represented and agreed that, except as permitted by the Dealer Agreement, it will 
not offer, sell or deliver the Notes of any identifiable Tranche, (i) as part of their distribution at any time 
or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after completion of the distribution of such Tranche as determined, and 
such completion is notified to the relevant Dealer, by the Fiscal Agent, or in the case of Notes issued 
on a syndicated basis, the Lead Manager (once each of the syndicated dealers has so notified the 
Lead Manager, with respect to Notes purchased by or through it), within the United States or to, or for 
the account or benefit of, U.S. persons and it will have sent to each dealer to which it sells Notes (other 
than a sale of Notes pursuant to Rule 144A) during the Distribution Compliance Period a confirmation 
or other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes within the United States or 
to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings 
given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of the Notes, an offer or sale of Notes 
within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the 
registration requirements of the Securities Act if such offer or sale is made otherwise than in 
accordance with Rule 144A.  
144A Notes 
The Dealer Agreement provides that the Dealers may directly or through their respective U.S. broker-
dealer affiliates arrange for the offer and resale of Notes within the United States only to QIBs pursuant 
to Rule 144A.  
Each purchaser of Rule 144A Notes, by accepting delivery of this Prospectus, will be deemed to have 
represented, agreed and acknowledged that: 
(1) 
It is (a) a QIB within the meaning of Rule 144A, (b) acquiring such Notes for its own account 
or for the account of a QIB and (c) aware, and each beneficial owner of such Notes has been advised, 
that the sale of such Notes to it may be made in reliance on Rule 144A. 
(2) 
It understands that such Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities 
Act and may not be offered, sold, pledged or otherwise transferred except (a) in accordance with Rule 
144A to a person that it and any person acting on its behalf reasonably believe is a QIB purchasing 
for its own account or for the account of a QIB, (b) in an offshore transaction in accordance with 
Regulation S or (c) pursuant to an exemption from registration under the Securities Act provided by 
Rule 144 thereunder (if available) and, in each case, in accordance with any applicable securities laws 
of any State of the United States.  
(3) 
It understands that such Notes, unless otherwise set forth in the applicable Issue Terms or 
determined by the Issuer in accordance with applicable law, will bear a legend substantially to the 
following effect:  
THIS NOTE HAS NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE U.S. SECURITIES 
ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE “SECURITIES ACT”) OR WITH ANY SECURITIES 
REGULATORY AUTHORITY OF ANY STATE OR OTHER JURISDICTION OF THE UNITED STATES

--- Page 328 ---
325 
 
AND MAY NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD, PLEDGED OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED EXCEPT AS 
SET FORTH IN THE FOLLOWING SENTENCE.  BY ITS ACQUISITION HEREOF, THE HOLDER (A) 
REPRESENTS THAT IT IS A “QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER” (AS DEFINED IN RULE 144A 
UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT) PURCHASING FOR ITS OWN ACCOUNT OR FOR THE ACCOUNT 
OF ONE OR MORE QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYERS; (B) AGREES THAT IT WILL NOT 
RESELL OR OTHERWISE TRANSFER THIS NOTE PRIOR TO THE DATE WHICH IS TWO YEARS 
AFTER THE LATER OF THE LAST ISSUE DATE FOR THE SERIES AND THE LAST DATE ON 
WHICH THE ISSUER OR AN AFFILIATE OF THE ISSUER WAS THE OWNER OF SUCH 
SECURITIES, OTHER THAN (1) IN ACCORDANCE WITH RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES 
ACT TO A PERSON THAT THE HOLDER AND ANY PERSON ACTING ON ITS BEHALF 
REASONABLY BELIEVE IS A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER WITHIN THE MEANING OF 
RULE 144A PURCHASING FOR ITS OWN ACCOUNT OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OF A QUALIFIED 
INSTITUTIONAL BUYER, (2) IN AN OFFSHORE TRANSACTION IN ACCORDANCE WITH RULE 
903 OR RULE 904 OF REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR (3) PURSUANT TO AN 
EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT PROVIDED BY RULE 144 
THEREUNDER (IF AVAILABLE) AND, IN EACH CASE, IN ACCORDANCE WITH ANY APPLICABLE 
SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE OF THE UNITED STATES.  NO REPRESENTATION CAN BE 
MADE AS TO THE AVAILABILITY OF THE EXEMPTION PROVIDED BY RULE 144 UNDER THE 
SECURITIES ACT FOR RESALES OF THIS NOTE.  
EACH PURCHASER AND TRANSFEREE OF THIS NOTE (AND ITS FIDUCIARY, IF APPLICABLE) 
IS DEEMED TO REPRESENT, WARRANT AND COVENANT THAT EITHER (I) IT IS NOT AND FOR 
AS LONG AS IT HOLDS THIS NOTE (OR AN INTEREST THEREIN) WILL NOT BE AN “EMPLOYEE 
BENEFIT PLAN” AS DEFINED IN SECTION 3(3) OF THE EMPLOYEE RETIREMENT INCOME 
SECURITY ACT OF 1974, AS AMENDED (“ERISA”), THAT IS SUBJECT TO TITLE I OF ERISA, A 
“PLAN” AS DEFINED IN AND SUBJECT TO SECTION 4975 OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE CODE 
OF 1986, AS AMENDED (THE “CODE”), OR AN ENTITY DEEMED TO HOLD PLAN ASSETS OF 
THE FOREGOING (EACH, A “BENEFIT PLAN INVESTOR”) OR A PLAN SUBJECT TO APPLICABLE 
FEDERAL, STATE, LOCAL OR OTHER LAWS SIMILAR TO TITLE I OF ERISA OR SECTION 4975 
OF THE CODE (“SIMILAR LAW”) OR (II) THE ACQUISITION AND HOLDING OF THIS NOTE WILL 
NOT, IN THE CASE OF A BENEFIT PLAN INVESTOR, GIVE RISE TO A NONEXEMPT PROHIBITED 
TRANSACTION UNDER SECTION 406 OF ERISA OR SECTION 4975 OF THE CODE BECAUSE 
SUCH PURCHASER OR TRANSFEREE RELIED ON AN AVAILABLE PROHIBITED TRANSACTION 
EXEMPTION, ALL OF THE CONDITIONS OF WHICH ARE SATISFIED, AND IN THE CASE OF A 
PLAN SUBJECT TO SIMILAR LAW, RESULT IN A VIOLATION OF ANY SIMILAR LAW. 
(4) 
It understands that the Rule 144A Notes will be represented by one or more Restricted Global 
Certificates.  Before any interest in a Restricted Global Certificate may be offered, sold, pledged or 
otherwise transferred to a person who takes delivery in the form of an interest in an Unrestricted Global 
Certificate, it will be required to provide a Transfer Agent with a written certification as to compliance 
with applicable securities laws.  
(5) 
Each purchaser and transferee of Notes (and its fiduciary, if applicable) is deemed to 
represent, warrant and covenant that either (i) it is not and for as long as it holds the Note (or an 
interest therein) will not be a Benefit Plan Investor or Plan subject to Similar Law or (ii) the acquisition 
and holding of the Note will not, in the case of a Benefit Plan Investor, give rise to a nonexempt 
prohibited transaction under Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code because such 
purchaser or transferee relied on an available prohibited transaction exemption, all of the conditions 
of which are satisfied, and in the case of a Plan subject to Similar Law, result in a violation of any 
Similar Law.  
(6) 
The Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, the Dealers and their affiliates, and others will rely upon the truth 
and accuracy of the foregoing acknowledgments, representations and agreements.  If it is acquiring 
any Notes for the account of one or more qualified institutional buyers it represents that it has sole 
investment discretion with respect to each such account and that it has full power to make the foregoing 
acknowledgments, representations and agreements on behalf of each such account.  
Prospective purchasers are hereby notified that sellers of the Notes may be relying on the 
exemption from the provisions of Section 5 of the Securities Act provided by Rule 144A.

--- Page 329 ---
326 
 
Regulation S Notes 
Each purchaser of Registered Notes outside the United States pursuant to Regulation S and each 
subsequent purchaser of such Notes in resales prior to the expiration of the Distribution Compliance 
Period, by accepting delivery of this Prospectus and the Notes, will be deemed to have represented, 
agreed and acknowledged that:  
(1) 
It is, or at the time Notes are purchased will be, the beneficial owner of such Notes and (a) it 
is not a U.S. person (within the meaning of Regulation S) and it is located outside the United States 
(within the meaning of Regulation S) and (b) it is not an affiliate of the Issuer or a person acting on 
behalf of such an affiliate.  
(2) 
It understands that such Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities 
Act and that, prior to the expiration of the Distribution Compliance Period, it will not offer, sell, pledge 
or otherwise transfer such Notes except in an offshore transaction in accordance with Rule 903 or Rule 
904 of Regulation S or in accordance with Rule 144A under the Securities Act to a person that it and 
any person acting on its behalf reasonably believe is a QIB purchasing for its own account or the 
account of a QIB, in each case in accordance with any applicable securities laws of any State of the 
United States.  
(3) 
It understands that such Notes, unless otherwise determined by the Issuer in accordance with 
applicable law, will bear a legend to the following: 
THIS NOTE HAS NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE U.S. SECURITIES 
ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE “SECURITIES ACT”) OR WITH ANY SECURITIES 
REGULATORY AUTHORITY OF ANY STATE OR OTHER JURISDICTION OF THE UNITED 
STATES AND MAY NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD, PLEDGED OT OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED 
WITHIN THE UNITED STATES EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION 
UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT. 
EACH PURCHASER AND TRANSFEREE OF THIS NOTE (AND ITS FIDUCIARY, IF APPLICABLE) 
IS DEEMED TO REPRESENT, WARRANT AND COVENANT THAT EITHER (I) IT IS NOT AND FOR 
AS LONG AS IT HOLDS THIS NOTE (OR AN INTEREST THEREIN) WILL NOT BE AN “EMPLOYEE 
BENEFIT PLAN” AS DEFINED IN SECTION 3(3) OF THE EMPLOYEE RETIREMENT INCOME 
SECURITY ACT OF 1974, AS AMENDED (“ERISA”), THAT IS SUBJECT TO TITLE I OF ERISA, A 
“PLAN” AS DEFINED IN AND SUBJECT TO SECTION 4975 OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE CODE 
OF 1986, AS AMENDED (THE “CODE”), OR AN ENTITY DEEMED TO HOLD PLAN ASSETS OF 
THE FOREGOING (EACH, A “BENEFIT PLAN INVESTOR”) OR A PLAN SUBJECT TO 
APPLICABLE FEDERAL, STATE, LOCAL OR OTHER LAWS SIMILAR TO TITLE I OF ERISA OR 
SECTION 4975 OF THE CODE (“SIMILAR LAW”) OR (II) THE ACQUISITION AND HOLDING OF 
THIS NOTE WILL NOT, IN THE CASE OF A BENEFIT PLAN INVESTOR, GIVE RISE TO A 
NONEXEMPT PROHIBITED TRANSACTION UNDER SECTION 406 OF ERISA OR SECTION 4975 
OF THE CODE BECAUSE SUCH PURCHASER OR TRANSFEREE RELIED ON AN AVAILABLE 
PROHIBITED TRANSACTION EXEMPTION, ALL OF THE CONDITIONS OF WHICH ARE 
SATISFIED, AND IN THE CASE OF A PLAN SUBJECT TO SIMILAR LAW, RESULT IN A 
VIOLATION OF ANY SIMILAR LAW. 
(4) 
The Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, the Dealers and their affiliates, and others will rely upon the truth 
and accuracy of the foregoing acknowledgments, representations and agreements. 
(5) 
It understands that the Notes offered in reliance on Regulation S will be represented by one 
or more Unrestricted Global Certificates.  Prior to the expiration of the Distribution Compliance Period, 
before any interest in an Unrestricted Global Certificate may be offered, sold, pledged or otherwise 
transferred to a person who takes delivery in the form of an interest in a Restricted Global Certificate, 
it will be required to provide a Transfer Agent with a written certification as to compliance with 
applicable securities laws. 
(6) 
Each purchaser and transferee of Notes (and its fiduciary, if applicable) is deemed to 
represent, warrant and covenant that either (i) it is not and for as long as it holds the Note (or an 
interest therein) will not be a Benefit Plan Investor or Plan subject to Similar Law or (ii) the acquisition

--- Page 330 ---
327 
 
and holding of the Note will not, in the case of a Benefit Plan Investor, give rise to a nonexempt 
prohibited transaction under Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code because such 
purchaser or transferee relied on an available prohibited transaction exemption, all of the conditions 
of which are satisfied, and in the case of a Plan subject to Similar Law, result in a violation of any 
Similar Law.  
Each issuance of Dual Currency Notes, Index Linked Notes, Equity Linked Notes, Commodity Linked 
Notes and other Reference Item Linked Notes shall be subject to such additional U.S. selling 
restrictions as the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) may agree as a term of the issuance and purchase 
of such Notes, which additional selling restrictions shall be set out in the applicable Issue Terms.   
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors  
Unless the Issue Terms in respect of any Notes specifies "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" 
as "Not Applicable", each relevant Dealer has represented and agreed and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree that that it has not offered, 
sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which 
are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Prospectus as completed by the Issue Terms in 
relation thereto to any retail investor in the EEA.  For the purposes of this provision:  
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i)  
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, as amended, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 
4(1) of MiFID II; or  
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; and  
(b) 
the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of 
sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an 
investor to decide to purchase or subscribe the Notes. 
If the Issue Terms in respect of any Notes specifies "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" as 
"Not Applicable", in relation to each Member State of the EEA (each, a "Relevant Member State") 
each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which 
are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Prospectus as completed by the Issue Terms in 
relation thereto to the public in that Relevant Member State except that it may make an offer of such 
Notes to the public in that Relevant Member State: 
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus 
Regulation; 
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined 
in the Prospectus Regulation) subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or 
Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Notes shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a prospectus 
pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 
of the Prospectus Regulation. 
As used herein, the expression "offer" in relation to any Notes in any Relevant Member State means 
the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer 
and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe the Notes.

--- Page 331 ---
328 
 
The Netherlands  
The provisions of “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” above apply. Each Dealer has 
represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree that the Notes (including rights representing an interest in the Notes in global 
form) which are the subject of this Prospectus, shall not be offered, sold, transferred or delivered to 
the public in the Netherlands unless standard logo and exemption wording are incorporated in the 
respective Issue Terms, advertisements and documents in which the offer is announced, as required 
by article 5:20(5) of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht, the “FSA”) or 
such offer is otherwise made in circumstances in which article 5:20(5) of the FSA is not applicable. 
For the purposes of the above, “offer” in relation to any Notes in The Netherlands has the meaning 
given to that term in the paragraph headed “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors”. 
Republic of Italy 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that any offer, sale or delivery of any Notes or distribution of 
copies of this Prospectus or any other document relating to any Notes will be carried out in accordance 
with all Italian securities, tax, exchange control and any other applicable laws and regulations, including 
the restrictions contained under “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors”. 
Any offer, sale or delivery of any Instruments or distribution of copies of this Prospectus or any other 
document relating to any Notes in Italy must: 
(a) 
be made by an investment firm, bank or financial intermediary permitted to conduct such 
activities in the Republic of Italy in accordance with the Financial Services Act, CONSOB 
Regulation No. 20307 of February 15, 2018 (as amended from time to time) and Legislative 
Decree No. 385 of September 1, 1993, as amended (the “Banking Act”); and  
(b) 
comply with all Italian securities, tax, exchange control and other applicable laws and 
regulations or requirement imposed by CONSOB, the Bank of Italy (including the reporting 
requirements, where applicable), pursuant to Article 129 of the Banking Act and the 
implementing guidelines of the Bank of Italy, as amended from time to time and/or any other 
Italian authority. 
Belgium  
In the case of Fund Linked Notes, if the relevant underlying funds are not registered in Belgium with 
the Belgian FSMA in accordance with the Belgian law of August 3, 2012 on the collective investment 
undertakings satisfying the conditions set out in Directive 2009/65/EC and on undertakings for 
investment in receivables, as amended or replaced from time to time or the Belgian law of April 19, 
2014 on alternative collective investment undertakings and their managers, as amended or replaced 
from time to time, as applicable, such Fund Linked Notes cannot be offered in Belgium unless (i) such 
Notes are cash settled or (ii) if the relevant underlying fund is a UCITS within the meaning of Directive 
2009/65/EC, such Notes are offered to qualified investors only or to fewer than 150 natural or legal 
persons (other than qualified investors). 
Bearer notes (including, without limitation, definitive notes in bearer form) shall not be physically 
delivered in Belgium, except to a clearing system, a depository or other institution for the purpose of 
their immobilisation in accordance with Article 4 of the Belgian Law of December 14, 2005. 
Prohibition of Sales to Belgian Consumers 
If the applicable Issue Terms indicates Prohibition of Sales to Belgian Consumers is applicable, each 
Dealer has represented and agreed that an offering of Notes may not be advertised to any individual 
in Belgium qualifying as a consumer within the meaning of Article I.1 of the Belgian Code of Economic 
Law, as amended from time to time (a “Belgian Consumer”) and that it has not offered, sold or resold, 
transferred or delivered, and will not offer, sell, resell, transfer or deliver, the Notes, and that it has not 
distributed, and will not distribute this Prospectus, any prospectus, memorandum, information circular,

--- Page 332 ---
329 
 
brochure or any similar documents in relation to the Notes, directly or indirectly, to any Belgian 
Consumer. 
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors  
Unless the Issue Terms in respect of any Notes specifies "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" 
as "Not Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed 
under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise 
made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of 
the offering contemplated by this Prospectus as completed by the Issue Terms in relation thereto to 
any retail investor in the United Kingdom.  For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it 
forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
(as amended, the "EUWA"); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA  and any rules or 
regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended) 
where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) 
of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression an offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor 
to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes.  
If the Issue Terms in respect of any Notes specifies "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" as 
"Not Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under 
the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer 
of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Prospectus as completed by the 
Issue Terms in relation thereto to the public in the United Kingdom except that it may make an offer of 
such Notes to the public in the United Kingdom: 
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK 
Prospectus Regulation; 
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined 
in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the United Kingdom subject to obtaining the 
prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer 
to publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to 
Article 23 of the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an offer of Notes to the public in relation to any 
Notes means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms 
of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe 
for the Notes and the expression "UK Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 
(as amended) as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Additional UK regulatory matters 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree that:

--- Page 333 ---
330 
 
(a) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause 
to be communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the 
meaning of section 21 of the Financial Services and Markets Act (2000) (the “FSMA”)) 
received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in circumstances in which 
Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and 
(b) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to 
anything done by it in relation to such Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United 
Kingdom. 
Switzerland  
This Prospectus is not intended to constitute an offer or solicitation to purchase or invest in the Notes. 
The Notes may not be publicly offered, directly or indirectly, in Switzerland within the meaning of the 
Swiss Financial Services Act (“FinSA”) and no application has or will be made to admit the Notes to 
trading on any trading venue (exchange or multilateral trading facility) in Switzerland. Neither this 
Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the Notes constitutes a prospectus 
pursuant to the FinSA, and neither this Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material relating 
to the Notes may be publicly distributed or otherwise made publicly available in Switzerland. 
The Notes do not constitute collective investments within the meaning of the CISA. Accordingly, 
holders of the Notes do not benefit from protection under the CISA or from the supervision of the Swiss 
Financial Market Supervisory Authority. Investors are exposed to the default risk of the Issuer. 
Canada 
The Notes have not been, and will not be, qualified for sale under the securities laws of Canada or any 
province or territory thereof.  
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree it has not offered, sold, distributed, or delivered, and that it will 
not offer, sell, distribute, or deliver, any Notes, directly or indirectly, in Canada or to, or for the benefit 
of, any resident thereof in contravention of the securities laws of Canada or any province or territory 
thereof and also without the consent of the Issuer. Each Dealer has also agreed, and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme may be required to agree, not to distribute or deliver this 
Prospectus or any other offering material relating to the Notes, in Canada in contravention of the 
securities laws of Canada or any province or territory thereof and also without the consent of the Issuer. 
If the applicable Issue Terms provides that the Notes may be offered, sold or distributed in Canada, 
the issue of the Notes will be subject to such additional selling restrictions as the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer(s), and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme, may agree, as specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms. Each Dealer, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme, will 
be required to agree that it will offer, sell and distribute such Notes only in compliance with such 
additional Canadian selling restrictions. 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange 
Act of Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended) (the “FIEA”). Each Dealer has represented and agreed, 
and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that 
it has not and will not offer or sell any Notes, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, 
any resident of Japan (including any person resident in Japan or any corporation or other entity 
organized under the laws of Japan), or to others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan 
or to, or for the benefit of, a resident of Japan except pursuant to an exemption from the registration 
requirements of the FIEA and otherwise in compliance with any applicable laws, rules, regulations and 
governmental guidelines of Japan.

--- Page 334 ---
331 
 
Hong Kong 
In relation to each Tranche of Notes issued by the Issuer each Dealer has represented and agreed, 
and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and 
agree, that: 
(a) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell in Hong Kong, by means of any document, 
any Notes other than (a) to “professional investors” as defined in the Securities and Futures 
Ordinance (Cap. 571) of Hong Kong (the “SFO”) and any rules made under the SFO; or (b) in 
other circumstances which do not result in the document being a “prospectus” as defined in 
the Companies (Winding Up and Miscellaneous Provisions) Ordinance (Cap. 32) of Hong 
Kong (the “C(WUMP)O”) or which do not constitute an offer to the public within the meaning 
of the C(WUMP)O; and 
(b) 
it has not issued or had in its possession for the purposes of issue, and will not issue or have 
in its possession for the purposes of issue, whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere, any 
advertisement, invitation or document relating to the Notes, which is directed at, or the contents 
of which are likely to be accessed or read by, the public of Hong Kong (except if permitted to 
do so under the securities laws of Hong Kong) other than with respect to Notes which are or 
are intended to be disposed of only to persons outside Hong Kong or only to “professional 
investors” as defined in the SFO and any rules made under the SFO. 
Singapore 
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to acknowledge, that this Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the 
Monetary Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, 
and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and 
agree, that it has not offered or sold any Notes or caused the Notes to be made the subject of an 
invitation for subscription or purchase and will not offer or sell any Notes or cause the Notes to be 
made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, and has not circulated or distributed, 
nor will it circulate or distribute, this Prospectus or any other document or material in connection with 
the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of the Notes, whether directly or indirectly, 
to any person in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the 
Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore (as modified or amended from time to time, the 
“SFA”)) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, (ii) to a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of 
the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA, or any person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the 
SFA, and in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA, or (iii) otherwise 
pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable provision of the SFA. 
Where the Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person 
which is: 
(a)  a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole 
business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or 
more individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or 
(b)  a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments 
and each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor,  
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) 
of that corporation or the beneficiaries’ rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not 
be transferred within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Notes pursuant to 
an offer made under Section 275 of the SFA except: 
(1)  
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person or to any person arising from an offer 
referred to in Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(i)(B) of the SFA; 
(2) 
 where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer;

--- Page 335 ---
332 
 
(3)  
where the transfer is by operation of law; 
(4)  
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or 
(5)  
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) 
(Securities and Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018 of Singapore. 
Taiwan  
The Notes have not been and will not be registered with the Financial Supervisory Commission of 
Taiwan pursuant to relevant securities laws and regulations.  Each Dealer has represented and 
agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and 
agree that it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes in Taiwan through a public 
offering or in circumstances which constitute an offer within the meaning of the Securities and 
Exchange Act of Taiwan that requires a registration or approval of the Financial Supervisory 
Commission of Taiwan.  No person or entity in Taiwan has been authorized to offer, sell, give advice 
regarding or otherwise intermediate the offering and the sale of the Notes in Taiwan. 
People’s Republic of China 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree that: 
(a) 
the Notes are not being offered or sold and may not be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, in 
the PRC (for such purposes, not including the Hong Kong and Macau Special Administrative 
Regions or Taiwan), except as permitted by all relevant laws and regulations of the PRC;  
(b) 
this Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell, or the solicitation of an offer to buy, any 
Notes in the PRC to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer of solicitation in the 
PRC; and 
(c) 
the Notes may not be offered, sold or delivered, or offered, sold or delivered to any person for 
reoffering or resale or redelivery, in any such case directly or indirectly (i) by means of any 
advertisement, invitation, document or activity which is directed at, or the contents of which 
are likely to be accessed or read by, the public in the PRC, or (ii) to any person within the PRC, 
other than in full compliance with the relevant laws and regulations of the PRC. 
Investors in the PRC are responsible for obtaining all relevant government regulatory 
approvals/licences, verification and/or registrations themselves, including, but not limited to, those 
which may be required by the China Securities Regulatory Commission, the State Administration of 
Foreign Exchange and/or the China Banking Regulatory Commission, and complying with all relevant 
PRC laws and regulations, including, but not limited to, all relevant foreign exchange regulations and/or 
securities investment regulations. 
Australia 
No prospectus or other disclosure document (as defined in the Corporations Act 2001 of Australia 
(Cth) (the “Corporations Act”)) in relation to the Programme or any Notes has been or will be lodged 
with the Australian Securities and Investments Commission (“ASIC”).  
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed (and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree) that it: 
(a)  
has not (directly or indirectly) offered, and will not offer for issue or sale and has not invited, 
and will not invite, applications for issue, or offers to purchase Notes in, to or from Australia, 
including an offer or invitation which is received by a person in Australia; and 
(b)  
has not distributed or published, and will not distribute or publish, any prospectus, 
advertisement or other offering material relating to the Notes in Australia,

--- Page 336 ---
333 
 
unless, 
(i)  
the aggregate consideration payable by each offeree or invitee for the Notes is at least 
A$500,000 (or the equivalent in another currency) disregarding amounts, if any, lent by the 
offeror or its associates, or the offer or invitation otherwise does not require disclosure to 
investors in accordance with Part 6D.2 of the Corporations Act; 
(ii)  
such action complies with all applicable laws, regulations and directives; and 
(iii)  
such action does not require any document to be lodged with ASIC. 
New Zealand 
Each Dealer has agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
agree, that the Notes may not be offered in New Zealand in a manner that makes the Notes subject to 
a regulated offer within the meaning of the New Zealand Financial Markets Conduct Act 2013 (the 
“FMC Act”). Without limitation, no person may (directly or indirectly) offer for subscription or purchase 
or issue invitations to subscribe for or buy, or sell or transfer the Notes, or distribute any product 
disclosure statement or any other advertisement or offering material relating to the Notes in New 
Zealand, or to any person in New Zealand except: 
(a) 
to “wholesale investors” as that term is defined in clauses 3(2)(a), (c) and (d) of 
Schedule 1 to the FMC Act, being a person who is: 
(i) 
an “investment business”; 
(ii) 
“large”; or 
(iii) 
a “government agency”. 
in each case as defined in Schedule 1 to the FMC Act; and  
(b) 
in other circumstances where there is no contravention of the FMC Act, provided that 
(without limiting paragraph (i) above) Notes may not be offered or transferred to any 
“eligible investors” (as defined in the FMC Act) or any person that meets the 
investment activity criteria specified in clause 38 of Schedule 1 to the FMC Act. 
United Arab Emirates (excluding the Dubai International Financial Centre)  
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that the Notes to be issued under the Programme have not 
been and will not be offered, sold or publicly promoted or advertised by it in the UAE other than in 
compliance with any laws applicable in the UAE governing the issue, offering or sale of securities.  
Dubai International Financial Centre  
Each has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that the Notes to be issued under the Programme have not been and 
will not be offered to any person in the Dubai International Financial Centre (the “DIFC”) unless such 
offer is: (a) an “Exempt Offer” in accordance with the Markets Rules (MKT) Module of the Dubai 
Financial Services Authority (the “DFSA”); and (b) made only to persons who meet the Professional 
Client criteria set out in Rule 2.3.3 of the DFSA Conduct of Business Module of the DFSA Rulebook. 
General 
Each Dealer has agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
agree, that it will, to the best of its knowledge, comply with all relevant laws, regulations and directives 
in each jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or has in its possession or 
distributes this Prospectus, any other offering material or any Issue Terms, and will obtain any consent, 
approval or permission required by it for the purchase, offer, sale or delivery by it of Notes under the

--- Page 337 ---
334 
 
laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction to which it is subject or in which it makes such 
purchases, offers, sales or delivery and the Issuer shall not have any responsibility therefor. 
No action has been taken in any jurisdiction that would permit a public offering of any of the Notes, or 
possession or distribution of this Prospectus or any other offering material or any Issue Terms, in any 
country or jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. 
None of the Issuer or the Dealers represents that Notes may at any time lawfully be sold in compliance 
with any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to any exemption 
available thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating such sale. 
The selling restrictions may be modified by the agreement of the Issuer and the Dealers following a 
change in a relevant law, regulation or directive or in respect of any Tranche of Notes. Any such 
modification may be set out in the applicable Issue Terms issued in respect of the issue of Notes to 
which it relates. With regard to each Series, the relevant Dealer will be required to comply with such 
other restrictions as the Issuer and the relevant Dealer shall agree and as shall be set out in the 
applicable Issue Terms. 
Neither this Prospectus nor any Issue Terms constitute, nor may be used for or in connection with, an 
offer or solicitation by anyone in any jurisdiction in which such offer or solicitation is not authorized or 
to any person to whom it is unlawful to make such an offer or solicitation. The distribution of this 
Prospectus and the offering and sale of the Notes may be restricted by law in certain jurisdictions. 
Persons into whose possession this Prospectus comes are required by the Issuer and the Dealers to 
inform themselves about and to observe any such restrictions.

--- Page 338 ---
335 
 
FORM OF THE FINAL TERMS 
(DENOMINATIONS OF AT LEAST EUR100,000)  
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each Tranche of Notes issued 
under the Programme pursuant to this Prospectus with a denomination of at least EUR100,000 (or its 
equivalent in another currency). Notes in italics are intended for reference purposes only, will not 
appear in actual Final Terms and are not binding on the Issuer. 
[Include the following warning for all Notes where capital is at risk: 
INVESTING IN THE NOTES PUTS YOUR CAPITAL AT RISK. YOU MAY LOSE SOME [OR ALL] OF 
YOUR INVESTMENT.] 
[MIFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for 
the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible 
counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
“MiFID II”); and (ii) all channels for distribution to eligible counterparties and professional clients are 
appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s’] target 
market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own 
target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s’] 
target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels[, subject to the 
distributor’s suitability and appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable.] 
[UK MIFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely 
for the purposes of [each][the] manufacturer['s][s'] product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes 
is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook, and 
professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law 
by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (as amended, the "EUWA") ("UK MiFIR"); and 
(ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are 
appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "UK 
distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s][s'] target market assessment; 
however, a UK distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance 
Sourcebook is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes 
(by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s][s'] target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels.]  
[PRIIPs REGULATION - PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS 
The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area 
("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client 
as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II")][MiFID II]; (ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU as amended, where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified 
investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "Prospectus Regulation"). Consequently, no 
key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the "PRIIPs 
Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in 
the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.] 1 
 
1 Include if the Notes potentially constitute “packaged” products and no key information document will be prepared or the Issuer 
wishes to prohibit offers to EEA retail investors for any other reason.

--- Page 339 ---
336 
 
[UK PRIIPs REGULATION - PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS  
The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these 
purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point 
(8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the 
[European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (as amended, the "EUWA")] [EUWA]; (ii) a customer within 
the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act, 2000 (as amended, the 
"FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as 
amended), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of 
Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; 
or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of [Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended)][the 
Prospectus Regulation] as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK 
Prospectus Regulation"). Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) 
No 1286/2014 (as amended) as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK 
PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.]2 
[Singapore Securities and Futures Act Product Classification – Solely for the purposes of its 
obligations pursuant to Sections 309B(1)(a) and 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of 
Singapore)(as modified or amended from time to time, the "SFA"), the Issuer has determined, and 
hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A of the SFA) that the Notes are 
["prescribed capital markets products "]/["capital markets products other than prescribed capital 
markets products"] (as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 
2018).]3 4 
[Include the following if the Notes are Bail-inable Notes: 
The Notes are Bail-inable Notes and subject to conversion in whole or in part – by means of a 
transaction or series of transactions and in one or more steps – into common shares of the 
Issuer or any of its affiliates under subsection 39.2(2.3) of the Canada Deposit Insurance 
Corporation Act (the “CDIC Act”) and to variation or extinguishment in consequence, and 
subject to the application of the laws of the Province of Ontario and the federal laws of Canada 
applicable therein in respect of the operation of the CDIC Act with respect to the Notes.] 
 
Final Terms dated [●] 
Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce 
Branch of Account: [Main Branch, Toronto] [Hong Kong Branch] [London Branch] 
Legal Entity Identifier: 2IGI19DL77OX0HC3ZE78 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under a US$7,500,000,000 Note Issuance Programme 
 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the terms and conditions 
(the “Conditions”) set forth in the Prospectus dated 10 May 2022 [and the supplements to the 
Prospectus dated [●]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the “Prospectus”) for the 
purposes of [the Prospectus Regulation] [Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus Regulation”)]. 
 
2 Include if the Notes potentially constitute “packaged” products and no key information document will be prepared or the Issuer 
wishes to prohibit offers to UK retail investors for any other reason. 
3  Insert if the Notes are not prescribed capital market products and insert “Excluded Investment Products” or, if not, amend 
Singapore product classification. 
4  Relevant Dealer(s) to consider whether it/they have received the necessary product classification from the Issuer prior to the 
launch of the offer, pursuant to Section 309B of the SFA.

--- Page 340 ---
337 
 
This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of the 
Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with such Prospectus [as so supplemented]. 
Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination 
of this Final Terms and the Prospectus [as so supplemented]. The Prospectus [and the supplements 
to the Prospectus] [is] [are] available for viewing during normal business hours at and copies may be 
obtained from the registered office of the Issuer at 81 Bay Street, CIBC Square, Toronto, Ontario, 
Canada M5J 0E7, and at the office of Fiscal Agent, Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch at Winchester 
House, 1 Great Winchester Street, London EC2N 2DB and may also be viewed on the website of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange at www.bourse.lu under the name of the Issuer [and copies may be 
obtained from Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce's London Branch at 150 Cheapside, London, 
EC2V 6ET]. 
[The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was 
issued under an offering document with an earlier date.5 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the terms and conditions 
(the “Conditions”) set forth in the Prospectus dated 7 May 2021.  This document constitutes the final 
terms of the Notes described herein and must be read in conjunction with the Prospectus dated 10 
May 2022 [and the supplements to the Prospectus dated ●], save in respect of the Conditions which 
are extracted from the Prospectus dated 7 May 2021.  Full information on the Issuer and the offer of 
the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms, the Conditions and 
the Prospectus dated 10 May 2022 [as so supplemented].  The Prospectus [and the supplements to 
the Prospectus][is][are] available for viewing during normal business hours at and copies may be 
obtained from the registered office of the Issuer at 81 Bay Street, CIBC Square, Toronto, Ontario, 
Canada M5J 0E7, and at the specified office of the Paying Agents, for the time being in London and 
Luxembourg and copies may be obtained from 150 Cheapside, London, EC2V 6ET.] 
 
1. 
[(i)] 
Series Number: 
[●] 
 
[(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[●]] 
 
[(iii) 
Date on which the Notes will be 
consolidated and form a single 
Series: 
[The Notes will be consolidated and form a single Series 
with [identify earlier tranche] on [the Issue Date/exchange 
of the temporary Global Note for interests in the 
permanent Global Note, as referred to in paragraph 39 
below, which is expected to occur on or about [     ]]/Not 
Applicable]] 
2.  
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[●] 
3.  
Aggregate Nominal Amount of Notes: 
[●] 
 
[(i)] 
Series: 
[●] 
 
[(ii) 
Tranche: 
[●]] 
4.  
Issue Price: 
[●] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus 
accrued interest from [insert date] (in the case of fungible 
issues if applicable)] 
5.  
Belgian Securities Annex 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [If Not Applicable ensure 
Prohibition of Sales to Belgian Consumers in Part B is 
Applicable] 
 
5  Notes issued in previous years under a prospectus approved under the Prospectus Directive cannot be increased under 
this Prospectus.

--- Page 341 ---
338 
 
 Protected Principal Amount: 
[The Protected Principal Amount is [●]] [Not Applicable] 
(Applicable only for Notes to which the Belgian Securities 
Annex applies) 
6.  
(i) 
Specified Denominations: 
[●] [and integral multiples of [●] in excess thereof [up to 
and including [●]]. No Notes in definitive form will be 
issued with a denomination above [●]] 6, 7 
 
 
 
[If paragraph 39 indicates that the Global Note is 
exchangeable for definitive Notes at the option of the 
Noteholder, the Notes will be tradeable only in principal 
amounts of at least the Specified Denomination (or if 
more than one Specified Denomination, the lowest 
Specified Denomination) and may not include integral 
multiples.] 
 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
[●] 
7.  
Trade Date: 
[●] [Not Applicable] 
8.  
Strike Date/Pricing Date: 
[●] [Not Applicable] 
9.  
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[[●]/ Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
CNY Issue Trade Date: 
[●] [Not Applicable] 
10.  
Maturity Date: 
[●] [Specify date or (for Floating Rate Notes): The Interest 
Payment Date falling in or nearest to[●]] [For Index, Equity 
and Fund Linked Notes: subject to postponement if  [the 
Valuation Date is postponed by a Market Disruption 
Event] [there is a Settlement Disruption Event]] 
 
6 This number may need to be adjusted depending on the Specified Denomination and higher integral multiple of each Tranche. 
7 Where the Notes have a maturity of less than one year and the issue proceeds are to be accepted in the United Kingdom, or 
in the case of issues within Section 418 FSMA, will be subject to Section 19 FSMA unless their denomination is £100,000 or 
more (or its equivalent in other currencies) and they are only issued to “professionals” within Article 9(2)(a) of the Financial 
Services and Market Act (Regulated Activities) Order 2001.  Add the following language: 
“Notes (including Notes denominated in sterling) in respect of which the issue proceeds are to be accepted by the Issuer in the 
United Kingdom or whose issue otherwise constitutes a contravention of section 19 FSMA and which have a maturity of less 
than one year must have a minimum redemption value of £100,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies.)”

--- Page 342 ---
339 
 
11.  
Interest Basis: 
[[●] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
[[SONIA] [Compounded SOFR] [Weighted Average 
SOFR] 
[€STR] 
[SARON] 
[[ 
] 
month 
[EURIBOR/EONIA/CDOR/CORRA/ 
TIBOR/BBR/CIBOR/STIBOR/NIBOR/SIBOR/ 
HIBOR/Federal Funds Rate] +/– [●] per cent. Floating 
Rate] 
[Range Accrual] 
[Zero Coupon] 
[Dual Currency Interest] 
[Commodity Linked Interest] 
[Index Linked Interest] 
[Equity Linked Interest]8 
[FX Linked Interest] 
[Fund Linked Interest] 
[Inflation Linked Interest] 
(include all that apply) 
 
 
(further particulars specified at item [17/18/19/20/21] and 
below)] 
12.  
(i) 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the Maturity 
Date at 100 per cent. of their nominal amount [insert any 
premium, for Zero Coupon Notes]] 
[Commodity Linked Redemption] 
[Index Linked Redemption] 
[Equity Linked Redemption] 
[FX Linked Redemption] 
[Fund Linked Redemption] 
[Inflation Linked Redemption] 
(include all that apply)  
(further particulars specified at paragraph(s) [26, 29, 40] 
and [32/33/34/35/36/37] below) 
 
(ii) 
Principal Protected: 
[Applicable//Not Applicable]9 
 
(iii) 
Protection Amount: 
[Applicable//Not Applicable]10 
[[●] per Calculation Amount] 
13.  
Change of Interest or 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Applicable//Not Applicable]  
[For the period from (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date, up to (but excluding) [●] 
paragraph [17/18/19] applies and for the period from (and 
including) [●], [up to (but excluding)] the Maturity Date, 
paragraph [17/18/19] applies]  
 
8 Specify if interest provisions are linked to one or more equities, ETF interests or indices. 
9 Only applicable to Reference Item Linked Notes. 
10 Only applicable to Reference Item Linked Notes.

--- Page 343 ---
340 
 
14.  
Put/Call Options: 
[Put Option] (Not Applicable to Bail-inable Notes) 
[Call Option] (If the Belgian Securities Annex applies, 
select only for Notes that are marketed as callable Notes) 
[Not Applicable] 
(further particulars specified at paragraph [23/24] below) 
15.  
[Date [Board] approval for issuance of 
Notes obtained: 
[    ] [and [    ], respectively]] 
(N.B. Only relevant where Board (or similar) authorization 
is required for the particular tranche of Notes) 
16.  
Bail-inable Notes: 
[Yes][No][Not Applicable] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
17.  Fixed Rate Notes: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
 
[●] per cent. per annum [payable [annually/semi-
annually/quarterly/monthly/ other (specify)] in arrear] on 
each Interest Payment Date  
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date[(s)]: 
[●] in each year, commencing on [●], to and including [the 
Maturity Date][adjusted for payment purposes only in 
accordance with the Business Day Convention][adjusted 
for calculation of interest and for payment day purposes 
in accordance with the Business Day Convention][not 
adjusted]] 
 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iv) 
Broken Amount[(s)]: 
[●] per Calculation Amount, payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [●] [Not Applicable] 
 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
[Actual/360] 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
[30/360] 
[360/360] 
[Bond Basis] 
[30E/360] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)]  
 
(vi) 
Determination Dates: 
[[●] in each year] [Not Applicable]  
(Insert regular interest payment dates, ignoring issue date 
or maturity date in the case of a long or short first or last 
coupon. N.B. only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA)) 
18.  Floating Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest is/are to be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination] 
 
(ii) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 344 ---
341 
 
 
 
- Reference Rate: 
[SONIA: Compounded Daily SONIA] 
[SOFR: 
[Compounded 
SOFR 
with 
Lookback] 
[Compounded SOFR with Observation Period Shift] 
[Compounded SOFR with Payment Delay] [Compounded 
SOFR Index with Observation Period Shift] [Weighted 
Average SOFR]]   
[€STR]   
[SARON] 
[[          ] month [EURIBOR/EONIA/CAD-BA-
CDOR/CAD-CORRA /SONIA/ TIBOR/ BBR/ CIBOR/ 
STIBOR/NIBOR/SIBOR/HIBOR] 
 
 
- Relevant Screen Page: 
[●] [Not Applicable] (Not applicable to SONIA, SOFR, 
€STR or SARON) 
 
 
- Interest Determination 
Date(s): 
[●] (Second TARGET Business Day prior to start of each 
Interest Period if EURIBOR /fifth (or other number 
specified under Observation Look-Back Period below) 
London Business Day prior to the end of each Interest 
Period if SONIA)/the number of U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days specified under Observation 
Look-Back Period below prior to the end of each Interest 
Period if SOFR and Look Back Period is applicable/ two 
U.S. Government Securities Business Days if SOFR 
with observation shift period/last day of the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period if SOFR with payment delay and 
with respect to the final Interest Accrual Period will be 
the Rate Cut-Off Date/fifth (or other number specified 
under Observation Look-Back Period below) TARGET 
Business Day prior to the end of each Interest Period if 
€STR/[ fifth (or other number specified under 
Observation Look-Back Period below) Zurich Banking 
Day prior to the end of such Interest Period for SARON) 
 
 
-  Index Determination: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] (SONIA Reference Rate 
only) 
 
 
-  Observation Look-Back 
Period: 
[Not Applicable] [[5]* London Business Days prior to the 
Interest Payment Date [include if the Reference Rate is 
SONIA and the Observation Method is Lag]] 
[[5] [2]** U.S. Government Securities Business Days 
prior to the Interest Payment Date [include where 
Reference Rate is SOFR and Look-Back Period is 
applicable]] 
[[5]* TARGET Business Days prior to the Interest 
Payment Date [include where Reference Rate is €STR]]

--- Page 345 ---
342 
 
 
 
 
[[5]* Zurich Banking Days prior to the Interest Payment 
Date [include where Reference Rate is SARON]]  
*(“p” shall not be less than 5 without the prior agreement 
of the Calculation Agent) 
**(if Look Back Period is applicable, “p” shall not be less 
than 5 without the prior agreement of the Calculation 
Agent; if SOFR with observation period shift, 2; if SOFR 
with payment delay, not applicable) 
 
 
- Observation Period: 
[[●]/Not Applicable] [As defined in Conditions]  
[Applicable – “p” means [ ] London Business Days prior 
to the Interest Payment Date [include if the Reference 
Rate is SONIA and the Observation Method is Shift]] 
 
 
   
Observation Method: 
[Not Applicable] [Lag] [Shift] [Applicable to SONIA 
Reference Rate only] 
 
 
- Lookback Number of U.S. 
Government Securities 
Business Days: 
[[●]/Not Applicable] 
 
 
- Rate Cut Off Date: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
- Interest Accrual Period: 
[●] [Define for Compounded SOFR only, otherwise 
delete] 
 
 
- Suspension Period: 
[Not Applicable] [The last [4] Business Days of each 
Interest Period] [Weighted Average SOFR only] 
 
 
-  Rate Multiplier: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[The rate multiplier shall be [ ]] 
 
 
-  Relevant Financial Centre: 
[London/Euro-zone/ Toronto/Tokyo/Wellington/Sydney/ 
Copenhagen/Stockholm/Oslo/Singapore/Hong 
Kong/New York/Zurich] 
 
 
-  Relevant Time: 
[11:00 am (London/Brussels/Tokyo/Copenhagen/ 
Stockholm /Wellington/Singapore//New York time) 
/10:00 am (Toronto time)/9:00 am (Toronto 
time)/10:00/10:10 am (Sydney time)/12:00 noon (Oslo 
time)/5:00 pm (New York time)] [[11:00/11:15] am (Hong 
Kong time)][11:00 am (Zurich time)]] [Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
ISDA Determination: 
- Floating Rate Option: 
- Designated Maturity: 
- Reset Date: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
 
(iv) 
Benchmark Discontinuation – 
Independent Adviser: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(v) 
Benchmark Discontinuation – 
Compounded SOFR: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 346 ---
343 
 
19.  
Range Accrual Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
Paragraph 20 applies 
 
(i) 
Applicable formula to be used 
for calculating the Rate(s) of 
Interest and Interest 
Amount(s): 
[RAN(1)][RAN(2)][RAN(3)][RAN(4)][RAN(5)] 
 
(ii) 
Range Accrual Condition1, 
Range Accrual Condition2 
and/or Range Accrual 
Condition3: 
 [●] [Specify applicable Range Accrual Condition] 
 
(iii) 
Applicable Rate(s): 
[(Specify absolute value (If applicable))] [The mathematical 
[difference 
between][sum 
of]] 
(specify 
applicable 
rate(s)/Floating Rate Option(s)) determined in accordance 
with [ISDA Determination][Screen Rate Determination] as 
set out below: 
 
(iv) 
[Screen Rate Determination]  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
- Reference Rate(s): 
[●] 
 
 
- Interest Determination Date: 
[●] 
 
 
- Relevant Screen Page 
[●] 
 
(v) 
ISDA Determination: 
- Floating Rate Option: 
- Designated Maturity: 
-  Reset Date: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
 
(vi) 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable – the Rate of Interest for the 
[long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be calculated 
using Linear Interpolation (specify for each short or long 
interest period)] 
 
(vii) 
Accrual Rate: 
[●] 
 
(viii) 
Applicable Rate: 
[●] 
 
(ix) 
Fixing Day: 
[As per Conditions]/[●] 
 
(x) 
Rate Cut-off Date: 
[As per Conditions]/[●] 
 
(xi) 
Gearing Factor: 
[●] 
 
(xi) 
Business Days: 
[As per Conditions]/[The Business Centre shall be [●]] 
 
(xiii) 
[[FX Rate(s): 
[●]] [Delete provisions (xiii) – (xix) if Accrual Rate is not an 
FX Rate] 
 
(xiv) 
Reference Currency: 
[●] 
 
(xv) 
Base Currency: 
[●] 
 
(xvi) 
FX Price Source: 
[●] 
 
(xvii) 
FX Rate Sponsor: 
[●]

--- Page 347 ---
344 
 
 
(xviii) 
Number of FX Settlement 
Days: 
[●] 
 
(xix) 
Valuation Time: 
[●] 
20.  Reference 
Item 
Linked 
Interest 
provisions: 11 
[Applicable/Not Applicable/Applicable in respect of the 
Interest Period[s] falling during the period from ([and 
including/but excluding]) [●] to ([and including/but 
excluding]) [●]].  
 
(i) 
Reference Item 
[[The/Each] [Commodity Index [and]/[Inflation] Index 
[and]/Commodity [and]/ Equity [and] /FX Rate [and]/Fund] 
as specified below in paragraph[s] [34, 35, 36, 37, 38, 
39]]/[Each Reference Item specified as such in the 
Reference Item Table below in the column entitled 
"Reference Item Category"]/[[●](Specify each relevant 
Reference Item)]  
 
(ii) 
Contingent Coupon (Condition 
28(a)(i)) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable, delete the 
remaining sub-paragraph of this paragraph)  
 
 
- Specified Interest Amount:  
[●]/[In respect of each Interest Payment Date, the amount 
set forth in the Interest Payment Table in the column 
entitled 
"Specified 
Interest 
Amount" 
in 
the 
row 
corresponding to such Interest Payment Date]  
 
 
- Coupon Averaging: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
 
(iii) 
Memory 
Coupon 
(Condition 
28(a)(ii)) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable, delete the 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph)  
 
 
- Calculation Amount (CA):  
[●] 
 
 
- Memory Coupon Value:  
[●] 
 
 
- t: 
[The amount set forth in the Interest Payment Table in the 
column entitled "t" in the row corresponding to the Interest 
Payment Date]/[In respect of an Interest Payment Date, 
the number of Interest Payment Dates falling in the period 
commencing on, but excluding, the Issue Date and 
ending on, and including, such Interest Payment Date]  
 
 
- Coupon Averaging: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Factor 
Coupon 
(Single 
Reference 
Item) 
(Condition 
28(a)(iii)) 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
Factor 
Coupon 
(Basket 
of 
Reference 
Items) 
(Condition 
28(a)(iv)) 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
(If both Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)  
 
11 Payments on Reference Item Linked Notes may give rise to Canadian withholding tax.  An opinion of tax counsel 
should be obtained and if no opinion is obtained or if any deduction or withholding may be required, consider 
providing in the Final Terms that Condition 5(c) does not apply to such Notes.   
**Consider whether any additional disclosure is required to comply with the disclosure requirements of the Interest 
Act (Canada)

--- Page 348 ---
345 
 
 
 
- Calculation Amount (CA):  
[●] 
 
 
- Coupon Factor: 
[●] 
 
 
- Coupon Factor Denominator 
Multiplier: 
[[●]/The amount set forth in the Coupon Payment Table 
in the column entitled "Coupon Factor Denominator 
Multiplier"]  
 
(v) 
Lock-in 
Coupon 
(Condition 
28(a)(v)) 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
 
- Coupon Lock-in Event:  
Applicable: for the purposes of the definition of "Coupon 
Lock-in Event" in Condition 28, [less than or equal to 
Coupon Lock-in Level] / [greater than or equal to Coupon 
Lock-in Level] / [less than Coupon Lock-in Level] / 
[greater than Coupon Lock-in Level] is applicable  
 
 
- Coupon Lock-in Level:  
[[●]/As set forth in the Reference Item Table in the column 
entitled "Coupon Lock-in Level" corresponding to the 
relevant Reference Item/ As set forth in the Interest 
Payment Table in the column entitled "Coupon Lock-in 
Level" corresponding to the relevant Coupon Valuation 
Date] [Not Applicable]  
 
 
- Lock-in Coupon Amount: 
[●] 
 
 
- Specified Interest Amount:  
[●]/[In respect of each Interest Payment Date, the amount 
set forth in the Interest Payment Table in the column 
entitled 
"Interest 
Coupon 
Amount" 
in 
the 
row 
corresponding to such Interest Payment Date]  
 
(vi) 
Performance 
Coupon 
1 
(Condition 28(a)(vi)) 
 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
 
- PCA: 
[●] 
 
 
- CF: 
[●] 
 
 
- Coupon Participation: 
[●] 
 
 
- t: 
[The amount set forth in the Interest Payment Table in the 
column entitled "t"]/[In respect of an Interest Payment 
Date, the number of Interest Payment Dates falling in the 
period commencing on, but excluding, the Issue Date and 
ending on, and including, such Interest Payment Date]  
 
 
Coupon Strike: 
Coupon Strike – High Watermark is [not] applicable[; [●] 
(specify amount if Coupon Strike – High Watermark is not 
applicable)]  
 
 
- Value (t): 
[Reference Item Closing Value/Reference Item Intra-Day 
Value]  
 
 
- Initial Value: 
[Initial Reference Item Closing Value/Initial Reference 
Item Intra-Day Value]

--- Page 349 ---
346 
 
 
 
[- Weighted Performance: 
(Insert paragraph if the Notes relate to a Basket of 
Reference Items, otherwise delete) 
[Weighted 
Performance 
(Value/Initial)]/[Weighted 
Performance (Asset Return)]]  
 
(vii) 
Performance 
Coupon 
2 
(Condition 28(a)(vii) 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
 
- PCA: 
[●] 
 
 
- CF: 
[●] 
 
 
- Coupon Participation: 
[●] 
 
 
- t: 
[The amount set forth in the Interest Payment Table in the 
column entitled "t"]/[In respect of an Interest Payment 
Date, the number of Interest Payment Dates falling in the 
period commencing on, but excluding, the Issue Date and 
ending on, and including, such Interest Payment Date]  
 
 
- Coupon Strike: 
Coupon Strike – High Watermark is [not] applicable[;[●] 
(specify amount if Coupon Strike – High Watermark is not 
applicable)]  
 
 
- Value (t): 
[Reference Item Closing Value/Reference Item Intra-Day 
Value]  
 
 
- Initial Value: 
[Initial Reference Item Closing Value/Initial Reference 
Item Intra-Day Value]  
 
 
[- Weighted Performance: 
(Insert paragraph if the Notes relate to a Basket of 
Reference Items, otherwise delete) 
[Weighted 
Performance 
(Value/Initial)]/[Weighted 
Performance (Asset Return)]]  
 
(viii) 
Range Accrual Coupon (Single 
Reference 
Item) 
(Condition 
28(a)(viii)) 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
Range Accrual Coupon (Worst 
of) (Condition 28(a)(ix)) 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
Range Accrual Coupon (Basket 
of Reference Items) (Condition 
28(a)(x)) 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
(If all Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
- Calculation Amount (CA): 
[●] 
 
 
- Range Accrual Coupon Factor: 
[●] 
 
 
- Low Barrier: 
[●]/[As set forth in the Reference Item Table in the column 
entitled "Low Barrier" corresponding to the relevant 
Reference Item]

--- Page 350 ---
347 
 
 
 
- High Barrier: 
[●]/[As set forth in the Reference Item Table in the column 
entitled "High Barrier" corresponding to the relevant 
Reference Item] 
 
 
- [N]/[N(Worst of)]/[N (Basket)]:  
 
[Greater than or equal to [Low Barrier/Greater than Low 
Barrier] is applicable]  
[Equal to or less than [High Barrier/Less than High 
Barrier] is applicable]  
 
 
 
(Insert items below if Range Accrual Coupon (Worst of) 
or Range Accrual Coupon (Basket of Reference Items) is 
applicable, otherwise delete)  
 
 
[ - Value (t): 
Reference Item Closing Value (If Value(t)is defined 
elsewhere in these Final Terms, delete this paragraph)] 
 
 
[- Initial Value: 
[Initial Reference Item Closing Value/Initial Reference 
Item Intra-Day Value]]  
 
 
[ - Weighted Performance: 
(Insert this paragraph if Range Accrual Coupon (Basket 
of Reference Items) is applicable; otherwise delete)  
[Weighted 
Performance 
(Value/Initial)]/[Weighted 
Performance (Asset Return)]] 
 
(ix) 
Enhanced Coupon (Condition 
28(a)(xi)) 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
Memory 
Enhanced 
Coupon 
(Condition 28(a)(xii)) 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
(If both Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
- Calculation Amount (CA): 
[●] 
 
 
- Enhanced Coupon Rate: 
[●] 
 
 
- Coupon Leverage: 
[●] 
 
 
- t: 
[The amount set forth in the Interest Payment Table in the 
column entitled "t"]/[In respect of an Interest Payment 
Date, the number of Interest Payment Dates falling in the 
period commencing on, but excluding, the Issue Date and 
ending on, and including, such Interest Payment Date] 
[Not Applicable] 
 
 
- Enhanced Coupon Event 1: 
Applicable: 
(a) 
[the/each/any] 
Enhanced 
Coupon 
Reference Item 1 and (b) [less than or equal to/less 
than/greater than or equal to/greater than] Enhanced 
Coupon Level 1  
 
 
-  Enhanced Coupon 
Reference Item 1 
[[The/Each] 
[Commodity 
[and] 
/Commodity 
Index] 
[and]/[Inflation Index] [and]/ [Equity] [and]/[FX Rate] 
[and]/Fund] 
as 
specified 
below 
in 
paragraph[s] 
[32/33/34/35/36/37]]/[[The/Each] 
Reference 
Item 
specified as such in the Reference Item Table below in 
the column entitled "Enhanced Coupon Reference 
Item(s)"]/[[ ●](Specify each relevant Reference Item)]

--- Page 351 ---
348 
 
 
 
- Enhanced Coupon Level 1 
[●]/[As set forth in the Reference Item Table in the column 
entitled "Enhanced Coupon Level" corresponding to the 
relevant Reference Item]/ [As set forth in the Coupon 
Payment Table in the column entitled "Enhanced Coupon 
Level 1" corresponding to the relevant Coupon Valuation 
Date]  
 
 
- Enhanced Coupon Event 2: 
Applicable: 
(a) 
[the/each/any] 
Enhanced 
Coupon 
Reference Item 2 and (b) [less than or equal to/less 
than/greater than or equal to/greater than] Enhanced 
Coupon Level 2  
 
 
-  Enhanced Coupon 
Reference Item 2 
[[The/Each] 
[Commodity 
[and] 
/Commodity 
Index] 
[and]/[Inflation] Index] [and]/ [Equity] [and]/[FX Rate] 
[and]/Fund]] 
as 
specified 
below 
in 
paragraph[s] 
[32/33/34/35/36/37]]/[[The/Each] 
Reference 
Item 
specified as such in the Reference Item Table below in 
the column entitled "Enhanced Coupon Reference 
Item(s)"]/[[ ●](Specify each relevant Reference Item)]  
 
 
- Enhanced Coupon Level 
2 
[●]/[As set forth in the Reference Item Table below in the 
column entitled "Enhanced Coupon Level" corresponding 
to the relevant Reference Item]/ [As set forth in the 
Coupon Payment Table in the column entitled "Enhanced 
Coupon Level 1" corresponding to the relevant Coupon 
Valuation Date]  
 
 
- Coupon Observation Period 
Closing: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
- Coupon Observation Period 
Intra-Day 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
- 
Coupon 
Valuation 
Date 
Closing: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
(x) 
Contingent 
Floating 
Rate 
Coupon (Condition 28(a)(xiii)) 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
Memory 
Contingent 
Floating 
Rate 
Coupon 
(Condition 
28(a)(xiv)) 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
(If both Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
- CA 
[●] 
 
 
- ISDA Rate: 
 
 
 
 
- Floating Rate Option: 
[●] 
 
 
 
- Designated Maturity: 
[●] 
 
 
 
- Reset Date: 
[●]/[As specified in the definition of ISDA Rate in 
Condition 4] 
 
 
- Spread: 
[[+/-][●] per cent. per annum]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
- ISDA Rate Interest Period(s): 
[●]

--- Page 352 ---
349 
 
 
 
- ISDA Rate Interest Period End 
Date(s) 
[Each] [Interest Payment Date(s)/[●]] [in each [year] 
[month] from, and including, [●], to, and including, [●]] / 
[Each date set forth in the table above] [Adjusted / 
Unadjusted] (repeat as necessary)  
 
 
- Coupon Averaging: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
(xi) 
[Coupon Valuation Date(s): 
[●]/Each date set forth in the Coupon Payment Table in 
the column entitled "Coupon Valuation Date(s)"] 
 
 
(xii) 
[Averaging Dates: 
In respect of [the Coupon Valuation Date scheduled to fall 
on [●]/[●]] (insert relevant Coupon Valuation Date 
corresponding to the relevant set of Averaging Dates):  
[●]/Each date set forth in the Interest Payment Table in 
the column entitled "Averaging Date(s)"/Such dates 
specified as "Averaging Date(s)" in respect of a Coupon 
Valuation Date under paragraph[s] 38 below  
(repeat as necessary)]  
 
(xiii) 
[Coupon Observation Date(s): 
[●]/Each date set forth in the Interest Payment Table in 
the column entitled "Coupon Observation Date(s)" (If 
other than Range Accrual Coupon, delete the paragraph)]  
 
(xiv) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[[●] [in each [year] [month] from, and including, [●] to, and 
including, [●]] [subject to adjustment in accordance with 
[specify Business Day Convention]] / [Each date set forth 
in the Interest Payment Table in the column entitled 
"Interest Payment Date(s)"]  
 
(xv) 
Coupon Barrier Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable delete sub-
paragraphs)  
 
 
- Coupon Observation Period 
Closing:  
 
[Applicable: (a) [the/each/any] [Reference Item/Relevant 
Performance] and (b) [less than or equal to/greater than 
or equal to/less than/greater than] the Coupon Barrier 
Level]/[Not Applicable]  
 
 
- Coupon Observation Period 
Intra-Day:  
 
[Applicable: (a) [the/each/any] [Reference Item/Relevant 
Performance] and (b) [less than or equal to/greater than 
or equal to/less than/greater than] the Coupon Barrier 
Level]/[Not Applicable]  
 
 
Coupon Valuation Date Closing:  
 
[Applicable: (a) [the/each/any] [Reference Item/the 
Relevant Performance] and (b) [less than or equal 
to/greater than or equal to/less than/greater than] the 
Coupon Barrier Level]/[Not Applicable]  
 
 
[- Relevant Performance:  
 
[Applicable: [Asset Performance]/[Relevant Performance 
(Basket)]/[Weighted 
Performance 
(Value/Initial)]/ 
[Weighted 
Performance 
(Asset 
Return)]/[Relevant 
Performance 
(Worst)]/[Coupon 
Average 
Relevant 
Performance]]/[Not Applicable]  
 
 
[ - Value(t):  
[Applicable: [Reference Item Closing Value/Reference 
Item Intra-Day Value]]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 353 ---
350 
 
 
(xvi) 
Coupon Barrier Level: 
[[●]/As set forth in the Reference Item Table in the column 
entitled "Coupon Barrier Level" corresponding to the 
relevant Reference Item/ As set forth in the Coupon 
Payment Table in the column entitled "Coupon Barrier 
Level" corresponding to the relevant Coupon Valuation 
Date] [Not Applicable]  
 
(xvii) 
Coupon Observation Period: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable, delete the 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph)  
 
 
- Coupon Observation Period 
Start Date:  
 
[In respect of [each/the] Coupon [Valuation/Observation] 
Date, [●]][Each date set forth in the Coupon Payment 
Table in the column entitled "Coupon Observation Period 
Start Date(s)"] - [Included / Excluded]]  
 
 
- Coupon Observation Period 
End Date:  
 
[Each/The] Coupon [Valuation/Observation] Date  
- [Adjusted/Unadjusted]  
- [Included / Excluded]  
 
 
- Observation Date (Closing 
Valuation):  
 
[Applicable, as specified in the [: [(i)] Equity Linked 
Provisions [in respect of [each/the] Equity] [and]/[(ii)] 
Index Linked Provisions [in respect of [each/the] Index] 
[and]/[(iii)] Commodity Linked Provisions [in respect of 
[each/the] Commodity/Commodity Index] [and]/[(iv)] FX 
Linked Provisions [in respect of [each/the] FX Rate] 
[and]/[(v)] Fund Linked Provisions [in respect of [each/the] 
Fund]] [Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable, delete the 
remaining subparagraphs of this paragraph)  
 
 
- Specified Observation Date 
(Closing Valuation):  
[Applicable: [●]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
- Observation Date (Intra-Day 
Valuation):  
 
[Applicable, as specified in [: [(i)] Condition 6 [in respect 
of [each/the] Commodity/Commodity Index] [and]/[(ii)] 
Condition [7][11] [in respect of [each/the] [Inflation] Index] 
[and]/[(iii)] Condition 8 [in respect of [each/the] Equity]  
[and]/[(iv)] Condition 9 [in respect of [each/the] FX Rate]] 
[Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph)  
 
 
Specified 
Observation 
Date 
(Intra-Day Valuation): 
[Applicable: [●]]/[Not Applicable]  
 (xviii) 
Provisions 
for 
determining 
Interest 
Amount 
where 
calculation 
by 
reference 
to 
Equity 
and/or 
Index 
and/or 
Commodity and/or Commodity 
Index and/or FX Rate and/or 
Fund 
is 
impossible 
or 
impracticable 
or 
otherwise 
disrupted:  
 
[Condition [6], [7], [8], [9], [10], [11] is applicable.  See 
paragraphs [32/33/34/35/36/37] below]

--- Page 354 ---
351 
 
 
 
 
 
(*insert, if required, additional columns "Coupon Barrier Level" (if Coupon Barrier Level is different for each Coupon Valuation 
Date), "Coupon Observation Period Start Date(s)", "Coupon Valuation Date(s)" and "Averaging Dates") 
 
[If Memory Coupon is applicable, insert: Interest Payment 
Table*] 
t 
[Coupon Barrier 
Level]12 
Coupon 
Valuation 
Date(s) 
Interest Payment 
Date(s) 
1 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[2] 
[●] 
[●] 
(Insert date, 
repeat as 
appropriate) 
[●] 
(Insert date, repeat 
as appropriate) 
(*insert, if required, additional columns "Coupon Observation Period Start Date(s)" and "Averaging Dates") 
[If Factor Coupon (Single Reference Item) or Factor Coupon (Basket of Reference Items) is 
applicable, insert if appropriate: Interest Payment Table*] 
[Coupon 
Barrier 
Level]13 
[Coupon Factor 
Denominator 
Multiplier] 
Coupon 
Valuatio
n 
Interest Payment 
Date(s) 
 
 
Date(s) 
 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
 
(Insert 
date, 
repeat as 
appropriate 
[●] 
 
(Insert date, 
repeat as 
appropriate) 
(*insert, if required, additional columns "Coupon Observation Period Start Date(s)") 
 
[If Lock-in Coupon is applicable, insert if appropriate: Interest Payment Table*] 
[Coupon 
Barrier 
Level]14 
[Coupon Lock-
in Level]15 
Coupon 
Valuation 
Date(s) 
Specified Interest 
Amount 
[●] 
 
(Insert Coupon 
Barrier Level, 
repeat as 
appropriate) 
[●] 
 
(Insert 
Coupon 
Lock-in 
Level, repeat 
[●] 
 
(Insert date, repeat 
as appropriate) 
[●] 
 
(Insert amount, 
repeat as 
appropriate) 
 
12 Insert if Coupon Barrier Level is different for each Coupon Valuation Date. 
13 Insert if Coupon Barrier Level is different for each Coupon Valuation Date. 
14 Insert if Coupon Barrier Level is different for each Coupon Valuation Date. 
15 Insert if Coupon Lock-in Level is different for each Coupon Valuation Date. 
[If Contingent Coupon is applicable, insert if appropriate: Interest Payment Table*] 
Interest Payment Date(s) 
Specified Interest Amount 
[●] 
(Insert date, repeat as 
appropriate) 
[●] 
(Insert date, repeat as 
appropriate)

--- Page 355 ---
352 
 
as 
appropriate) 
(*insert, if required, additional columns "Coupon Observation Period Start Date(s)" and "Coupon Payment Date(s)") 
 
[If Performance Coupon 1 is applicable, insert if appropriate: Interest Payment 
Table*] 
[t] 
Coupon Valuation Date(s) 
Interest Payment Date(s) 
[1] 
[●] 
 
(Insert date, repeat as 
appropriate) 
[●] 
 
(Insert date, repeat 
as appropriate) 
(*insert, if required, additional columns "Coupon Observation Period Start Date(s)") 
 
[If Performance Coupon 2 is applicable, insert if appropriate: Interest Payment 
Table*] 
[t] 
Coupon Valuation Date(s) 
Interest Payment Date(s) 
[1] 
[●] 
 
(Insert date, repeat as 
appropriate) 
[●] 
 
(Insert date, repeat 
as appropriate) 
(*insert, if required, additional columns "Coupon Observation Period Start Date(s)") 
[If Range Accrual Coupon (Single Reference Item), Range Accrual Coupon 
(Worst of) or Range Accrual Coupon (Basket of Reference Items) is applicable, 
insert if appropriate: Interest Payment Table*] 
Coupon 
Observation 
Period Start Date 
Coupon Observation Date(s) 
Interest Payment 
Date(s) 
[●] 
 
(Insert date, repeat 
as appropriate) 
[●] 
 
(Insert date, repeat as 
appropriate) 
[●] 
 
(Insert date, repeat 
as appropriate) 
(*insert, if required, additional columns "Coupon Observation Period Start Date(s)") 
 
[If Enhanced Coupon or Memory Enhanced Coupon is applicable, insert if 
appropriate: 
Interest Payment Table*] 
[t] 
Coupon Valuation Date(s) 
Interest Payment Date(s) 
[1] 
[●] 
 
(Insert date, repeat as 
appropriate) 
[●] 
 
(Insert date, repeat 
as appropriate) 
(*insert, if required, additional columns "Enhanced Coupon Level 1" (if Enhanced Coupon Level 1 is different for each 
Coupon Valuation Date), "Enhanced Coupon Level 2" (if Enhanced Coupon Level 2 is different for each Coupon Valuation 
Date) and "Coupon Observation Period Start Date(s)")

--- Page 356 ---
353 
 
[If ISDA Rate Coupon or Memory ISDA Rate Coupon is applicable, insert if 
appropriate: Interest Payment Table*] 
[Coupon 
Barrier 
Level]16 
Coupon Valuation Date(s) 
Interest Payment 
Date(s) 
[●] 
 
(Insert date, repeat 
as appropriate) 
[●] 
 
(Insert date, repeat as 
appropriate) 
[●] 
 
(Insert date, repeat 
as appropriate) 
(*insert, if required, additional columns "Coupon Observation Period Start Date(s)" and "Averaging Dates") 
22.  
Additional Interest Provisions 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Interest Period(s)/ Interest 
Payment Dates: 
[●] [each consisting of [●] Interest Accrual Periods each 
of [●]] [in each year commencing [●] up to and including 
the Maturity Date] 
The Interest [Period[s]/Payment Dates] will [not] be 
adjusted [in accordance with the Business Day 
Convention set out at paragraph 22(iv) below]. 
[There will be a [short/long] [first/last] fixed interest period 
(the “[Short/Long] [First/Last] Coupon”) in respect of 
the 
period 
[from 
(and 
including) 
the 
Interest 
Commencement Date to (but excluding) the first Interest 
Payment Date]/[from (and including) [(insert penultimate 
Interest Payment Date)] to (and including) the Maturity 
Date] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Period Date(s): 
[[●]/Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Interest Accrual Period End 
Date(s): 
[[●]/Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Business Day Convention/ Following 
Business Day Convention/ Modified Following Business 
Day Convention/ Preceding Business Day Convention] 
 
(v) 
Business Centre(s): 
[●] 
 
(vi) 
Party responsible for calculating 
the Rate(s) of Interest and/or 
Interest Amount(s) (if not the 
Fiscal Agent): 
[●] 
 
(vii) 
Linear Interpolation 
[Not Applicable/Applicable – the Rate of Interest for the 
[long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be calculated 
using Linear Interpolation (specify for each short or long 
interest period)] 
 
(viii) 
Margin(s): 
 
[+/-] [●] per cent. per annum/Not Applicable 
 
(ix) 
Interest Amount(s): 
[[●] per Calculation Amount/ Calculated in accordance 
with Condition [4(j)] [other]] 
 
(x) 
Minimum [Rate of Interest] 
[Interest Amount]: 
[[●] per cent. per annum] [[●] per Calculation Amount] 
[Zero per cent. per annum] [Not Applicable] 
 
16 Insert if Coupon Barrier Level is different for each Coupon Valuation Date.

--- Page 357 ---
354 
 
 
(xi) 
Maximum [Rate of Interest] 
[Interest Amount]: 
[[●] per cent. per annum] [[●] per Calculation Amount] [Not 
Applicable] 
 
(xii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual 
Actual/Actual (ISDA) 
Actual/365 (Fixed) 
Actual/Actual (ICMA) 
Actual/360 
Actual/365 (Sterling) 
30/360, 360/360, Bond Basis 
30E/360 
30E/360 (ISDA)] 
23. Zero Coupon Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Amortization Yield: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
(ii) 
Day Count Fraction in relation 
to Early Redemption Amounts 
and late payments: 
[30/360 
Actual/360 
Actual/365 
other] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
24. Call Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(If the Belgian Securities Annex applies, select only for 
Notes that are marketed as callable Notes) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption 
Amount(s) of each Note and 
method, if any, of calculation of 
such amount(s): 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iii) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
 
 
(a) Minimum Redemption 
Amount: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
 
(b) Maximum Redemption 
Amount: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iv) 
Notice period:6  
[●] 
25. Put Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[●]

--- Page 358 ---
355 
 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption 
Amount(s) of each Note and 
method, if any, of calculation of 
such amount(s): 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iii) 
Notice period:17 
[●] 
26. Automatic Redemption (Autocall) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(If the Belgian Securities Annex applies, select only for 
Notes that are marketed as autocallable Notes) 
 
(i) Underlying Performance Type: 
[Single Asset] [Basket] [Worst-of/Best-of]  
 
(ii) Autocall Observation Type: 
[Discrete][Continuous] 
 
(a) [Continuous Autocall Start Date: 
[●]] 
 
(b) [Continuous Autocall End Date: 
[●]] 
 
(iii) Autocall Barrier Percentage[s]: 
[●] [Each of the percentages set out in Table [●] below 
in the column entitled ‘Autocall Barrier Percentage’.] 
 
(iv) Autocall Redemption Percentage[s]: 
[●] [Each of the percentages set out in Table [●] below 
in the column entitled ‘Autocall Redemption 
Percentage’.] 
 
(v) Autocall Valuation Date[s]: 
[●] [Each date set out in Table [●] below in the column 
entitled ‘Autocall Valuation Date’.] 
 
(vi) Autocall Redemption Date[s]: 
[●] [Each date set out in Table [●] below in the column 
entitled ‘Autocall Redemption Date’.] [The [●] Business 
Day following each Autocall Valuation Date] 
 
(vii) Autocall Valuation Price: 
[●] 
 
(viii) Averaging-out: 
[Applicable/ Not Applicable] 
[Averaging-out Dates: [●]] 
[Each of the dates set out in Table [●] below in the 
column entitled ‘Averaging-out Dates’.] 
 
(ix) Min Lookback-out: 
[Applicable/ Not Applicable] 
[Lookback-out Dates: [●]] 
[Each of the dates set out in Table [●] below in the 
column entitled ‘Lookback-out Dates’.] 
 
(x) Max Lookback-out: 
[Applicable/ Not Applicable] 
[Lookback-out Dates: [●]] 
[Each of the dates set out in Table [●] below in the 
column entitled ‘Lookback-out Dates’.] 
 
Table [●] 
 
 
17 If setting notice periods which are different to those provided in the terms and conditions, the Issuer is advised 
to consider the practicalities of distribution of information through intermediaries, for example, clearing systems 
and custodians, as well as any other notice requirements which may apply, for example, as between the Issuer 
and its fiscal agents.

--- Page 359 ---
356 
 
Autocall 
Valuation Date: 
Autocall 
Barrier 
Percentage: 
Autocall 
Redemption 
Percentage: 
Autocall 
Redemption 
Date: 
[Averaging-out 
Dates:] 
[Lookback-out 
Dates:] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
27.  [Final Redemption Amount of each 
Note:] 
 
[[●] per Calculation Amount]  
(if the Notes are not Reference Item Linked Notes delete 
the following paragraphs) 
 
[Final Redemption Amount (Reference 
Item Linked Notes – Condition 28(c)] 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Reference Item(s): 
[[The/Each Commodity [and]/Commodity Index] [and]/ 
Index [and]/ Equity [and]/FX Rate [and]/Fund] as specified 
below 
in 
paragraph[s] 
[32/33/34/35/36/37]]/[Each 
Reference Item specified as such in the Reference Item 
Table below in the column entitled "Reference Item 
Category"]/[●] (Specify each relevant Reference Item)]  
 
(ii) 
Provisions 
for 
determining 
Redemption 
Amount 
where 
calculation 
by 
reference 
to 
Share 
and/or 
Index 
and/or 
Commodity/Commodity 
Index 
and/or Fund is impossible or 
impracticable 
or 
otherwise 
disrupted:  
Condition [6], [7], [8], [9], [10], 11] are applicable.  See 
paragraphs [32/33/34/35/36/37] 
 
(iii) 
Settlement Method 
[Cash Settlement] [Physical Delivery] [Cash Settlement 
and/or Physical Delivery]  
[Note: Physical Delivery not applicable for 144A Notes 
held in DTC]

--- Page 360 ---
357 
 
 
(iv) 
Redemption Condition  
 
 
[Redemption Amount 1 (Single Reference Item) 
(Condition 28(c)[(i)] [(ii)])] 
[Redemption Amount 2 (Condition 28(c)[(iii)] [(iv)])] 
[Redemption Amount 3 (Condition 28(c)[(v)] [(vi)])] 
[Redemption Amount 4 (Condition 28 (c)[(vii)] [(viii)])] 
[Redemption Amount 5 (Condition 29(c)(ix))] 
[Twin Win with Cap (Single Reference Item) (Condition 
29(c)(x))] 
[Twin Win with no Cap (Single Reference Item) 
(Condition 29(c)(xi))] 
[Barrier Event (Single Reference Item) (Condition 
29(c)(xii))]  
[Redemption Amount 6 (Condition 29(c)(xiii))] 
[Redemption Amount 7 (Single Reference Item) 
(Condition 29(c)(xiv)]  
[Redemption Amount 7 (Basket of Reference Items) 
(Condition 29(c)(xv))]  
[Redemption Amount 8 (Condition 29(c)(xvi)] 
Barrier Reverse Convertible Notes (Condition 
29(c)[(xvii)] [(xviii))] 
[Reverse Convertible Notes (Condition 29(c)[(xix)] [(xx))] 
[Redemption Amount 1 (Basket of Reference Items) 
(Condition 28(c)(xxi)] 
[Twin Win with Cap (Basket of Reference Items) 
(Condition 29(c)(xxii))] 
[Twin Win with no Cap (Basket of Reference Items) 
(Condition 29(c)(xxiii))] 
[Barrier Event (Basket of Reference Items) (Condition 
29(c)(xxiv))]  
(Delete Conditions that do not apply) 
 
(v) 
Calculation Amount (CA):  
[●] 
 
(vi) 
Averaging: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
 
(vii) 
Initial Value: 
[Initial Reference Item Closing Value/Initial Reference 
Item Intra-Day Value]

--- Page 361 ---
358 
 
 
(viii) 
[Redemption Barrier: 
[[●]/As set forth in the Reference Item Table in the column 
entitled "Redemption Barrier"]  
(applicable to Redemption Amount 1, Redemption 
Amount 2, Redemption Amount 3 and Redemption 
Amount 7 (Single Reference Item) and Redemption 
Amount 7 (Basket of Reference Items); delete for all 
others]] 
 
(ix) 
[Cap: 
[●] [Not Applicable] 
(applicable to Redemption Amount 1, Redemption 
Amount 2, Twin Win with Cap (Single Reference Item), 
Twin Win with Cap (Basket of Reference Items), Barrier 
Event (Single Reference Item) and Redemption Amount 
7(Single Reference Item) and Redemption Amount 7 
(Basket of Reference Items); delete for all others]] 
 
(x) 
[Floor: 
[●] [Not Applicable] 
(applicable to Redemption Amount 1, Redemption 
Amount 2, Redemption Amount 5, Twin Win with Cap 
(Single Reference Item), Twin Win with Cap (Basket of 
Reference Items), Barrier Event (Single Reference Item), 
Redemption Amount 6 and Redemption Amount 7 
(Single Reference Item) and Redemption Amount 7 
(Basket of Reference Items); delete for all others) 
 
(xi) 
Barrier Event: 
[Applicable, for the purposes of the definition of "Barrier 
Event" in Condition 29(c), [less than or equal to/less than] 
Barrier Event Strike is applicable] [Not Applicable] (If Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph)  
(delete for Redemption Amount 6, Barrier Reverse 
Convertible Notes, Reverse Convertible Notes and 
Redemption Amount 7 (Basket of Reference Items)) 
 
 
- Barrier Observation Period 
Closing: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
 
 
- Barrier Observation Period 
Intra-Day: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
 
 
- Barrier Reference Date 
Closing: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
 
 
- Barrier Reference Date: 
[In respect of:] [(i)] [the/each] [Commodity Index,] [Index,] 
[Equity,] 
[Fund,] 
[Valuation 
Date] 
[(ii)] 
[the/each] 
[Commodity,] [Final Pricing Date] [(iii)] [the/each] [FX 
Rate,] [FX Valuation Date] [Final Averaging Date] [●] 
(specify date)  
 
 
- Barrier Event Strike: 
[[●]/As set forth in the Reference Item Table in the column 
entitled "Barrier Event Strike"]

--- Page 362 ---
359 
 
 
(xii) 
Barrier Observation Period: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable, delete the 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph)  
(delete for Redemption Amount 6, Barrier Reverse 
Convertible Notes, Reverse Convertible Notes and 
Redemption Amount 7 (Basket of Reference Items)) 
 
 
- Barrier Observation Period 
Start Date: 
[●], [Included/Excluded]  
 
 
- Barrier Observation Period 
End Date: 
[●], [Included/Excluded] 
 
(xiii) 
Observation Date (Closing 
Valuation): 
[Applicable, as specified in the [: [(i)]] Condition 6 [in 
respect of [each/the] Commodity/Commodity Index] 
[and]/ [(ii)] Condition 7 [in respect of [each/the] Index] 
[and]/[(iii)] Condition 8 [in respect of [each/the] Equity] 
[and]/ [(iv)] Condition 9 [in respect of [each/the] FX Rate] 
[and]/[(v)] Condition 10 [in respect of [each/the] Fund]] 
[Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph)  
(delete for Redemption Amount 6 and (Single Reference 
Item) and Redemption Amount 7 (Basket of Reference 
Items)) 
 
 
- Specified Observation Date 
(Closing Valuation): 
[Applicable: [●]]/[Not Applicable]  
 
(xiv) 
Observation Date (Intra-Day 
Valuation): 
[Applicable, as specified in the [: [(i)]] Condition 6 [in 
respect of [each/the] Commodity/Commodity Index] 
[and]/ [(ii)] Condition 7 [in respect of [each/the] Index] 
[and]/[(iii)] Condition 8 [in respect of [each/the] Equity] 
[and]/ [(iv)] Condition 9 [in respect of [each/the] FX Rate] 
[and]/[(v)] Condition 10 [in respect of [each/the] Fund]] 
[Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph)  
(delete for Redemption Amount 6 and (Single Reference 
Item) and Redemption Amount 7 (Basket of Reference 
Items)) 
 
 
- Specified Observation Date 
(Intra-Day Valuation): 
[Applicable: [●]]/[Not Applicable]  
 
(xv) 
Linear Feature 
(applicable to Twin Win with Cap (Single Reference 
Item), Twin Win with Cap (Basket of Reference Items)) 
 
(xvi) 
PF1: 
(applicable to Twin Win with Cap (Single Reference 
Item), Twin Win with Cap (Basket of Reference Items)) 
 
(xvii) 
Strike: 
[●]  
(applicable to Twin Win with Cap (Single Reference 
Item), Twin Win with Cap (Basket of Reference Items)) 
 
 
(the following items (xvii) – (xx) are applicable to Redemption Amount 6, delete for all 
others) 
 
[(xviii) 
VCA: 
[●] 
 
(xix) 
Participation: 
[●]

--- Page 363 ---
360 
 
 
(xx)] 
FXR: 
[Applicable; For the purposes of the definition of "FXR", 
"Inverse FXR" is [not] applicable/Not Applicable]  
 
(xxi) 
Final Relevant Performance 
(FRP): 
[Final Asset Performance/Final Relevant Performance 
(Basket)/Final Relevant Performance (Worst) 
 
 
- Final Asset Performance 
(Final/Initial):  
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] (Insert this paragraph if FRP 
is 
Final 
Asset 
Performance 
or 
Final 
Relevant 
Performance (Worst))  
 
 
- Final Asset Performance 
(Asset Return):  
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] (Insert this paragraph if FRP 
is 
Final 
Asset 
Performance 
or 
Final 
Relevant 
Performance (Worst))  
 
 
- W: 
[●]/As set forth in the Reference Item Table in the column 
entitled "W"] (Insert this paragraph if FRP is Final 
Relevant Performance (Basket))  
 
 
- Weighted Performance 
(Final/Initial):  
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] (Insert this paragraph if FRP 
is Final Relevant Performance (Basket))  
 
 
- Weighted Performance (Asset 
Return):  
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] (Insert this paragraph if FRP 
is Final Relevant Performance (Basket))  
 
 
(the following items (xxii) and (xxiii) are applicable to Redemption Amount 7 (Single 
Reference Item), delete for all others) 
 
[(xxii) 
Knock-In Event:  
 
[Applicable, for the purposes of the definition of "Knock-
In Event" in Condition 28(d), [greater than or equal 
to/greater than] Knock-In Strike is applicable]  
 
 
- Knock-In Observation Period 
Closing:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
- Knock-In Observation Period 
Intra-Day:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
- Knock-In Reference Date 
Closing:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
- Knock-In Reference Date:  
 
[In respect of:] [(i)] [the/each] [Commodity Index,] [Index,] 
[Equity,] [Fund,] [Valuation Date] [(ii)] [the/each] 
[Commodity,] [Final Pricing Date] [(iii)] [the/each] [FX 
Rate,] [FX Valuation Date] [Final Averaging Date] [●] 
(specify date) 
 
 
- Knock-In Strike:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(xxiii) 
Knock-In Observation Period:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable, delete the 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
- Knock-In Observation Period 
Start Date:  
[●], [Included/Excluded] 
 
 
- Knock-In Observation Period 
End Date:  
[●], [Included/Excluded] 
 
 
(the following items (xxiv) and (xxv) are applicable to Redemption Amount 7 (Basket of 
Reference Items), delete for all others)

--- Page 364 ---
361 
 
 
[(xxiv) 
Knock-In Performance Event:  
Applicable, for the purposes of the definition of "Knock-In 
Performance Event" in Condition 28(d), [greater than or 
equal to/greater than] Knock-In Performance Strike is 
applicable] 
 
 
- Knock-In Performance 
Observation Period Closing:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
- Knock-In Observation 
Performance Period Intra-Day:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
- Knock-In Observation 
Performance Closing:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
- Knock-In Reference Date:  
[In respect of:] [(i)] [the/each] [Commodity Index,] [Index,] 
[Equity,] [Fund,] [Valuation Date] [(ii)] [the/each] 
[Commodity,] [Final Pricing Date] [(iii)] [the/each] [FX 
Rate,] [FX Valuation Date] [Final Averaging Date] [●] 
(specify date) 
 
 
- Knock-In Performance Strike:  
[[●]/As set forth in the Reference Item Table in the 
column entitled "Knock-In Performance Strike"] 
 
(xxv) 
Knock-In Performance 
Observation Period:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable, delete the 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
- Knock-In Performance 
Observation Period Start Date:  
[●], [Included/Excluded] 
 
 
- Knock-In Performance 
Observation Period End Date:  
[●], [Included/Excluded] 
 
(xxvi) 
Barrier Performance Event: 
[Applicable, for the purposes of the definition of "Barrier 
Performance Event" in Condition 28(d), [less than or 
equal to/less than] Barrier Performance Strike is 
applicable] 
 
 
- Barrier Performance 
Observation Period Closing: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
- Barrier Performance 
Observation Period Intra-Day: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
- Barrier Performance Closing: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
- Barrier Reference Date: 
[In respect of:] [(i)] [the/each] [Commodity Index,] [Index,] 
[Equity,] [Fund,] [Valuation Date] [(ii)] [the/each] 
[Commodity,] [Final Pricing Date] [(iii)] [the/each] [FX 
Rate,] [FX Valuation Date] [Final Averaging Date] [●] 
(specify date) 
 
 
- Barrier Performance Strike: 
[[●]/As set forth in the Reference Item Table in the 
column entitled "Barrier Event Strike"] 
 
 
- Relevant Performance 
[Asset Performance]/[Relevant Performance (Basket)]/ 
[Weighted 
Performance 
(Value/Initial)]/[Weighted 
Performance (Asset Return)]]/[Relevant Performance 
(Worst)]  
 
 
- Value (t): 
[Reference Item Closing Value/Reference Item Intra-Day 
Value]

--- Page 365 ---
362 
 
 
(xxvii) 
Barrier Performance 
Observation Period: 
Applicable/Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable, delete the 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
- Barrier Performance 
Observation Period Start Date: 
[●], [Included/Excluded] 
 
 
- Barrier Performance 
Observation Period End Date: 
[●], [Included/Excluded] 
 
(xxviii) 
Observation Date (Closing 
Valuation): 
[Applicable, as specified in the [: [(i)]] Condition 6 [in 
respect of [each/the] Commodity/Commodity Index] 
[and]/ [(ii)] Condition 7 [in respect of [each/the] Index] 
[and]/[(iii)] Condition 8 [in respect of [each/the] Equity] 
[and]/ [(iv)] Condition 9 [in respect of [each/the] FX Rate] 
[and]/[(v)] Condition 10 [in respect of [each/the] Fund]] 
[Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph)  
 
 
- Specified Observation Date 
(Closing Valuation): 
[Applicable: [●]]/[Not Applicable]  
 
(xxix) 
Observation Date (Intra-Day 
Valuation): 
[Applicable, as specified in the [: [(i)]] Condition 6 [in 
respect of [each/the] Commodity/Commodity Index] 
[and]/ [(ii)] Condition 7 [in respect of [each/the] Index] 
[and]/[(iii)] Condition 8 [in respect of [each/the] Equity] 
[and]/ [(iv)] Condition 9 [in respect of [each/the] FX Rate] 
[and]/[(v)] Condition 10 [in respect of [each/the] Fund]] 
[Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph)  
 
 
- Specified Observation Date 
(Intra-Day Valuation): 
[Applicable: [●]]/[Not Applicable]  
 
(xxx) 
Put Strike 
[●] 
28.  Bail-inable Notes – TLAC 
Disqualification Event Call Option: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
29.  [Early Redemption Amount: 
Early Redemption Amount(s) of each 
Note: payable on redemption for taxation 
reasons[, TLAC Disqualification Event 
Call Option] or on event of default or 
illegality or other early redemption in 
accordance with the Conditions  
Delete where the Belgian Securities 
Annex applies 
[[●] per Calculation Amount] 
[Market Value less Associated Costs] per Calculation 
Amount: With respect to each Calculation Amount, such 
amount(s) determined by the Calculation Agent which 
shall represent the fair market value of such Calculation 
Amount on the date of redemption, including accrued 
interest (if any), adjusted to account fully for any losses, 
expenses and costs to the Issuer (or any of its Affiliates) 
of unwinding any underlying or related hedging and 
funding arrangements, all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion. For 
the purposes hereof:   
 
 
(i) the references to “, together with interest accrued, if 
any, to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption” shall 
be deemed to be deleted from each of Condition 5(c), 
Condition 5(d) and Condition 5(e); and 
(ii) the references to “together with accrued interest to the 
date of payment” shall be deemed to be deleted from 
Condition 18]

--- Page 366 ---
363 
 
[29.] 
[Early Redemption Amount (Reference 
Item Linked Notes – Condition 28(b) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining relevant sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)  
[The provisions applicable to the Notes are as set out in 
Annex A] (if inserting relevant provisions in Annex, delete 
following paragraphs)] 
 
(i) 
Early 
Redemption 
Reference 
Item(s):  
[[The/Each][ 
Commodity 
[and]/Commodity 
Index 
[and]/Index [and]/ Equity [and]/FX Rate [and]/Fund] as 
specified 
below 
in 
paragraph[s] 
[32/33/34/35/36/37]]/[Each Reference Item specified as 
such in the Reference Item Table below in the column 
entitled "Reference Item Category"]/[[●](Specify each 
relevant Reference Item)]  
 
(ii) 
Early Redemption Event 1:  
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-paragraph of 
this paragraph)  
 
 
- Early Redemption Barrier:  
 
[[In respect of each Early Redemption Valuation Date, ][ 
●]/As set forth in the Reference Item Table in the column 
entitled "Early Redemption Barrier" corresponding to the 
relevant Reference Item/As set forth in the Early 
Redemption Table in the column entitled "Early 
Redemption Barrier" corresponding to the relevant Early 
Redemption Valuation Date]  
 
 
- ER Averaging:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
 
(ii) 
Early Redemption Event 2:  
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-paragraph of 
this paragraph)  
 
 
- Early Redemption Barrier:  
 
[[In respect of each Early Redemption Valuation Date, ][ 
●]/As set forth in the Reference Item Table in the column 
entitled "Early Redemption Barrier" corresponding to the 
relevant Reference Item/As set forth in the Early 
Redemption Table in the column entitled "Early 
Redemption Barrier" corresponding to the relevant Early 
Redemption Valuation Date]  
 
 
- ER Averaging:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
 
(iv) 
Early Redemption Event 3:  
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph)  
 
 
- Relevant Performance:  
 
[Asset Performance]/[Relevant Performance (Basket)]/ 
[Weighted 
Performance 
(Value/Initial)]/[Weighted 
Performance (Asset Return)]]/[Relevant Performance 
(Worst)]  
 
 
[- Value(t):  
[Applicable: [Reference Item Closing Value/Reference 
Item Intra-Day Value]]/[Not Applicable]]

--- Page 367 ---
364 
 
 
 
[- Weighted Performance:  
[Weighted 
Performance 
(Value/Initial)/Weighted 
Performance (Asset Return)]  
(Insert if Relevant Performance (Basket) is applicable, 
otherwise delete)  
 
 
- Early Redemption Strike:  
[[In respect of each Early Redemption Valuation Date, ][ 
●]/As set forth in the Reference Item Table in the column 
entitled "Early Redemption Strike" corresponding to the 
relevant Reference Item/As set forth in the Early 
Redemption Table in the column entitled "Early 
Redemption Strike" corresponding to the relevant Early 
Redemption Valuation Date]  
 
 
- Initial Value:  
[Initial Reference Item Closing Value/Initial Reference 
Item Intra-Day Value]  
 
 
- Value(t):  
[Reference Item Closing Value/Reference Item Intra-Day 
Value]  
 
(v) 
Early Redemption Valuation Date:  
 
 
[Each Periodic Valuation Date/Each Periodic Pricing 
Date/[●] (specify date)/Each date set forth in the Early 
Redemption Table in the column entitled "Early 
Redemption Valuation Date(s)"]  
[The Periodic Valuation Date(s) scheduled to fall on [●] 
[and [●]]/The Periodic Pricing Date(s) scheduled to fall on 
[●] [and [●]]  
 
(vi) 
[Averaging Dates:  
 
 
 
 
In respect of [the Early Redemption Valuation Date 
scheduled to fall on [●]/[●] (insert relevant Early 
Redemption Valuation Date corresponding to the relevant 
set of Averaging Dates)]:  
[●]/Each date set forth in the Early Redemption Table in 
the column entitled "Averaging Date(s)"/Such dates 
specified as "Averaging Date(s)" in respect of an Early 
Redemption Valuation Date under paragraph[s] 38 below  
(repeat as necessary)]  
 
(vii) 
Early Redemption Date:  
 
[Each Coupon Payment Date other than the Maturity 
Date/ Each Coupon Payment Date other than the 
Redemption Date/ Each Interest Payment Date other than 
the Maturity Date/[and each of ][ ●] (specify date)]  
 
Daily Observation Early Redemption 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining relevant sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Daily 
Observation 
Early 
Redemption Reference Item(s): 
 
 
[[The/Each][Equity 
[and]/Index 
[and]/Commodity 
[and]/Commodity Index [and]/FX Rate [and]/Fund] as 
specified 
below 
in 
paragraph[s] 
[32/33/34/35/36/37]]/[Each Reference Item specified as 
such in the Reference Item Table below in the column 
entitled "Reference Item Category"]/[[●](Specify each 
relevant Reference Item)]

--- Page 368 ---
365 
 
 
(ii) 
Daily 
Observation 
Early 
Redemption Event:  
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-paragraph of 
this paragraph)  
 
 
-  Early Redemption Observation 
Period Closing:  
[Applicable: (a) [the/each/any] [Reference Item/Relevant 
Performance] and (b) [less than or equal to/greater than 
or equal to/less than/greater than] the Daily Observation 
Early Redemption Barrier Level]/[Not Applicable]  
 
 
-  Early Redemption Observation 
Period Intra-Day:  
 
[Applicable: (a) [the/each/any] [Reference Item/Relevant 
Performance] and (b) [less than or equal to/greater than 
or equal to/less than/greater than] the Daily Observation 
Early Redemption Barrier Level]/[Not Applicable]  
 
 
 
- [Relevant Performance:  
[Applicable: [Asset Performance]/[Relevant Performance 
(Basket)]/[Weighted 
Performance 
(Value/Initial)]/ 
[Weighted 
Performance 
(Asset 
Return)]]/[Relevant 
Performance (Worst)]]/[Not Applicable]]  
 
 
- [Value(t):  
[Applicable: [Reference Item Closing Value/Reference 
Item Intra-Day Value]]/[Not Applicable]]  
 
 
- [Initial Value:  
[Initial Reference Item Closing Value/Initial Reference 
Item Intra-Day Value]]  
 
(iii) 
Daily Observation Early 
Redemption Barrier Level:  
[[●]/As set forth in the Reference Item Table in the column 
entitled "Daily Observation Early Redemption Barrier 
Level" corresponding to the relevant Reference Item] [Not 
Applicable]  
 
(iv) 
Daily Observation Early 
Redemption Valuation Date:  
[Each Periodic Valuation Date/Each Periodic Pricing 
Date/[●] (specify date)]  
 
(v) 
Daily Observation Early 
Redemption Observation Period:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable, delete the 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph)  
 
 
-   Daily Observation Early 
Redemption Observation 
Period Start Date:  
[In respect of [each/the] Daily Observation Early 
Redemption Valuation Date, [●] – [Included / Excluded]]  
 
 
-  Daily Observation Early 
Redemption Observation 
Period End Date:  
[Each/The] 
Daily 
Observation 
Early 
Redemption 
Valuation Date  
- [Adjusted/Unadjusted]  
- [Included / Excluded]  
 
 
-  Observation Date (Closing 
Valuation):  
[Applicable, as specified in the [: [(i)]] Condition 8 [in 
respect of [each/the] Equity] [and]/[(ii)] Condition 7 [in 
respect of [each/the] Index] [and]/[(iii)] Condition 6 [in 
respect of [each/the] Commodity/Commodity Index] 
[and]/[(iv)] Condition 9 [in respect of [each/the] FX Rate] 
[and]/[(v)] Condition 10 [in respect of [each/the] Fund]] 
[Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph)

--- Page 369 ---
366 
 
 
 
- Specified Observation 
Date (Closing Valuation):  
[Applicable: [●]]/[Not Applicable]  
 
 
- Observation Date (Intra-Day 
Valuation):  
[Applicable, as specified in the [: [(i)]] Condition 8 [in 
respect of [each/the] Equity] [and]/[(ii)] Condition 7 [in 
respect of [each/the] Index] [and]/[(iii)] Condition 6 [in 
respect of [each/the] Commodity/Commodity Index] 
[and]/[(iv)] Condition 9 [in respect of [each/the] FX Rate]] 
[Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph)  
 
 
- Specified Observation 
Date Intra-Day 
Valuation):  
[Applicable: [●]]/[Not Applicable]  
 
(vi) 
Daily 
Observation 
Early 
Redemption Date:  
[●] (specify date)/[As specified in Condition 28(d) 
 
(vii) 
Daily Observation Number of 
Days:  
[●]/[As specified in Condition 28(d) 
 
(viii) 
Early Redemption Amount:  
[●] (specify amount)  
 
Fast Autocall Early Redemption  
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph)  
 
Daily Observation Early Redemption  
 
 
(i) 
Daily 
Observation 
Early 
Redemption Reference Item(s): 
 
 
[[The/Each][Equity 
[and]/Index 
[and]/Commodity 
[and]/Commodity Index [and]/FX Rate [and]/Fund] as 
specified below in paragraph[s] [32/33/34/35/36/37]/[Each 
Reference Item specified as such in the Reference Item 
Table below in the column entitled "Reference Item 
Category"]/[[●](Specify each relevant Reference Item)]  
 
(ii) 
Daily 
Observation 
Early 
Redemption Event:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-paragraph of 
this paragraph)  
 
 
- Early Redemption Observation 
Period Closing: 
[Applicable: (a) the Relevant Performance and (b) [less 
than or equal to/greater than or equal to/less than/greater 
than] the Daily Observation Early Redemption Barrier 
Level][Not Applicable]  
 
 
- Early Redemption Observation 
Period Intra-Day:  
[Applicable: (a) the Relevant Performance and (b) [less 
than or equal to/greater than or equal to/less than/greater 
than] the Daily Observation Early Redemption Barrier 
Level]/[Not Applicable]  
 
 
- Relevant Performance:  
Applicable: [Asset Performance]/[Relevant Performance 
(Basket)]/[Weighted 
Performance 
(Value/Initial)]/ 
[Weighted 
Performance 
(Asset 
Return)]]/[Relevant 
Performance (Worst)]  
 
 
- Value(t):  
Applicable: [Reference Item Closing Value/Reference 
Item Intra-Day Value]

--- Page 370 ---
367 
 
 
 
- Initial Value:  
[Initial Reference Item Closing Value/Initial Reference 
Item Intra-Day Value]  
 
(iii) 
Daily 
Observation 
Early 
Redemption Barrier Level:  
[[●]/As set forth in the Reference Item Table in the column 
entitled "Daily Observation Early Redemption Barrier 
Level" corresponding to the relevant Reference Item] [Not 
Applicable]  
 
(iv) 
Daily 
Observation 
Early 
Redemption Valuation Date:  
[Each Periodic Valuation Date/Each Periodic Pricing 
Date/[●] (specify date)] [The Periodic Valuation Date(s) 
scheduled to fall on [●] [and [●]]/The Periodic Pricing 
Date(s) scheduled to fall on [●] [and [●]]  
 
(v) 
Daily 
Observation 
Early 
Redemption Observation Period:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable, delete the 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph)  
 
 
- 
Daily 
Observation 
Early 
Redemption Observation Period 
Start Date:  
[In respect of [each/the] Daily Observation Early 
Redemption Valuation Date, [●] - [Included / Excluded]]  
 
 
- 
Daily 
Observation 
Early 
Redemption Observation Period 
End Date:  
[Each/The] 
Daily 
Observation 
Early 
Redemption 
Valuation Date  
- [Adjusted/Unadjusted]  
- [Included / Excluded]  
 
 
- 
Observation 
Date 
(Closing 
Valuation):  
[Applicable, as specified in Condition [6] [in respect of 
[each/the] Commodity/Commodity Index], [and]/  [7] [in 
respect of [each/the] Index], [and]/ [8] [in respect of 
[each/the] Equity [and]/ [9] [in respect of [each/the] FX 
Rate], [and]/ [10] [in respect of [each/the] Fund]] [Not 
Applicable] (If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)] 
 
 
-Specified 
Observation 
Date (Closing Valuation):  
[Applicable: [●]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
- Observation Date (Intra-Day 
Valuation):  
[Applicable, as specified in the [: [(i)] Condition 8 [in 
respect of [each/the] Equity] [and]/[(ii)] Condition 7 [in 
respect of [each/the] Index] [and]/[(iii)] Condition 6 [in 
respect of [each/the] Commodity/Commodity Index] 
[and]/[(iv)] Condition 9 [in respect of [each/the] FX Rate]] 
[Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph)  
 
 
- Specified Observation 
Date (Intra-Day 
Valuation):  
[Applicable: [●]]/[Not Applicable]  
 
 
(vi) 
Daily 
Observation 
Early 
Redemption Date:  
[●] (specify date)/[As specified in Condition 28(d)] 
 
(vii) 
Daily Observation Number of 
Days:  
[●] (specify date)/[As specified in Condition 28(d)] 
 
(viii) 
Early Redemption Amount:  
[●] (specify amount)

--- Page 371 ---
368 
 
30.  [Early Redemption Amount: 
Early Redemption Amount(s) of each 
Note for which the Belgian Securities 
Annex applies: payable on redemption 
for taxation reasons[, TLAC 
Disqualification Event Call Option] or 
illegality or other early redemption in 
accordance with the Conditions and/or 
the method of calculating the same 
Use where the Belgian Securities Annex 
applies 
[Market Value 1][,including accrued interest] 
[Market Value 2][,including accrued interest] 
[Highest Value (Structured)] 
[Highest Value (Vanilla)] 
[Protected Principal Amount][,including accrued interest] 
[an amount per Note of Calculation Amount] [,including 
accrued interest] 
 
(i)  Monetisation Option 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] [select only for structured 
Notes to which the Belgian Securities Annex applies, and 
“Market Value 2” applies as Early Redemption Amount.] 
31.  Early Redemption Amount(s) of each 
Note for which the Belgian Securities 
Annex applies: payable on event of 
default 
[[●] per Calculation Amount] 
(Consider including the wording below in the case of 
Index Linked Notes, Equity Linked Notes, Commodity 
Linked, Notes, FX Linked Notes, Fund Linked Notes and 
Inflation Linked:) 
[Market Value less Associated Costs] per Calculation 
Amount: With respect to each Calculation Amount, such 
amount(s) determined by the Calculation Agent which 
shall represent the fair market value of such Calculation 
Amount on the date of redemption, including accrued 
interest (if any), adjusted to account fully for any losses, 
expenses and costs to the Issuer (or any of its Affiliates) 
of unwinding any underlying or related hedging and 
funding arrangements, all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion.]]  
PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE TYPE OF NOTES 
 
REFERENCE ITEM LINKED NOTES 
REFERENCE ITEM TABLE18 
Referenc
e Item(s)  
[Referen
ce Item 
Categor
y]  
[Bloomberg 
/ ISIN]  
 
 
 
[Exchange(s)
/ Related 
Exchange(s)]  
 
 
[Type of FX 
Rate]  
[Reference 
Currency] 
[Base 
Currency]  
[Initial 
Value]  
 
 
[Coupon 
Barrier 
Level]  
 
 
[Barrier Event 
Strike/ Barrier 
Performance 
Strike] [High 
Barrier]  
 
 
[Knock-In 
Strike/ Knock-
In 
Performance 
Strike]  
 
 
[Early 
Redemption 
[Barrier]/ 
[Strike]]  
[Daily 
Observatio
n Early 
Redemptio
n Barrier 
Level]  
[Redemptio
n Barrier]  
[Number of 
Reference 
Items] [Fixing 
Price 
Sponsor]  
[Rounded 
Number of 
Reference Items] 
[FX Price 
Source]  
[FX Valuation 
Time]  
[Residual 
Amount] 
[FX 
Financial 
Centre]  
[W]  
[●] 
(Name of 
Issuer/ 
Share(s)/  
Fund(s) / 
Exchang
e Traded 
Fund(s) / 
Index(ice
s) / 
Commod
ity(ies) / 
Commod
ity 
Index(ice
s) / FX 
Rates/ 
Inflation 
Index)  
 
 
[Bloomberg 
Code: [●]; 
ISIN(s): [●]]  
 
[[Exchange(s
): [●] 
 
Related 
Exchange(s): 
[●]] 
[Base 
Currency/Ref
erence 
Currency 
Rate / Fixing 
Rate / Inverse 
Base 
Currency/Ref
erence 
Currency 
Rate] [For the 
purposes of 
the definition 
of FX Rate, 
the relevant 
exchange 
rate shall be 
the mid 
exchange 
rate]  
 
Reference 
Currency: [●]]  
[Base 
Currency: [●]] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
 
 
 
18 (*insert if required, in the case of Indices, additional columns "Type of Index" and "Index Sponsor(s)", in the case of Commodity 
Indices, additional columns "Commodity Index Sponsor(s)", and in any case, as required where there are two or more Reference 
Items

--- Page 372 ---
369 
 
32.  Commodity Linked Notes:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Commodity/Basket of 
Commodities/Commodity Index: 
[Basket of Commodities/Single Commodity]  
[[Insert 
type 
of 
Commodity]/The 
[Commodity 
is/Commodities are] as specified in the Reference Item 
Table above]  
[The Commodity is a [Bullion Commodity / Commodity 
Index]]/[[The/Each] Commodity is a Bullion Commodity 
[and/or a Commodity Index] if so specified in the 
Reference Item Table above]  
[if a Basket of Commodities, include relevant weighting of 
each Commodity in the Basket] 
[Wi, the weighting, for each Commodity is [as specified in 
the Reference Item Table above]] 
[The Sponsor(s) of the Commodity Index is/are [ ] ] 
[As set forth in the Reference Item Table above] 
 
(ii) 
Initial Price: 
[ ] [As set forth in the Reference Item Table above] 
 
(iii) 
Commodity Reference Price: 
[[ ]/Commodity Reference Dealers: specify Reference 
Dealers below]  
 
 
Alternative Commodity 
Reference Price: 
[specify/Not Applicable/As specified in the Reference 
Item Table above]  
 
(iv) 
Specified Price:  
 
[high 
price][low 
price][average 
of 
high 
and 
low 
prices][closing price][opening price][bid price][asked 
price][average of bid and asked prices][settlement 
price][official settlement price][official price][morning 
fixing][afternoon fixing][spot price][other] [insert time, if 
applicable] [As specified in the Reference Item Table 
above]  
 
(v) 
Delivery Date:  
 
[date] [month and year] [[First/Second/Third/other] 
Nearby Month] [specify method] [As specified in the 
Reference Item Table above] [Not Applicable]  
 
(vi) 
Unit:  
[[ ]/As specified in the Reference Item Table above] 
 
(vii) 
Price Source: 
[[ ]/As specified in the Reference Item Table above] 
 
(viii) 
Exchange: 
[[ ]/As specified in the Reference Item Table above] 
 
(ix) 
Commodity Business Day 
Convention in respect of each 
Valuation Date  
[Following / Modified Following / Modified / Nearest / 
Preceding] 
 
(x) 
Common Pricing: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 373 ---
370 
 
 
(xi) 
Option Pricing:  
[Applicable in respect of [[the/each] Valuation Date] / 
[[the/each] Initial Valuation Date] [and] [[the/each] Final 
Valuation Date] [and] [each Initial Averaging Date] [and] 
[each Final Averaging Date] [and] [each Periodic 
Valuation Date] [and] [each Autocall Valuation Date] [and] 
[each Valuation Period Date]] [Not Applicable]  
 
(xii) 
Market Disruption Event(s): 
[The following Market Disruption Events apply to the 
Notes: 
[Disappearance of Commodity Reference Price] 
[Material Change in Content] 
[Material Change in Formula] 
[Price Source Disruption: specify Price Materiality 
Percentage at item (xvi) below (if applicable)] 
[Tax Disruption] 
[Trading Disruption: specify any additional 
futures/options contract or commodity]]  
[Condition 6(b)(ii) (Deemed Market Disruption Events) 
applies]  
(NB: if Reference Item Condition 6(b)(ii) (Deemed 
Market Disruption Events) applies, the Market Disruption 
Events specified in that Reference Item Condition will 
apply – this does NOT include Tax Disruption) 
 
(xiii) 
Disruption Fallback(s):  
[The following Disruption Fallbacks apply to the Notes (in 
the following order): 
[Calculation Agent Determination] 
[Cancellation] 
[Delayed Publication or Announcement: specify 
Maximum Days of Disruption at item 31(xv) below] 
[Fallback Reference Dealers: specify Reference Dealers 
at item 32(xiv) below] 
[Fallback Reference Price: specify alternate Commodity 
Reference Price at item 32(iii)] 
[Postponement: specify Maximum Days of Disruption at 
item 32(xv) below]] 
(NB: Must be specified in the order in which they apply) 
[Condition 6(b)(v) (Deemed Disruption Fallbacks) 
applies] 
(NB: If Condition 6(b)(v) (Deemed Disruption Fallbacks) 
applies, the Disruption Fallbacks specified in that 
Reference Item Condition will apply)

--- Page 374 ---
371 
 
 
(xiv) 
Reference Dealers: 
[Specify four dealers/Not Applicable] 
(For Bullion Commodities specify the principal London 
office of dealers that are members of the London Bullion 
Market Association) 
(N.B. Only applicable where Commodity Reference 
Dealers is specified as the Commodity Reference Price 
or Fallback Reference Dealers is specified as a 
Disruption Fallback) 
 
(xv) 
Maximum Days of Disruption:  
 
[[ ]/ Condition 6(d) (Definitions) applies/Not Applicable]  
(N.B. Only applicable where Delayed Publication or 
Announcement or Postponement are specified as a 
Disruption Fallback)  
 
(xvi) 
Price Materiality Percentage:  
[[ ]/Not Applicable]  
(N.B. Only relevant for Price Source Disruption, if 
applicable)  
 
(xvii) 
Correction of Commodity 
Reference Prices:  
 
Correction of Commodity Reference Prices [applies/does 
not apply and any relevant amount shall be calculated 
without regard to any subsequently published correction]  
 
(xviii) 
Relevant provisions for 
determining Final Redemption 
Amount and/or assets 
deliverable: 
(If Correction of Commodity Reference Prices does not 
apply, delete the following sub paragraph)  
 
 
Calculation Agent responsible 
for making calculations: 
[●] 
 
 
[Correction Cut-Off Date:  
[In relation to a Relevant Determination Date, [●] 
Business Days after such Relevant Determination Date]]  
 
(viii) 
Additional Disruption Event: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]  
[The following Additional Disruption Events apply to the 
Notes: 
[Change in Law] 
[Hedging Disruption] [this should not be elected for Notes 
to which the Belgian Securities Annex applies] 
[Increased Cost of Hedging] [this should not be elected 
for Notes to which the Belgian Securities Annex applies]] 
33.  Index Linked Notes:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph)

--- Page 375 ---
372 
 
 
(i) 
Whether the Notes relate to a 
basket of indices or a single 
index, the identity of the 
relevant Index/Indices and 
details of Index Sponsor(s): 
[Basket of Indices/Single Index] 
The [Index][Indices] and [the Sponsor(s) of the Index] 
is/are [ ] [as set forth in the Reference Item Table above] 
[Give details of the/each index. If a Basket of Indices, 
include relevant weightings of each index in the Basket of 
Indices]  
[The Index is a Designated Multi-Exchange Index] 
 
(ii) 
Relevant provisions for 
determining the Final 
Redemption Amount: 
[●] 
 
(iii) 
Calculation Agent responsible 
for making calculations 
pursuant to Condition 7: 
[●] 
 
(iv) 
Exchange(s):   
[●] [As set forth in the Reference Item Table above] 
 
(v) 
Related Exchange(s): 
[[●] /All Exchanges] [As set forth in the Reference Item 
Table above] 
 
(vi) 
Redemption Amount: 
[[●] per Calculation Amount/ Not Applicable] 
[If not applicable: Call Index Linked Notes/Put Index 
Linked Notes] 
 
(vii) 
Valuation Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(viii) 
Valuation Time: 
[Condition 7(c) applies] [As set forth in the Reference Item 
Table above] 
 
(ix) 
Strike Price: 
[●] 
 
(x) 
Multiplier for each Index 
comprising the basket: 
[Insert details/Not Applicable] 
 
(xi) 
Correction of Index Levels: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [If Applicable: The Reference 
Price shall be calculated without regard to any 
subsequently published correction]. 
(If Correction of Index Levels does not apply, delete the 
following sub paragraph (xii)) 
 
(xii) 
Correction Cut-Off Date: 
[●] Business Days prior to the Maturity Date 
 
(xiii) 
Additional Disruption Events: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
[The following Additional Disruption Events apply to the 
Notes: 
[Change in Law] 
[Hedging Disruption] [this should not be elected for 
Notes to which the Belgian Securities Annex applies] 
[Increased Cost of Hedging] [this should not be elected 
for Notes to which the Belgian Securities Annex applies] 
[Increased Cost of Stock Borrow]  
[Loss of Stock Borrow]]

--- Page 376 ---
373 
 
34.  Equity Linked Notes:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Whether the Notes relate to a 
basket of equity securities or a 
single equity security, and the 
identity of the relevant issuer(s) 
of the Underlying 
Equity/Equities): 
[Basket of Underlying Equities/Single Underlying Equity] 
[The [Equit(y)(ies) [is/are] [(insert name of issuer and the 
equity/ies)][as set forth in the Reference Item Table 
above]  
[ISIN: [●] [as set forth in the Reference Item Table above]] 
[Bloomberg Code: [●] [as set forth in the Reference Item 
Table above]] 
[Give details, including name of the issuer and the equity 
and ISIN or other applicable identification code for each 
equity security. If a Basket of Equities, include relevant 
weightings of each equity in the basket of equities.  Note 
underlying equities are to be equities listed on a regulated 
market in the EEA or an equivalent market in a third 
country only.] 
 
(ii) 
Calculation Agent responsible 
for making calculations 
pursuant to Condition 8: 
[●] 
 
(iii) 
Exchange(s):   
[●] 
 
(iv) 
Related Exchange(s): 
[[●]/All Exchanges] 
 
(v) 
Potential Adjustment Events:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(vi) 
De-listing:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(vii) 
Merger Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(viii) 
Nationalization: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(ix) 
Insolvency: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(x) 
Tender Offer: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(xi) 
Redemption Amount: 
[[●] per Calculation Amount/ Not Applicable/Early 
Redemption Amount] 
[If not applicable: Call Equity Linked Notes/Put Equity 
Linked Notes] 
 
(xii) 
Valuation Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(xiii) 
Valuation Time: 
[Condition 8(e) applies] [As set forth in the Reference Item 
Table above]  
 
(xiv) 
Strike Price: 
[●] 
 
(xv) 
Exchange Rate: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[Insert details]

--- Page 377 ---
374 
 
 
(xvi) 
Multiplier for each Underlying 
Equity comprising the basket 
(which is subject to adjustment 
as set out in Condition 8(b)): 
[Insert details/Not Applicable] 
 
(xvii) 
Correction of Equity Prices: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [(If Applicable: The Reference 
Price shall be calculated without regard to any 
subsequently published correction] 
(If Correction of Equity Prices does not apply, delete the 
following sub paragraph) 
 
(xviii) 
Correction Cut-Off Date: 
[●] Business Days prior to the Maturity Date 
 
(xix) 
Additional Disruption Events: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
 
 
[The following Additional Disruption Events apply to the 
Notes: 
[Change in Law] 
[Hedging Disruption] [this should not be elected for 
Notes to which the Belgian Securities Annex applies] 
[Increased Cost of Hedging] [this should not be elected 
for Notes to which the Belgian Securities Annex applies] 
[Insolvency Filing] [this should not be elected for Notes to 
which the Belgian Securities Annex applies] 
[Increased Cost of Stock Borrow] [this should not be 
elected for Notes to which the Belgian Securities Annex 
applies] 
 
 
 
[Loss of Stock Borrow] [this should not be elected for 
Notes to which the Belgian Securities Annex applies]] 
[The Maximum Stock Loan Rate in respect of [specify in 
relation to each Underlying Equity] is [ ].] 
(NB: Only applicable if Loss of Stock Borrow is applicable) 
[The Initial Stock Loan rate in respect of [specify in 
relation to each Underlying Equity]] 
(NB: Only applicable if Increased Cost of Stock Borrow is 
applicable) 
35.  FX Linked Notes: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Base Currency: 
[●] [As set forth in the Reference Item Table above]  
 
(ii) 
Subject Currency: 
[●][As set forth in the Reference Item Table above] 
 
(iii) 
Currency Price: 
[●] [As specified in the FX Linked Conditions] [As set forth 
in the Reference Item Table above]

--- Page 378 ---
375 
 
 
(iv) 
FX Market Disruption Event(s): 
(N.B. Only complete if Inconvertibility Event/Price 
Materiality Event/Non-Transferability Event and/or other 
disruption events should be included as FX Market 
Disruption Events) 
 
 
(a) 
Inconvertibility Event: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
(b) 
Price Materiality Event: 
[Applicable.  Price Materiality Percentage: [●]] 
[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(c) 
Non-Transferability 
Event: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
(v) 
Disruption Fallbacks: 
(Specify the applicable Disruption Fallbacks in the order 
that they will apply) 
 
 
 
[Calculation Agent Determination] 
[Currency-Reference Dealers 
Reference Dealers: [four] [specify other]] 
[EM Fallback Valuation Postponement] 
[EM Valuation Postponement] 
[Fallback Reference Price Fallback Reference Price: [●]] 
[Other Published Sources] 
[Postponement Maximum Days of Postponement: [●]] 
 
(vi) 
FX Price Source(s): 
[●] [As set forth in the Reference Item Table above] 
 
(vii) 
Specified Financial Centre(s): 
[●][As set forth in the Reference Item Table above] 
 
(viii) 
Averaging: 
[Applicable.  The Averaging Dates are [●]] [Not 
Applicable] 
 
(ix) 
Valuation Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(x) 
Valuation Time: 
[●] [As set forth in the Reference Item Table above] 
 
(xi) 
Weighting: 
[Not Applicable] [The weighting to be applied to each item 
comprising the Basket to ascertain the Currency Price is 
[●]] [As set forth in the Reference Item Table above] (N.B. 
Only applicable in relation to FX Linked Notes relating to 
a Basket) 
 
(xii) 
EM Currency Provisions: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
(a) 
Unscheduled Holiday: 
[Applicable.  Maximum Days of Deferral: [●]] [Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
(b) 
EM Valuation 
Postponement 
[Applicable. 
 
Maximum 
Days 
of 
EM 
Valuation 
Postponement: [●]] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
(c) 
EM Fallback Valuation 
Postponement 
[Applicable.  Fallback Maximum Period of Postponement: 
[As specified in the FX Linked Conditions]] [Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
(d) 
Cumulative Events: 
[Applicable. Maximum Days of Cumulative 
Postponement: [As specified in the FX Linked 
Conditions]] [Not Applicable] 
 
(xiii) 
Successor Currency: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
[Issue Date/[●]]

--- Page 379 ---
376 
 
 
(xiv) 
Rebasing: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
(xv) 
Additional Disruption Events: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
[The following Additional Disruption Events apply to the 
Notes: 
[Change in Law] 
[Hedging Disruption] [this should not be elected for 
Notes to which the Belgian Securities Annex applies] 
[Increased Cost of Hedging] [this should not be elected 
for Notes to which the Belgian Securities Annex applies]]  
 
(xvi) 
Alternative Price Source(s): 
[●]  
(apply in the order specified) 
 
(xvii) 
Maximum Days of 
Postponement: 
[●] [As specified in the FX Linked Conditions] 
36.  Fund Linked Conditions: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Fund/Basket of Funds: 
[●] (insert name of Fund(s)) 
[The Fund(s) are as set forth in the Reference Item Table 
above] 
[ISIN: [●] [as set forth in the Reference Item Table above]] 
[Bloomberg Code(s): [●] [as set forth in the Reference 
Item Table above]]  
[Include ISIN or other applicable identification code for 
underlying Fund(s)] 
 
 
 
[The [●] Fund is an ETF] 
 
 
 
[Exchange for each Fund Share: [●]] 
 
 
 
[Related Exchange for each Fund Share: [●] [All 
Exchanges] [As set forth in the Reference Item Table 
above]] 
 
 
 
[Underlying Index: [●] [As set forth in the Reference Item 
Table above]] 
 
 
 
(N.B. Include for Exchange Traded Funds (ETFs)) 
 
(ii) 
Fund Interest(s): 
[●] [As specified in the Reference Item Table above] 
 
(iii) 
Fund Performance: 
[●] [As specified in the Fund Linked Conditions] 
 
(iv) 
Weighting: 
[Not Applicable] [The weighting to be applied to each 
Fund comprising the Basket of Funds is [set forth in the 
Reference Item Table above] [●]] (N.B. only applicable in 
relation to Fund Linked Notes relating to a Basket of 
Funds) 
 
(v) 
Barrier Event (intraday): 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
Barrier Event Determination 
Day: 
[As specified in the Fund Linked Conditions][other]

--- Page 380 ---
377 
 
 
(vi) 
Barrier Event (closing): 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
Barrier Event Determination 
Day: 
[Valuation Date] 
 
 
 
[In respect of [the] [each] Fund Share, each Scheduled 
Trading Day for such Fund Share during an Observation 
Period that is not a Disrupted Day for such Fund Share] 
 
 
 
[Each Common Scheduled Trading Day that is not a 
Disrupted Day for any Fund in the Basket of Funds during 
[the] [each] Observation Period] 
 
(vii) 
Barrier Level: 
[●][Not Applicable] 
 
(viii) 
Averaging: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
(a) 
Averaging Dates: 
[insert dates] 
 
 
(b) 
Omission: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] (N.B. May only be applicable 
in relation to Exchange Traded Funds (ETFs)) 
 
 
(c) 
Postponement 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] (N.B. May only be applicable 
in relation to Exchange Traded Funds (ETFs)) 
 
 
(d) 
Modified Postponement: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] (N.B. May only be applicable 
in relation to Exchange Traded Funds (ETFs)) 
 
(ix) 
Valuation Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(x) 
Valuation Time: 
[As specified in the Fund Linked Conditions] [As set forth 
in the Reference Item Table above] (N.B. May only be 
applicable in relation to Exchange Traded Funds (ETFs)) 
 
(xi) 
Observation Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(xii) 
Observation Period: 
[Applicable: [Extension] [No Extension]] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
(a) 
Observation Period Start 
Date 
[[●] ([Including] [Excluding])] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
(b) 
Observation Period End 
Date: 
[[●] ([Including] [Excluding])] [Not Applicable] 
 
(xii) 
Common Scheduled Trading 
Days: 
[Applicable.   
[Common Disrupted Days will apply] [Individual Disrupted 
Days will apply] (N.B. If Common Scheduled Trading 
Days are applicable, either Common or Individual 
Disrupted Days must be specified)] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
(N.B. May only be applicable in relation to Fund Linked 
Notes relating to a Basket) 
 
(xiv) 
Additional Disruption Events: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable]

--- Page 381 ---
378 
 
 
 
 
[The following Additional Disruption Events apply to the 
Notes: 
[Change in Law] 
[Fund Hedging Disruption] [this should not be elected for 
Notes to which the Belgian Securities Annex applies] 
[Increased Cost of Hedging] [this should not be elected 
for Notes to which the Belgian Securities Annex applies]] 
 
(xv) 
Initial Price: 
[insert if not the Fund Share Closing Price of such Fund 
Share on the Strike Date or Pricing Date (as applicable) 
per the Conditions] [Not Applicable] [As set forth in the 
Reference Item Table above] 
 
(xvi) 
Merger Event: 
[Merger Date on or before the Valuation Date] [other]] 
37.  Inflation Linked Notes: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Inflation Index/Basket of 
Inflation Indices/Inflation 
Index Sponsor(s): 
[●] (insert name of index) 
Inflation Index Sponsor : [●] [As set forth in the Reference 
Item Table above] 
 
(ii) 
Related Bond: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
The Related Bond is: [●] [Fallback Bond] 
[as set forth in the Reference Item Table above] 
 
[Fallback Bond: [Applicable] [Not Applicable]] 
 
The End Date is: [●] 
 
(iii) 
Determination Date(s): 
[●]  
 
(iv) 
Cut-Off Date: 
[●] [Condition 11 applies] 
38.  Physical Delivery Notes: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
[Note: Physical Delivery not applicable for 144A Notes 
held in DTC] 
[Cash Settlement] [Physical Delivery] [Cash Settlement 
and/or Physical Delivery] (If Cash Settlement and/or 
Physical Delivery specified, specify details for 
determining in what circumstances Cash Settlement or 
Physical Delivery will apply) 
[The provisions of Condition 14 shall apply.] 
 
(i) 
Relevant Asset(s): 
[●] 
[In case of physical delivery of listed underlying equities 
include the following: 
Share Rights: [●]] 
 
(ii) 
Asset Amount: 
[●]

--- Page 382 ---
379 
 
 
(iii) 
Cut-Off Date: 
[●] 
 
(iv) 
Failure to Deliver due to 
Illiquidity: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(v) 
Delivery provisions for Asset 
Amount (including place of 
delivery) if different from 
Condition 14: 
[●] 
 
(vi) 
Settlement Business Day: 
[●] 
 
(vii) 
Issuer’s option to vary 
Settlement: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
39.  Form of Notes: 
[Bearer 
Notes] 
[Exchangeable 
Bearer 
Notes] 
[Registered Notes] 
  
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a permanent 
Global Note which is exchangeable for definitive Notes on 
[15] [30] [45] days’ notice19/in the limited circumstances 
specified in the permanent Global Note] [and/or 
Registered Notes] 
 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for definitive 
Notes on [15] [30] [45] days’ notice19] [and/or Registered 
Notes] 
 
 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for definitive 
Notes on [15] [30] [45] days’ notice19/in the limited 
circumstances specified in the permanent Global Note] 
[and/or Registered Notes] 
[If paragraph 7(i) provides for a Specified Denomination 
and higher integral multiples, the option to exchange into 
definitive Notes on [15] [30] [45] days’ notice/at any time 
must be disapplied] 
 
 
[Restricted/Unrestricted] 
Global 
Registered 
Note 
registered in the name of a nominee for [a common 
depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg / 
a nominee of DTC] 
40.  New Global Note/New Safekeeping 
Structure: 
[Yes/No] 
41.  Financial Centre(s) or other special 
provisions relating to payment dates: 
 
[Not Applicable/give details.] 
(Note that this paragraph relates to the date and place of 
payment, and not interest period end dates) 
42.  Talons for future Coupons or Receipts to 
be attached to Definitive Notes (and 
dates on which such Talons mature): 
[Yes/No.] (If yes, give details) 
 
19 Consider FATCA implications and other tax implications before allowing conversion of global Notes to definitive 
Notes.

--- Page 383 ---
380 
 
43.  Governing Law and Jurisdiction: 
[Ontario Law/English law/German law] [Each Holder or 
beneficial owner of any Bail-inable Notes attorns to the 
jurisdiction of the courts in the Province of Ontario with 
respect to the operation of the CDIC Act] 
44.  Unavailability of Currency: 
Condition 15(e) is [Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
 
By: 
............................................ 
Duly authorized

--- Page 384 ---
381 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
(i) 
[Application is expected to be made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to 
the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted to trading on the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange’s regulated market with effect from [●].]  
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to the 
official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange’s regulated market with effect from [●].]   
[Tranche[s] [identify earlier tranche] of the Notes [is/are] already admitted to the official list of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s 
regulated market with effect from [insert date].] 
(ii) 
Estimate of total expenses related 
to admission to trading: 
[●] 
2. 
RATINGS 
 
 
Ratings: 
[The [short/long] term debt of the Issuer is rated:] 
The Notes [to be issued] have [been rated] [not been rated.]; 
[S&P USA: [●]] 
[Moody’s USA: [●]] 
[[Other]: [●]] 
(Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning of the 
ratings if this has previously been published by the rating 
provider) 
3. 
PERFORMANCE OF REFERENCE ITEM(S) AND OTHER INFORMATION CONCERNING THE 
REFERENCE ITEM(S)  
[Need to include details of where past and future performance and volatility of the Reference 
Item(s) can be obtained by electronic means and whether or not it can be obtained free of charge.]  
[Where the Reference Item is an index need to include the name of the index and details of where 
the information about the index can be obtained. Where the underlying is not an index need to 
include equivalent information.]  
4. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE/OFFER 
 
Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealer], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person 
involved in the issue of the Notes has an interest material to the offer. The [Managers/Dealers] and 
their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or 
commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer in the 
ordinary course. [insert any additional conflicts of interest not known at the date of the Prospectus] 
5. 
[Fixed Rate Notes only – ]YIELD 
 
Indication of yield: 
[●] [Not Applicable] 
6. 
USE OF PROCEEDS AND ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS 
 
Use of proceeds: 
[●] 
 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[●]

--- Page 385 ---
382 
 
7. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
(i) 
ISIN Code: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Common Code: 
[●] 
 
(iii) 
CFI 
[[ 
 
], as updated, as set out on the website of 
the Association of National Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or 
alternatively 
sourced 
from 
the 
responsible 
National 
Numbering Agency that assigned the ISIN] [Not Applicable] 
[Not Available] 
 
(iv) 
FISN 
[[ 
 
], as updated, as set out on the website of 
the Association of National Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or 
alternatively 
sourced 
from 
the 
responsible 
National 
Numbering Agency that assigned the ISIN] [Not Applicable] 
[Not Available] 
 
(iii) 
Any clearing system(s) 
other than Euroclear Bank 
SA/NV and Clearstream 
Banking S.A. and the 
relevant identification 
number(s): 
[The Depository Trust 
Company:] 
[Not Applicable] [Name and address of clearing system] 
 
 
 
[CUSIP Number] 
 
(iv) 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
 
(v) 
Calculation Agent: 
[●][Canadian 
Imperial 
Bank 
of 
Commerce, 
London 
Branch][CIBC World Markets Corp.] [CIBC Capital Markets 
(Europe) S.A.] [CIBC World Markets Inc.] 
 
(vi) 
[Paying][Transfer] Agent: 
[Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch] [Deutsche Bank 
Luxembourg S.A.][Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft] 
 
(vii) 
Names and addresses of 
additional Paying Agent(s) 
(if any): 
[●] [Not Applicable] 
 
(viii) 
Intended to be held in a 
manner which would allow 
Eurosystem eligibility: 
[Yes. Note that the designation “yes” simply means that the 
Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited with one of 
the ICSDs as common safekeeper and does not necessarily 
mean that the Notes will be recognized as eligible collateral 
for Eurosystem monetary policy and intraday credit 
operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or 
all times during their life.  Such recognition will depend upon 
the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria 
have been met.] [if “yes”, the Notes must be issued in NGN 
form] 
[No. While the designation is specified as “no” at the date of 
this Final Terms, should the Eurosystem eligibility criteria be 
amended in the future such that the Notes are capable of 
meeting them the Notes may then be deposited with one of 
the ICSDs as common safekeeper.  Note that this does not 
necessarily mean that the Notes will then be recognized as 
eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and 
intraday credit operations by the Eurosystem at any time 
during their life.  Such recognition will depend upon the ECB

--- Page 386 ---
383 
 
being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been 
met.] 
8. 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
(i) 
Method of Distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
 
(ii) 
If syndicated, names [and 
addresses] of Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
 
(iii) 
If non-syndicated, name of 
Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
 
(iv) 
Stabilizing Manager(s) (if 
any): 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
9. 
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
 
[(Relevant third party information) has been extracted from [specify source]. The Issuer confirms 
that such information has been accurately reproduced [and that, so far as it is aware, and is able 
to ascertain from information published by [●], no facts have been omitted which would render the 
reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.]][Not Applicable]  
[The information included herein with respect to indices and/or formulas comprising, based on or 
referring to variations in the prices of one or more [shares in companies, any other equity or non-
equity securities, currencies or currency exchange rates, interest rates, credit risks, fund units, 
shares in investment companies, term deposits, life insurance contracts, loans, commodities or 
futures contracts on the same or any other underlying instrument(s) or asset(s) or the occurrence 
or not of certain events not linked to the Issuer or any other factors to which the Notes are linked] 
(the “Underlyings”) consists only of extracts from, or summaries of publicly available information.  
The Issuer accepts responsibility that such extracts or summaries have been accurately 
reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information published by 
the issuer, owner or sponsor, as the case may be, of such Underlyings, no facts have been omitted 
that would render the reproduced extracts or summaries inaccurate or misleading.  No further or 
other responsibility in respect of such information is accepted by the Issuer.  In particular, neither 
the Issuer nor any Dealer accepts responsibility in respect of the accuracy or completeness of the 
information set forth herein concerning the Underlyings of the Notes or that there has not occurred 
any event which would affect the accuracy or completeness of such information.] 
10. 
BENCHMARKS 
Amounts payable under the Notes will be calculated by 
reference to [specify benchmark].  
[[specify benchmark] is provided by [administrator legal 
name]. As at the date hereof, [administrator legal name] 
[appears]/[does not appear] in the register of administrators 
and benchmarks established and maintained by ESMA 
[and/or the FCA] pursuant to Article 36 (Register of 
administrators and benchmarks) of the EU Benchmarks 
Regulation [and/or as Article 36 (Register of administrators 
and benchmarks) of the UK Benchmarks Regulation[, 
respectively]]]/ 
[As far as the Issuer is aware, as at the date hereof [specify 
benchmark] does not fall within the scope of the EU 
Benchmark Regulation [and/or the UK Benchmarks 
Regulation]]/ 
[As far as the Issuer is aware the transitional provisions of 
Article 51 of the EU Benchmark Regulation [and/or Article 51 
of the UK Benchmarks Regulation] apply, such that 
[administrator legal name] is] not currently required to obtain 
authorization or registration (or, if located outside of the EU

--- Page 387 ---
384 
 
[and/or the UK], recognition, endorsement or equivalence.]/ 
[Not Applicable] 
11. 
GENERAL 
 
(i) 
Additional Tax 
Considerations: 
[Section 871(m) Internal Revenue Code [Applicable/Not 
Applicable]] 
 
(ii) 
US Selling Restrictions: 
[Reg. S Compliance Category 2] [Rule 144A eligible] 
 
(iii) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA 
Retail Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” products, 
or the Notes may constitute “packaged” products and no key 
information document will be prepared, “Applicable” should 
be specified.) 
 
(iv) 
Prohibition of Sales to UK 
Retail Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” products, 
or the Notes may constitute “packaged” products and no key 
information document will be prepared, “Applicable” should 
be specified.) 
 
(v) 
Prohibition of Sales to 
Belgian Consumers: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(vi) 
Applicable TEFRA 
exemption: 
[C Rules/D Rules/Excluded Issue]

--- Page 388 ---
385 
 
FORM OF THE FINAL TERMS 
(DENOMINATIONS OF LESS THAN EUR100,000)  
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each Tranche of Notes issued 
under the Programme pursuant to this Prospectus with a denomination of less than EUR100,000 (or 
its equivalent in another currency). 
Notes in italics are intended for reference purposes only, will not appear in actual Final Terms and are 
not binding on the Issuer. 
[Include the following warning for all Notes where capital is at risk: 
INVESTING IN THE NOTES PUTS YOUR CAPITAL AT RISK. YOU MAY LOSE SOME [OR ALL] OF 
YOUR INVESTMENT.] 
[MIFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for 
the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible 
counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
“MiFID II”); and (ii) all channels for distribution to eligible counterparties and professional clients are 
appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s’] target 
market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own 
target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s’] 
target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels[, subject to the 
distributor’s suitability and appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable.] 
[UK MIFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely 
for the purposes of [each][the] manufacturer['s][s'] product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes 
is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook, and 
professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law 
by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (as amended, the "EUWA") ("UK MiFIR"); and 
(ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are 
appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "UK 
distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s][s'] target market assessment; 
however, a UK distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance 
Sourcebook is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes 
(by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s][s'] target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels.]  
[PRIIPs REGULATION - PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS 
The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area 
("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client 
as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II")][MiFID II]; (ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU as amended, where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified 
investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "Prospectus Regulation"). Consequently, no 
key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the "PRIIPs 
Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in 
the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.] 20 
 
20 Include if the Notes potentially constitute “packaged” products and no key information document will be prepared or the Issuer 
wishes to prohibit offers to EEA retail investors for any other reason.

--- Page 389 ---
386 
 
[UK PRIIPs REGULATION - PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS  
The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these 
purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point 
(8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the 
[European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (as amended, the "EUWA")] [EUWA]; (ii) a customer within 
the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act, 2000 (as amended, the 
"FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as 
amended), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of 
Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; 
or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of [Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended)][the 
Prospectus Regulation] as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK 
Prospectus Regulation"). Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) 
No 1286/2014 (as amended) as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK 
PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.]21 
[Singapore Securities and Futures Act Product Classification – Solely for the purposes of its 
obligations pursuant to Sections 309B(1)(a) and 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of 
Singapore)(as modified or amended from time to time, the "SFA"), the Issuer has determined, and 
hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A of the SFA) that the Notes are 
["prescribed capital markets products "]/["capital markets products other than prescribed capital 
markets products"] (as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 
2018).]22 23 
[Include the following if the Notes are Bail-inable Notes: 
The Notes are Bail-inable Notes and subject to conversion in whole or in part – by means of a 
transaction or series of transactions and in one or more steps – into common shares of the 
Issuer or any of its affiliates under subsection 39.2(2.3) of the Canada Deposit Insurance 
Corporation Act (the “CDIC Act”) and to variation or extinguishment in consequence, and 
subject to the application of the laws of the Province of Ontario and the federal laws of Canada 
applicable therein in respect of the operation of the CDIC Act with respect to the Notes.] 
 
Final Terms dated [●] 
Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce 
Branch of Account: [Main Branch, Toronto] [Hong Kong Branch] [London Branch] 
Legal Entity Identifier: 2IGI19DL77OX0HC3ZE78 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under a US$7,500,000,000 Note Issuance Programme 
 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the terms and conditions 
(the “Conditions”) set forth in the Prospectus dated 10 May 2022 [and the supplements to the 
Prospectus dated ●] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the “Prospectus”) for the 
purposes of [the Prospectus Regulation] [Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus Regulation”)]. 
 
21 Include if the Notes potentially constitute “packaged” products and no key information document will be prepared or the Issuer 
wishes to prohibit offers to UK retail investors for any other reason. 
22  Insert if the Notes are not prescribed capital market products and insert “Excluded Investment Products” or, if not, amend 
Singapore product classification. 
23  Relevant Dealer(s) to consider whether it/they have received the necessary product classification from the Issuer prior to the 
launch of the offer, pursuant to Section 309B of the SFA.

--- Page 390 ---
387 
 
This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of the 
Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with such Prospectus [as so supplemented]. 
Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination 
of this Final Terms and the Prospectus [as so supplemented]. The Prospectus [and the supplements 
to the Prospectus] [is] [are] available for viewing during normal business hours at and copies may be 
obtained from the registered office of the Issuer at 81 Bay Street, CIBC Square, Toronto, Ontario, 
Canada M5J 0E7, and at the office of Fiscal Agent, Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch at Winchester 
House, 1 Great Winchester Street, London EC2N 2DB and may also be viewed on the website of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange at www.bourse.lu under the name of the Issuer [and copies may be 
obtained from Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce's London Branch at 150 Cheapside, London, 
EC2V 6ET]. A summary of the Notes is annexed to these Final Terms. 
[The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was 
issued under an offering document with an earlier date.24 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the terms and conditions 
(the “Conditions”) set forth in the Prospectus dated 7 May 2021.  This document constitutes the final 
terms of the Notes described herein and must be read in conjunction with the Prospectus dated 10 
May 2022 [and the supplements to the Prospectus dated ●], save in respect of the Conditions which 
are extracted from the Prospectus dated 7 May 2021.  Full information on the Issuer and the offer of 
the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms, the Conditions and 
the Prospectus dated 10 May 2022 [as so supplemented].  The Prospectus [and the supplements to 
the Prospectus][is][are] available for viewing during normal business hours at and copies may be 
obtained from the registered office of the Issuer at 81 Bay Street, CIBC Square, Toronto, Ontario, 
Canada M5J 0E7, and at the specified office of the Paying Agents, for the time being in London and 
Luxembourg and copies may be obtained from 150 Cheapside, London, EC2V 6ET.] A summary of 
the Notes is annexed to these Final Terms. 
 
1.  
[(i)] 
Series Number: 
[●] 
 
[(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[●]] 
 
[(iii) 
Date on which the Notes will be 
consolidated and form a single 
Series: 
[The Notes will be consolidated and form a single Series 
with [identify earlier tranche] on [the Issue Date/exchange 
of the temporary Global Note for interests in the 
permanent Global Note, as referred to in paragraph 39 
below, which is expected to occur on or about [     ]]/Not 
Applicable]] 
2.  
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[●] 
3.  
Aggregate Nominal Amount of Notes: 
[●] 
 
[(i)] 
Series: 
[●] 
 
[(ii) 
Tranche: 
[●]] 
4.  
Issue Price: 
[●] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus 
accrued interest from [insert date] (in the case of fungible 
issues if applicable)] 
5.  
Belgian Securities Annex 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [If Not Applicable ensure 
Prohibition of Sales to Belgian Consumers in Part B is 
Applicable] 
 
24  Notes issued in previous years under a prospectus approved under the Prospectus Directive cannot be increased under 
this Prospectus.

--- Page 391 ---
388 
 
 Protected Principal Amount: 
[The Protected Principal Amount is [●]] [Not Applicable] 
(Applicable only for Notes to which the Belgian Securities 
Annex applies) 
6.  
(i) 
Specified Denominations: 
[●] [and integral multiples of [●] in excess thereof [up to 
and including [●]. No Notes in definitive form will be 
issued with a denomination above [●]] 25 26  
 
 
 
[If paragraph 39 indicates that the Global Note is 
exchangeable for definitive Notes at the option of the 
Noteholder, the Notes will be tradeable only in principal 
amounts of at least the Specified Denomination (or if 
more than one Specified Denomination, the lowest 
Specified Denomination) and may not include integral 
multiples.] 
 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
[●] 
7.  
Trade Date: 
[●] [Not Applicable] 
8.  
Strike Date/Pricing Date: 
[●] [Not Applicable] 
9.  
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[[●]/ Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
CNY Issue Trade Date: 
[●] [Not Applicable] 
10.  
Maturity Date: 
[●] [Specify date or (for Floating Rate Notes): The Interest 
Payment Date falling in or nearest to[●]] [For Index, 
Equity and Fund Linked Notes: subject to postponement 
if  [the Valuation Date is postponed by a Market Disruption 
Event] [there is a Settlement Disruption Event]]  
11.  
[(i)] Business Centre: 
[●] [Not Applicable] 
[specify any applicable Business Centre(s) for the 
definition of “Business Day”] 
 
[(ii) Business Day Convention 
[Floating Rate Business Day Convention/ Following 
Business Day Convention/ Modified Following Business 
Day 
Convention/ 
Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention][Not Applicable]] 
 
25 This number may need to be adjusted depending on the Specified Denomination and higher integral multiple of each Tranche. 
26 Where the Notes have a maturity of less than one year and the issue proceeds are to be accepted in the United Kingdom, or 
in the case of issues within Section 418 FSMA, will be subject to Section 19 FSMA unless their denomination is £100,000 or 
more (or its equivalent in other currencies) and they are only issued to “professionals” within Article 9(2)(a) of the Financial 
Services and Market Act (Regulated Activities) Order 2001.  Add the following language: 
“Notes (including Notes denominated in sterling) in respect of which the issue proceeds are to be accepted by the Issuer in the 
United Kingdom or whose issue otherwise constitutes a contravention of section 19 FSMA and which have a maturity of less 
than one year must have a minimum redemption value of £100,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies).”

--- Page 392 ---
389 
 
12.  
Interest Basis: 
[[●] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
[[SONIA] [Compounded SOFR] [Weighted Average 
SOFR] 
[€STR] 
[SARON] 
[[ 
] 
month 
[EURIBOR/EONIA/CDOR/CORRA/ 
TIBOR/BBR/CIBOR/STIBOR/NIBOR/SIBOR/ 
HIBOR/Federal Funds Rate] +/– [●] per cent. Floating 
Rate] 
[Range Accrual] 
[Zero Coupon] 
[Dual Currency Interest] 
[Commodity Linked Interest] 
[Index Linked Interest] 
[Equity Linked Interest]27 
[FX Linked Interest] 
[Fund Linked Interest] 
[Inflation Linked Interest] 
(include all that apply) 
(further 
particulars 
specified 
at 
paragraph(s) 
[18/19/20/21/23] below)] 
13.  
(i) 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the Maturity 
Date at 100 per cent. of their nominal amount [insert any 
premium, for Zero Coupon Notes]] 
[Commodity Linked Redemption] 
[Index Linked Redemption] 
[Equity Linked Redemption] 
[FX Linked Redemption] 
[Fund Linked Redemption] 
[Inflation Linked Redemption] 
 
(further particulars specified at paragraph(s) [26/27/40] 
and [32/33/34/35/36/37] below)] 
 
(ii) 
Principal Protected: 
[Applicable//Not Applicable]28 
 
(iii) 
Protection Amount: 
[Applicable//Not Applicable]29 
[[●] per Calculation Amount] 
14.  
Change of Interest or 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Applicable//Not Applicable]  
[For the period from (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date, up to (but excluding) [●] 
paragraph [18/19] applies and for the period from (and 
including) [●], [up to (but excluding)] the Maturity Date, 
paragraph [18/19] applies]] 
 
27 Specify if interest provisions are linked to one or more equities, ETF interests or indices. 
28 Only applicable to Reference Item Linked Notes. 
29 Only applicable to Reference Item Linked Notes.

--- Page 393 ---
390 
 
15.  
Put/Call Options: 
[Put Option] (Not Applicable to Bail-inable Notes) 
[Call Option] (If the Belgian Securities Annex applies, 
select only for Notes that are marketed as callable Notes) 
[Not Applicable] 
[(further particulars specified at paragraph [23/24] below)] 
16.  
[Date [Board] approval for issuance of 
Notes obtained: 
[    ] [and [    ], respectively]] 
(N.B. Only relevant where Board (or similar) authorization 
is required for the particular tranche of Notes) 
17.  
Bail-inable Notes: 
[Yes][No][Not Applicable] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
18.  
Fixed Rate Notes: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
 
[●] per cent. per annum [payable [annually/semi-
annually/quarterly/monthly/ other (specify)] in arrear] on 
each Interest Payment Date  
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●] in each year, commencing on [    ], to and including 
[the Maturity Date][adjusted for payment purposes only in 
accordance with the Business Day Convention][adjusted 
for calculation of interest and for payment day purposes 
in accordance with the Business Day Convention][not 
adjusted]] 
 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iv) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[●] per Calculation Amount, payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [●] [Not Applicable] 
 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
[Actual/360] 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
[30/360] 
[360/360] 
[Bond Basis] 
[30E/360] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)]  
 
(vi) 
Determination Dates: 
[[●] in each year] [Not Applicable]  
(Insert regular interest payment dates, ignoring issue date 
or maturity date in the case of a long or short first or last 
coupon. N.B. only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA)) 
19.  
Floating Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest is/are to be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination] 
 
(ii) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 394 ---
391 
 
 
 
- Reference Rate: 
[SONIA: Compounded Daily SONIA]  
[SOFR: 
[Compounded 
SOFR 
with 
Lookback] 
[Compounded SOFR with Observation Period Shift] 
[Compounded SOFR with Payment Delay] [Compounded 
SOFR Index with Observation Period Shift][Weighted 
Average SOFR]]   
[€STR]   
[SARON] 
[[          ] month [ ] [EURIBOR/EONIA/CAD-BA-
CDOR/CAD-CORRA /SONIA/ TIBOR/ BBR/ CIBOR/ 
STIBOR/NIBOR/SIBOR/HIBOR] 
 
 
- Relevant Screen Page: 
[●] [Not Applicable] Not applicable to SONIA, SOFR, 
€STR or SARON) 
 
 
- Interest Determination 
Date(s): 
[●] (Second TARGET Business Day prior to start of each 
Interest Period if EURIBOR/fifth (or other number 
specified under Observation Look-Back Period below) 
London Business Day prior to the end of each Interest 
Period if SONIA)/the number of U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days specified under Observation 
Look-Back Period below prior to the end of each Interest 
Period if SOFR and Look Back Period is applicable/ two 
U.S. Government Securities Business Days if SOFR 
with observation shift period/last day of the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period if SOFR with payment delay and 
with respect to the final Interest Accrual Period will be 
the Rate Cut-Off Date/fifth (or other number specified 
under Observation Look-Back Period below) TARGET 
Business Day prior to the end of each Interest Period if 
€STR/ fifth (or other number specified under 
Observation Look-Back Period below) Zurich Banking 
Day prior to the end of such Interest Period for SARON) 
 
 
-  Index Determination: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] [SONIA Reference Rate 
only] 
 
 
-  Observation Look-Back 
Period: 
[Not Applicable][[5]* London Business Days prior to the 
Interest Payment Date [include if the Reference Rate is 
SONIA and the Observation Method is Lag]] 
[[5] [2]** U.S. Government Securities Business Days 
prior to the Interest Payment Date [include where 
Reference Rate is SOFR and Look-Back Period is 
applicable]] 
[[5]* TARGET Business Days prior to the Interest 
Payment Date [include where Reference Rate is €STR]]

--- Page 395 ---
392 
 
 
 
 
[[5]* Zurich Banking Days prior to the Interest Payment 
Date [include where Reference Rate is SARON]]  
*(“p” shall not be less than 5 without the prior agreement 
of the Calculation Agent) 
**(if Look Back Period is applicable, “p” shall not be less 
than 5 without the prior agreement of the Calculation 
Agent; if SOFR with observation period shift, 2; if SOFR 
with payment delay, not applicable) 
 
 
- Observation Period: 
[[●]/Not Applicable] [As defined in Conditions]]  
[Applicable – “p” means [ ] London Business Days prior 
to the Interest Payment Date [include if the Reference 
Rate is SONIA and the Observation Method is Shift]] 
 
 
  
Observation Method: 
[Not Applicable] [Lag] [Shift] [Applicable to SONIA 
Reference Rate only] 
 
 
- Lookback Number of U.S. 
Government Securities 
Business Days: 
[[●]/Not Applicable] 
 
 
- Rate Cut Off Date: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
- Suspension Period: 
[Not Applicable] [The last [4] Business Days of each 
Interest Period] [Weighted Average SOFR only] 
 
 
- Interest Accrual Period: 
[[●][Define for Compounded SOFR only, otherwise 
delete] 
 
 
-  Rate Multiplier: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[The rate multiplier shall be [ ]] 
 
 
-  Relevant Financial Centre: 
[London/Euro-zone/ Toronto/Tokyo/Wellington/Sydney/ 
Copenhagen/Stockholm/Oslo/Singapore/Hong 
Kong/New York/Zurich] 
 
 
-  Relevant Time: 
[11:00 am (London/Brussels/Tokyo/Copenhagen/ 
Stockholm /Wellington/Singapore//New York time) 
/10:00 am (Toronto time)/9:00 am (Toronto 
time)/10:00/10:10 am (Sydney time)/12:00 noon (Oslo 
time)/5:00 pm (New York time)][[11:00/11:15] am (Hong 
Kong time)][11:00 am (Zurich time)][Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
ISDA Determination: 
- Floating Rate Option: 
- Designated Maturity: 
- Reset Date: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
 
(iv) 
Benchmark Discontinuation – 
Independent Adviser: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(v) 
Benchmark Discontinuation – 
Compounded SOFR: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 396 ---
393 
 
20.  
Range Accrual Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
Paragraph 21 applies 
 
(i) 
Applicable formula to be used 
for calculating the Rate(s) of 
Interest and Interest 
Amount(s): 
[RAN(1)][RAN(2)][RAN(3)][RAN(4)][RAN(5)] 
 
(ii) 
Range Accrual Condition1, 
Range Accrual Condition2 
and/or Range Accrual 
Condition3: 
 [●] [Specify applicable Range Accrual Condition] 
 
(iii) 
Applicable Rate(s): 
[(Specify absolute value (If applicable))] [The mathematical 
[difference 
between][sum 
of]] 
(specify 
applicable 
rate(s)/Floating Rate Option(s)) determined in accordance 
with [ISDA Determination][Screen Rate Determination] as 
set out below: 
 
(iv) 
[Screen Rate Determination]  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
- Reference Rate(s): 
[●] 
 
 
- Interest Determination Date: 
[●] 
 
 
- Relevant Screen Page 
[●] 
 
(v) 
ISDA Determination: 
- Floating Rate Option: 
- Designated Maturity: 
-  Reset Date: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
 
(vi) 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable – the Rate of Interest for the 
[long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be calculated 
using Linear Interpolation (specify for each short or long 
interest period)] 
 
(vii) 
Accrual Rate: 
[●] 
 
(viii) 
Applicable Rate: 
[●] 
 
(ix) 
Fixing Day: 
[As per Conditions]/[●] 
 
(x) 
Rate Cut-off Date: 
[As per Conditions]/[●] 
 
(xi) 
Gearing Factor: 
[●] 
 
(xi) 
Business Days: 
[As per Conditions]/[The Business Centre shall be [●]] 
 
(xiii) 
[[FX Rate(s): 
[●]] [Delete provisions (xiii) – (xix) if Accrual Rate is not an 
FX Rate] 
 
(xiv) 
Reference Currency: 
[●] 
 
(xv) 
Base Currency: 
[●] 
 
(xvi) 
FX Price Source: 
[●] 
 
(xvii) 
FX Rate Sponsor: 
[●]

--- Page 397 ---
394 
 
 
(xviii) 
Number of FX Settlement 
Days: 
[●] 
 
(xix) 
Valuation Time: 
[●]] 
21.  
Reference 
Item 
Linked 
Interest 
provisions: 30 
[Applicable/Not Applicable/Applicable in respect of the 
Interest Period[s] falling during the period from ([and 
including/but excluding]) [●] to ([and including/but 
excluding]) [●]].  
 
(i) 
Reference Item 
[[The/Each] 
[Commodity 
[and]/Commodity 
Index 
[and]/Index [and]/ Equity [and]/FX Rate [and]/Fund] as 
specified 
below 
in 
paragraph[s] 
[32/33/34/35/36/37]]/[Each Reference Item specified as 
such in the Reference Item Table below in the column 
entitled "Reference Item Category"]/[(Specify each 
relevant Reference Item)]  
 
(ii) 
Contingent Coupon (Condition 
28(a)(i)) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable, delete the 
remaining sub-paragraph of this paragraph)  
 
 
- Specified Interest Amount:  
[●]/[In respect of each Interest Payment Date, the amount 
set forth in the Interest Payment Table in the column 
entitled 
"Specified 
Interest 
Amount" 
in 
the 
row 
corresponding to such Interest Payment Date]  
 
 
- Coupon Averaging: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
 
(iii) 
Memory 
Coupon 
(Condition 
28(a)(ii)) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable, delete the 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph)  
 
 
- Calculation Amount (CA):  
[●] 
 
 
- Memory Coupon Value:  
[●] 
 
 
- t: 
[The amount set forth in the Interest Payment Table in the 
column entitled "t" in the row corresponding to the Interest 
Payment Date]/[In respect of an Interest Payment Date, 
the number of Interest Payment Dates falling in the period 
commencing on, but excluding, the Issue Date and 
ending on, and including, such Interest Payment Date]  
 
 
- Coupon Averaging: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Factor 
Coupon 
(Single 
Reference 
Item) 
(Condition 
28(a)(iii)) 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
Factor 
Coupon 
(Basket 
of 
Reference 
Items) 
(Condition 
28(a)(iv)) 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
(If both Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)  
 
30 Payments on Reference Item Linked Notes may give rise to Canadian withholding tax.  An opinion of tax counsel 
should be obtained and if no opinion is obtained or if any deduction or withholding may be required, consider 
providing in the Final Terms that Condition 5(c) does not apply to such Notes.   
**Consider whether any additional disclosure is required to comply with the disclosure requirements of the Interest 
Act (Canada)

--- Page 398 ---
395 
 
 
 
- Calculation Amount (CA):  
[●] 
 
 
- Coupon Factor: 
[●] 
 
 
- Coupon Factor Denominator 
Multiplier: 
[[●]/The amount set forth in the Coupon Payment Table 
in the column entitled "Coupon Factor Denominator 
Multiplier"]  
 
(v) 
Lock-in 
Coupon 
(Condition 
28(a)(v)) 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
 
- Coupon Lock-in Event:  
Applicable: for the purposes of the definition of "Coupon 
Lock-in Event" in Condition 28, [less than or equal to 
Coupon Lock-in Level] / [greater than or equal to Coupon 
Lock-in Level] / [less than Coupon Lock-in Level] / 
[greater than Coupon Lock-in Level] is applicable  
 
 
- Coupon Lock-in Level:  
[[●]/As set forth in the Reference Item Table in the column 
entitled "Coupon Lock-in Level" corresponding to the 
relevant Reference Item/ As set forth in the Interest 
Payment Table in the column entitled "Coupon Lock-in 
Level" corresponding to the relevant Coupon Valuation 
Date] [Not Applicable]  
 
 
- Lock-in Coupon Amount: 
[●] 
 
 
- Specified Interest Amount:  
[●]/[In respect of each Interest Payment Date, the amount 
set forth in the Interest Payment Table in the column 
entitled 
"Interest 
Coupon 
Amount" 
in 
the 
row 
corresponding to such Interest Payment Date]  
 
(vi) 
Performance 
Coupon 
1 
(Condition 28(a)(vi)) 
 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
 
- PCA: 
[●] 
 
 
- CF: 
[●] 
 
 
- Coupon Participation: 
[●] 
 
 
- t: 
[The amount set forth in the Interest Payment Table in the 
column entitled "t"]/[In respect of an Interest Payment 
Date, the number of Interest Payment Dates falling in the 
period commencing on, but excluding, the Issue Date and 
ending on, and including, such Interest Payment Date]  
 
 
Coupon Strike: 
Coupon Strike – High Watermark is [not] applicable[; [●] 
(specify amount if Coupon Strike – High Watermark is not 
applicable)]  
 
 
- Value (t): 
[Reference Item Closing Value/Reference Item Intra-Day 
Value]  
 
 
- Initial Value: 
[Initial Reference Item Closing Value/Initial Reference 
Item Intra-Day Value]

--- Page 399 ---
396 
 
 
 
[- Weighted Performance: 
(Insert paragraph if the Notes relate to a Basket of 
Reference Items, otherwise delete) 
[Weighted 
Performance 
(Value/Initial)]/[Weighted 
Performance (Asset Return)]]  
 
(vii) 
Performance 
Coupon 
2 
(Condition 28(a)(vii) 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
 
- PCA: 
[●] 
 
 
- CF: 
[●] 
 
 
- Coupon Participation: 
[●] 
 
 
- t: 
[The amount set forth in the Interest Payment Table in the 
column entitled "t"]/[In respect of an Interest Payment 
Date, the number of Interest Payment Dates falling in the 
period commencing on, but excluding, the Issue Date and 
ending on, and including, such Interest Payment Date]  
 
 
- Coupon Strike: 
Coupon Strike – High Watermark is [not] applicable[;[●] 
(specify amount if Coupon Strike – High Watermark is not 
applicable)]  
 
 
- Value (t): 
[Reference Item Closing Value/Reference Item Intra-Day 
Value]  
 
 
- Initial Value: 
[Initial Reference Item Closing Value/Initial Reference 
Item Intra-Day Value]  
 
 
[- Weighted Performance: 
(Insert paragraph if the Notes relate to a Basket of 
Reference Items, otherwise delete) 
[Weighted 
Performance 
(Value/Initial)]/[Weighted 
Performance (Asset Return)]]  
 
(viii) 
Range Accrual Coupon (Single 
Reference 
Item) 
(Condition 
28(a)(viii)) 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
Range Accrual Coupon (Worst 
of) (Condition 28(a)(ix)) 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
Range Accrual Coupon (Basket 
of Reference Items) (Condition 
28(a)(x)) 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
(If all Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
- Calculation Amount (CA): 
[●] 
 
 
- Range Accrual Coupon Factor: 
[●] 
 
 
- Low Barrier: 
[[●]/As set forth in the Reference Item Table in the column 
entitled "Low Barrier" corresponding to the relevant 
Reference Item]

--- Page 400 ---
397 
 
 
 
- High Barrier: 
[[●] As set forth in the Reference Item Table in the column 
entitled "High Barrier" corresponding to the relevant 
Reference Item] 
 
 
- [N]/[N(Worst of)]/[N (Basket)]:  
 
[[Greater than or equal to Low Barrier/Greater than Low 
Barrier] is applicable]  
[[Equal to or less than High Barrier/Less than High 
Barrier] is applicable]  
 
 
 
(Insert items below if Range Accrual Coupon (Worst of) 
or Range Accrual Coupon (Basket of Reference Items) is 
applicable, otherwise delete)  
 
 
[ - Value (t): 
Reference Item Closing Value (If Value(t)is defined 
elsewhere in these Final Terms, delete this paragraph)] 
 
 
[- Initial Value: 
[Initial Reference Item Closing Value/Initial Reference 
Item Intra-Day Value]]  
 
 
[ - Weighted Performance: 
(Insert this paragraph if Range Accrual Coupon (Basket 
of Reference Items) is applicable; otherwise delete)  
[Weighted 
Performance 
(Value/Initial)]/[Weighted 
Performance (Asset Return)]] 
 
(ix) 
Enhanced Coupon (Condition 
28(a)(xi)) 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
Memory 
Enhanced 
Coupon 
(Condition 28(a)(xii)) 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
(If both Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
- Calculation Amount (CA): 
[●] 
 
 
- Enhanced Coupon Rate: 
[●] 
 
 
- Coupon Leverage: 
[●] 
 
 
- t: 
[The amount set forth in the Interest Payment Table in the 
column entitled "t"]/[In respect of an Interest Payment 
Date, the number of Interest Payment Dates falling in the 
period commencing on, but excluding, the Issue Date and 
ending on, and including, such Interest Payment Date] 
[Not Applicable] 
 
 
- Enhanced Coupon Event 1: 
Applicable: 
(a) 
[the/each/any] 
Enhanced 
Coupon 
Reference Item 1 and (b) [less than or equal to/less 
than/greater than or equal to/greater than] Enhanced 
Coupon Level 1  
 
 
-  Enhanced Coupon 
Reference Item 1 
[[The/Each] 
[Commodity 
[and]/Commodity 
Index 
[and]/Index [and]/ Equity [and]/FX Rate [and]/Fund] as 
specified 
below 
in 
paragraph[s] 
[32/33/34/35/36/37]]/[[The/Each] 
Reference 
Item 
specified as such in the Reference Item Table below in 
the column entitled "Enhanced Coupon Reference 
Item(s)"]/[[ ●](Specify each relevant Reference Item)]

--- Page 401 ---
398 
 
 
 
- Enhanced Coupon Level 1 
[●]/[As set forth in the Reference Item Table in the column 
entitled "Enhanced Coupon Level" corresponding to the 
relevant Reference Item]/ [As set forth in the Coupon 
Payment Table in the column entitled "Enhanced Coupon 
Level 1" corresponding to the relevant Coupon Valuation 
Date]  
 
 
- Enhanced Coupon Event 2: 
Applicable: 
(a) 
[the/each/any] 
Enhanced 
Coupon 
Reference Item 2 and (b) [less than or equal to/less 
than/greater than or equal to/greater than] Enhanced 
Coupon Level 2  
 
 
-  Enhanced Coupon 
Reference Item 2 
[[The/Each] 
[Commodity 
[and]/Commodity 
Index 
[and]/Index [and]/ Equity [and]/FX Rate [and]/Fund] as 
specified 
below 
in 
paragraph[s] 
[32/33/34/35/36/37]]/[[The/Each] 
Reference 
Item 
specified as such in the Reference Item Table below in 
the column entitled "Enhanced Coupon Reference 
Item(s)"]/[[ ●](Specify each relevant Reference Item)]  
 
 
- Enhanced Coupon Level 
2 
[●]/[As set forth in the Reference Item Table in the column 
entitled "Enhanced Coupon Level" corresponding to the 
relevant Reference Item]/ [As set forth in the Coupon 
Payment Table in the column entitled "Enhanced Coupon 
Level 1" corresponding to the relevant Coupon Valuation 
Date]  
 
 
- Coupon Observation Period 
Closing: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
- Coupon Observation Period 
Intra-Day 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
- 
Coupon 
Valuation 
Date 
Closing: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
(x) 
Contingent 
Floating 
Rate 
Coupon (Condition 28(a)(xiii)) 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
Memory 
Contingent 
Floating 
Rate 
Coupon 
(Condition 
28(a)(xiv)) 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
(If both Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
- CA 
[●] 
 
 
- ISDA Rate: 
 
 
 
 
- Floating Rate Option: 
[●] 
 
 
 
- Designated Maturity: 
[●] 
 
 
 
- Reset Date: 
[●]/[As specified in the definition of ISDA Rate in 
Condition 4] 
 
 
- Spread: 
[[+/-][●] per cent. per annum]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
- ISDA Rate Interest Period(s): 
[●]

--- Page 402 ---
399 
 
 
 
- ISDA Rate Interest Period End 
Date(s) 
[Each] [Interest Payment Date(s)/[●]] [in each [year] 
[month] from, and including, [●], to, and including, [●]] / 
[Each date set forth in the table above] [Adjusted / 
Unadjusted] (repeat as necessary)  
 
 
- Coupon Averaging: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
(xi) 
[Coupon Valuation Date(s): 
[●]/Each date set forth in the Coupon Payment Table in 
the column entitled "Coupon Valuation Date(s)"] 
 
(xii) 
[Averaging Dates: 
[In respect of [the Coupon Valuation Date scheduled to 
fall on [●]/[●] (insert relevant Coupon Valuation Date 
corresponding to the relevant set of Averaging Dates)]:  
[[●]/Each date set forth in the Interest Payment Table in 
the column entitled "Averaging Date(s)"/Such dates 
specified as "Averaging Date(s)" in respect of a Coupon 
Valuation Date under paragraph 36 below] 
(repeat as necessary)]  
 
(xiii) 
[Coupon Observation Date(s): 
[●]/Each date set forth in the Interest Payment Table in 
the column entitled "Coupon Observation Date(s)" (If 
other than Range Accrual Coupon, delete the paragraph)]  
 
(xiv) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[[●] [in each [year] [month] from, and including, [●] to, and 
including, [●]] [subject to adjustment in accordance with 
[specify Business Day Convention]] / [Each date set forth 
in the Interest Payment Table in the column entitled 
"Interest Payment Date(s)"]  
 
(xv) 
Coupon Barrier Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable delete sub-
paragraphs)  
 
 
- Coupon Observation Period 
Closing:  
 
[Applicable: (a) [the/each/any] [Reference Item/Relevant 
Performance] and (b) [less than or equal to/greater than 
or equal to/less than/greater than] the Coupon Barrier 
Level]/[Not Applicable]  
 
 
- Coupon Observation Period 
Intra-Day:  
 
[Applicable: (a) [the/each/any] [Reference Item/Relevant 
Performance] and (b) [less than or equal to/greater than 
or equal to/less than/greater than] the Coupon Barrier 
Level]/[Not Applicable]  
 
 
Coupon Valuation Date Closing:  
 
[Applicable: (a) [the/each/any] [Reference Item/the 
Relevant Performance] and (b) [less than or equal 
to/greater than or equal to/less than/greater than] the 
Coupon Barrier Level]/[Not Applicable]  
 
 
[- Relevant Performance:  
 
[Applicable: [Asset Performance]/[Relevant Performance 
(Basket)]/[Weighted 
Performance 
(Value/Initial)] 
/[Weighted Performance (Asset Return)] /[Relevant 
Performance 
(Worst)]/[Coupon 
Average 
Relevant 
Performance]]/[Not Applicable]  
 
 
[ - Value(t):  
[Applicable: [Reference Item Closing Value/Reference 
Item Intra-Day Value]]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 403 ---
400 
 
 
(xvi) 
Coupon Barrier Level: 
[[●]/As set forth in the Reference Item Table in the column 
entitled "Coupon Barrier Level" corresponding to the 
relevant Reference Item/ As set forth in the Coupon 
Payment Table in the column entitled "Coupon Barrier 
Level" corresponding to the relevant Coupon Valuation 
Date] [Not Applicable]  
 
(xvii) 
Coupon Observation Period: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable, delete the 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph)  
 
 
- Coupon Observation Period 
Start Date:  
 
[In respect of [each/the] Coupon [Valuation/Observation] 
Date, [●]] [[Each date set forth in the Coupon Payment 
Table in the column entitled "Coupon Observation Period 
Start Date(s)"] - [Included / Excluded]]  
 
 
- Coupon Observation Period 
End Date:  
 
[Each/The] Coupon [Valuation/Observation] Date  
- [Adjusted/Unadjusted]  
- [Included / Excluded]  
 
 
- Observation Date (Closing 
Valuation):  
 
[Applicable, as specified in the [: [(i)]] Equity Linked 
Provisions [in respect of [each/the] Equity] [and]/[(ii)] 
Index Linked Provisions [in respect of [each/the] Index] 
[and]/[(iii)] Commodity Linked Provisions [in respect of 
[each/the] Commodity/Commodity Index] [and]/[(iv)] FX 
Linked Provisions [in respect of [each/the] FX Rate] 
[and]/[(v)] Fund Linked Provisions [in respect of [each/the] 
Fund]] [Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable, delete the 
remaining sub paragraphs of this paragraph)  
 
 
- Specified Observation Date 
(Closing Valuation):  
[Applicable: [●]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
- Observation Date (Intra-Day 
Valuation):  
 
[Applicable, as specified in the [: [(i)]] Condition 6 [in 
respect of [each/the] Commodity/Commodity Index] 
[and]/[(ii)] Condition [7][11] [in respect of [each/the] 
[Inflation] Index] [and]/[(iii)] Condition 8 [in respect of 
[each/the] Equity]  [and]/[(iv)] Condition 9 [in respect of 
[each/the] FX Rate]] [Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph)  
 
 
Specified 
Observation 
Date 
(Intra-Day Valuation): 
[Applicable: [●]]/[Not Applicable]  
 (xviii) 
Provisions 
for 
determining 
Interest 
Amount 
where 
calculation 
by 
reference 
to 
Equity 
and/or 
Index 
and/or 
Commodity and/or Commodity 
Index and/or FX Rate and/or 
Fund 
is 
impossible 
or 
impracticable 
or 
otherwise 
disrupted:  
 
[Condition [6], [7], [8], [9], [10], [11] is applicable.  See 
paragraphs [32/33/34/35/36/37] below]

--- Page 404 ---
401 
 
 
 
 
 
(*insert, if required, additional columns "Coupon Barrier Level" (if Coupon Barrier Level is different for each Coupon Valuation 
Date), "Coupon Observation Period Start Date(s)", "Coupon Valuation Date(s)" and "Averaging Dates") 
 
[If Memory Coupon is applicable, insert: Interest Payment 
Table*] 
t 
[Coupon Barrier 
Level]31 
Coupon 
Valuation 
Date(s) 
Interest Payment 
Date(s) 
1 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[2] 
[●] 
[●] 
(Insert date, 
repeat as 
appropriate) 
[●] 
(Insert date, repeat 
as appropriate) 
(*insert, if required, additional columns "Coupon Observation Period Start Date(s)" and "Averaging Dates") 
[If Factor Coupon (Single Reference Item) or Factor Coupon (Basket of Reference Items) is 
applicable, insert if appropriate: Interest Payment Table*] 
[Coupon Barrier 
Level]32 
[Coupon Factor 
Denominator 
Multiplier] 
Coupon 
Valuation 
Interest Payment 
Date(s) 
 
 
Date(s) 
 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
 
(Insert date, 
repeat as 
appropriate 
[●] 
 
(Insert date, 
repeat as 
appropriate) 
(*insert, if required, additional columns "Coupon Observation Period Start Date(s)") 
 
[If Lock-in Coupon is applicable, insert if appropriate: Interest Payment Table*] 
[Coupon 
Barrier 
Level]33 
[Coupon Lock-
in Level]34 
Coupon 
Valuation 
Date(s) 
Specified Interest 
Amount 
[●] 
 
(Insert Coupon 
Barrier Level, 
repeat as 
appropriate) 
[●] 
 
(Insert 
Coupon 
Lock-in 
Level, repeat 
[●] 
 
(Insert date, repeat 
as appropriate) 
[●] 
 
(Insert amount, 
repeat as 
appropriate) 
 
31 Insert if Coupon Barrier Level is different for each Coupon Valuation Date. 
32 Insert if Coupon Barrier Level is different for each Coupon Valuation Date. 
33 Insert if Coupon Barrier Level is different for each Coupon Valuation Date. 
34 Insert if Coupon Lock-in Level is different for each Coupon Valuation Date. 
[If Contingent Coupon is applicable, insert if appropriate: Interest Payment Table*] 
Interest Payment Date(s) 
Specified Interest Amount 
[●] 
(Insert date, repeat as 
appropriate) 
[●] 
(Insert date, repeat as 
appropriate)

--- Page 405 ---
402 
 
as 
appropriate) 
(*insert, if required, additional columns "Coupon Observation Period Start Date(s)" and "Coupon Payment Date(s)") 
 
[If Performance Coupon 1 is applicable, insert if appropriate: Interest Payment 
Table*] 
[t] 
Coupon Valuation Date(s) 
Interest Payment Date(s) 
[1] 
[●] 
 
(Insert date, repeat as 
appropriate) 
[●] 
 
(Insert date, repeat 
as appropriate) 
(*insert, if required, additional columns "Coupon Observation Period Start Date(s)") 
 
[If Performance Coupon 2 is applicable, insert if appropriate: Interest Payment 
Table*] 
[t] 
Coupon Valuation Date(s) 
Interest Payment Date(s) 
[1] 
[●] 
 
(Insert date, repeat as 
appropriate) 
[●] 
 
(Insert date, repeat 
as appropriate) 
(*insert, if required, additional columns "Coupon Observation Period Start Date(s)") 
[If Range Accrual Coupon (Single Reference Item), Range Accrual Coupon 
(Worst of) or Range Accrual Coupon (Basket of Reference Items) is applicable, 
insert if appropriate: Interest Payment Table*] 
Coupon 
Observation 
Period Start Date 
Coupon Observation Date(s) 
Interest Payment 
Date(s) 
[●] 
 
(Insert date, repeat 
as appropriate) 
[●] 
 
(Insert date, repeat as 
appropriate) 
[●] 
 
(Insert date, repeat 
as appropriate) 
(*insert, if required, additional columns "Coupon Observation Period Start Date(s)") 
 
[If Enhanced Coupon or Memory Enhanced Coupon is applicable, insert if 
appropriate: 
Interest Payment Table*] 
[t] 
Coupon Valuation Date(s) 
Interest Payment Date(s) 
[1] 
[●] 
 
(Insert date, repeat as 
appropriate) 
[●] 
 
(Insert date, repeat 
as appropriate) 
(*insert, if required, additional columns "Enhanced Coupon Level 1" (if Enhanced Coupon Level 1 is different for each 
Coupon Valuation Date), "Enhanced Coupon Level 2" (if Enhanced Coupon Level 2 is different for each Coupon Valuation 
Date) and "Coupon Observation Period Start Date(s)")

--- Page 406 ---
403 
 
[If ISDA Rate Coupon or Memory ISDA Rate Coupon is applicable, insert if 
appropriate: Interest Payment Table*] 
[Coupon 
Barrier 
Level]35 
Coupon Valuation Date(s) 
Interest Payment 
Date(s) 
[●] 
 
(Insert date, repeat 
as appropriate) 
[●] 
 
(Insert date, repeat as 
appropriate) 
[●] 
 
(Insert date, repeat 
as appropriate) 
(*insert, if required, additional columns "Coupon Observation Period Start Date(s)" and "Averaging Dates") 
22.  
Additional Interest Provisions 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Interest Period(s)/ Interest 
Payment Dates: 
[●] [each consisting of [●] Interest Accrual Periods each 
of [●]] [in each year commencing [●]] 
The Interest [Period[s]/Payment Dates] will [not] be 
adjusted [in accordance with the Business Day 
Convention set out at paragraph 22(iv) below]. 
 
(ii) 
Interest Period Date(s): 
[[●]/Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Interest Accrual Period End 
Date(s): 
[[●]/Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Business Day Convention/ Following 
Business Day Convention/ Modified Following Business 
Day Convention/ Preceding Business Day Convention] 
 
(v) 
Business Centre(s): 
[●] 
 
(vi) 
Party responsible for calculating 
the Rate(s) of Interest and/or 
Interest Amount(s) (if not the 
Fiscal Agent): 
[●] 
 
(vii) 
Linear Interpolation 
[Not Applicable/Applicable – the Rate of Interest for the 
[long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be calculated 
using Linear Interpolation (specify for each short or long 
interest period)] 
 
(viii) 
Margin(s): 
 
[+/-] [●] per cent. per annum/Not Applicable 
 
(ix) 
Interest Amount(s): 
[[●] per Calculation Amount/ Calculated in accordance 
with Condition [4(j)] [other] 
 
(x) 
Minimum [Rate of Interest] 
[Interest Amount]: 
[[●] per cent. per annum] [[●] per Calculation Amount] 
[Zero per cent. per annum] [Not Applicable] 
 
(xi) 
Maximum [Rate of Interest] 
[Interest Amount]: 
[[●] per cent. per annum] [[●] per Calculation Amount] [Not 
Applicable] 
 
35 Insert if Coupon Barrier Level is different for each Coupon Valuation Date.

--- Page 407 ---
404 
 
 
(xii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual 
Actual/Actual (ISDA) 
Actual/365 (Fixed) 
Actual/Actual (ICMA) 
Actual/360 
Actual/365 (Sterling) 
30/360, 360/360, Bond Basis 
30E/360 
30E/360 (ISDA)] 
23.  Zero Coupon Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Amortization Yield: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
(ii) 
Day Count Fraction in relation 
to Early Redemption Amounts 
and late payments: 
[30/360 
Actual/360 
Actual/365 
other] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
24.  Call Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(If the Belgian Securities Annex applies, select only for 
Notes that are marketed as callable Notes) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption 
Amount(s) of each Note and 
method, if any, of calculation of 
such amount(s): 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iii) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
 
 
(a) Minimum Redemption 
Amount: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
 
(b) Maximum Redemption 
Amount: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iv) 
Notice period:6  
[●] 
25.  Put Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption 
Amount(s) of each Note and 
method, if any, of calculation of 
such amount(s): 
[●] per Calculation Amount

--- Page 408 ---
405 
 
 
(iii) 
Notice period:36 
[●] 
26.  Automatic Redemption (Autocall) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(If the Belgian Securities Annex applies, select only for 
Notes that are marketed as autocallable Notes) 
 
(i) Underlying Performance Type: 
[Single Asset] [Basket] [Worst-of/Best-of]  
 
(ii) Autocall Observation Type: 
[Discrete][Continuous] 
 
(a) [Continuous Autocall Start Date: 
[●]] 
 
(b) [Continuous Autocall End Date: 
[●]] 
 
(iii) Autocall Barrier Percentage[s]: 
[●] [Each of the percentages set out in Table [●] below 
in the column entitled ‘Autocall Barrier Percentage’.] 
 
(iv) Autocall Redemption Percentage[s]: 
[●] [Each of the percentages set out in Table [●] below 
in the column entitled ‘Autocall Redemption 
Percentage’.] 
 
(v) Autocall Valuation Date[s]: 
[●] [Each date set out in Table [●] below in the column 
entitled ‘Autocall Valuation Date’.] 
 
(vi) Autocall Redemption Date[s]: 
[●] [Each date set out in Table [●] below in the column 
entitled ‘Autocall Redemption Date’.] [The [●] Business 
Day following each Autocall Valuation Date] 
 
(vii) Autocall Valuation Price: 
[●] 
 
(viii) Averaging-out: 
[Applicable/ Not Applicable] 
[Averaging-out Dates: [●]] 
[Each of the dates set out in Table [●] below in the 
column entitled ‘Averaging-out Dates’.] 
 
(ix) Min Lookback-out: 
[Applicable/ Not Applicable] 
[Lookback-out Dates: [●]] 
[Each of the dates set out in Table [●] below in the 
column entitled ‘Lookback-out Dates’.] 
 
(x) Max Lookback-out: 
[Applicable/ Not Applicable] 
[Lookback-out Dates: [●]] 
[Each of the dates set out in Table [●] below in the 
column entitled ‘Lookback-out Dates’.] 
 
Table [●] 
 
Autocall 
Valuation Date: 
Autocall 
Barrier 
Percentage: 
Autocall 
Redemption 
Percentage: 
Autocall 
Redemption 
Date: 
[Averaging-out 
Dates:] 
[Lookback-out 
Dates:] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
 
36 If setting notice periods which are different to those provided in the terms and conditions, the Issuer is advised 
to consider the practicalities of distribution of information through intermediaries, for example, clearing systems 
and custodians, as well as any other notice requirements which may apply, for example, as between the Issuer 
and its fiscal agents.

--- Page 409 ---
406 
 
27.  
[Final Redemption Amount of each 
Note:] 
 
[[●] per Calculation Amount]  
(if the Notes are not Reference Item Linked Notes delete 
the following paragraphs) 
 
[Final Redemption Amount 
(Reference Item Linked Notes – 
Condition 28(c)] 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Reference Item(s): 
[[The/Each Commodity [and]/Commodity Index] [and]/ 
Index [and]/ Equity [and]/FX Rate [and]/Fund] as specified 
below 
in 
paragraph[s] 
[32/33/34/35/36/37]/[Each 
Reference Item specified as such in the Reference Item 
Table below in the column entitled "Reference Item 
Category"]/[●] (Specify each relevant Reference Item)]  
 
(ii) 
Provisions 
for 
determining 
Redemption 
Amount 
where 
calculation 
by 
reference 
to 
Share 
and/or 
Index 
and/or 
Commodity/Commodity 
Index 
and/or Fund is impossible or 
impracticable 
or 
otherwise 
disrupted:  
Condition [6], [7], [8], [9], [10], 11] are applicable.  See 
paragraphs [32/33/34/35/36/37] 
 
(iii) 
Settlement Method 
[Cash Settlement] [Physical Delivery] [Cash Settlement 
and/or Physical Delivery]  
[Note: Physical Delivery not applicable for 144A Notes 
held in DTC]

--- Page 410 ---
407 
 
 
(iv) 
Redemption Condition  
 
 
[Redemption Amount 1 (Single Reference Item) 
(Condition 28(c)[(i)] [(ii)])] 
[Redemption Amount 2 (Condition 28(c)[(iii)] [(iv)])] 
[Redemption Amount 3 (Condition 28(c)[(v)] [(vi)])] 
[Redemption Amount 4 (Condition 28 (c)[(vii)] [(viii)])] 
[Redemption Amount 5 (Condition 29(c)(ix))] 
[Twin Win with Cap (Single Reference Item) (Condition 
29(c)(x))] 
[Twin Win with no Cap (Single Reference Item) 
(Condition 29(c)(xi))] 
[Barrier Event (Single Reference Item) (Condition 
29(c)(xii))]  
[Redemption Amount 6 (Condition 29(c)(xiii))] 
[Redemption Amount 7 (Single Reference Item) 
(Condition 29(c)(xiv))]  
[Redemption Amount 7 (Basket of Reference Items) 
(Condition 29(c)(xv))]  
[Redemption Amount 8 (Condition 29(c)(xvi)] 
[Barrier Reverse Convertible Notes (Condition 
29(c)[(xvii)] [(xviii)])] 
[Reverse Convertible Notes (Condition 29(c)[(xix)] [(xx)])] 
[Redemption Amount 1 (Basket of Reference Items) 
(Condition 28(c)(xxi)] 
[Twin Win with Cap (Basket of Reference Items) 
(Condition 29(c)(xxii))] 
[Twin Win with no Cap (Basket of Reference Items) 
(Condition 29(c)(xxiii))] 
[Barrier Event (Basket of Reference Items) (Condition 
29(c)(xxiv))]  
(Delete Conditions that do not apply) 
 
(v) 
Calculation Amount (CA):  
[●] 
 
(vi) 
Averaging: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
 
(vii) 
Initial Value: 
[Initial Reference Item Closing Value/Initial Reference 
Item Intra-Day Value]

--- Page 411 ---
408 
 
 
(viii) 
[Redemption Barrier: 
[[●]/As set forth in the Reference Item Table in the column 
entitled "Redemption Barrier"]  
(applicable to Redemption Amount 1, Redemption 
Amount 2, Redemption Amount 3 and Redemption 
Amount 7 (Single Reference Item) and Redemption 
Amount 7 (Basket of Reference Items); delete for all 
others]] 
 
(ix) 
[Cap: 
[●] [Not Applicable] 
(applicable to Redemption Amount 1, Redemption 
Amount 2, Twin Win with Cap (Single Reference Item), 
Twin Win with Cap (Basket of Reference Items), Barrier 
Event (Single Reference Item) and Redemption Amount 
7(Single Reference Item) and Redemption Amount 7 
(Basket of Reference Items); delete for all others]] 
 
(x) 
[Floor: 
[●] [Not Applicable] 
(applicable to Redemption Amount 1, Redemption 
Amount 2, Redemption Amount 5, Twin Win with Cap 
(Single Reference Item), Twin Win with Cap (Basket of 
Reference Items), Barrier Event (Single Reference Item), 
Redemption Amount 6 and Redemption Amount 7 
(Single Reference Item) and Redemption Amount 7 
(Basket of Reference Items); delete for all others)] 
 
(xi) 
Barrier Event: 
[Applicable, for the purposes of the definition of "Barrier 
Event" in Condition 29(c), [less than or equal to/less than] 
Barrier Event Strike is applicable] [Not Applicable] (If Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph)  
(delete for Redemption Amount 6, Barrier Reverse 
Convertible Notes, Reverse Convertible Notes and 
Redemption Amount 7 (Basket of Reference Items)) 
 
 
- Barrier Observation Period 
Closing: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
 
 
- Barrier Observation Period 
Intra-Day: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
 
 
- Barrier Reference Date 
Closing: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
 
 
- Barrier Reference Date: 
[In respect of:] [(i)] [the/each] [Commodity Index,] [Index,] 
[Equity,] 
[Fund,] 
[Valuation 
Date] 
[(ii)] 
[the/each] 
[Commodity,] [Final Pricing Date] [(iii)] [the/each] [FX 
Rate,] [FX Valuation Date] [Final Averaging Date] [●] 
(specify date)  
 
 
- Barrier Event Strike: 
[[●]/As set forth in the Reference Item Table in the column 
entitled "Barrier Event Strike"]

--- Page 412 ---
409 
 
 
(xii) 
Barrier Observation Period: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable, delete the 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph)  
(delete for Redemption Amount 6, Barrier Reverse 
Convertible Notes, Reverse Convertible Notes and 
(Single Reference Item) and Redemption Amount 7 
(Basket of Reference Items)) 
 
 
- Barrier Observation Period 
Start Date: 
[●], [Included/Excluded]  
 
 
- Barrier Observation Period 
End Date: 
[●], [Included/Excluded] 
 
(xiii) 
Observation Date (Closing 
Valuation): 
[Applicable, as specified in the [: [(i)]] Condition 6 [in 
respect of [each/the] Commodity/Commodity Index] 
[and]/ [(ii)] Condition 7 [in respect of [each/the] Index] 
[and]/[(iii)] Condition 8 [in respect of [each/the] Equity] 
[and]/ [(iv)] Condition 9 [in respect of [each/the] FX Rate] 
[and]/[(v)] Condition 10 [in respect of [each/the] Fund]] 
[Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph)  
(delete for Redemption Amount 6 and (Single Reference 
Item) and Redemption Amount 7 (Basket of Reference 
Items)) 
 
 
- Specified Observation Date 
(Closing Valuation): 
[Applicable: [●]]/[Not Applicable]  
 
(xiv) 
Observation Date (Intra-Day 
Valuation): 
[Applicable, as specified in the [: [(i)]] Condition 6 [in 
respect of [each/the] Commodity/Commodity Index] 
[and]/ [(ii)] Condition 7 [in respect of [each/the] Index] 
[and]/[(iii)] Condition 8 [in respect of [each/the] Equity] 
[and]/ [(iv)] Condition 9 [in respect of [each/the] FX Rate] 
[and]/[(v)] Condition 10 [in respect of [each/the] Fund]] 
[Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph)  
(delete for Redemption Amount 6 and (Single Reference 
Item) and Redemption Amount 7 (Basket of Reference 
Items)) 
 
 
- Specified Observation Date 
(Intra-Day Valuation): 
[Applicable: [●]]/[Not Applicable]  
 
(xv) 
Linear Feature 
[●] (applicable to Twin Win with Cap (Single Reference 
Item), Twin Win with Cap (Basket of Reference Items)) 
 
(xvi) 
PF1: 
[●] (applicable to Twin Win with Cap (Single Reference 
Item), Twin Win with Cap (Basket of Reference Items)) 
 
(xvii) 
Strike: 
[●]  
(applicable to Twin Win with Cap (Single Reference 
Item), Twin Win with Cap (Basket of Reference Items)) 
 
 
(the following items (xviii) to (xx) are applicable to Redemption Amount 6, delete for all 
others) 
 
[(xviii) 
VCA: 
[●]]

--- Page 413 ---
410 
 
 
(xix) 
Participation: 
[●] 
 
(xx) 
FXR: 
[Applicable; For the purposes of the definition of "FXR", 
"Inverse FXR" is [not] applicable/Not Applicable]  
 
(xxi) 
Final Relevant Performance 
(FRP): 
Final Asset Performance/Final Relevant Performance 
(Basket)/Final Relevant Performance (Worst) 
 
 
- Final Asset Performance 
(Final/Initial):  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (Insert this paragraph if FRP 
is 
Final 
Asset 
Performance 
or 
Final 
Relevant 
Performance (Worst))  
 
 
- Final Asset Performance 
(Asset Return):  
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (Insert this paragraph if FRP 
is 
Final 
Asset 
Performance 
or 
Final 
Relevant 
Performance (Worst))  
 
 
- W: 
[[●]/As set forth in the Reference Item Table in the column 
entitled "W"] (Insert this paragraph if FRP is Final 
Relevant Performance (Basket))  
 
 
- Weighted Performance 
(Final/Initial):  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (Insert this paragraph if FRP 
is Final Relevant Performance (Basket))  
 
 
- Weighted Performance (Asset 
Return):  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (Insert this paragraph if FRP 
is Final Relevant Performance (Basket))  
 
 
(the following items (xxii) and (xxiii) are applicable to Redemption Amount 7 (Single 
Reference Item), delete for all others) 
 
[(xxii) 
Knock-In Event:  
 
[Applicable, for the purposes of the definition of "Knock-
In Event" in Condition 28(d), [greater than or equal 
to/greater than] Knock-In Strike is applicable]] 
 
 
- Knock-In Observation Period 
Closing:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
- Knock-In Observation Period 
Intra-Day:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
- Knock-In Reference Date 
Closing:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
- Knock-In Reference Date:  
 
[In respect of:] [(i)] [the/each] [Commodity Index,] [Index,] 
[Equity,] [Fund,] [Valuation Date] [(ii)] [the/each] 
[Commodity,] [Final Pricing Date] [(iii)] [the/each] [FX 
Rate,] [FX Valuation Date] [Final Averaging Date] [●] 
(specify date) 
 
 
- Knock-In Strike:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(xxiii) 
Knock-In Observation Period:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable, delete the 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
- Knock-In Observation Period 
Start Date:  
[●], [Included/Excluded] 
 
 
- Knock-In Observation Period 
End Date:  
[●], [Included/Excluded] 
 
 
(the following items (xxiv) and (xxv) are applicable to Redemption Amount 7 (Basket of 
Reference Items), delete for all others)

--- Page 414 ---
411 
 
 
[(xxiv
) 
Knock-In Performance Event:  
Applicable, for the purposes of the definition of "Knock-In 
Performance Event" in Condition 28(d), [greater than or 
equal to/greater than] Knock-In Performance Strike is 
applicable] 
 
 
- Knock-In Performance 
Observation Period Closing:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
- Knock-In Observation 
Performance Period Intra-Day:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
- Knock-In Observation 
Performance Closing:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
- Knock-In Reference Date:  
[In respect of:] [(i)] [the/each] [Commodity Index,] [Index,] 
[Equity,] [Fund,] [Valuation Date] [(ii)] [the/each] 
[Commodity,] [Final Pricing Date] [(iii)] [the/each] [FX 
Rate,] [FX Valuation Date] [Final Averaging Date] [●] 
(specify date) 
 
 
- Knock-In Performance Strike:  
[[●]/As set forth in the Reference Item Table in the 
column entitled "Knock-In Performance Strike"] 
 
(xxv) 
Knock-In Performance 
Observation Period:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable, delete the 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
- Knock-In Performance 
Observation Period Start Date:  
[●], [Included/Excluded] 
 
 
- Knock-In Performance 
Observation Period End Date:  
[●], [Included/Excluded] 
 
(xxvi) 
Barrier Performance Event: 
[Applicable, for the purposes of the definition of "Barrier 
Performance Event" in Condition 28(d), [less than or 
equal to/less than] Barrier Performance Strike is 
applicable] 
 
 
- Barrier Performance 
Observation Period Closing: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
- Barrier Performance 
Observation Period Intra-Day: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
- Barrier Performance Closing: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
- Barrier Reference Date: 
[In respect of:] [(i)] [the/each] [Commodity Index,] [Index,] 
[Equity,] [Fund,] [Valuation Date] [(ii)] [the/each] 
[Commodity,] [Final Pricing Date] [(iii)] [the/each] [FX 
Rate,] [FX Valuation Date] [Final Averaging Date] [●] 
(specify date) 
 
 
- Barrier Performance Strike: 
[[●]/As set forth in the Reference Item Table in the 
column entitled "Barrier Event Strike"] 
 
 
- Relevant Performance:  
[Asset Performance]/[Relevant Performance 
(Basket)]/[Weighted Performance 
(Value/Initial)]/[Weighted Performance (Asset 
Return)]/[Relevant Performance (Worst)] 
 
 
- Value (t): 
Reference Item Closing Value/Reference Item Intra-Day 
Value

--- Page 415 ---
412 
 
 
(xxvi) 
Barrier Performance 
Observation Period: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable, delete the 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
- Barrier Performance 
Observation Period Start Date: 
[●], [Included/Excluded] 
 
 
- Barrier Performance 
Observation Period End Date: 
[●], [Included/Excluded] 
 
(xxvii
) 
Observation Date (Closing 
Valuation): 
[Applicable, as specified in the [: [(i)]] Condition 6 [in 
respect of [each/the] Commodity/Commodity Index] 
[and]/ [(ii)] Condition 7 [in respect of [each/the] Index] 
[and]/[(iii)] Condition 8 [in respect of [each/the] Equity] 
[and]/ [(iv)] Condition 9 [in respect of [each/the] FX Rate] 
[and]/[(v)] Condition 10 [in respect of [each/the] Fund]] 
[Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph)  
 
 
- Specified Observation Date 
(Closing Valuation): 
[Applicable: [●]]/[Not Applicable]  
 
 
Observation Date (Intra-Day 
Valuation): 
[Applicable, as specified in the [: [(i)]] Condition 6 [in 
respect of [each/the] Commodity/Commodity Index] 
[and]/ [(ii)] Condition 7 [in respect of [each/the] Index] 
[and]/[(iii)] Condition 8 [in respect of [each/the] Equity] 
[and]/ [(iv)] Condition 9 [in respect of [each/the] FX Rate] 
[and]/[(v)] Condition 10 [in respect of [each/the] Fund]] 
[Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph)  
 
 
- Specified Observation Date 
(Intra-Day Valuation): 
[Applicable: [●]]/[Not Applicable]  
 
(xxx) 
Put Strike 
[●] 
28.  Bail-inable Notes – TLAC 
Disqualification Event Call Option: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
29.  
[Early Redemption Amount: 
Early Redemption Amount(s) of each 
Note: payable on redemption for 
taxation reasons[, TLAC Disqualification 
Event Call Option] or on event of default 
or illegality or other early redemption in 
accordance with the Conditions  
Delete where the Belgian Securities 
Annex applies 
[[●] per Calculation Amount] 
[Market Value less Associated Costs] per Calculation 
Amount: With respect to each Calculation Amount, such 
amount(s) determined by the Calculation Agent which 
shall represent the fair market value of such Calculation 
Amount on the date of redemption, including accrued 
interest (if any), adjusted to account fully for any losses, 
expenses and costs to the Issuer (or any of its Affiliates) 
of unwinding any underlying or related hedging and 
funding arrangements, all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion. For 
the purposes hereof:   
 
 
(i) the references to “, together with interest accrued, if 
any, to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption” shall 
be deemed to be deleted from each of Condition 5(c), 
Condition 5(d) and Condition 5(e); and 
(ii) the references to “together with accrued interest to the 
date of payment” shall be deemed to be deleted from 
Condition 18]]

--- Page 416 ---
413 
 
 
[Early Redemption Amount 
(Reference Item Linked Notes – 
Condition 28(b) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining relevant sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)] 
 
(i) 
Early 
Redemption 
Reference 
Item(s):  
[[The/Each][Equity 
[and]/Index 
[and]/Commodity 
[and]/Commodity Index [and]/FX Rate [and]/Fund] as 
specified 
below 
in 
paragraph[s] 
[32/33/34/35/36/37]]/[Each Reference Item specified as 
such in the Reference Item Table below in the column 
entitled "Reference Item Category"]/[[●](Specify each 
relevant Reference Item)]  
 
(ii) 
Early Redemption Event 1:  
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-paragraph of 
this paragraph)  
 
 
- Early Redemption Barrier:  
 
[[In respect of each Early Redemption Valuation Date, ][ 
●]/As set forth in the Reference Item Table in the column 
entitled "Early Redemption Barrier" corresponding to the 
relevant Reference Item/As set forth in the Early 
Redemption Table in the column entitled "Early 
Redemption Barrier" corresponding to the relevant Early 
Redemption Valuation Date]  
 
 
- ER Averaging:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
 
(ii) 
Early Redemption Event 2:  
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-paragraph of 
this paragraph)  
 
 
- Early Redemption Barrier:  
 
[[In respect of each Early Redemption Valuation Date, ][ 
●]/As set forth in the Reference Item Table in the column 
entitled "Early Redemption Barrier" corresponding to the 
relevant Reference Item/As set forth in the Early 
Redemption Table in the column entitled "Early 
Redemption Barrier" corresponding to the relevant Early 
Redemption Valuation Date]  
 
 
- ER Averaging:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
 
(iv) 
Early Redemption Event 3:  
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph)  
 
 
- Relevant Performance:  
 
[Asset Performance]/[Relevant Performance (Basket)]/ 
[Weighted 
Performance 
(Value/Initial)]/[Weighted 
Performance (Asset Return)]/[Relevant Performance 
(Worst)]  
 
 
[- Value(t):  
[Applicable: [Reference Item Closing Value/Reference 
Item Intra-Day Value]]/[Not Applicable]]

--- Page 417 ---
414 
 
 
 
[- Weighted Performance:  
[Weighted 
Performance 
(Value/Initial)/Weighted 
Performance (Asset Return)]  
(Insert if Relevant Performance (Basket) is applicable, 
otherwise delete)  
 
 
- Early Redemption Strike:  
[[In respect of each Early Redemption Valuation Date, ][ 
●]/As set forth in the Reference Item Table in the column 
entitled "Early Redemption Strike" corresponding to the 
relevant Reference Item/As set forth in the Early 
Redemption Table in the column entitled "Early 
Redemption Strike" corresponding to the relevant Early 
Redemption Valuation Date]  
 
 
- Initial Value:  
[Initial Reference Item Closing Value/Initial Reference 
Item Intra-Day Value]  
 
 
- Value(t):  
[Reference Item Closing Value/Reference Item Intra-Day 
Value]  
 
(v) 
Early Redemption Valuation Date:  
 
 
[Each Periodic Valuation Date/Each Periodic Pricing 
Date/[●] (specify date)/Each date set forth in the Early 
Redemption Table in the column entitled "Early 
Redemption Valuation Date(s)"]  
[The Periodic Valuation Date(s) scheduled to fall on [●] 
[and [●]]/The Periodic Pricing Date(s) scheduled to fall on 
[●] [and [●]]  
 
(vi) 
[Averaging Dates:  
 
 
 
 
In respect of [the Early Redemption Valuation Date 
scheduled to fall on [●]/[●] (insert relevant Early 
Redemption Valuation Date corresponding to the relevant 
set of Averaging Dates)]:  
[●]/Each date set forth in the Early Redemption Table in 
the column entitled "Averaging Date(s)"/Such dates 
specified as "Averaging Date(s)" in respect of an Early 
Redemption Valuation Date under paragraph 36 below  
(repeat as necessary)]  
 
(vii) 
Early Redemption Date:  
 
[Each Coupon Payment Date other than the Maturity 
Date/ Each Coupon Payment Date other than the 
Redemption Date/ Each Interest Payment Date other than 
the Maturity Date/[and each of ][ ●] (specify date)]  
 
Daily Observation Early Redemption 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining relevant sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Daily 
Observation 
Early 
Redemption Reference Item(s): 
 
 
[[The/Each][ 
Commodity 
[and]/Commodity 
Index 
[and]/Index [and]/ Equity [and]/FX Rate [and]/Fund] as 
specified 
below 
in 
paragraph[s] 
[32/33/34/35/36/37]]/[Each Reference Item specified as 
such in the Reference Item Table below in the column 
entitled "Reference Item Category"]/[[●](Specify each 
relevant Reference Item)]

--- Page 418 ---
415 
 
 
(ii) 
Daily 
Observation 
Early 
Redemption Event:  
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-paragraph of 
this paragraph)  
 
 
- Early Redemption Observation 
Period Closing:  
[Applicable: (a) [the/each/any] [Reference Item/Relevant 
Performance] and (b) [less than or equal to/greater than 
or equal to/less than/greater than] the Daily Observation 
Early Redemption Barrier Level]/[Not Applicable]  
 
 
- Early Redemption Observation 
Period Intra-Day:  
 
[Applicable: (a) [the/each/any] [Reference Item/Relevant 
Performance] and (b) [less than or equal to/greater than 
or equal to/less than/greater than] the Daily Observation 
Early Redemption Barrier Level]/[Not Applicable]  
 
 
 
- [Relevant Performance:  
[Applicable: [Asset Performance]/[Relevant Performance 
(Basket) - [Weighted Performance 
(Value/Initial)]/[Weighted Performance (Asset 
Return)]]/[Relevant Performance (Worst)]]/[Not 
Applicable]]  
 
 
- [Value(t):  
[Applicable: [Reference Item Closing Value/Reference 
Item Intra-Day Value]]/[Not Applicable]]  
 
 
- [Initial Value:  
[Initial Reference Item Closing Value/Initial Reference 
Item Intra-Day Value]]  
 
(iii) 
Daily 
Observation 
Early 
Redemption Barrier Level:  
[[●]/As set forth in the Reference Item Table in the column 
entitled "Daily Observation Early Redemption Barrier 
Level" corresponding to the relevant Reference Item] [Not 
Applicable]  
 
(iv) 
Daily 
Observation 
Early 
Redemption Valuation Date:  
[Each Periodic Valuation Date/Each Periodic Pricing 
Date/[●] (specify date)]  
 
(v) 
Daily 
Observation 
Early 
Redemption Observation Period:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable, delete the 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph)  
 
 
- 
Daily 
Observation 
Early 
Redemption Observation Period 
Start Date:  
[In respect of [each/the] Daily Observation Early 
Redemption Valuation Date, [●] - [Included / Excluded]]  
 
 
- 
Daily 
Observation 
Early 
Redemption Observation Period 
End Date:  
[Each/The] 
Daily 
Observation 
Early 
Redemption 
Valuation Date  
- [Adjusted/Unadjusted]  
- [Included / Excluded]  
 
 
- 
Observation 
Date 
(Closing 
Valuation):  
[Applicable, as specified in the [: [(i)]] Condition 8 [in 
respect of [each/the] Equity] [and]/[(ii)] Condition 7 [in 
respect of [each/the] Index] [and]/[(iii)] Condition 6 [in 
respect of [each/the] Commodity/Commodity Index] 
[and]/[(iv)] Condition 9 [in respect of [each/the] FX Rate] 
[and]/[(v)] Condition 10 [in respect of [each/the] Fund]] 
[Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph)

--- Page 419 ---
416 
 
 
 
- Specified Observation 
Date (Closing Valuation):  
[Applicable: [●]]/[Not Applicable]  
 
 
- Observation Date (Intra-Day 
Valuation):  
[Applicable, as specified in the [: [(i)]] Condition 8 [in 
respect of [each/the] Equity] [and]/[(ii)] Condition 7 [in 
respect of [each/the] Index] [and]/[(iii)] Condition 6 [in 
respect of [each/the] Commodity/Commodity Index] 
[and]/[(iv)] Condition 9 [in respect of [each/the] FX Rate]] 
[Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph)  
 
 
- Specified Observation 
Date Intra-Day 
Valuation):  
[Applicable: [●]]/[Not Applicable]  
 
(vi) 
Daily 
Observation 
Early 
Redemption Date:  
[●] (specify date)/[As specified in Condition 28(d)] 
 
(vii) 
Daily Observation Number of 
Days:  
[●]/[As specified in Condition 28(d)] 
 
(viii
) 
Early Redemption Amount:  
[●] (specify amount)  
 
Fast Autocall Early Redemption  
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph)  
 
Daily Observation Early Redemption  
 
 
(i) 
Daily 
Observation 
Early 
Redemption Reference Item(s): 
 
 
[[The/Each][ 
Commodity 
[and]/Commodity 
Index 
[and]/Index [and]/ Equity [and]/FX Rate [and]/Fund] as 
specified 
below 
in 
paragraph[s] 
[32/33/34/35/36/37]]/[Each Reference Item specified as 
such in the Reference Item Table below in the column 
entitled "Reference Item Category"]/[[●](Specify each 
relevant Reference Item)]  
 
(ii) 
Daily 
Observation 
Early 
Redemption Event:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-paragraph of 
this paragraph)  
 
 
- Early Redemption Observation 
Period Closing: 
[Applicable: (a) the Relevant Performance and (b) [less 
than or equal to/greater than or equal to/less than/greater 
than] the Daily Observation Early Redemption Barrier 
Level][Not Applicable]  
 
 
- Early Redemption Observation 
Period Intra-Day:  
[Applicable: (a) the Relevant Performance and (b) [less 
than or equal to/greater than or equal to/less than/greater 
than] the Daily Observation Early Redemption Barrier 
Level]/[Not Applicable]  
 
 
- Relevant Performance:  
Applicable: [Asset Performance]/[Relevant Performance 
(Basket)]/[Weighted 
Performance 
(Value/Initial)]/ 
[Weighted 
Performance 
(Asset 
Return)]/[Relevant 
Performance (Worst)]

--- Page 420 ---
417 
 
 
 
- Value(t):  
Applicable: [Reference Item Closing Value/Reference 
Item Intra-Day Value]  
 
 
- Initial Value:  
[Initial Reference Item Closing Value/Initial Reference 
Item Intra-Day Value]  
 
(iii) 
Daily 
Observation 
Early 
Redemption Barrier Level:  
[[●]/As set forth in the Reference Item Table in the column 
entitled "Daily Observation Early Redemption Barrier 
Level" corresponding to the relevant Reference Item] [Not 
Applicable]  
 
(iv) 
Daily 
Observation 
Early 
Redemption Valuation Date:  
[Each Periodic Valuation Date/Each Periodic Pricing 
Date/[●] (specify date)] [The Periodic Valuation Date(s) 
scheduled to fall on [●] [and [●]]/[The Periodic Pricing 
Date(s) scheduled to fall on [●] [and [●]]  
 
(v) 
Daily 
Observation 
Early 
Redemption Observation Period:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable, delete the 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph)  
 
 
- 
Daily 
Observation 
Early 
Redemption Observation Period 
Start Date:  
[In respect of [each/the] Daily Observation Early 
Redemption Valuation Date, [●] - [Included / Excluded]]  
 
 
- 
Daily 
Observation 
Early 
Redemption Observation Period 
End Date:  
[Each/The] 
Daily 
Observation 
Early 
Redemption 
Valuation Date  
- [Adjusted/Unadjusted]  
- [Included / Excluded]  
 
 
- 
Observation 
Date 
(Closing 
Valuation):  
[Applicable, as specified in Condition [6] [in respect of 
[each/the] Commodity/Commodity Index], [and]/  [7] [in 
respect of [each/the] Index], [and]/ [8] [in respect of 
[each/the] Equity [and]/ [9] [in respect of [each/the] FX 
Rate], [and]/ [10] [in respect of [each/the] Fund]] [Not 
Applicable] (If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)] 
 
 
-Specified 
Observation 
Date (Closing Valuation):  
[Applicable: [●]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
- Observation Date (Intra-Day 
Valuation):  
[Applicable, as specified in the [: [(i)]] Condition 8 [in 
respect of [each/the] Equity] [and]/[(ii)] Condition 7 [in 
respect of [each/the] Index] [and]/[(iii)] Condition 6 [in 
respect of [each/the] Commodity/Commodity Index] 
[and]/[(iv)] Condition 9 [in respect of [each/the] FX Rate]] 
[Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph)  
 
 
- Specified Observation 
Date (Intra-Day 
Valuation):  
[Applicable: [●]]/[Not Applicable]  
 
 
(vi) 
Daily 
Observation 
Early 
Redemption Date:  
[●] (specify date)/[As specified in Condition 28(d)] 
 
(vii) 
Daily Observation Number of 
Days:  
[●] (specify date)/[As specified in Condition 28(d)]

--- Page 421 ---
418 
 
 
(viii
) 
Early Redemption Amount:  
[●] (specify amount) 
30.  [Early Redemption Amount: 
Early Redemption Amount(s) of each 
Note for which the Belgian Securities 
Annex applies: payable on redemption 
for taxation reasons[, TLAC 
Disqualification Event Call Option] or 
illegality or other early redemption in 
accordance with the Conditions and/or 
the method of calculating the same 
Use where the Belgian Securities 
Annex applies 
[Market Value 1][,including accrued interest] 
[Market Value 2][,including accrued interest] 
[Highest Value (Structured)] 
[Highest Value (Vanilla)] 
[Protected Principal Amount][,including accrued interest] 
[an amount per Note of Calculation Amount] [,including 
accrued interest] 
 
(ii)  Monetisation Option 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] [select only for structured 
Notes to which the Belgian Securities Annex applies, and 
“Market Value 2” applies as Early Redemption Amount.] 
31.  Early Redemption Amount(s) of each 
Note for which the Belgian Securities 
Annex applies: payable on event of 
default 
[[●] per Calculation Amount] 
[(Consider including the wording below in the case of 
Index Linked Notes, Equity Linked Notes, Commodity 
Linked, Notes, FX Linked Notes, Fund Linked Notes and 
Inflation Linked : 
[Market Value less Associated Costs] per Calculation 
Amount: With respect to each Calculation Amount, such 
amount(s) determined by the Calculation Agent which 
shall represent the fair market value of such Calculation 
Amount on the date of redemption, including accrued 
interest (if any), adjusted to account fully for any losses, 
expenses and costs to the Issuer (or any of its Affiliates) 
of unwinding any underlying or related hedging and 
funding arrangements, all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion.]] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE TYPE OF NOTES 
 
REFERENCE ITEM LINKED NOTES 
REFERENCE ITEM TABLE37 
Referenc
e Item(s)  
[Referen
ce Item 
Categor
y]  
[Bloomberg 
/ ISIN]  
 
 
 
[Exchange(s)
/ Related 
Exchange(s)]  
 
 
[Type of FX 
Rate]  
[Reference 
Currency] 
[Base 
Currency]  
[Initial 
Value]  
 
 
[Coupon 
Barrier 
Level]  
 
 
[Barrier Event 
Strike/ Barrier 
Performance 
Strike] [High 
Barrier]  
 
 
[Knock-In 
Strike/ Knock-
In 
Performance 
Strike]  
 
 
[Early 
Redemption 
[Barrier]/ 
[Strike]]  
[Daily 
Observatio
n Early 
Redemptio
n Barrier 
Level]  
[Redemptio
n Barrier]  
[Number of 
Reference 
Items] [Fixing 
Price 
Sponsor]  
[Rounded 
Number of 
Reference Items] 
[FX Price 
Source]  
[FX Valuation 
Time]  
[Residual 
Amount] 
[FX 
Financial 
Centre]  
[W]  
[●] 
(Name of 
Issuer/ 
Share(s)/  
Fund(s) / 
Exchang
e Traded 
Fund(s) / 
Index(ice
s) / 
Commod
ity(ies) / 
Commod
ity 
Index(ice
s) / FX 
Rates/ 
Inflation 
Index)  
 
 
[Bloomberg 
Code: [●]; 
ISIN(s): [●]]  
 
[[Exchange(s
): [●] 
 
Related 
Exchange(s): 
[●]] 
[Base 
Currency/Ref
erence 
Currency 
Rate / Fixing 
Rate / Inverse 
Base 
Currency/Ref
erence 
Currency 
Rate] [For the 
purposes of 
the definition 
of FX Rate, 
the relevant 
exchange 
rate shall be 
the mid 
exchange 
rate]  
 
Reference 
Currency: [●]]  
[Base 
Currency: [●]] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
 
 
37 (*insert if required, in the case of Indices, additional columns "Type of Index" and "Index Sponsor(s)", in the case of Commodity 
Indices, additional columns "Commodity Index Sponsor(s)", and in any case, as required where there are two or more Reference 
Items

--- Page 422 ---
419 
 
 
32.  Commodity Linked Notes:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Commodity/Basket of 
Commodities/Commodity Index: 
[Basket of Commodities/Single Commodity]  
[[Insert 
type 
of 
Commodity]/The 
[Commodity 
is/Commodities are] as specified in the Reference Item 
Table above]  
[The Commodity is a [Bullion Commodity / Commodity 
Index]]/[[The/Each] Commodity is a Bullion Commodity 
[and/or a Commodity Index] if so specified in the 
Reference Item Table above]  
[if a Basket of Commodities, include relevant weighting of 
each Commodity in the Basket] 
[Wi, the weighting, for each Commodity is [ ] [as specified 
in the Reference Item Table above]] 
[The Sponsor(s) of the Commodity Index is/are [ ] ][as set 
forth in the Reference Item Table above]] 
 
(ii) 
Initial Price: 
[ ] 
 
(iii) 
Commodity Reference Price: 
[[ ]/Commodity Reference Dealers: specify Reference 
Dealers below] [As specified in the Reference Item Table 
above]  
 
 
Alternative Commodity 
Reference Price: 
[specify/Not Applicable/As specified in the Reference 
Item Table above]  
 
(iv) 
Specified Price:  
 
[high 
price][low 
price][average 
of 
high 
and 
low 
prices][closing price][opening price][bid price][asked 
price][average of bid and asked prices][settlement 
price][official settlement price][official price][morning 
fixing][afternoon fixing][spot price][other] [insert time, if 
applicable] [As specified in the Reference Item Table 
above]  
 
(v) 
Delivery Date:  
 
[date] [month and year] [[First/Second/Third/other] 
Nearby Month] [specify method] [As specified in the 
Reference Item Table above] [Not Applicable]  
 
(vi) 
Unit:  
[[ ]/As specified in the Reference Item Table above] 
 
(vii) 
Price Source: 
[[ ]/As specified in the Reference Item Table above] 
 
(viii) 
Exchange: 
[[ ]/As specified in the Reference Item Table above] 
 
(ix) 
Commodity Business Day 
Convention in respect of each 
Valuation Date:  
[Following / Modified Following / Modified / Nearest / 
Preceding] 
 
(x) 
Common Pricing: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 423 ---
420 
 
 
(xi) 
Option Pricing:  
[Applicable in respect of [[the/each] Valuation Date] / 
[[the/each] Initial Valuation Date] [and] [[the/each] Final 
Valuation Date] [and] [each Initial Averaging Date] [and] 
[each Final Averaging Date] [and] [each Periodic 
Valuation Date] [and] [each Autocall Valuation Date] [and] 
[each Valuation Period Date]] [Not Applicable]  
 
(xii) 
Market Disruption Event(s): 
[The following Market Disruption Events apply to the 
Notes: 
[Disappearance of Commodity Reference Price] 
[Material Change in Content] 
[Material Change in Formula] 
[Price Source Disruption: specify Price Materiality 
Percentage at item (xvi) below (if applicable)] 
[Tax Disruption] 
[Trading Disruption: specify any additional 
futures/options contract or commodity]] 
[Condition 6(b)(ii) (Deemed Market Disruption Events) 
applies]  
(NB: if Reference Item Condition 6(b)(ii) (Deemed 
Market Disruption Events) applies, the Market Disruption 
Events specified in that Reference Item Condition will 
apply – this does NOT include Tax Disruption) 
 
(xiii) 
Disruption Fallback(s):  
[The following Disruption Fallbacks apply to the Notes 
(in the following order): 
[Calculation Agent Determination] 
[Cancellation] 
[Delayed Publication or Announcement: specify 
Maximum Days of Disruption at item 31(xv) below] 
[Fallback Reference Dealers: specify Reference Dealers 
at item 32(xiv) below] 
[Fallback Reference Price: specify alternate Commodity 
Reference Price at item 32(iii)] 
[Postponement: specify Maximum Days of Disruption at 
item 32(xv) below]] 
(NB: Must be specified in the order in which they apply) 
[Condition 6(b)(v) (Deemed Disruption Fallbacks) 
applies] 
(NB: If Condition 6(b)(v) (Deemed Disruption Fallbacks) 
applies, the Disruption Fallbacks specified in that 
Reference Item Condition will apply)

--- Page 424 ---
421 
 
 
(xiv) 
Reference Dealers: 
[Specify four dealers/Not Applicable] 
(For Bullion Commodities specify the principal London 
office of dealers that are members of the London Bullion 
Market Association) 
(N.B. Only applicable where Commodity Reference 
Dealers is specified as the Commodity Reference Price 
or Fallback Reference Dealers is specified as a 
Disruption Fallback) 
 
(xv) 
Maximum Days of Disruption:  
 
[[ ]/ Condition 6(d) (Definitions) applies/Not Applicable]  
(N.B. Only applicable where Delayed Publication or 
Announcement or Postponement are specified as a 
Disruption Fallback)  
 
(xvi) 
Price Materiality Percentage:  
[[ ]/Not Applicable]  
(N.B. Only relevant for Price Source Disruption, if 
applicable)  
 
(xvii) 
Correction of Commodity 
Reference Prices:  
 
Correction of Commodity Reference Prices [applies/does 
not apply and any relevant amount shall be calculated 
without regard to any subsequently published correction]  
 
(xviii) 
Relevant provisions for 
determining Final Redemption 
Amount and/or assets 
deliverable: 
(If Correction of Commodity Reference Prices does not 
apply, delete the following sub paragraph)  
 
 
Calculation Agent responsible 
for making calculations: 
[●] 
 
 
[Correction Cut-Off Date:  
[In relation to a Relevant Determination Date, [ ] Business 
Days after such Relevant Determination Date]]  
 
(viii) 
Additional Disruption Event: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]  
[The following Additional Disruption Events apply to the 
Notes: 
[Change in Law] 
[Hedging Disruption] 
[Increased Cost of Hedging]] 
33.  Index Linked Notes:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph)

--- Page 425 ---
422 
 
 
(i) 
Whether the Notes relate to a 
basket of indices or a single 
index, the identity of the 
relevant Index/Indices and 
details of Index Sponsor(s): 
[Basket of Indices/Single Index] 
The [Index][Indices] and [the Sponsor(s) of the Index] 
is/are [ ] [as set forth in the Reference Item Table above] 
 [Give details of the/each index. If a Basket of Indices, 
include relevant weightings of each index in the Basket of 
Indices]  
[The Index is a Designated Multi-Exchange Index] 
 
(ii) 
Relevant provisions for 
determining the Final 
Redemption Amount: 
[●] 
 
(iii) 
Calculation Agent responsible 
for making calculations 
pursuant to Condition 7: 
[●] 
 
(iv) 
Exchange(s):   
[●][As specified in the Reference Item Table above] 
 
(v) 
Related Exchange(s): 
[[●] /All Exchanges] [As specified in the Reference Item 
Table above] 
 
(vi) 
Redemption Amount: 
[[●] per Calculation Amount/ Not Applicable] 
[If not applicable: Call Index Linked Notes/Put Index 
Linked Notes] 
 
(vii) 
Valuation Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(viii) 
Valuation Time: 
[Condition 7(c) applies] [As specified in the Reference 
Item Table above] 
 
(ix) 
Strike Price: 
[●] 
 
(x) 
Multiplier for each Index 
comprising the basket: 
[Insert details/Not Applicable] 
 
(xi) 
Correction of Index Levels: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [If Applicable: The Reference 
Price shall be calculated without regard to any 
subsequently published correction]. 
(If Correction of Index Levels does not apply, delete the 
following sub paragraph (xii)) 
 
(xii) 
Correction Cut-Off Date: 
[●] Business Days prior to the Maturity Date 
 
(xiii) 
Additional Disruption Events: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
[The following Additional Disruption Events apply to the 
Notes: 
[Change in Law] 
[Hedging Disruption] [this should not be elected for 
Notes to which the Belgian Securities Annex applies] 
[Increased Cost of Hedging] [this should not be elected 
for Notes to which the Belgian Securities Annex applies]] 
[Increased Cost of Stock Borrow]  
[Loss of Stock Borrow]]

--- Page 426 ---
423 
 
34.  Equity Linked Notes:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Whether the Notes relate to a 
basket of equity securities or a 
single equity security, and the 
identity of the relevant issuer(s) 
of the Underlying 
Equity/Equities): 
[Basket of Underlying Equities/Single Underlying Equity]  
The [Equit(y)(ies)] [is/are] (inset name of issuer and 
equity/ies) [ ] [as set forth in the Reference Item Table 
above] 
[ISIN: [●][as specified in the Reference Item Table 
above]] 
[Bloomberg Code: [●][as specified in the Reference Item 
Table above]] 
[Give details, including name of issuer and the equity, 
ISIN or other applicable identification code for each equity 
security. If a Basket of Equities, include relevant 
weightings of each equity in the basket of equities.  Note 
underlying equities are to be equities listed on a regulated 
market in the EEA or an equivalent market in a third 
country only.] 
 
(ii) 
Calculation Agent responsible 
for making calculations 
pursuant to Condition 8: 
[●] 
 
(iii) 
Exchange(s):   
[●][As specified in the Reference Item Table above] 
 
(iv) 
Related Exchange(s): 
[[●]/All Exchanges] [As specified in the Reference Item 
Table above] 
 
(v) 
Potential Adjustment Events:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(vi) 
De-listing:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(vii) 
Merger Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(viii) 
Nationalization: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(ix) 
Insolvency: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(x) 
Tender Offer: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(xi) 
Redemption Amount: 
[[●] per Calculation Amount/ Not Applicable/Early 
Redemption Amount] 
[If not applicable: Call Equity Linked Notes/Put Equity 
Linked Notes] 
 
(xii) 
Valuation Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(xiii) 
Valuation Time: 
[Condition 8(e) applies] [As specified in the Reference 
Item Table above] 
 
(xiv) 
Strike Price: 
[●] 
 
(xv) 
Exchange Rate: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[Insert details]

--- Page 427 ---
424 
 
 
(xvi) 
Multiplier for each Underlying 
Equity comprising the basket 
(which is subject to adjustment 
as set out in Condition 8(b)): 
[Insert details/Not Applicable] 
 
(xvii) 
Correction of Share Prices: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If Applicable: The Reference 
Price shall be calculated without regard to any 
subsequently published correction) 
(If Correction of Share Prices does not apply, delete the 
following sub paragraph) 
 
(xviii) 
Correction Cut-Off Date: 
[●] Business Days prior to the Maturity Date 
 
(xix) 
Additional Disruption Events: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
 
 
[The following Additional Disruption Events apply to the 
Notes: 
[Change in Law] 
[Hedging Disruption] [this should not be elected for 
Notes to which the Belgian Securities Annex applies] 
[Increased Cost of Hedging] [this should not be elected 
for Notes to which the Belgian Securities Annex applies] 
[Insolvency Filing] [this should not be elected for Notes to 
which the Belgian Securities Annex applies] 
[Increased Cost of Stock Borrow] [this should not be 
elected for Notes to which the Belgian Securities Annex 
applies] 
 
 
 
[Loss of Stock Borrow] [this should not be elected for 
Notes to which the Belgian Securities Annex applies]] 
[The Maximum Stock Loan Rate in respect of [specify in 
relation to each Underlying Equity] is [ ]. 
(NB: Only applicable if Loss of Stock Borrow is applicable) 
[The Initial Stock Loan rate in respect of [specify in 
relation to each Underlying Equity]] 
(NB: Only applicable if Increased Cost of Stock Borrow is 
applicable) 
35.  FX Linked Notes: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Base Currency: 
[●][As specified in the Reference Item Table above] 
 
(ii) 
Subject Currency: 
[●][As specified in the Reference Item Table above] 
 
(iii) 
Currency Price: 
[●] [As specified in the FX Linked Conditions] [As 
specified in the Reference Item Table above]

--- Page 428 ---
425 
 
 
(iv) 
FX Market Disruption Event(s): 
(N.B. Only complete if Inconvertibility Event/Price 
Materiality Event/Non-Transferability Event and/or other 
disruption events should be included as FX Market 
Disruption Events) 
 
 
(a) 
Inconvertibility Event: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
(b) 
Price Materiality Event: 
[Applicable.  Price Materiality Percentage: [●]] 
[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(c) 
Non-Transferability Event: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
(v) 
Disruption Fallbacks: 
(Specify the applicable Disruption Fallbacks in the order 
that they will apply) 
 
 
 
[Calculation Agent Determination] 
[Currency-Reference Dealers 
Reference Dealers: [four] [specify other]] 
[EM Fallback Valuation Postponement] 
[EM Valuation Postponement] 
[Fallback Reference Price Fallback Reference Price: [●]] 
[Other Published Sources] 
[Postponement Maximum Days of Postponement: [●]] 
 
(vi) 
FX Price Source(s): 
[●][As specified in the Reference Item Table above] 
 
(vii) 
Specified Financial Centre(s) 
[●][As specified in the Reference Item Table above] 
 
(viii) 
Averaging: 
[Applicable.  The Averaging Dates are [●]] [Not 
Applicable] 
 
(ix) 
Valuation Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(x) 
Valuation Time: 
[●][As specified in the Reference Item Table above] 
 
(xi) 
Weighting: 
[Not Applicable] [The weighting to be applied to each item 
comprising the Basket to ascertain the Currency Price is 
[●] [as specified in the Reference Item Table above]] (N.B. 
Only applicable in relation to FX Linked Notes relating to 
a Basket)  
 
(xii) 
EM Currency Provisions: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
(a) 
Unscheduled Holiday: 
[Applicable.  Maximum Days of Deferral: [●]] [Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
(b) 
EM Valuation 
Postponement 
[Applicable. 
 
Maximum 
Days 
of 
EM 
Valuation 
Postponement: [●]] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
(c) 
EM Fallback Valuation 
Postponement 
[Applicable.  Fallback Maximum Period of Postponement: 
[As specified in the FX Linked Conditions] [Not 
Applicable]] 
 
 
(d) 
Cumulative Events: 
[Applicable. Maximum Days of Cumulative 
Postponement: [As specified in the FX Linked 
Conditions] [Not Applicable]] 
 
(xiii) 
Successor Currency: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
[Issue Date/[●]]

--- Page 429 ---
426 
 
 
(xiv) 
Rebasing: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
(xv) 
Additional Disruption Events: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
[The following Additional Disruption Events apply to the 
Notes: 
[Change in Law] 
[Hedging Disruption] [this should not be elected for 
Notes to which the Belgian Securities Annex applies] 
[Increased Cost of Hedging] [this should not be elected 
for Notes to which the Belgian Securities Annex applies]]  
 
(xvi) 
Alternative Price Source(s): 
[●] 
(apply in the order specified) 
 
(xvii) 
Maximum Days of 
Postponement: 
[●] [As specified in the FX Linked Conditions] 
36.  Fund Linked Conditions: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Fund/Basket of Funds: 
[●] (insert name of Fund(s)) [The Funds are as set forth 
in the Reference Item Table above] 
[ISIN: [●][as specified in the Reference Item Table 
above]] 
[Bloomberg Code(s): [●][as specified in the Reference 
Item Table above]] 
[Include ISIN or other applicable identification code for 
underlying Fund(s)] 
 
 
 
[[The [●] Fund is an ETF] 
 
 
 
[Exchange for each Fund Share: [●] [as specified in the 
Reference Item Table above]] 
 
 
 
[Related Exchange for each Fund Share: [●] [All 
Exchanges] [as specified in the Reference Item Table 
above]] 
 
 
 
[Underlying Index: [●] [as specified in the Reference Item 
Table above]] 
 
 
 
(N.B. Include for Exchange Traded Funds (ETFs)) 
 
(ii) 
Fund Interest(s): 
[●] [As specified in the Reference Item Table above] 
 
(iii) 
Fund Performance: 
[●] [As specified in the Fund Linked Conditions] 
 
(iv) 
Weighting: 
[Not Applicable] [The weighting to be applied to each 
Fund comprising the Basket of Funds is [set forth in the 
Reference Item Table above] [●]] (N.B. only applicable in 
relation to Fund Linked Notes relating to a Basket of 
Funds) 
 
(v) 
Barrier Event (intraday): 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
Barrier Event Determination 
Day: 
[As specified in the Fund Linked Conditions][other]

--- Page 430 ---
427 
 
 
(vi) 
Barrier Event (closing): 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
Barrier Event Determination 
Day: 
[Valuation Date] 
 
 
 
[In respect of [the] [each] Fund Share, each Scheduled 
Trading Day for such Fund Share during an Observation 
Period that is not a Disrupted Day for such Fund Share] 
 
 
 
[Each Common Scheduled Trading Day that is not a 
Disrupted Day for any Fund in the Basket of Funds during 
[the] [each] Observation Period] 
 
(vii) 
Barrier Level: 
[●][Not Applicable] 
 
(viii) 
Averaging: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
(a) 
Averaging Dates: 
[insert dates] 
 
 
(b) 
Omission: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] (N.B. May only be applicable 
in relation to Exchange Traded Funds (ETFs)) 
 
 
(c) 
Postponement 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] (N.B. May only be applicable 
in relation to Exchange Traded Funds (ETFs)) 
 
 
(d) 
Modified Postponement: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] (N.B. May only be applicable 
in relation to Exchange Traded Funds (ETFs)) 
 
(ix) 
Valuation Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(x) 
Valuation Time: 
[As specified in the Fund Linked Conditions] [As specified 
in the Reference Item Table above] [specify other] (N.B. 
May only be applicable in relation to Exchange Traded 
Funds (ETFs)) 
 
(xi) 
Observation Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(xii) 
Observation Period: 
[Applicable: [Extension] [No Extension]] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
(a) 
Observation Period Start 
Date 
[[●] ([Including] [Excluding])] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
(b) 
Observation Period End 
Date: 
[[●] ([Including] [Excluding])] [Not Applicable] 
 
(xii) 
Common Scheduled Trading 
Days: 
[Applicable.   
[Common Disrupted Days will apply] [Individual Disrupted 
Days will apply] (N.B. If Common Scheduled Trading 
Days are applicable, either Common or Individual 
Disrupted Days must be specified) [Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
(N.B. May only be applicable in relation to Fund Linked 
Notes relating to a Basket) 
 
(xiv) 
Additional Disruption Events: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable]

--- Page 431 ---
428 
 
 
 
 
[The following Additional Disruption Events apply to the 
Notes: 
[Change in Law] 
[Fund Hedging Disruption] [this should not be elected for 
Notes to which the Belgian Securities Annex applies] 
[Increased Cost of Hedging] [this should not be elected 
for Notes to which the Belgian Securities Annex applies]] 
 
(xv) 
Initial Price: 
[insert if not the Fund Share Closing Price of such Fund 
Share on the Strike Date or Pricing Date (as applicable) 
per the Conditions] [As specified in the Reference Item 
Table above] [Not Applicable]  
 
(xvi) 
Merger Event: 
[Merger Date on or before the Valuation Date] [other] 
37.  Inflation Linked Notes: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Inflation Index/Basket of 
Inflation Indices/Inflation 
Index Sponsor(s): 
[●] (insert name of index) 
Inflation Index Sponsor : [●] 
[As set forth in the Reference Item Table above] 
 
(ii) 
Related Bond: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
The Related Bond is: [●] [Fallback Bond] [as set forth in 
the Reference Item Table above] 
 
[Fallback Bond: [Applicable] [Not Applicable]] 
 
The End Date is: [●] 
 
(iii) 
Determination Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(iv) 
Cut-Off Date: 
[●] [Condition 11 applies] 
 
(v) 
 
[●] 
38.  Physical Delivery Notes: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
[Note: Physical Delivery not applicable for 144A Notes 
held in DTC] 
[Cash Settlement] [Physical Delivery] [Cash Settlement 
and/or Physical Delivery] (If Cash Settlement and/or 
Physical Delivery specified, specify details for 
determining in what circumstances Cash Settlement or 
Physical Delivery will apply) 
[The provisions of Condition 14 shall apply.]

--- Page 432 ---
429 
 
 
(i) 
Relevant Asset(s): 
[●] 
[In case of physical delivery of listed underlying equities 
include the following: 
Share Rights: [●]] 
 
(ii) 
Asset Amount: 
[●] 
 
(iii) 
Cut-Off Date: 
[●] 
 
(iv) 
Failure to Deliver due to 
Illiquidity: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(v) 
Delivery provisions for Asset 
Amount (including place of 
delivery) if different from 
Condition 14: 
[●] 
 
(vi) 
Settlement Business Day: 
[●] 
 
(vii) 
Issuer’s option to vary 
Settlement: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
39.  Form of Notes: 
[Bearer Notes] [Exchangeable Bearer Notes] 
[Registered Notes] 
  
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a permanent 
Global Note which is exchangeable for definitive Notes 
on [15] [30] [45] days’ notice38/in the limited 
circumstances specified in the permanent Global Note] 
[and/or Registered Notes] 
 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for definitive 
Notes on [15] [30] [45] days’ notice37] [and/or 
Registered Notes] 
 
 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for definitive 
Notes on [15] [30] [45] days’ notice37/in the limited 
circumstances specified in the permanent Global Note] 
[and/or Registered Notes] 
[If paragraph 7(i) provides for a Specified Denomination 
and higher integral multiples, the option to exchange 
into definitive Notes on [15] [30] [45] days’ notice/at any 
time must be disapplied] 
 
 
[Restricted/Unrestricted] 
Global 
Registered 
Note 
registered in the name of a nominee for [a common 
depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
/ a nominee of DTC] 
40.  New Global Note/New Safekeeping 
Structure: 
[Yes/No] 
 
38 Consider FATCA implications and other tax implications before allowing conversion of global Notes to definitive 
Notes.

--- Page 433 ---
430 
 
41.  Financial Centre(s) or other special 
provisions relating to payment dates: 
 
[Not Applicable/give details.] 
(Note that this paragraph relates to the date and place 
of payment, and not interest period end dates) 
42.  Talons for future Coupons or Receipts to 
be attached to Definitive Notes (and dates 
on which such Talons mature): 
[Yes/No.] (If yes, give details) 
43.  Governing Law and Jurisdiction: 
[Ontario Law/English law/German law] [Each Holder or 
beneficial owner of any Bail-inable Notes attorns to the 
jurisdiction of the courts in the Province of Ontario with 
respect to the operation of the CDIC Act] 
44.  Unavailability of Currency: 
Condition 15(e) is [Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
 
By: 
............................................ 
Duly authorized

--- Page 434 ---
431 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
(i) 
[Application is expected to be made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to 
the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted to trading on the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange’s regulated market with effect from [●].]  
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to the 
official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted to trading on Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange’s regulated market with effect from [●].]   
[Tranche[s] [identify earlier tranche] of the Notes [is/are] already admitted to the official list of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s 
regulated market with effect from [insert date].] 
2. 
RATINGS 
 
 
Ratings: 
[The [short/long] term debt of the Issuer is rated:] 
The Notes [to be issued] have [been rated] [not been rated.]: 
[S&P USA: [●]] 
[Moody’s USA: [●]] 
[[Other]: [●]] 
(Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning of the 
ratings if this has previously been published by the rating 
provider) 
3. 
PERFORMANCE OF REFERENCE ITEM(S) AND OTHER INFORMATION CONCERNING THE 
REFERENCE ITEM(S)  
[Need to include details of where past and future performance and volatility of the Reference 
Item(s) can be obtained by electronic means and whether or not it can be obtained free of charge.]  
[Where the Reference Item is an index need to include the name of the index and details of where 
the information about the index can be obtained. Where the underlying is not an index need to 
include equivalent information.] 
4. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE/OFFER 
 
Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealer], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person 
involved in the issue of the Notes has an interest material to the offer. The [Managers/Dealers] and 
their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or 
commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer in the 
ordinary course. [insert any additional conflicts of interest not known at the date of the Prospectus] 
5. 
[Fixed Rate Notes only –] YIELD 
 
Indication of yield: 
[The yield for the Notes will be [●] on the Issue Date.] [Not 
Applicable]] 
6. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER, ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS AND TOTAL EXPENSES 
(i) 
Reasons for the offer: 
[●] 
(ii) 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[●] 
(iii) 
Estimated total expenses: 
[●]

--- Page 435 ---
432 
 
7. 
HISTORIC INTEREST RATES [(Floating Rate Notes Only)] 
 
[Details of historic [SONIA/SOFR/€STR/SARON/EURIBOR/EONIA/CDOR/CORRA/ TIBOR/BBR/ 
CIBOR/STIBOR/NIBOR/SIBOR/HIBOR] and its volatility can be obtained from [Reuters] [insert 
other].] 
8. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
(i) 
ISIN Code: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Common Code: 
[●] 
 
(iii) 
CFI 
[[ 
 
], as updated, as set out on the website of 
the Association of National Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or 
alternatively 
sourced 
from 
the 
responsible 
National 
Numbering Agency that assigned the ISIN] [Not Applicable] 
[Not Available] 
 
(iv) 
FISN 
[[ 
 
], as updated, as set out on the website of 
the Association of National Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or 
alternatively 
sourced 
from 
the 
responsible 
National 
Numbering Agency that assigned the ISIN] [Not Applicable] 
[Not Available] 
 
(iii) 
Any clearing system(s) 
other than Euroclear Bank 
SA/NV and Clearstream 
Banking S.A. and the 
relevant identification 
number(s): 
[The Depository Trust 
Company:] 
[Not Applicable] [Name and address of clearing system] 
 
 
 
[CUSIP Number] 
 
(iv) 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
 
(v) 
Calculation Agent: 
[●][Canadian 
Imperial 
Bank 
of 
Commerce, 
London 
Branch][CIBC World Markets Corp.] [CIBC Capital Markets 
(Europe) S.A.] [CIBC World Markets Inc.] 
 
(vi) 
[Paying][Transfer] Agent: 
[Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch] [Deutsche Bank 
Luxembourg S.A.][Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft] 
 
(vii) 
Names and addresses of 
additional Paying Agent(s) 
(if any): 
[●] [Not Applicable] 
 
(viii) 
Intended to be held in a 
manner which would allow 
Eurosystem eligibility: 
[Yes. Note that the designation “yes” simply means that the 
Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited with one of 
the ICSDs as common safekeeper and does not necessarily 
mean that the Notes will be recognized as eligible collateral 
for Eurosystem monetary policy and intraday credit 
operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or 
all times during their life.  Such recognition will depend upon 
the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria 
have been met.] [if “yes”, the Notes must be issued in NGN 
form] 
[No. While the designation is specified as “no” at the date of 
this Final Terms, should the Eurosystem eligibility criteria be 
amended in the future such that the Notes are capable of 
meeting them the Notes may then be deposited with one of 
the ICSDs as common safekeeper.  Note that this does not

--- Page 436 ---
433 
 
necessarily mean that the Notes will then be recognized as 
eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and 
intraday credit operations by the Eurosystem at any time 
during their life.  Such recognition will depend upon the ECB 
being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been 
met.] 
9. 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
(i) 
Method of Distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
 
(ii) 
If syndicated, names and 
addresses of Managers and 
underwriting commitments: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
 
 
Date of Subscription 
Agreement: 
[ 
 ]  
 
(iii) 
If non-syndicated, name 
[and address] of relevant 
Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
 
(iv) 
Stabilizing Manager(s) (if 
any): 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
 
(v) 
Total commission and 
concession: 
[ 
 ] [Not Applicable] 
10. 
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
 
[(Relevant third party information) has been extracted from [specify source]. The Issuer confirms 
that such information has been accurately reproduced [and that, so far as it is aware, and is able 
to ascertain from information published by [●], no facts have been omitted which would render the 
reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.][Not Applicable]  
[The information included herein with respect to indices and/or formulas comprising, based on or 
referring to variations in the prices of one or more [shares in companies, any other equity or non-
equity securities, currencies or currency exchange rates, interest rates, credit risks, fund units, 
shares in investment companies, term deposits, life insurance contracts, loans, commodities or 
futures contracts on the same or any other underlying instrument(s) or asset(s) or the occurrence 
or not of certain events not linked to the Issuer or any other factors to which the Notes are linked] 
(the “Underlyings”) consists only of extracts from, or summaries of publicly available information.  
The Issuer accepts responsibility that such extracts or summaries have been accurately 
reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information published by 
the issuer, owner or sponsor, as the case may be, of such Underlyings, no facts have been omitted 
that would render the reproduced extracts or summaries inaccurate or misleading.  No further or 
other responsibility in respect of such information is accepted by the Issuer.  In particular, neither 
the Issuer nor any Dealer accepts responsibility in respect of the accuracy or completeness of the 
information set forth herein concerning the Underlyings of the Notes or that there has not occurred 
any event which would affect the accuracy or completeness of such information.] 
11. 
BENCHMARKS 
Amounts payable under the Notes will be calculated by 
reference to [specify benchmark].  
[[specify benchmark] is provided by [administrator legal 
name]. As at the date hereof, [administrator legal name] 
[appears]/[does not appear] in the register of administrators 
and benchmarks established and maintained by ESMA 
[and/or the FCA] pursuant to Article 36 (Register of 
administrators and benchmarks) of the EU Benchmarks 
Regulation [and/or as Article 36 (Register of administrators

--- Page 437 ---
434 
 
and benchmarks) of the UK Benchmarks Regulation[, 
respectively]]]/ 
[As far as the Issuer is aware, as at the date hereof [specify 
benchmark] does not fall within the scope of the EU 
Benchmark Regulation [and/or the UK Benchmarks 
Regulation]/ 
[As far as the Issuer is aware the transitional provisions of 
Article 51 of the EU Benchmark Regulation [and/or Article 51 
of the UK Benchmarks Regulation] apply, such that 
[administrator legal name] is] not currently required to obtain 
authorization or registration (or, if located outside of the EU 
[and/or the UK], recognition, endorsement or equivalence.]/ 
[Not Applicable] 
12. 
GENERAL 
 
(i) 
Additional Tax 
Considerations: 
[Section 871(m) Internal Revenue Code [Applicable/Not 
Applicable]] 
 
(ii) 
US Selling Restrictions: 
[Reg. S Compliance Category 2] [Rule 144A eligible] 
 
(iii) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA 
Retail Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” products, 
or the Notes may constitute “packaged” products and no key 
information document will be prepared, “Applicable” should 
be specified.) 
 
(iv) 
Prohibition of Sales to UK 
Retail Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” products, 
or the Notes may constitute “packaged” products and no key 
information document will be prepared, “Applicable” should 
be specified.) 
 
(v) 
Prohibition of Sales to 
Belgian Consumers: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(vi) 
Applicable TEFRA 
exemption: 
[C Rules/D Rules/Excluded Issue] 
13. 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE PUBLIC OFFER 
Non-exempt Offer: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [An offer of the Notes may be made by [the 
Managers][specify 
names 
and 
addresses 
of 
financial 
intermediaries/placers making non-exempt offers, to the extent known] 
other than pursuant to Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation in 
[Belgium/The Netherlands/France/Luxembourg] during the Offer Period. 
Offer Period: 
[From the date of, and following, publication of these Final Terms being 
[         ] to [         ].] / [give details] 
Offer Price: 
[The Issuer has offered and will sell the Notes to the Managers (and no 
one else) at the Issue Price of [         ] per cent. less a total commission 
[and concession] of [   ] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount of 
Notes.  Managers and Placers will offer and sell the Notes to their 
customers in accordance with arrangements in place between each 
such Manager and its customers (including Placers) or each such Placer 
and its customers by reference to the Issue Price and market conditions 
prevailing at the time.]  / [give details]

--- Page 438 ---
435 
 
Conditions to which the offer 
is subject: 
[Offers of the Notes are conditional on their issue and are subject to 
such conditions as are set out in the Subscription Agreement.  As 
between Managers and their customers (including Placers) or between 
Placers and their customers, offers of the Notes are further subject to 
such conditions as may be agreed between them and/or as is specified 
in the arrangements in place between them.] / [give details of any 
conditions to which Offers may be subject in any of the Public Offer 
Jurisdictions] 
Description of the application 
process: 
A prospective Noteholder will purchase the Notes in accordance with 
the arrangements in place between the relevant Manager and its 
customers or the relevant Placer and its customers, relating to the 
purchase of securities generally.  Noteholders (other than Managers) 
will not enter into any contractual arrangements directly with the Issuer 
in connection with the offer or purchase of the Notes.] / [give any details 
of the application process in any of the Public Offer Jurisdictions] 
Description of possibility to 
reduce subscriptions and the 
manner for refunding amounts 
paid in excess by applicants: 
[Not Applicable] / [give details] 
Details of the minimum and/or 
maximum amount of the 
application: 
[There are no pre-identified allotment criteria.  The Managers and the 
Placers will adopt allotment and/or application criteria in accordance 
with customary market practices and applicable laws and regulations 
and/or as otherwise agreed between them.] / [give any details of the 
minimum and/or maximum amount of the application] / [Not Applicable] 
Method and time limits for 
paying up and delivering the 
Notes: 
[The Notes will be purchased by the Managers from the Issuer on a 
delivery versus payment basis on the Issue Date.  Prospective 
Noteholders will be notified by the relevant Manager or Placer of their 
allocations of Notes and the settlement arrangements in respect 
thereof.] / [give any details of method and time limits for paying up and 
delivering the Notes] 
Manner in and date on which 
results of the offer are to be 
made public: 
[Not Applicable] / [give details] 
Procedure for exercise of any 
right of pre-emption, 
negotiability of subscription 
rights and treatment of 
subscription rights not 
exercised: 
[Not Applicable] / [give details] 
Whether tranche(s) have 
been reserved for certain 
countries: 
[Not Applicable] / [give details] 
Process for notifying 
applicants of the amount 
allotted and an indication 
whether dealing may begin 
before notification is made: 
[Prospective Noteholders will be notified by the relevant Manager or 
Placer in accordance with the arrangements in place between such 
Managers or Placers and its customers.  Any dealings in the Notes 
which take place will be at the risk of prospective Noteholders.] / [give 
details] / [Not Applicable] 
Amount of any expenses and 
taxes charged to the 
subscriber or purchaser: 
[Not Applicable] / [give details] 
Name(s) and address(es), to 
the extent known to the 
Issuer, of the Placers in the 
various countries where the 
offer takes place: 
[None known to the Issuer] / [specify] 
[Summary of the Notes to be inserted if applicable]

--- Page 439 ---
436 
 
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT  
(Exempt Notes only) 
THIS FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT HAS NOT BEEN REVIEWED  
NOR APPROVED BY THE CSSF. 
Notes in italics in this Pro Forma Pricing Supplement are intended for reference purposes only, will not 
appear in actual Pricing Supplement documents and are not binding on the Issuer. 
Pricing Supplement dated [●] 
Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce 
Legal Entity Identifier: 2IGI19DL77OX0HC3ZE78 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under a US$7,500,000,000 Note Issuance Programme 
 
[Include the following warning for all Notes where capital is at risk: 
INVESTING IN THE NOTES PUTS YOUR CAPITAL AT RISK. YOU MAY LOSE SOME [OR ALL] OF 
YOUR INVESTMENT.] 
The Prospectus referred to below (as completed by this Pricing Supplement) has been prepared on 
the basis that any offer of Notes in any Member State of the European Economic Area (“EEA”) or in 
the United Kingdom (“UK”) (each, a “Relevant State”) will be made pursuant to an exemption under 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus Regulation”) or the Prospectus Regulation as it forms 
part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK Prospectus 
Regulation”) from the requirement to publish a prospectus for offers of the Notes. Accordingly any 
person making or intending to make an offer in a Relevant State of the Notes may only do so in 
circumstances in which no obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a prospectus 
pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or section 85 of the Financial Services and Markets 
Act 2000 as amended, as applicable, or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the 
Prospectus Regulation or the UK Prospectus Regulation, in each case, in relation to such offer. Neither 
the Issuer nor any Dealer has authorized, nor do they authorize, the making of any offer of Notes in 
any other circumstances. 
[MIFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for 
the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible 
counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
“MiFID II”); and (ii) all channels for distribution to eligible counterparties and professional clients are 
appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s’] target 
market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own 
target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s’] 
target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels[, subject to the 
distributor’s suitability and appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable.] 
[UK MIFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely 
for the purposes of [each][the] manufacturer['s][s'] product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes 
is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook, and 
professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law 
by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (as amended, the "EUWA") ("UK MiFIR"); and 
(ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are 
appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "UK 
distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s][s'] target market assessment; 
however, a UK distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance 
Sourcebook is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes

--- Page 440 ---
437 
 
(by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s][s'] target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels.]  
[PRIIPs REGULATION - PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS 
The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area 
("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client 
as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II")][MiFID II]; (ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU as amended, where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified 
investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "Prospectus Regulation"). Consequently, no 
key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the "PRIIPs 
Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in 
the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.] 39 
[UK PRIIPs REGULATION - PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS  
The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these 
purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point 
(8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the 
[European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (as amended, the "EUWA")] [EUWA]; (ii) a customer within 
the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act, 2000 (as amended, the 
"FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as 
amended), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of 
Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; 
or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of [Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended)][the 
Prospectus Regulation] as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK 
Prospectus Regulation"). Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) 
No 1286/2014 (as amended) as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK 
PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.]40 
[Singapore Securities and Futures Act Product Classification – Solely for the purposes of its 
obligations pursuant to Sections 309B(1)(a) and 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of 
Singapore)(as modified or amended from time to time, the "SFA"), the Issuer has determined, and 
hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A of the SFA) that the Notes are 
["prescribed capital markets products "]/["capital markets products other than prescribed capital 
markets products"] (as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 
2018).]41 42 
[Include the following if the Notes are Bail-inable Notes: 
The Notes are Bail-inable Notes and subject to conversion in whole or in part – by means of a 
transaction or series of transactions and in one or more steps – into common shares of the 
Issuer or any of its affiliates under subsection 39.2(2.3) of the Canada Deposit Insurance 
Corporation Act (the “CDIC Act”) and to variation or extinguishment in consequence, and 
subject to the application of the laws of the Province of Ontario and the federal laws of Canada 
 
39 Include if the Notes potentially constitute “packaged” products and no key information document will be prepared or the Issuer 
wishes to prohibit offers to EEA retail investors for any other reason. 
40 Include if the Notes potentially constitute “packaged” products and no key information document will be prepared or the Issuer 
wishes to prohibit offers to UK retail investors for any other reason. 
41  Insert if the Notes are not prescribed capital market products and insert “Excluded Investment Products” or, if not, amend 
Singapore product classification. 
42  Relevant Dealer(s) to consider whether it/they have received the necessary product classification from the Issuer prior to 
the launch of the offer, pursuant to Section 309B of the SFA.

--- Page 441 ---
438 
 
applicable therein in respect of the operation of the CDIC Act with respect to the Notes.] 
 [The purchase of Notes involves substantial risks and is suitable only for investors who have 
the knowledge and experience in financial and business matters necessary to enable them to 
evaluate the risks and the merits of an investment in the Notes. Before making an investment 
decision, prospective purchasers of Notes should ensure that they understand the nature of 
the Notes and the extent of their exposure to risks and that they consider carefully, in the light 
of their own financial circumstances, financial condition and investment objectives, all the 
information set forth in the Prospectus (including “Risk Factors” on pages 27 to 90 thereof) 
and this Pricing Supplement.] 
[Insert any specific additional risk factors (relating only to the tranche of Notes documented by this 
Pricing Supplement)]. 
 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the terms and conditions 
(the “Conditions”) set forth in the Prospectus dated 10 May 2022 [and the supplements to the 
Prospectus dated ●] (the “Prospectus”). This document constitutes the final terms of the Notes 
described herein and must be read in conjunction with such Prospectus [as so supplemented]. Full 
information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination 
of this Pricing Supplement and the Prospectus [as so supplemented]. The Prospectus [and the 
supplements to the Prospectus] [is] [are] available for viewing during normal business hours at and 
copies may be obtained from the registered office of the Issuer at 81 Bay Street, CIBC Square, Toronto, 
Ontario, Canada M5J 0E7, and at the specified office of the Paying Agents, for the time being in London 
and Luxembourg and copies may be obtained from 150 Cheapside, London, EC2V 6ET. 
[The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was 
issued under an offering document with an earlier date.43 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the terms and conditions 
(the “Conditions”) set forth in the [Offering Memornadum][Prospectus] dated [original date].  This 
document constitutes the final terms of the Notes described herein and must be read in conjunction 
with the Prospectus dated 10 May 2022 [and the supplements to the Prospectus dated ●], save in 
respect of the Conditions which are extracted from the [Securities Note] [Prospectus] dated [original 
date].  Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the 
combination of this Pricing Supplement, the Conditions and the Prospectus dated 10 May 2022 [as so 
supplemented].  The Prospectus [and the supplements to the Prospectus][is][are] available for viewing 
during normal business hours at and copies may be obtained from the registered office of the Issuer 
at 81 Bay Street, CIBC Square, Toronto, Ontario, Canada M5J 0E7, and at the specified office of the 
Paying Agents, for the time being in London and Luxembourg and copies may be obtained from 150 
Cheapside, London, EC2V 6ET.] 
References herein to numbered Conditions are to the “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” and words 
and expressions defined in such Conditions shall bear the same meaning in this Pricing Supplement, 
save as where otherwise expressly provided. 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable” (N/A). Note that the numbering 
should remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs or sub-
paragraphs. Italics denote guidance for completing the Pricing Supplement.] 
[Consider including the following paragraphs for Reference Item Linked Notes.] 
 
43  Notes issued in previous years under a prospectus approved under the Prospectus Directive cannot be increased under 
this Prospectus.

--- Page 442 ---
439 
 
[No person has been authorized to give any information or make any representation not contained in 
or not consistent with this Pricing Supplement, or any other information supplied in connection with the 
Notes and, if given or made, such information or representation must not be relied upon as having 
been authorized by the Issuer or any Dealer.  
By investing in the Notes each investor represents that:  
(a)  
Non-Reliance. It is acting for its own account, and it has made its own independent decisions 
to invest in the Notes and as to whether the investment in the Notes is appropriate or proper for 
it based upon its own judgment and upon advice from such advisers as it has deemed 
necessary. It is not relying on any communication (written or oral) of the Issuer or any Dealer as 
investment advice or as a recommendation to invest in the Notes, it being understood that 
information and explanations related to the terms and conditions of the Notes shall not be 
considered to be investment advice or a recommendation to invest in the Notes. No 
communication (written or oral) received from the Issuer or any Dealer shall be deemed to be 
an assurance or guarantee as to the expected results of the investment in the Notes.  
(b)  
Assessment and Understanding. It is capable of assessing the merits of and understanding 
(on its own behalf or through independent professional advice), and understands and accepts 
the terms and conditions and the risks of the investment in the Notes. It is also capable of 
assuming, and assumes, the risks of the investment in the Notes. 
(c)  
Status of Parties. Neither the Issuer nor any Dealer is acting as a fiduciary for or adviser to it 
in respect of the investment in the Notes. 
AN INVESTMENT IN NOTES LINKED TO ONE OR MORE REFERENCE ITEMS MAY ENTAIL 
SIGNIFICANT RISKS NOT ASSOCIATED WITH INVESTMENTS IN A CONVENTIONAL DEBT 
SECURITY. THE AMOUNT PAID BY THE ISSUER ON REDEMPTION OF THE NOTES MAY BE 
LESS THAN THE NOMINAL AMOUNT OF THE NOTES, TOGETHER WITH ANY ACCRUED 
INTEREST, AND MAY IN CERTAIN CIRCUMSTANCES BE ZERO. [WHERE THE NOTES ARE 
REDEEMED BY THE ISSUER BY DELIVERY OF REFERENCE ITEM(S) THE VALUE OF THE 
REFERENCE ITEM(S) MAY BE LESS THAN THE NOMINAL AMOUNT OF THE NOTES, 
TOGETHER WITH ANY ACCRUED INTEREST, AND MAY IN CERTAIN CIRCUMSTANCES BE 
ZERO. 
INVESTORS SHOULD BE PREPARED TO SUSTAIN A LOSS OF ALL OR PART OF THEIR 
INVESTMENT.] 
[The provisions of Annex A apply to this Pricing Supplement and such documents shall be read 
together.] 
[The purchase of Notes issued under the Programme is associated with certain risks.  Each 
prospective investor in Notes must ensure that the complexity and risks inherent in the Notes are 
suitable for its investment objectives and are appropriate for itself or the size, nature and condition of 
its business, as the case may be.  No person should deal in the Notes unless that person understands 
the nature of the relevant transaction and the extent of that person’s exposure to potential loss.  Each 
prospective purchaser of Notes should consider carefully whether the Notes are suitable for it in light 
of its circumstances and financial position.  Prospective investors in Notes should consult their own 
legal, tax, accountancy and other professional advisers to assist them in determining the suitability of 
the Notes for them as an investment.]  
1. 
(i) 
Issuer: 
Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce 
 
(ii) 
Branch of Account: 
[Main branch, Toronto]  
 
(iii) 
Definitive N Registered Notes 
(Namensschuldverschreibunge
n): 
[Yes][No] 
2. 
[(i)] 
Series Number: 
[●]

--- Page 443 ---
440 
 
 
[(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[●]  
(If fungible with an existing Series, details of that Series, 
including the date on which the Notes become fungible.)] 
(for Preference Share Linked Notes consider disapplying 
Condition 21 (Further Issues) for EIS eligibility purposes) 
3. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[●] 
4. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount of Notes: 
[●] 
 
[(i)] 
Series: 
[●] 
 
[(ii) 
Tranche: 
[●]] 
5. 
Issue Price: 
[●] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus 
accrued interest from [insert date] ( in the case of fungible 
issues if applicable)] 
6. 
Protected Principal Amount: 
[The Protected Principal Amount is [●]]1[Not Applicable] 
7. 
(i) 
Specified Denominations: 
[●] [and integral multiples of [●] in excess thereof up to 
and including [●]. No Notes in definitive form will be 
issued with a denomination above [●] 1, 2 
 
 
 
[So long as the Notes are represented by a temporary 
Global Note or, permanent Global Note and the relevant 
clearing system(s) so permit, the Notes will be tradeable 
only in nominal amounts of at least the Specified 
Denomination 
(or 
if 
more 
than 
one 
Specified 
Denomination, the lowest Specified Denomination) and 
higher 
integral 
multiples 
of 
at 
least 
[●1,000], 
notwithstanding that no definitive Notes will be issued 
with denomination above [●99,000]] 
 
 
 
[If paragraph 39 indicates that the Global Note is 
exchangeable for definitive Notes at the option of the 
Noteholder, the Notes will be tradeable only in principal 
amounts of at least the Specified Denomination (or if 
more than one Specified Denomination, the lowest 
Specified Denomination) and may not include integral 
multiples.] 
 
1 To be completed only for Notes to which the Belgian Securities Annex applies. 
1 This number may need to be adjusted depending on the Specified Denomination and higher integral multiple of 
each Tranche. 
2 Where the Notes have a maturity of less than one year and the issue proceeds are to be accepted in the United 
Kingdom, or in the case of issues within Section 418 FSMA, will be subject to Section 19 FSMA unless their 
denomination is £100,000 or more (or its equivalent in other currencies) and they are only issued to “professionals” 
within Article 9(2)(a) of the Financial Services and Market Act (Regulated Activities) Order 2001.  Add the following 
language: 
“Notes (including Notes denominated in sterling) in respect of which the issue proceeds are to be 
accepted by the Issuer in the United Kingdom or whose issue otherwise constitutes a contravention of section 19 
FSMA and which have a maturity of less than one year must have a minimum redemption value of £100,000 (or 
its equivalent in other currencies).”

--- Page 444 ---
441 
 
 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
[●] (If there is only one Specified Denomination and no 
integral multiples in excess thereof, insert the Specified 
Denomination. If there is more than one Specified 
Denomination and no integral multiples in excess thereof, 
insert the highest common factor of the Specified 
Denominations.  If there are integral multiples in excess 
of the Specified Denomination(s), insert the highest 
common factor of the integral multiples and the Specified 
Denomination(s).] [Note: There must be a common factor 
in the case of integral multiples in excess of the Specified 
Denomination(s) 
or 
two 
or 
more 
Specified 
Denominations) 
8. 
Trade Date: 
[●] [Not Applicable] 
9. 
Strike Date/Pricing Date: 
[●] [Not Applicable] 
10. 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[●] 
(For Preference Share Linked Notes, ensure the 
underlying preference shares are issued prior the issue 
date)  
 
(ii) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[Specify: Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
CNY Issue Trade Date: 
[●] [Not Applicable] 
11. 
Maturity Date: 
[●] [Specify date or (for Floating Rate Notes): The Interest 
Payment Date falling in or nearest to[●]] 
[For Preference Share-Linked Notes: [[•] or, if later, [3] 
Business Days after the Final Valuation Date]]  
(For Index, Equity and Fund Linked Notes consider 
providing for postponement of the Maturity Date if the 
Valuation Date is postponed by a Market Disruption Event 
or if there is a Settlement Disruption Event) 
12. 
[(i)] Business Centre: 
[●] [Not Applicable] 
[specify any applicable Business Centre(s) for the 
definition of “Business Day”] 
[(ii) Business Day Convention 
[Floating Rate Business Day Convention/ Following 
Business Day Convention/ Modified Following Business 
Day Convention/ Preceding Business Day Convention/ 
other (give details)]

--- Page 445 ---
442 
 
13. 
Interest Basis: 
[[●] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
[[SONIA] [Compounded SOFR] [Weighted Average 
SOFR] [€STR] [SARON] [[ ] month [specify reference 
rate]] +/– [●] per cent. Floating Rate] 
[Zero Coupon] 
[Dual Currency Interest] 
[Commodity Linked] 
[Index Linked] 
[Equity Linked] 
[FX Linked] 
[Fund Linked] 
[Inflation Linked] 
[other (specify)] 
(further particulars specified below) 
14. 
(i) 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Redemption at par] 
[Commodity Linked] 
[Index Linked] 
[Equity Linked] 
[FX Linked] 
[Fund Linked] 
[Inflation Linked] 
[Preference Share Linked] 
[Formula/Fixed Redemption Amount Notes] 
[Variable Redemption Amount Notes] 
[Low Interest Note/High Interest Note] 
[Dual Currency] 
[Partly Paid] 
[Instalment] 
[Other (specify)] 
[(further particulars specified below)] 
 
(ii) 
Protection Amount: 
[Applicable//Not Applicable]3 
[[●] per Calculation Amount]  
15. 
Change of Interest or 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Applicable//Not Applicable]  
(Specify details of any provision for convertibility of Notes 
into another interest or redemption/ payment basis) 
16. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Put Option] (Not Applicable to Bail-inable Notes) 
[Call Option] (If the Belgian Securities Annex applies, 
select only for Notes that are marketed as callable Notes) 
[Not Applicable] 
[(further particulars specified below)] 
17. 
[Date [Board] approval for issuance of 
Notes obtained:] 
[    ] [and [    ], respectively]] 
(N.B. Only relevant where Board (or similar) authorization 
is required for the particular tranche of Notes) 
 
3 Only applicable to Reference Item Linked Notes.

--- Page 446 ---
443 
 
18. 
Bail-inable Notes: 
[Yes][No] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
19. 
Fixed Rate Notes: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
 
[●] per cent. per annum [payable [annually/semi-
annually/quarterly/monthly/ other (specify)] in arrear] on 
each Interest Payment Date  
(Not applicable in the case of a Fixed Coupon Amount; in 
which case consider interest accrual provisions in relation 
to any Early Redemption Amount.) 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●] in each year, commencing on [    ], to and including [   
][adjusted for payment purposes only in accordance with 
the Business Day Convention][adjusted for calculation of 
interest and for payment day purposes in accordance with 
the Business Day Convention][not adjusted]] 
(NB: This will need to be amended in the case of long or 
short coupons) 
 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iv) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[●] per Calculation Amount, payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [    ] [Not Applicable] 
(Insert particulars of any initial or final broken interest 
amounts which do not correspond with the Fixed 
Coupon Amount(s)) 
 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
[Actual/360] 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
[30/360] 
[360/360] 
[Bond Basis] 
[30E/360] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)]  
[specify other] 
 
(vi) 
Determination Dates: 
[[●] in each year] [Not Applicable]  
(Insert regular interest payment dates, ignoring issue date 
or maturity date in the case of a long or short first or last 
coupon. N.B. only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA)) 
 
(vii) 
Other terms relating to the 
method of calculating interest 
for Fixed Rate Notes: 
[Not Applicable/give details]

--- Page 447 ---
444 
 
20. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Interest Period(s)/ Interest 
Payment Dates: 
[●] [each consisting of [●] Interest Accrual Periods each 
of [●]] [in each year commencing [●]] 
The Interest [Period[s]/Payment Dates] will [not] be 
adjusted [in accordance with the Business Day 
Convention set out below]. 
(If the Interest Period(s) or Interest Payment Dates are 
adjusted, specify the relevant Business Day Convention 
at paragraph 20(v) below. If Interest Period(s) are not 
adjusted, no Business Day Convention should be 
specified) 
 
(ii) 
Interest Period Date(s): 
[[●]/Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Interest Period Date(s): 
[[●]/Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Interest Accrual Period: 
[[●][Define for Compounded SOFR only, otherwise 
delete] 
 
(v) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Business Day Convention/ Following 
Business Day Convention/ Modified Following Business 
Day Convention/ Preceding Business Day Convention] 
 
(vi) 
Business Centre(s): 
[●] 
 
(vii) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest is/are to be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination] 
 
(viii) 
Party responsible for calculating 
the Rate(s) of Interest and 
Interest Amount(s) (if not the 
Fiscal Agent): 
[●] 
 
(ix) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
- Reference Rate: 
[SONIA: [Compounded SONIA][SONIA Index]]  
[SOFR: 
[Compounded 
SOFR 
with 
Lookback] 
[Compounded SOFR with Observation Period Shift] 
[Compounded SOFR with Payment Delay] [Compounded 
SOFR Index with Observation Period Shift][Weighted 
Average SOFR]]   
[€STR]  
[SARON] 
[other] 
 
 
- Relevant Screen Page: 
[●] [Not Applicable] Not applicable to SONIA, SOFR, 
€STR or SARON)

--- Page 448 ---
445 
 
 
 
- Interest Determination 
Date(s): 
 
[●] (Second TARGET Business Day prior to start of each 
Interest Period if EURIBOR/fifth (or other number 
specified under Observation Look-Back Period below) 
London Business Day prior to the end of each Interest 
Period if SONIA)/the number of U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days specified under Observation 
Look-Back Period below prior to the end of each Interest 
Period if SOFR and Look Back Period is applicable/ two 
U.S. Government Securities Business Days if SOFR with 
observation shift period/last day of the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period if SOFR with payment delay and with 
respect to the final Interest Accrual Period will be the Rate 
Cut-Off Date/fifth (or other number specified under 
Observation 
Look-Back 
Period 
below) 
TARGET 
Business Day prior to the end of each Interest Period if 
€STR/[ fifth (or other number specified under Observation 
Look-Back Period below) Zurich Banking Day prior to the 
end of such Interest Period for SARON) 
 
 
-  Index Determination: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] [SONIA Reference Rate 
only] 
 
 
- Observation Look-Back 
Period: 
[Not Applicable][[5]* London Business Days prior to the 
Interest Payment Date [include if the Reference Rate is 
SONIAand the Observation Method is Lag] 
[5] [2]** U.S. Government Securities Business Days 
prior to the Interest Payment Date [include where 
Reference Rate is SOFR and Look-Back Period is 
applicable] 
[5]* TARGET Business Days prior to the Interest Payment 
Date [include where Reference Rate is €STR] 
 
 
-  
[5]* Zurich Banking Days prior to the Interest Payment 
Date [include where Reference Rate is SARON]]  
*(“p” shall not be less than 5 without the prior agreement 
of the Calculation Agent) 
**(if Look Back Period is applicable, “p” shall not be less 
than 5 without the prior agreement of the Calculation 
Agent; if SOFR with observation period shift, 2; if SOFR 
with payment delay, not applicable) 
 
 
- Observation Period: 
[[●]/Not Applicable] [As defined in Conditions]]  
[Applicable – “p” means [ ] London Business Days prior 
to the Interest Payment Date [include if the Reference 
Rate is SONIA and the Observation Method is Shif]] 
 
 
 
Observation Method: 
[Not Applicable] [Lag] [Shift] [Applicable to SONIA 
Reference Rate only] 
 
 
- Lookback Number of U.S. 
Government Securities 
Business Days: 
[[●]/Not Applicable] 
 
 
- Rate Cut Off: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 449 ---
446 
 
 
 
- Suspension Period: 
[Not Applicable] [The last [4] Business Days of each 
Interest Period] [Weighted Average SOFR only]  
 
 
- Look-Back Period: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
- Observation Look-Back 
Period: 
[Not Applicable][[5]* London Business Days prior to the 
Interest Payment Date [include if the Reference Rate is 
SONIA] 
[5] [2]** U.S. Government Securities Business Days 
prior to the Interest Payment Date [include where 
Reference Rate is SOFR and Look-Back Period is 
applicable] 
[5]* TARGET Business Days prior to the Interest 
Payment Date [include where Reference Rate is €STR] 
 
 
-  Rate Multiplier: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify formula) 
 
 
-  Relevant Financial Centre: 
[London/Euro-zone/ Toronto/Tokyo/Wellington/Sydney/ 
Copenhagen/Stockholm/Oslo/Singapore/Hong 
Kong/New York/Zurich] 
 
 
-  Relevant Time: 
[11:00 
am 
(London/Brussels/Tokyo/Copenhagen/ 
Stockholm /Wellington/Singapore//New York time) /10:00 
am (Toronto time)/9:00 am (Toronto time)/10:00/10:10 
am (Sydney time)/12:00 noon (Oslo time)/5:00 pm (New 
York time)][[11:00/11:15] am (Hong Kong time)][11:00 am 
(Zurich time)][Not Applicable] 
 
(x) 
ISDA Determination: 
- Floating Rate Option: 
- Designated Maturity: 
- Reset Date: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
 
(xi) 
Linear Interpolation 
[Not Applicable/Applicable – the Rate of Interest for the 
[long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be calculated 
using Linear Interpolation (specify for each short or long 
interest period)] 
 
(xii) 
Margin(s): 
 
[+/-] [●] per cent. per annum/Not Applicable 
 
(xiii) 
Interest Amount(s): 
[[●] per Calculation Amount/ Calculated in accordance 
with Condition 4(j)] 
 
(xiv) 
Minimum [Rate of Interest] 
[Interest Amount]: 
[[●] per cent. per annum] [[●] per Calculation Amount] 
[Zero per cent. per annum] [Not Applicable] 
 
(xv) 
Maximum [Rate of Interest] 
[Interest Amount]: 
[[●] per cent. per annum] [[●] per Calculation Amount] [Not 
Applicable]

--- Page 450 ---
447 
 
 
(xvi) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual 
Actual/Actual (ISDA) 
Actual/365 (Fixed) 
Actual/Actual (ICMA) 
Actual/360 
Actual/365 (Sterling) 
30/360, 360/360, Bond Basis 
30E/360 
30E/360 (ISDA)] 
 
(xvii) 
Benchmark Discontinuation – 
Independent Adviser 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
Benchmark Discontinuation – 
Compounded SOFR 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(xviii) 
Fall back provisions, rounding 
provisions, denominator and 
any other terms relating to the 
method of calculating interest 
on Floating Rate Notes, if 
different from those set out in 
the Conditions: 
[●] [Not Applicable] 
21. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Amortization Yield: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
(ii) 
Any other formula/basis of 
determining amount payable: 
[insert details] 
 
(iii) 
Day Count Fraction in relation 
to Early Redemption Amounts 
and late payments: 
[30/360 
Actual/360 
Actual/365 
other] 
22. 
Interest Linked to one or more 
Reference Items provisions: 4** 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Reference Item: 
As specified in paragraph[s] [29/30/32/33/34/35] [specify 
other] 
 
(ii) 
Provisions for determining Rate 
of Interest or Interest Amount 
where calculated by reference 
to an Index and/or an Equity 
and/or a Currency Price and/or 
a Commodity and/or a 
Commodity Index and/or a 
Fund and/or an Inflation Index: 
[give or annex details] 
 
4 Payments on Reference Item Linked Notes may give rise to Canadian withholding tax.  An opinion of tax counsel 
should be obtained and if no opinion is obtained or if any deduction or withholding may be required, consider 
providing in the Pricing Supplement that Condition 5(c) does not apply to such Notes.   
**Consider whether any additional disclosure is required to comply with the disclosure requirements of the Interest 
Act (Canada)

--- Page 451 ---
448 
 
 
(iii) 
Provisions for determining Rate 
of Interest or Interest Amount 
where calculation by reference 
to an Index and/or an Equity 
and/or a Currency Price and/or 
a Commodity and/or a 
Commodity Index and/or a 
Fund and/or an Inflation Index 
is impossible or impracticable 
or otherwise disrupted: 
[●] 
 
(iv) 
Calculation Agent responsible 
for calculating the Rate(s) of 
Interest and/or Interest 
Amount(s) and making 
calculations: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable][If applicable, need to include 
back up provisions] 
 
(v) 
Interest Determination Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(vi) 
Interest Period(s) or other 
calculation period(s): 
[●] each consisting of [●] Interest Accrual Periods each of 
[●]] 
 
(vii) 
Interest Period Date(s): 
[●]/Not Applicable 
 
(viii) 
Specified Interest Payment 
Dates: 
[●] 
 
(ix) 
Minimum Rate of 
Interest/Interest Amount: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
(x) 
Maximum Rate of 
Interest/Interest Amount: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
(xi) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[●] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
23. 
Call Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(If the Belgian Securities Annex applies, select only for 
Notes that are marketed as callable Notes) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption 
Amount(s) of each Note and 
method, if any, of calculation of 
such amount(s): 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iii) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
 
 
(a) Minimum Redemption 
Amount: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
 
(b) Maximum Redemption 
Amount: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iv) 
Notice period:6  
[●]

--- Page 452 ---
449 
 
24. 
Put Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption 
Amount(s) of each Note and 
method, if any, of calculation of 
such amount(s): 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iii) 
Notice period:5 
[●] 
25. 
Automatic Redemption (Autocall) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(If the Belgian Securities Annex applies, select only for 
Notes that are marketed as autocallable Notes) 
 
(i) Underlying Performance Type: 
[Single Asset] [Basket] [Worst-of/Best-of]  
 
(ii) Autocall Observation Type: 
[Discrete][Continuous] 
 
(a) [Continuous Autocall Start Date: 
[●]] 
 
(b) [Continuous Autocall End Date: 
[●]] 
 
(iii) Autocall Barrier Percentage[s]: 
[●] [Each of the percentages set out in Table [●] below 
in the column entitled ‘Autocall Barrier Percentage’.] 
 
(iv) Autocall Redemption Percentage[s]: 
[●] [Each of the percentages set out in Table [●] below 
in the column entitled ‘Autocall Redemption 
Percentage’.] 
 
(v) Autocall Valuation Date[s]: 
[●] [Each date set out in Table [●] below in the column 
entitled ‘Autocall Valuation Date’.] 
 
(vi) Autocall Redemption Date[s]: 
[●] [Each date set out in Table [●] below in the column 
entitled ‘Autocall Redemption Date’.] [The [●] Business 
Day following each Autocall Valuation Date] 
 
(vii) Autocall Valuation Price: 
[●] 
 
(viii) Averaging-out: 
[Applicable/ Not Applicable] 
[Averaging-out Dates: [●]] 
[Each of the dates set out in Table [●] below in the 
column entitled ‘Averaging-out Dates’.] 
 
(ix) Min Lookback-out: 
[Applicable/ Not Applicable] 
[Lookback-out Dates: [●]] 
[Each of the dates set out in Table [●] below in the 
column entitled ‘Lookback-out Dates’.] 
 
5 If setting notice periods which are different to those provided in the terms and conditions, the Issuer is advised 
to consider the practicalities of distribution of information through intermediaries, for example, clearing systems 
and custodians, as well as any other notice requirements which may apply, for example, as between the Issuer 
and its fiscal agents.

--- Page 453 ---
450 
 
 
(x) Max Lookback-out: 
[Applicable/ Not Applicable] 
[Lookback-out Dates: [●]] 
[Each of the dates set out in Table [●] below in the 
column entitled ‘Lookback-out Dates’.] 
 
Table [●] 
 
Autocall 
Valuation 
Date: 
Autocall 
Barrier 
Percentage: 
Autocall 
Redemption 
Percentage: 
Autocall 
Redemption 
Date: 
[Averaging-out 
Dates:] 
[Lookback-out 
Dates:] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
26.  [Final Redemption Amount of each 
Note:] 
 
[[●] per Calculation Amount]  
(if the Notes are not Reference Item Linked Notes delete 
the following paragraphs) 
 
[Final Redemption Amount 
(Reference Item Linked Notes – 
Condition 28(c)] 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Reference Item(s): 
[[The/Each Commodity [and]/Commodity Index] [and]/ 
Index [and]/ Equity [and]/FX Rate [and]/Fund] as specified 
below 
in 
paragraph[s] 
[32/33/34/35/36/37]]/[Each 
Reference Item specified as such in the Reference Item 
Table in Annex A in the column entitled "Reference Item 
Category"]/[●] (Specify each relevant Reference Item)]  
 
(ii) 
Provisions 
for 
determining 
Redemption 
Amount 
where 
calculation by reference to 
Share and/or Index and/or 
Commodity/Commodity Index 
and/or Fund is impossible or 
impracticable 
or 
otherwise 
disrupted:  
Condition [6], [7], [8], [9], [10], 11] are applicable.  See 
paragraphs [[32/33/34/35/36/37] 
 
(iii) 
Settlement Method 
[Cash Settlement] [Physical Delivery] [Cash Settlement 
and/or Physical Delivery]

--- Page 454 ---
451 
 
 
(iv) 
Redemption Condition  
 
 
[Redemption Amount 1 (Single Reference Item) 
(Condition 28(c)[(i)] [(ii)])] 
[Redemption Amount 2 (Condition 28(c)[(iii)] [(iv)])] 
[Redemption Amount 3 (Condition 28(c)[(v)] [(vi)])] 
[Redemption Amount 4 (Condition 28 (c)[(vii)] [(viii)])] 
[Redemption Amount 5 (Condition 29(c)(ix))] 
[Twin Win with Cap (Single Reference Item) (Condition 
29(c)(x))] 
[Twin Win with no Cap (Single Reference Item) (Condition 
29(c)(xi))] 
[Barrier Event (Single Reference Item) (Condition 
29(c)(xii))]  
[Redemption Amount 6 (Condition 29(c)(xiii))] 
[Redemption Amount 7 (Single Reference Item) 
(Condition 29(c)(xiv)]  
[Redemption Amount 7 (Basket of Reference Items) 
(Condition 29(c)(xv))]  
[Redemption Amount 8 (Condition 29(c)(xvi)] 
[Barrier Reverse Convertible Notes (Condition 29(c)[(xvii)] 
[(xviii))] 
[Reverse Convertible Notes (Condition 29(c)[(xix)] [(xx))] 
[Redemption Amount 1 (Basket of Reference Items) 
(Condition 28(c)(xxi)] 
[Twin Win with Cap (Basket of Reference Items) 
(Condition 29(c)(xxii))] 
[Twin Win with no Cap (Basket of Reference Items) 
(Condition 29(c)(xxiii))] 
[Barrier Event (Basket of Reference Items) (Condition 
29(c)(xxiv))]  
[other] 
[The provisions in Annex A apply] 
(Delete Conditions that do not apply) 
 
(v) 
Calculation Amount (CA):  
[●] 
 
(vi) 
Averaging: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
 
(vii) 
Initial Value: 
[Initial Reference Item Closing Value/Initial Reference 
Item Intra-Day Value]

--- Page 455 ---
452 
 
 
(viii) 
[Redemption Barrier: 
[[●]/As set forth in the Reference Item Table in Annex A in 
the column entitled "Redemption Barrier"]  
(applicable to Redemption Amount 1, Redemption 
Amount 2, Redemption Amount 3 and Redemption 
Amount 7 (Single Reference Item) and Redemption 
Amount 7 (Basket of Reference Items); delete for all 
others]] 
 
(ix) 
[Cap: 
[●] [Not Applicable] 
(applicable to Redemption Amount 1, Redemption 
Amount 2, Twin Win with Cap (Single Reference Item), 
Twin Win with Cap (Basket of Reference Items), Barrier 
Event (Single Reference Item) and Redemption Amount 
7(Single Reference Item) and Redemption Amount 7 
(Basket of Reference Items); delete for all others]] 
 
(x) 
[Floor: 
[●] [Not Applicable] 
(applicable to Redemption Amount 1, Redemption 
Amount 2, Redemption Amount 5, Twin Win with Cap 
(Single Reference Item), Twin Win with Cap (Basket of 
Reference Items), Barrier Event (Single Reference Item), 
Redemption Amount 6 and Redemption Amount 7 (Single 
Reference Item) and Redemption Amount 7 (Basket of 
Reference Items); delete for all others) 
 
(xi) 
Barrier Event: 
[Applicable, for the purposes of the definition of "Barrier 
Event" in Condition 29(c), [less than or equal to/less than] 
Barrier Event Strike is applicable] [Not Applicable] (If Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph)  
(delete for Redemption Amount 6, Barrier Reverse 
Convertible, 
Reverse 
Convertible 
and 
Redemption 
Amount 7 (Basket of Reference Items)) 
 
 
- Barrier Observation Period 
Closing: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
 
 
- Barrier Observation Period 
Intra-Day: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
 
 
- Barrier Reference Date 
Closing: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
 
 
- Barrier Reference Date: 
[In respect of:] [(i)] [the/each] [Commodity Index,] [Index,] 
[Equity,] 
[Fund,] 
[Valuation 
Date] 
[(ii)] 
[the/each] 
[Commodity,] [Final Pricing Date] [(iii)] [the/each] [FX 
Rate,] [FX Valuation Date] [Final Averaging Date] [●] 
(specify date)  
 
 
- Barrier Event Strike: 
[[●]/As set forth in the Reference Item Table in Annex A in 
the column entitled "Barrier Event Strike"]

--- Page 456 ---
453 
 
 
(xii) 
Barrier Observation Period: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable, delete the 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph)  
(delete for Redemption Amount 6, Barrier Reverse 
Convertible, Reverse Convertible and Redemption 
Amount 7 (Basket of Reference Items)) 
 
 
- Barrier Observation Period 
Start Date: 
[●], [Included/Excluded]  
 
 
- Barrier Observation Period 
End Date: 
[●], [Included/Excluded] 
 
(xiii) 
Observation Date (Closing 
Valuation): 
[Applicable, as specified in the [: [(i)]] Condition 6 [in 
respect of [each/the] Commodity/Commodity Index] [and]/ 
[(ii)] Condition 7 [in respect of [each/the] Index] [and]/[(iii)] 
Condition 8 [in respect of [each/the] Equity] [and]/ [(iv)] 
Condition 9 [in respect of [each/the] FX Rate] [and]/[(v)] 
Condition 10 [in respect of [each/the] Fund]] [Not 
Applicable] (If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)  
(delete for Redemption Amount 6 and (Single Reference 
Item) and Redemption Amount 7 (Basket of Reference 
Items)) 
 
 
- Specified Observation Date 
(Closing Valuation): 
[Applicable: [●]]/[Not Applicable]  
 
(xiv) 
Observation Date (Intra-Day 
Valuation): 
[Applicable, as specified in the [: [(i)]] Condition 6 [in 
respect of [each/the] Commodity/Commodity Index] [and]/ 
[(ii)] Condition 7 [in respect of [each/the] Index] [and]/[(iii)] 
Condition 8 [in respect of [each/the] Equity] [and]/ [(iv)] 
Condition 9 [in respect of [each/the] FX Rate] [and]/[(v)] 
Condition 10 [in respect of [each/the] Fund]] [Not 
Applicable] (If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)  
(delete for Redemption Amount 6 and (Single Reference 
Item) and Redemption Amount 7 (Basket of Reference 
Items)) 
 
 
- Specified Observation Date 
(Intra-Day Valuation): 
[Applicable: [●]]/[Not Applicable]  
 
(xv) 
Linear Feature 
(applicable to Twin Win with Cap (Single Reference Item), 
Twin Win with Cap (Basket of Reference Items)) 
 
(xvi) 
PF1: 
(applicable to Twin Win with Cap (Single Reference Item), 
Twin Win with Cap (Basket of Reference Items)) 
 
(xvii) 
Strike: 
[●]  
(applicable to Twin Win with Cap (Single Reference Item), 
Twin Win with Cap (Basket of Reference Items)) 
 
 
(the following items (xviii) – (xx) are applicable to Redemption Amount 6, delete for all 
others) 
 
[(xviii) 
VCA: 
[●] 
 
(xix) 
Participation: 
[●]

--- Page 457 ---
454 
 
 
(xx)] 
FXR: 
[Applicable; For the purposes of the definition of "FXR", 
"Inverse FXR" is [not] applicable/Not Applicable]  
 
(xxi) 
Final Relevant Performance 
(FRP): 
Final Asset Performance/Final Relevant Performance 
(Basket)/Final Relevant Performance (Worst) 
 
 
- Final Asset Performance 
(Final/Initial):  
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] (Insert this paragraph if FRP is 
Final Asset Performance or Final Relevant Performance 
(Worst))  
 
 
- Final Asset Performance 
(Asset Return):  
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] (Insert this paragraph if FRP is 
Final Asset Performance or Final Relevant Performance 
(Worst))  
 
 
- W: 
[●]/As set forth in the Reference Item Table in Annex A in 
the column entitled "W"] (Insert this paragraph if FRP is 
Final Relevant Performance (Basket))  
 
 
- Weighted Performance 
(Final/Initial):  
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] (Insert this paragraph if FRP is 
Final Relevant Performance (Basket))  
 
 
- Weighted Performance 
(Asset Return):  
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] (Insert this paragraph if FRP is 
Final Relevant Performance (Basket))  
 
 
(the following items (xxii) and (xxiii) are applicable to Redemption Amount 7 (Single 
Reference Item), delete for all others) 
 
[(xxii) 
Knock-In Event:  
 
[Applicable, for the purposes of the definition of "Knock-In 
Event" in Condition 28(d), [greater than or equal 
to/greater than] Knock-In Strike is applicable]  
 
 
- Knock-In Observation Period 
Closing:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
- Knock-In Observation Period 
Intra-Day:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
- Knock-In Reference Date 
Closing:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
- Knock-In Reference Date:  
 
[In respect of:] [(i)] [the/each] [Commodity Index,] [Index,] 
[Equity,] [Fund,] [Valuation Date] [(ii)] [the/each] 
[Commodity,] [Final Pricing Date] [(iii)] [the/each] [FX 
Rate,] [FX Valuation Date] [Final Averaging Date] [●] 
(specify date) 
 
 
- Knock-In Strike:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(xxiii) 
Knock-In Observation Period:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable, delete the 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
- Knock-In Observation Period 
Start Date:  
[●], [Included/Excluded] 
 
 
- Knock-In Observation Period 
End Date:  
[●], [Included/Excluded] 
 
 
(the following items (xxiv) and (xxv) are applicable to Redemption Amount 7 (Basket of 
Reference Items), delete for all others)

--- Page 458 ---
455 
 
 
[(xxiv) 
Knock-In Performance Event:  
Applicable, for the purposes of the definition of "Knock-In 
Performance Event" in Condition 28(d), [greater than or 
equal to/greater than] Knock-In Performance Strike is 
applicable] 
 
 
- Knock-In Performance 
Observation Period Closing:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
- Knock-In Observation 
Performance Period Intra-Day:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
- Knock-In Observation 
Performance Closing:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
- Knock-In Reference Date:  
[In respect of:] [(i)] [the/each] [Commodity Index,] [Index,] 
[Equity,] [Fund,] [Valuation Date] [(ii)] [the/each] 
[Commodity,] [Final Pricing Date] [(iii)] [the/each] [FX 
Rate,] [FX Valuation Date] [Final Averaging Date] [●] 
(specify date) 
 
 
- Knock-In Performance Strike:  [[●]/As set forth in the Reference Item Table in Annex A in 
the column entitled "Knock-In Performance Strike"] 
 
(xxv) 
Knock-In Performance 
Observation Period:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable, delete the 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
- Knock-In Performance 
Observation Period Start Date:  
[●], [Included/Excluded] 
 
 
- Knock-In Performance 
Observation Period End Date:  
[●], [Included/Excluded] 
 
(xxvi) 
Barrier Performance Event: 
Applicable, for the purposes of the definition of "Barrier 
Performance Event" in Condition 28(d), [less than or 
equal to/less than] Barrier Performance Strike is 
applicable] 
 
 
- Barrier Performance 
Observation Period Closing: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
- Barrier Performance 
Observation Period Intra-Day: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
- Barrier Performance Closing: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
- Barrier Reference Date: 
[In respect of:] [(i)] [the/each] [Commodity Index,] [Index,] 
[Equity,] [Fund,] [Valuation Date] [(ii)] [the/each] 
[Commodity,] [Final Pricing Date] [(iii)] [the/each] [FX 
Rate,] [FX Valuation Date] [Final Averaging Date] [●] 
(specify date) 
 
 
- Barrier Performance Strike: 
[[●]/As set forth in the Reference Item Table in Annex A in 
the column entitled "Barrier Event Strike"] 
 
 
- Relevant Performance: 
[Asset Performance/Relevant Performance 
(Basket)/[Weighted Performance 
(Value/Initial)]/[Weighted Performance (Asset 
Return)]/[Relevant Performance (Worst)] 
 
 
- Value (t): 
Reference Item Closing Value/Reference Item Intra-Day 
Value]

--- Page 459 ---
456 
 
 
(xxvii) 
Barrier Performance 
Observation Period: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable, delete the 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
- Barrier Performance 
Observation Period Start Date: 
[●], [Included/Excluded] 
 
 
- Barrier Performance 
Observation Period End Date: 
[●], [Included/Excluded] 
 
(xxviii) 
Observation Date (Closing 
Valuation): 
[Applicable, as specified in the [: [(i)]] Condition 6 [in 
respect of [each/the] Commodity/Commodity Index] [and]/ 
[(ii)] Condition 7 [in respect of [each/the] Index] [and]/[(iii)] 
Condition 8 [in respect of [each/the] Equity] [and]/ [(iv)] 
Condition 9 [in respect of [each/the] FX Rate] [and]/[(v)] 
Condition 10 [in respect of [each/the] Fund]] [Not 
Applicable] (If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)  
 
 
- Specified Observation Date 
(Closing Valuation): 
[Applicable: [●]]/[Not Applicable]  
 
(xxix) 
Observation Date (Intra-Day 
Valuation): 
[Applicable, as specified in the [: [(i)]] Condition 6 [in 
respect of [each/the] Commodity/Commodity Index] [and]/ 
[(ii)] Condition 7 [in respect of [each/the] Index] [and]/[(iii)] 
Condition 8 [in respect of [each/the] Equity] [and]/ [(iv)] 
Condition 9 [in respect of [each/the] FX Rate] [and]/[(v)] 
Condition 10 [in respect of [each/the] Fund]] [Not 
Applicable] (If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)  
 
 
- Specified Observation Date 
(Intra-Day Valuation): 
[Applicable: [●]]/[Not Applicable]  
 
(xxx) 
Put Strike 
[●] 
27. 
Bail-inable Notes – TLAC 
Disqualification Event Call Option: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
28.  [Early Redemption Amount: 
Early Redemption Amount(s) of each 
Note: payable on redemption for 
taxation reasons[, TLAC Disqualification 
Event Call Option] or on event of default 
or illegality or other early redemption in 
accordance with the Conditions  
Delete where the Belgian Securities 
Annex applies 
[[●] per Calculation Amount] 
[Market Value less Associated Costs] per Calculation 
Amount: With respect to each Calculation Amount, such 
amount(s) determined by the Calculation Agent which 
shall represent the fair market value of such Calculation 
Amount on the date of redemption, including accrued 
interest (if any), adjusted to account fully for any losses, 
expenses and costs to the Issuer (or any of its Affiliates) 
of unwinding any underlying or related hedging and 
funding arrangements, all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion. For 
the purposes hereof:   
 
 
(i) the references to “, together with interest accrued, if 
any, to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption” shall 
be deemed to be deleted from each of Condition 5(c), 
Condition 5(d) and Condition 5(e); and 
(ii) the references to “together with accrued interest to the 
date of payment” shall be deemed to be deleted from 
Condition 18]

--- Page 460 ---
457 
 
 
[Early Redemption Amount 
(Reference Item Linked Notes – 
Condition 28(b) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining relevant sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)  
 
(i) 
Early Redemption Reference 
Item(s):  
[[The/Each][Equity 
[and]/Index 
[and]/Commodity 
[and]/Commodity Index [and]/FX Rate [and]/Fund] as 
specified below in paragraph[s] [  
]]/[Each Reference Item specified as such in the Reference 
Item Table in Annex A in the column entitled "Reference 
Item Category"]/[[●](Specify each relevant Reference 
Item)]  
 
(ii) 
Early Redemption Event 1:  
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-paragraph of 
this paragraph)  
 
 
- Early Redemption Barrier:  
 
[[In respect of each Early Redemption Valuation Date, ][ 
●]/As set forth in the Reference Item Table in Annex A in 
the 
column 
entitled 
"Early 
Redemption 
Barrier" 
corresponding to the relevant Reference Item/As set forth 
in the Early Redemption Table in the column entitled "Early 
Redemption Barrier" corresponding to the relevant Early 
Redemption Valuation Date]  
 
 
- ER Averaging:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
 
(ii) 
Early Redemption Event 2:  
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-paragraph of 
this paragraph)  
 
 
- Early Redemption Barrier:  
 
[[In respect of each Early Redemption Valuation Date, ][ 
●]/As set forth in the Reference Item Table in Annex A in 
the 
column 
entitled 
"Early 
Redemption 
Barrier" 
corresponding to the relevant Reference Item/As set forth 
in the Early Redemption Table in the column entitled "Early 
Redemption Barrier" corresponding to the relevant Early 
Redemption Valuation Date]  
 
 
- ER Averaging:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
 
(iv) 
Early Redemption Event 3:  
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph)  
 
 
- Relevant Performance:  
 
[Asset Performance]/[Relevant Performance (Basket) - 
[Weighted 
Performance 
(Value/Initial)]/[Weighted 
Performance (Asset Return)]]/[Relevant Performance 
(Worst)]  
 
 
[- Value(t):  
[Applicable: [Reference Item Closing Value/Reference 
Item Intra-Day Value]]/[Not Applicable]]

--- Page 461 ---
458 
 
 
 
[- Weighted Performance:  
[Weighted 
Performance 
(Value/Initial)/Weighted 
Performance (Asset Return)]  
(Insert if Relevant Performance (Basket) is applicable, 
otherwise delete)  
 
 
- Early Redemption Strike:  
[[In respect of each Early Redemption Valuation Date, ][ 
●]/As set forth in the Reference Item Table in Annex A in 
the 
column 
entitled 
"Early 
Redemption 
Strike" 
corresponding to the relevant Reference Item/As set forth 
in the Early Redemption Table in the column entitled "Early 
Redemption Strike" corresponding to the relevant Early 
Redemption Valuation Date]  
 
 
- Initial Value:  
[Initial Reference Item Closing Value/Initial Reference Item 
Intra-Day Value]  
 
 
- Value(t):  
[Reference Item Closing Value/Reference Item Intra-Day 
Value]  
 
(v) 
Early 
Redemption 
Valuation 
Date:  
 
 
[Each Periodic Valuation Date/Each Periodic Pricing 
Date/[●] (specify date)/Each date set forth in the Early 
Redemption 
Table 
in 
the 
column 
entitled 
"Early 
Redemption Valuation Date(s)"]  
[The Periodic Valuation Date(s) scheduled to fall on [●] 
[and [●]]/The Periodic Pricing Date(s) scheduled to fall on 
[●] [and [●]]  
 
(vi) 
[Averaging Dates:  
 
 
 
 
In respect of [the Early Redemption Valuation Date 
scheduled to fall on [●]/[●] (insert relevant Early 
Redemption Valuation Date corresponding to the relevant 
set of Averaging Dates)]:  
[●]/Each date set forth in the Early Redemption Table in the 
column entitled "Averaging Date(s)"/Such dates specified 
as "Averaging Date(s)" in respect of an Early Redemption 
Valuation Date under paragraph[s] [ ] below  
(repeat as necessary)]  
 
(vii) 
Early Redemption Date:  
 
[Each Coupon Payment Date other than the Maturity Date/ 
Each Coupon Payment Date other than the Redemption 
Date/ Each Interest Payment Date other than the Maturity 
Date/[and each of ][ ●] (specify date)]  
 
Daily Observation Early Redemption 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining relevant sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Daily 
Observation 
Early 
Redemption Reference Item(s): 
 
 
[[The/Each][Equity 
[and]/Index 
[and]/Commodity 
[and]/Commodity Index [and]/FX Rate [and]/Fund] as 
specified below in paragraph[s] [ ]]/[Each Reference Item 
specified as such in the Reference Item Table in Annex A 
above 
in 
the 
column 
entitled 
"Reference 
Item 
Category"]/[[●](Specify each relevant Reference Item)]

--- Page 462 ---
459 
 
 
(ii) 
Daily 
Observation 
Early 
Redemption Event:  
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-paragraph of 
this paragraph)  
 
 
- Early Redemption Observation 
Period Closing:  
[Applicable: (a) [the/each/any] [Reference Item/Relevant 
Performance] and (b) [less than or equal to/greater than or 
equal to/less than/greater than] the Daily Observation Early 
Redemption Barrier Level]/[Not Applicable]  
 
 
- Early Redemption Observation 
Period Intra-Day:  
 
[Applicable: (a) [the/each/any] [Reference Item/Relevant 
Performance] and (b) [less than or equal to/greater than or 
equal to/less than/greater than] the Daily Observation Early 
Redemption Barrier Level]/[Not Applicable]  
 
 
 
- [Relevant Performance:  
[Applicable: [Asset Performance]/[Relevant Performance 
(Basket) 
- 
[Weighted 
Performance 
(Value/Initial)]/[Weighted 
Performance 
(Asset 
Return)]]/[Relevant 
Performance 
(Worst)]]/[Not 
Applicable]]  
 
 
- [Value(t):  
[Applicable: [Reference Item Closing Value/Reference 
Item Intra-Day Value]]/[Not Applicable]]  
 
 
- [Initial Value:  
[Initial Reference Item Closing Value/Initial Reference Item 
Intra-Day Value]]  
 
(iii) 
Daily 
Observation 
Early 
Redemption Barrier Level:  
[[●]/As set forth in the Reference Item Table in Annex A in 
the column entitled "Daily Observation Early Redemption 
Barrier Level" corresponding to the relevant Reference 
Item] [Not Applicable]  
 
(iv) 
Daily 
Observation 
Early 
Redemption Valuation Date:  
[Each Periodic Valuation Date/Each Periodic Pricing 
Date/[●] (specify date)]  
 
(v) 
Daily 
Observation 
Early 
Redemption 
Observation 
Period:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable, delete the 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph)  
 
 
- 
Daily 
Observation 
Early 
Redemption Observation Period 
Start Date:  
[In respect of [each/the] Daily Observation Early 
Redemption Valuation Date, [●] - [Included / Excluded]]  
 
 
- 
Daily 
Observation 
Early 
Redemption Observation Period 
End Date:  
[Each/The] Daily Observation Early Redemption Valuation 
Date  
- [Adjusted/Unadjusted]  
- [Included / Excluded]

--- Page 463 ---
460 
 
 
 
- Observation Date (Closing 
Valuation):  
[Applicable, as specified in the [: [(i)]] Condition 8 [in 
respect of [each/the] Equity] [and]/[(ii)] Condition 7 [in 
respect of [each/the] Index] [and]/[(iii)] Condition 6 [in 
respect of [each/the] Commodity/Commodity Index] 
[and]/[(iv)] Condition 9 [in respect of [each/the] FX Rate] 
[and]/[(v)] Condition 10 [in respect of [each/the] Fund]] [Not 
Applicable] (If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)  
 
 
- Specified Observation 
Date 
(Closing 
Valuation):  
[Applicable: [●]]/[Not Applicable]  
 
 
- Observation Date (Intra-Day 
Valuation):  
[Applicable, as specified in the [: [(i)]] Condition 8 [in 
respect of [each/the] Equity] [and]/[(ii)] Condition 7 [in 
respect of [each/the] Index] [and]/[(iii)] Condition 6 [in 
respect of [each/the] Commodity/Commodity Index] 
[and]/[(iv)] Condition 9 [in respect of [each/the] FX Rate]] 
[Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph)  
 
 
- Specified Observation 
Date Intra-Day 
Valuation):  
[Applicable: [●]]/[Not Applicable]  
 
(vi) 
Daily 
Observation 
Early 
Redemption Date:  
[●] (specify date)/[As specified in Condition 28(d) 
 
(vii) 
Daily Observation Number of 
Days:  
[●]/[As specified in Condition 28(d) 
 
(viii) 
Early Redemption Amount:  
[●] (specify amount)  
 
Fast Autocall Early Redemption  
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph)  
 
Daily Observation Early Redemption  
 
 
(i) 
Daily 
Observation 
Early 
Redemption Reference Item(s): 
 
 
[[The/Each][Equity 
[and]/Index 
[and]/Commodity 
[and]/Commodity Index [and]/FX Rate [and]/Fund] as 
specified below in paragraph[s] [ ]]/[Each Reference Item 
specified as such in the Reference Item Table in Annex A 
in 
the 
column 
entitled 
"Reference 
Item 
Category"]/[[●](Specify each relevant Reference Item)]  
 
(ii) 
Daily 
Observation 
Early 
Redemption Event:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-paragraph of 
this paragraph)  
 
 
- Early Redemption Observation 
Period Closing: 
[Applicable: (a) the Relevant Performance and (b) [less 
than or equal to/greater than or equal to/less than/greater 
than] the Daily Observation Early Redemption Barrier 
Level][Not Applicable]

--- Page 464 ---
461 
 
 
 
- Early Redemption Observation 
Period Intra-Day:  
[Applicable: (a) the Relevant Performance and (b) [less 
than or equal to/greater than or equal to/less than/greater 
than] the Daily Observation Early Redemption Barrier 
Level]/[Not Applicable]  
 
 
- Relevant Performance:  
Applicable: [Asset Performance]/[Relevant Performance 
(Basket) 
- 
[Weighted 
Performance 
(Value/Initial)]/[Weighted 
Performance 
(Asset 
Return)]]/[Relevant Performance (Worst)]  
 
 
- Value(t):  
Applicable: [Reference Item Closing Value/Reference Item 
Intra-Day Value]  
 
 
- Initial Value:  
[Initial Reference Item Closing Value/Initial Reference Item 
Intra-Day Value]  
 
(iii) 
Daily 
Observation 
Early 
Redemption Barrier Level:  
[[●]/As set forth in the Reference Item Table in Annex A in 
the column entitled "Daily Observation Early Redemption 
Barrier Level" corresponding to the relevant Reference 
Item] [Not Applicable]  
 
(iv) 
Daily 
Observation 
Early 
Redemption Valuation Date:  
[Each Periodic Valuation Date/Each Periodic Pricing 
Date/[●] (specify date)] [The Periodic Valuation Date(s) 
scheduled to fall on [●] [and [●]]/The Periodic Pricing 
Date(s) scheduled to fall on [●] [and [●]]  
 
(v) 
Daily 
Observation 
Early 
Redemption 
Observation 
Period:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable, delete the 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph)  
 
 
- 
Daily 
Observation 
Early 
Redemption Observation Period 
Start Date:  
[In respect of [each/the] Daily Observation Early 
Redemption Valuation Date, [●] - [Included / Excluded]]  
 
 
- 
Daily 
Observation 
Early 
Redemption Observation Period 
End Date:  
[Each/The] Daily Observation Early Redemption Valuation 
Date  
- [Adjusted/Unadjusted]  
- [Included / Excluded]  
 
 
- Observation Date (Closing 
Valuation):  
[Applicable, as specified in Condition [6] [in respect of 
[each/the] Commodity/Commodity Index], [and]/  [7] [in 
respect of [each/the] Index], [and]/ [8] [in respect of 
[each/the] Equity [and]/ [9] [in respect of [each/the] FX 
Rate], [and]/ [10] [in respect of [each/the] Fund]] [Not 
Applicable] (If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)] 
 
 
-Specified Observation 
Date 
(Closing 
Valuation):  
[Applicable: [●]]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 465 ---
462 
 
 
 
- Observation Date (Intra-Day 
Valuation):  
[Applicable, as specified in the [: [(i)]] Condition 8 [in 
respect of [each/the] Equity] [and]/[(ii)] Condition 7 [in 
respect of [each/the] Index] [and]/[(iii)] Condition 6 [in 
respect of [each/the] Commodity/Commodity Index] 
[and]/[(iv)] Condition 9 [in respect of [each/the] FX Rate]] 
[Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph)  
 
 
- Specified Observation 
Date (Intra-Day 
Valuation):  
[Applicable: [●]]/[Not Applicable]  
 
 
(vi) 
Daily 
Observation 
Early 
Redemption Date:  
[●] (specify date)/[As specified in Condition 28(d)] 
 
(vii) 
Daily Observation Number of 
Days:  
[●] (specify date)/[As specified in Condition 28(d)] 
 
(viii) 
Early Redemption Amount:  
[●] (specify amount) 
 
[Insert additional/other provisions as 
necessary 
 
[Early Redemption Amount: 
Early Redemption Amount(s) of each 
Note for which the Belgian Securities 
Annex applies: payable on redemption 
for taxation reasons[, TLAC 
Disqualification Event Call Option] or 
illegality or other early redemption in 
accordance with the Conditions and/or 
the method of calculating the same 
Use where the Belgian Securities Annex 
applies 
[Market Value 1][,including accrued interest] 
[Market Value 2][,including accrued interest] 
[Highest Value (Structured)] 
[Highest Value (Vanilla)] 
[Protected Principal Amount][,including accrued interest] 
[an amount per Note of Calculation Amount] [,including 
accrued interest] 
(i)  
Monetisation Option 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] [select only for structured 
Notes to which the Belgian Securities Annex applies, and 
“Market Value 2” applies as Early Redemption Amount.] 
Early Redemption Amount(s) of each 
Note for which the Belgian Securities 
Annex applies: payable on event of 
default 
[[●] per Calculation Amount/specify other/see Appendix] 
[(Consider including the wording below in the case of 
Index Linked Notes, Equity Linked Notes, Commodity 
Linked, Notes, FX Linked Notes, Fund Linked Notes and 
Inflation Linked : 
[Market Value less Associated Costs] per Calculation 
Amount: With respect to each Calculation Amount, such 
amount(s) determined by the Calculation Agent which 
shall represent the fair market value of such Calculation 
Amount on the date of redemption, including accrued 
interest (if any), adjusted to account fully for any losses, 
expenses and costs to the Issuer (or any of its Affiliates) 
of unwinding any underlying or related hedging and 
funding arrangements, all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion.]  
PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE TYPE OF NOTES

--- Page 466 ---
463 
 
29. 
Commodity Linked Notes:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Commodity/Basket of 
Commodities/Commodity Index: 
[Basket of Commodities/Single Commodity]  
[[Insert 
type 
of 
Commodity]/The 
[Commodity 
is/Commodities are] as specified in the Table above]  
[The Commodity is a [Bullion Commodity / Commodity 
Index]]/[[The/Each] Commodity is a Bullion Commodity 
[and/or a Commodity Index] if so specified in the Table 
above]  
[if a Basket of Commodities, include relevant weighting of 
each Commodity in the Basket] 
[Wi, the weighting, for each Commodity is as specified in 
[in the Reference Item Table in Annex A] 
[The Sponsor(s) of the Commodity Index is/are [ ] ] 
[As set forth in the Reference Item Table in Annex A]] 
 
(ii) 
Initial Price: 
[ ] 
 
(iii) 
Commodity Reference Price: 
[ ] 
 
 
Alternative Commodity 
Reference Price: 
[specify/Not Applicable/As specified in the in the 
Reference Item Table in Annex A] 
 
(iv) 
Specified Price: 
[high 
price][low 
price][average 
of 
high 
and 
low 
prices][closing price][opening price][bid price][asked 
price][average of bid and asked prices][settlement 
price][official settlement price][official price][morning 
fixing][afternoon fixing][spot price][other] [insert time, if 
applicable] [As specified in the Reference Item Table in 
Annex A] 
 
(v) 
Delivery Date: 
[date] [month and year] [[First/Second/Third/other] 
Nearby Month] [specify method] [As specified in in the 
Reference Item Table in Annex A] [Not Applicable] 
 
(vi) 
Unit: 
[[ ]/As specified in the Reference Item Table in Annex A] 
 
(vii) 
Price Source: 
[[ ]/As specified in the Reference Item Table in Annex A] 
 
(viii) 
Exchange: 
[[ ]/As specified in the Reference Item Table in Annex A] 
 
(ix) 
Commodity Business Day 
Convention in respect of each 
Valuation Date 
[Following / Modified Following / Modified / Nearest / 
Preceding] 
 
(x) 
Common Pricing: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(xi) 
Option Pricing: 
[Applicable in respect of [[the/each] Valuation Date] / 
[[the/each] Initial Valuation Date ] [and] [[the/each] Final 
Valuation Date] [and] [each Initial Averaging Date] [and] 
[each Final Averaging Date] [and] [each Periodic 
Valuation Date] [and] [each Autocall Valuation Date] [and] 
[each Valuation Period Date]] [Not Applicable]

--- Page 467 ---
464 
 
 
(xii) 
Market Disruption Event(s): 
[The following Market Disruption Events apply to the 
Notes: 
[Disappearance of Commodity Reference Price] 
[Material Change in Content] 
[Material Change in Formula] 
[Price Source Disruption: specify Price Materiality 
Percentage at item (xvi) below (if applicable)] 
[Tax Disruption] 
[Trading Disruption: specify any additional 
futures/options contract or commodity]  
Condition 6(b)(ii) (Deemed Market Disruption Events) 
applies]  
(NB: if Reference Item Condition 6(b)(ii) (Deemed Market 
Disruption Events) applies, the Market Disruption Events 
specified in that Reference Item Condition will apply – this 
does NOT include Tax Disruption) 
 
(xiii) 
Disruption Fallback(s):  
[The following Disruption Fallbacks apply to the Notes (in 
the following order): 
[Calculation Agent Determination] 
[Cancellation] 
[Delayed 
Publication 
or 
Announcement: 
specify 
Maximum Days of Disruption at item 29(xv) below] 
[Fallback Reference Dealers: specify Reference Dealers 
at item 29(xiv) below] 
[Fallback Reference Price: specify alternate Commodity 
Reference Price at item 29(iii)] 
[Postponement: specify Maximum Days of Disruption at 
item 29(xv) below]] 
(NB: Must be specified in the order in which they apply) 
[Condition 
6(b)(v) 
(Deemed 
Disruption 
Fallbacks) 
applies] 
(NB: If Condition 6(b)(v) (Deemed Disruption Fallbacks) 
applies, the Disruption Fallbacks specified in that 
Reference Item Condition will apply)

--- Page 468 ---
465 
 
 
(xiv) 
Reference Dealers: 
[Specify four dealers/Not Applicable] 
(For Bullion Commodities specify the principal London 
office of dealers that are members of the London Bullion 
Market Association) 
(N.B. Only applicable where Commodity Reference 
Dealers is specified as the Commodity Reference Price 
or Fallback Reference Dealers is specified as a 
Disruption Fallback) 
 
(xv) 
Maximum Days of Disruption: 
[[ ]/ Condition 6(d) (Definitions) applies/Not Applicable]  
(N.B. Only applicable where Delayed Publication or 
Announcement or Postponement are specified as a 
Disruption Fallback) 
 
(xvi) 
Price Materiality Percentage: 
[[ ]/Not Applicable]  
(N.B. Only relevant for Price Source Disruption, if 
applicable) 
 
(xvii) 
Correction of Commodity 
Reference Prices: 
Correction of Commodity Reference Prices [applies/does 
not apply and any relevant amount shall be calculated 
without regard to any subsequently published correction] 
 
(xviii) 
Relevant provisions for 
determining Final Redemption 
Amount and/or assets 
deliverable: 
[●] 
(If Correction of Commodity Reference Prices does not 
apply, delete the following sub paragraph) 
 
 
Calculation Agent responsible 
for making calculations: 
[●] 
 
 
[Correction Cut-Off Date: 
[In relation to a Relevant Determination Date, [ ] Business 
Days after such Relevant Determination Date]] 
 
(xix) 
Additional Disruption Event: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]  
[The following Additional Disruption Events apply to the 
Notes: 
[Change in Law] 
[Hedging Disruption] 
[Increased Cost of Hedging] 
 
(xx) 
Other terms or special 
conditions: 
[●] 
30. 
Index Linked Notes:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph)

--- Page 469 ---
466 
 
 
(i) 
Whether the Notes relate to a 
basket of indices or a single 
index, the identity of the 
relevant Index/Indices and 
details of Index Sponsor(s): 
[Basket of Indices/Single Index] 
[As set forth in the Reference Item Table in Annex A] 
[Give or annex details. If a Basket of Indices, include 
relevant weightings of each index in the Basket of Indices]  
[The Index is a Designated Multi-Exchange Index] 
 
(ii) 
Relevant provisions for 
determining the Final 
Redemption Amount: 
[●] 
 
(iii) 
Calculation Agent responsible 
for making calculations 
pursuant to Condition 7: 
[●] 
 
(iv) 
Exchange(s):   
[●] 
 
(v) 
Related Exchange(s): 
[[●] /All Exchanges] 
 
(vi) 
Redemption Amount: 
[[●] per Calculation Amount/ Not Applicable] 
[If not applicable: Call Index Linked Notes/Put Index 
Linked Notes] 
 
(vii) 
Valuation Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(viii) 
Valuation Time: 
[Condition 7(c) applies/other] 
 
(ix) 
Strike Price: 
[●] 
 
(x) 
Multiplier for each Index 
comprising the basket: 
[Insert details/Not Applicable] 
 
(xi) 
Correction of Index Levels: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [If Applicable: The Reference 
Price shall be calculated without regard to any 
subsequently published correction]. 
(If Correction of Index Levels does not apply, delete the 
following sub paragraph (xii)) 
 
(xii) 
Correction Cut-Off Date: 
[●] Business Days prior to the Maturity Date 
 
(xiii) 
Additional Disruption Events: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
[The following Additional Disruption Events apply to the 
Notes: 
[Change in Law] 
[Hedging Disruption] [this should not be elected for 
Notes to which the Belgian Securities Annex applies] 
[Increased Cost of Hedging] [this should not be elected 
for Notes to which the Belgian Securities Annex applies]] 
 
(xiv) 
Other terms or special 
conditions: 
[●] 
31. 
Equity Linked Notes:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub paragraphs of 
this paragraph)

--- Page 470 ---
467 
 
 
(i) 
Whether the Notes relate to a 
basket of equity securities or a 
single equity security, and the 
identity of the relevant issuer(s) 
of the Underlying 
Equity/Equities): 
[Basket of Underlying Equities/Single Underlying Equity] 
[As set forth in the Reference Item Table in Annex A]  
[ISIN: [●]] 
[Bloomberg Code: [●]] 
[Give or annex details, including ISIN or other applicable 
identification code for each equity security. If a Basket of 
Equities, include relevant weightings of each equity in the 
basket of equities.  Note underlying equities are to be 
listed equities only.] 
 
(ii) 
Calculation Agent responsible 
for making calculations 
pursuant to Condition 8: 
[●] 
 
(iii) 
Exchange(s):   
[●] 
 
(iv) 
Related Exchange(s): 
[[●]/All Exchanges] 
 
(v) 
Potential Adjustment Events:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(vi) 
De-listing:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(vii) 
Merger Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(viii) 
Nationalization: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(ix) 
Insolvency: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(x) 
Tender Offer: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(xi) 
Redemption Amount: 
[[●] per Calculation Amount/ Not Applicable/Early 
Redemption Amount] 
[If not applicable: Call Equity Linked Notes/Put Equity 
Linked Notes] 
 
(xii) 
Valuation Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(xiii) 
Valuation Time: 
[Condition 8(e) applies/other] 
 
(xiv) 
Strike Price: 
[●] 
 
(xv) 
Exchange Rate: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[Insert details] 
 
(xvi) 
Multiplier for each Underlying 
Equity comprising the basket 
(which is subject to adjustment 
as set out in Condition 8(b)): 
[Insert details/Not Applicable] 
 
(xvii) 
Correction of Share Prices: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If Applicable: The Reference 
Price shall be calculated without regard to any 
subsequently published correction] 
(If Correction of Share Prices does not apply, delete the 
following sub paragraph) 
 
(xviii) 
Correction Cut-Off Date: 
[●] Business Days prior to the Maturity Date

--- Page 471 ---
468 
 
 
(xix) 
Additional Disruption Events: 
[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
 
 
[The following Additional Disruption Events apply to the 
Notes: 
[Change in Law] 
[Hedging Disruption] [this should not be elected for 
Notes to which the Belgian Securities Annex applies] 
[Increased Cost of Hedging] [this should not be elected 
for Notes to which the Belgian Securities Annex applies] 
[Increased Cost of Stock Borrow] [this should not be 
elected for Notes to which the Belgian Securities Annex 
applies] 
[Insolvency Filing] [this should not be elected for Notes to 
which the Belgian Securities Annex applies] 
 
 
 
[Loss of Stock Borrow] [this should not be elected for 
Notes to which the Belgian Securities Annex applies] 
[The Maximum Stock Loan Rate in respect of [specify in 
relation to each Underlying Equity] is [ ]. 
(NB: Only applicable if Loss of Stock Borrow is 
applicable) 
[The Initial Stock Loan rate in respect of [specify in 
relation to each Underlying Equity]] 
(NB: Only applicable if Increased Cost of Stock Borrow is 
applicable) 
 
(xx) 
Other terms or special 
conditions: 
[●]  
32. 
FX Linked Notes: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Base Currency: 
[●]  
 
(ii) 
Subject Currency: 
[●] 
 
(iii) 
Currency Price: 
[As specified in the FX Linked Conditions] 
[specify other] 
 
(iv) 
FX Market Disruption Event(s): 
(N.B. Only complete if Inconvertibility Event/Price 
Materiality Event/Non-Transferability Event and/or other 
disruption events should be included as FX Market 
Disruption Events) 
 
 
(a) 
Inconvertibility Event: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
(b) 
Price Materiality Event: 
[Applicable.  Price Materiality Percentage: [●]] 
[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(c) 
Non-Transferability 
Event: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
(d) 
Other 
[●]

--- Page 472 ---
469 
 
 
(v) 
Disruption Fallbacks: 
(Specify the applicable Disruption Fallbacks in the order 
that they will apply) 
 
 
 
[Calculation Agent Determination] 
[Currency-Reference Dealers 
Reference Dealers: [four] [specify other] 
[EM Fallback Valuation Postponement] 
[EM Valuation Postponement] 
[Fallback Reference Price Fallback Reference Price: [●]] 
[Other Published Sources] 
[Postponement Maximum Days of Postponement: [●]] 
[Other] 
 
(vi) 
FX Price Source(s): 
[●] 
 
(vii) 
Specified Financial Centre(s) 
[●] 
 
(viii) 
Averaging: 
[Applicable.  The Averaging Dates are [●]] [Not 
Applicable] 
 
(ix) 
Valuation Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(x) 
Valuation Time: 
[●] 
 
(xi) 
Weighting: 
[Not Applicable] [The weighting to be applied to each item 
comprising the Basket to ascertain the Currency Price is 
[●]] (N.B. Only applicable in relation to FX Linked Notes 
relating to a Basket) 
 
(xii) 
EM Currency Provisions: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
(xiii) 
(a) 
Unscheduled Holiday: 
[Applicable.  Maximum Days of Deferral: [●]] [Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
(b) 
EM Valuation 
Postponement 
[Applicable. 
 
Maximum 
Days 
of 
EM 
Valuation 
Postponement: [●]] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
(c) 
EM Fallback Valuation 
Postponement 
[Applicable.  Fallback Maximum Period of Postponement: 
[As specified in the FX Linked Conditions] [specify other] 
[Not Applicable]] 
 
 
(d) 
Cumulative Events: 
[Applicable. Maximum Days of Cumulative 
Postponement: [As specified in the FX Linked 
Conditions] [specify other] [Not Applicable] 
 
(xiv) 
Successor Currency: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
[Issue Date/other] 
 
(xv) 
Rebasing: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
(xvi) 
Additional Disruption Events: 
[Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
[The following Additional Disruption Events apply to the 
Notes: 
[Change in Law] 
[Hedging Disruption] [this should not be elected for 
Notes to which the Belgian Securities Annex applies] 
[Increased Cost of Hedging] [this should not be elected 
for Notes to which the Belgian Securities Annex applies]]

--- Page 473 ---
470 
 
 
(xvii) 
Other terms or special 
conditions: 
[●] 
33. 
Fund Linked Conditions: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Fund/Basket of Funds: 
[●]  
[As set forth in the Reference Item Table in Annex A] 
[ISIN: [●]] 
[Bloomberg Code(s): [●]]  
[Include ISIN or other applicable identification code for 
underlying Fund(s)] 
 
 
 
[[The [●] Fund is an ETF] 
 
 
 
[Exchange for each Fund Share: [●]] 
 
 
 
[Related Exchange for each Fund Share: [●] [All 
Exchanges]] 
 
 
 
[Underlying Index: [●]] 
 
 
 
(N.B. Include for Exchange Traded Funds (ETFs)) 
 
(ii) 
Fund Interest(s): 
[●] 
 
(iii) 
Fund Performance: 
[●] [As specified in the Fund Linked Conditions] 
 
(iv) 
Weighting: 
[Not Applicable] [The weighting to be applied to each 
Fund comprising the Basket of Funds is [●]] (N.B. only 
applicable in relation to Fund Linked Notes relating to a 
Basket of Funds) 
 
(v) 
Barrier Event (intraday): 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
Barrier Event Determination 
Day: 
[As specified in the Fund Linked Conditions][other] 
 
(vi) 
Barrier Event (closing): 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
Barrier Event Determination 
Day: 
[Valuation Date] 
 
 
 
[In respect of [the] [each] Fund Share, each Scheduled 
Trading Day for such Fund Share during an Observation 
Period that is not a Disrupted Day for such Fund Share] 
 
 
 
[Each Common Scheduled Trading Day that is not a 
Disrupted Day for any Fund in the Basket of Funds during 
[the] [each] Observation Period] 
 
(vii) 
Barrier Level: 
[●][Not Applicable] 
 
(viii) 
Averaging: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
(a) 
Averaging Dates: 
[insert dates] 
 
 
(b) 
Omission: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] (N.B. May only be applicable 
in relation to Exchange Traded Funds (ETFs))

--- Page 474 ---
471 
 
 
 
(c) 
Postponement 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] (N.B. May only be applicable 
in relation to Exchange Traded Funds (ETFs)) 
 
 
(d) 
Modified Postponement: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] (N.B. May only be applicable 
in relation to Exchange Traded Funds (ETFs)) 
 
(ix) 
Valuation Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(x) 
Valuation Time: 
[As specified in the Fund Linked Conditions] [specify 
other] (N.B. May only be applicable in relation to 
Exchange Traded Funds (ETFs)) 
 
(xi) 
Observation Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(xii) 
Observation Period: 
[Applicable: [Extension] [No Extension]] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
(a) 
Observation Period Start 
Date 
[[●] ([Including] [Excluding])] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
(b) 
Observation Period End 
Date: 
[[●] ([Including] [Excluding])] [Not Applicable] 
 
(xii) 
Common Scheduled Trading 
Days: 
[Applicable.  [Common] [Individual] Disrupted Days will 
apply] (N.B. If Common Scheduled Trading Days are 
applicable, either Common or Individual Disrupted Days 
must be specified) [Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
(N.B. May only be applicable in relation to Fund Linked 
Notes relating to a Basket) 
 
(xiv) 
Additional Disruption Events: 
[Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
[The following Additional Disruption Events apply to the 
Notes: 
[Change in Law] 
[Hedging Disruption] [this should not be elected for 
Notes to which the Belgian Securities Annex applies] 
[Increased Cost of Hedging] [this should not be elected 
for Notes to which the Belgian Securities Annex applies]] 
 
(xv) 
Initial  Price: 
[insert if not the Fund Share Closing Price of such Fund 
Share on the Strike Date or Pricing Date (as applicable) 
per the Conditions][Not Applicable] 
 
(xvi) 
Other terms or special 
conditions: 
[Merger Event: Merger Date on or before the Valuation 
Date] [other]] 
34. 
Inflation Linked Notes: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Inflation Index/Basket of 
Inflation Indices/Inflation 
Index Sponsor(s): 
[●] 
Inflation Index Sponsor : [●]

--- Page 475 ---
472 
 
 
(ii) 
Related Bond: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
The Related Bond is: [●] [Fallback Bond] 
 
[Fallback Bond: [Applicable] [Not Applicable]] 
The End Date is: [●] 
 
(iii) 
Determination Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(iv) 
Cut-Off Date: 
[●] 
 
(v) 
Other terms or special 
conditions: 
[●] 
35. 
Preference Share Linked Notes: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Preference Share Issuer: 
[●] A description of the Preference Share Issuer is 
contained in Annex A hereto 
 
(ii) 
Preference Share: 
[●] 
 
(iii) 
Calculation Agent responsible 
for making calculations: 
[●] 
 
(iv) 
Provisions for determining Final 
Redemption Amount: 
[The Final Redemption Amount in respect of each Note is 
an amount in the Specified Currency calculated by the 
Calculation Agent equal to:  
 
 
 
Preference Share Valuefinal 
Calculation Amount   x Preference Share Valueinitial 
 Where: 
“Preference Share Valuefinal” means the Preference 
Share Value on the Final Valuation Date; and  
“Preference Share Valueinitial” means the Preference 
Share Value on the Initial Valuation Date.] 
 
(v) 
Final Valuation Date: 
[●] 
 
(vi) 
Valuation Time: 
 [●] [London time] 
 
(vii) 
Extraordinary Events: 
[As per Condition 12/insert other extraordinary events] 
 
(viii) 
Additional Disruption Events: 
[The following Additional Disruption Events apply to the 
Notes: 
[Change in Law] 
[Hedging Disruption] [this should not be elected for 
Notes to which the Belgian Securities Annex applies] 
[Insolvency Filing] 
[Increased Cost of Hedging] [this should not be elected 
for Notes to which the Belgian Securities Annex applies] 
[ other]]

--- Page 476 ---
473 
 
36. 
Dual Currency Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Rate of Exchange/method of 
calculating Rate of Exchange: 
[give details] 
 
(ii) 
Party, if any, responsible for 
calculating the principal and/or 
interest due: 
[●] 
 
(iii) 
Provisions applicable where 
calculation by reference to Rate 
of Exchange impossible or 
impracticable: 
[●] 
 
(iv) 
Person at whose option 
Specified Currency(ies) is/are 
payable: 
[●] 
37. 
Other variable-linked interest Note 
Provisions:  
[●] 
38. 
Physical Delivery Notes: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
[Cash Settlement] [Physical Delivery] [Cash Settlement 
and/or Physical Delivery] (If Cash Settlement and/or 
Physical Delivery specified, specify details for 
determining in what circumstances Cash Settlement or 
Physical Delivery will apply) 
[The provisions of Condition 14 shall apply.] 
 
(i) 
Relevant Asset(s): 
[●] 
[In case of physical delivery of listed underlying equities 
include the following: 
Share Rights: [●]] 
 
(ii) 
Asset Amount: 
[●] 
 
(iii) 
Cut-Off Date: 
[●] 
 
(iv) 
Failure to Deliver due to 
Illiquidity: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(v) 
Delivery provisions for Asset 
Amount (including place of 
delivery) if different from 
Condition 14: 
[●] 
 
(vi) 
Settlement Business Day: 
[●] 
 
(vii) 
Issuer’s option to vary 
Settlement: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(viii) 
Other terms or special 
conditions: 
[●]

--- Page 477 ---
474 
 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
39. Form of Notes: 
[Bearer Notes/ Exchangeable Bearer Notes:] 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a permanent 
Global Note which is exchangeable for definitive Notes 
on [●] days’ notice6/in the limited circumstances 
specified in the permanent Global Note] [and/or 
Registered Notes] 
 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for definitive 
Notes on [●] days’ notice6] [and/or Registered Notes] 
 
 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for definitive 
Notes on [●] days’ notice6/in the limited circumstances 
specified in the permanent Global Note] [and/or 
Registered Notes] 
[If paragraph 7(i) provides for a Specified Denomination 
and higher integral multiples, the option to exchange 
into definitive Notes on [⚫] days’ notice/at any time 
must be disapplied] 
 
 
[Registered Notes] 
 
 
[Restricted/Unrestricted] 
Global 
Registered 
Note 
registered in the name of a nominee for [a common 
depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
/ a nominee of DTC] 
 
 
[Definitive N Registered Notes issued to each Holder by 
Definitive N Registered Notes Deed.  Specified office of 
Issuer for notification of transfers of Definitive N 
Registered Notes: [Frankfurt office, [address]/[other].] 
 
 
Exclusion of set-off: [Not Applicable/give details] 
(applicable to Definitive N Registered Notes only) 
 
6 Consider FATCA implications and other tax implications before allowing conversion of global Notes to definitive 
Notes.

--- Page 478 ---
475 
 
 
 
[See Condition 27.  If set-off is excluded for the purpose 
of Definitive N Registered Notes to be issued to 
German insurers, insert: “Counterclaims. As long as, 
and to the extent that, this Definitive N Registered Note 
forms part of the restricted assets (gebundenes 
Vermögen) within the meaning of Section 54 (3) of the 
German Act Concerning the Supervision of Insurance 
Companies (Gesetz űber die Beaufsichtigung der 
Versicherungsunternehmen), 
as 
amended, 
in 
conjunction with the German Regulation Concerning 
the Investment of the Restricted Assets of Insurance 
Companies 
(Verordnung 
űber 
die 
Anlage 
des 
gebundenen 
Vermögens 
von 
Versicherungsunternehmen), as amended, the Issuer 
waives (also in the event of insolvency of the holder of 
the Definitive N Registered Note or in the event that 
insolvency proceedings or similar proceedings are 
instituted against the holder of the Definitive N 
Registered Note) any right of set-off, combination or 
consolidation as well as any right to exercise any 
pledges, rights of retention and other rights which could 
affect the rights under the Definitive N Registered 
Note.”] 
40. New Global Note/New Safekeeping 
Structure: 
[Yes/No] 
41. Financial Centre(s) or other special 
provisions relating to payment dates: 
 
[Not Applicable/give details.] 
(Note that this paragraph relates to the date and place 
of payment, and not interest period end dates, to which 
paragraph 12 relates) 
42. Talons for future Coupons or Receipts to 
be attached to Definitive Notes (and dates 
on which such Talons mature): 
[Yes/No.] (If yes, give details) 
43. Details relating to Partly Paid Notes: 
amount of each payment comprising the 
Issue Price and date on which each 
payment is to be made and consequences 
(if any) of failure to pay, including any right 
of the Issuer to forfeit the Notes and 
interest due on late payment: 
[Not Applicable] (give details) 
44. Details relating to Instalment Notes:  
[Not Applicable] 
 
(a) Instalment Amount(s): 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
(b) Instalment Date(s): 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
45. Redenomination, renominalisation, and 
reconventioning provisions: 
[Not Applicable/The provisions annexed to this Pricing 
Supplement apply] 
46. Consolidation provisions: 
[Not Applicable/The provisions annexed to this Pricing 
Supplement apply] 
47. Governing Law and Jurisdiction: 
[Ontario Law/English law/German law] [Each Holder or 
beneficial owner of any Bail-inable Notes attorns to the 
jurisdiction of the courts in the Province of Ontario with 
respect to the operation of the CDIC Act]

--- Page 479 ---
476 
 
48. Other Terms: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
(Specify if Condition 15(e) (Unavailability of Currency) 
is not applicable)  
49. Additional steps that may only be taken 
following approval by an Extraordinary 
Resolution in accordance with Condition 
19(a): 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
50. Belgian Securities Annex: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [If Not Applicable ensure 
Prohibition of Sales to Belgian Consumers in Part B is 
Applicable] 
 
PURPOSE OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT  
This Pricing Supplement comprises the final terms required for issue [and admission to trading on the 
Euro MTF and admission to the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange] of the Notes 
described herein pursuant to the US$7,500,000,000 Note Issuance Programme of Canadian Imperial 
Bank of Commerce. 
RESPONSIBILITY 
[[Subject as provided below,] the Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this 
Pricing Supplement.] [(Relevant third party information7) has been extracted from [specify source]. The 
Issuer confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced [and that, so far as it is aware, 
and is able to ascertain from information published by [●], no facts have been omitted which would 
render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.][The Issuer accepts responsibility for the 
accuracy of such extraction but accepts no further or other responsibility in respect of such 
information.]  
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
 
By: 
............................................ 
Duly authorized 
 
 
 
 
7 For Preference Share Linked Notes, include information on the Preference Share Issuer (if other than the issuer 
described in the Prospectus) in an annex.

--- Page 480 ---
477 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
 
[Application [has been/will be] made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to 
trading on the Euro MTF and listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange [with 
effect from [●]].]   
[Application is expected to be made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to 
trading on the Euro MTF and listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange with 
effect from [●].] [Not Applicable.] 
Where documenting a fungible issue need to indicate that original securities are already admitted 
to trading: [Tranche[s] [ ] of the Notes [is/are] already admitted to trading on the Euro MTF and 
listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange with effect from [ 
].] 
2. 
RATINGS 
 
 
Ratings: 
[The [short/long] term debt of the Issuer is rated:] 
The Notes [to be issued] have [been rated] [not been rated.]: 
[S&P USA: [●]] 
[Moody’s USA: [●]] 
[[Other]: [●]] 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating allocated to 
Notes of the type being issued under the Programme 
generally or, where the issue has been specifically rated, that 
rating.)  
[A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold the 
Notes and may be subject to suspension, change or 
withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency.] 
3. 
INFORMATION REGARDING UNDERLYING 
Information about the past and future performance of the [insert description of underlying] and its 
volatility can be obtained from [insert] 
4. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
(i) 
ISIN Code: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Common Code: 
[●] 
 
(iii) 
CFI 
[Not Applicable] [As set out on the website of the Association 
of National Number Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively 
sourced from the responsible National Numbering Agency 
that assigned the ISIN] 
 
(iv) 
FISN 
[Not Applicable] [As set out on the website of the Association 
of National Number Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively 
sourced from the responsible National Numbering Agency 
that assigned the ISIN]  
 
(iii) 
Any clearing system(s) 
other than Euroclear Bank 
SA/NV and Clearstream 
Banking S.A. and the 
[Not 
Applicable/give 
name(s) 
and 
number(s) 
[and 
address(es)]]

--- Page 481 ---
478 
 
relevant identification 
number(s): 
[The Depository Trust 
Company:] 
 
 
[CUSIP Number] 
 
(iv) 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
 
(v) 
Calculation Agent: 
[●][Canadian 
Imperial 
Bank 
of 
Commerce, 
London 
Branch][CIBC World Markets Corp.] [CIBC Capital Markets 
(Europe) S.A.] [CIBC World Markets Inc.] 
 
(vi) 
Paying Agent: 
[Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch] [Deutsche Bank 
Luxembourg S.A.][Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft] 
 
(vii) 
Names and addresses of 
additional Paying Agent(s) 
(if any): 
[●] 
 
(viii) 
Intended to be held in a 
manner which would allow 
Eurosystem eligibility: 
[Yes. Note that the designation “yes” simply means that the 
Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited with one of 
the ICSDs as common safekeeper and does not necessarily 
mean that the Notes will be recognized as eligible collateral 
for Eurosystem monetary policy and intraday credit 
operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or 
all times during their life.  Such recognition will depend upon 
the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria 
have been met.] [if “yes”, the Notes must be issued in NGN 
form] 
[No. While the designation is specified as “no” at the date of 
this Pricing Supplement, should the Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria be amended in the future such that the Notes are 
capable of meeting them the Notes may then be deposited 
with one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper [, and 
registered in the name of a nominee of one of the ICSDs 
acting as common safekeeper] [include this text for 
Registered Notes].  Note that this does not necessarily mean 
that the Notes will then be recognized as eligible collateral 
for Eurosystem monetary policy and intraday credit 
operations by the Eurosystem at any time during their 
life.  Such recognition will depend upon the ECB being 
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.] 
5. 
DISTRIBUTION 
(i) 
Method of Distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
(ii) 
If syndicated, names and 
addresses of Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
(iii) 
If non-syndicated, name of 
Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
(iv) 
Stabilizing Manager(s) (if 
any): 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
(v) 
US Selling Restrictions: 
[Reg. S Compliance Category 2] [Rule 144A eligible] 
(vi) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA 
Retail Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 482 ---
479 
 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” products, 
or the Notes may constitute “packaged” products and no key 
information document will be prepared, “Applicable” should 
be specified.) 
(vii) 
Prohibition of Sales to UK 
Retail Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” products, 
or the Notes may constitute “packaged” products and no key 
information document will be prepared, “Applicable” should 
be specified.) 
(viii) 
Prohibition of Sales to 
Belgian Consumers: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(ix)  
Applicable TEFRA 
exemption: 
[C Rules/D Rules/Excluded Issue] 
(x) 
Additional Selling 
Restrictions: 
[Not Applicable] [Add country-specific selling restrictions] 
6. 
GENERAL 
 
(i) 
The aggregate principal 
amount of Notes issued has 
been translated into U.S. 
dollars at the rate of [ ], 
producing a sum of: 
[Not Applicable/[US$][●]] 
 
(ii) 
Additional Tax 
Considerations: 
[●] (insert additional Canadian or US tax disclosure relevant 
to Reference Item Linked Notes) 
[Section 871(m) Internal Revenue Code [Applicable/Not 
Applicable]]

--- Page 483 ---
480 
 
REFERENCE ITEM TABLE44 
 
Referenc
e Item(s)  
[Referen
ce Item 
Categor
y]  
[Bloomberg 
/ ISIN]  
 
 
 
[Exchange(s)
/ Related 
Exchange(s)]  
 
 
[Type of FX 
Rate]  
[Reference 
Currency] 
[Base 
Currency]  
[Initial 
Value]  
 
 
[Coupon 
Barrier 
Level]  
 
 
[Barrier Event 
Strike/ Barrier 
Performance 
Strike] [High 
Barrier]  
 
 
[Knock-In 
Strike/ Knock-
In 
Performance 
Strike]  
 
 
[Early 
Redemption 
[Barrier]/ 
[Strike]]  
[Daily 
Observatio
n Early 
Redemptio
n Barrier 
Level]  
[Redemptio
n Barrier]  
[Number of 
Reference 
Items] [Fixing 
Price 
Sponsor]  
[Rounded 
Number of 
Reference Items] 
[FX Price 
Source]  
[FX Valuation 
Time]  
[Residual 
Amount] 
[FX 
Financial 
Centre]  
[W]  
[●] 
(Name of 
Issuer/ 
Share(s)/  
Fund(s) / 
Exchang
e Traded 
Fund(s) / 
Index(ice
s) / 
Commod
ity(ies) / 
Commod
ity 
Index(ice
s) / FX 
Rates/ 
Inflation 
Index)  
 
 
[Bloomberg 
Code: [●]; 
ISIN(s): [●]]  
 
[[Exchange(s
): [●] 
 
Related 
Exchange(s): 
[●]] 
[Base 
Currency/Ref
erence 
Currency 
Rate / Fixing 
Rate / Inverse 
Base 
Currency/Ref
erence 
Currency 
Rate] [For the 
purposes of 
the definition 
of FX Rate, 
the relevant 
exchange 
rate shall be 
the mid 
exchange 
rate]  
 
Reference 
Currency: [●]]  
[Base 
Currency: [●]] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
 
 
 
44 (*insert if required, in the case of Indices, additional columns "Type of Index" and "Index Sponsor(s)", in the case of Commodity 
Indices, additional columns "Commodity Index Sponsor(s)", and in any case, as required where there are two or more Reference 
Items

--- Page 484 ---
481 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
(1) 
It is expected that approval of this Prospectus for listing Notes issued under the 
Programme on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (the “Luxembourg Official 
List”) and admission of such Notes to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange will be granted on the Approval Date.  Any Tranche of Notes which is to be listed on 
the Luxembourg Official List and admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange will be admitted separately upon submission of the applicable Issue Terms 
and any other information required, subject only to the issue of a Global Note in respect of such 
Tranche.  Prior to official listing and admission to trading of a particular Tranche, however, 
dealings in Notes of such Tranche will be permitted by the Luxembourg Stock Exchange in 
accordance with its rules.  Prices of Notes listed on the Luxembourg Official List and admitted 
to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange will be expressed as a 
percentage of their nominal amount (exclusive of accrued interest).  Transactions will normally 
be effected for delivery on the third working day after the day of the transaction. 
(2) 
Application has been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes issued under 
the Programme to be admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s Euro MTF and 
to be listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange.  The Euro MTF is not a 
regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II.   
(3) 
Notes may be issued pursuant to the Programme which will not be admitted to trading 
on the Euro MTF or listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange or listed on 
any other stock exchange or which will be listed on such stock exchange as the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer(s) may agree. 
(4) 
The Issuer has obtained all necessary consents, approvals and authorizations in 
connection with the issue of the Notes. Notes issued under the Programme by CIBC are 
authorized by resolution of the board of directors dated May 21, 2019. 
(5) 
Since 31 January 2022, the last day of the financial period in respect of which the most 
recent comparative unaudited interim consolidated financial statements of the Issuer have been 
prepared, there has been no significant change in the financial performance or financial position 
of the Issuer and its subsidiaries taken as a whole. Since 31 October 2021, the date of the last 
published comparative audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer, there has been 
no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer and its subsidiaries taken as a whole. 
(6) 
Save as disclosed in Note 23 - "Contingent liabilities and provision” to the Audited 
Consolidated Financial Statements set out at pages 185-188 of the 2021 Annual Report as 
updated by Note 12 - “Contingent liabilities and provision” to the First Quarter 2022 Financial 
Statements set out on page 67 of the Issuer’s First Quarter Report, each incorporated herein 
by reference, there are no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such 
proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware) which may have, or 
have had in the twelve months preceding the date of this Prospectus, individually or in the 
aggregate, a significant effect on the financial position or profitability of the Issuer and its 
subsidiaries taken as a whole. 
(7) 
The independent auditor of the Issuer is E&Y who are Chartered Professional 
Accountants and Licensed Public Accountants and are subject to oversight by the Canadian 
Public Accountability Board and Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States).  
E&Y is also registered in the Register of Third Country Auditors maintained by the Financial 
Reporting Council in the United Kingdom in accordance with the European Commission 
Decision of 19 January 2011 (Decision 2011/30/EU).  E&Y is independent of the Issuer in the 
context and within the meaning of the CPA Code of Professional Conduct of the Chartered 
Professional Accountants of Ontario.  The address for E&Y is set out on the last page hereof.  
(8) 
The 2021 Audited Consolidated Financial Statements prepared in accordance with 
IFRS as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board, were audited in accordance 
with Canadian generally accepted auditing standards by E&Y.  E&Y expressed an unqualified 
opinion thereon in their report dated 1 December 2021.

--- Page 485 ---
482 
 
(9) 
Each Bearer Note, Receipt, Coupon and Talon will bear the following legend: “Any 
United States person who holds this obligation will be subject to limitations under the United 
States income tax laws, including the limitations provided in Sections 165(j) and 1287(a) of the 
Internal Revenue Code”. 
(10) 
In accordance with Article 21.2 of the Prospectus Regulation, copies of this Prospectus 
and each Supplement hereto (including all documents incorporated by reference herein or 
therein), together with copies of the latest annual report, annual consolidated financial 
statements and quarterly interim financial statements of the Issuer (i) can be viewed on the 
website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange at www.bourse.lu under the name of Canadian 
Imperial Bank 
of 
Commerce (ii) can be viewed 
on the Issuer's 
website at 
www.cibc.com/en/about-cibc/investor-relations/debt-information and (iii) may be obtained on 
written request and without charge from CIBC at the registered office of CIBC at 81 Bay Street, 
CIBC Square, Toronto, Ontario, Canada M5J 0E7, Attention: Investor Relations.  In addition, 
representatives of the Provincial and Territorial securities regulatory authorities of Canada have 
engaged a service provider to operate an Internet web site through which all of the documents 
incorporated herein by reference that CIBC files electronically, other than the Investor Reports, 
can be retrieved.  The address of the site is www.sedar.com.  Please note that information on 
the websites or URL's referred to herein does not form part of this Prospectus unless the 
information has been incorporated by reference into this Prospectus. 
(11) 
Not all Notes will be listed and the Issuer may, in certain circumstances, seek to delist 
Notes which are listed on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, the Euro 
MTF or another securities exchange or market provided that in such cases the Issuer will be 
required to use its reasonable endeavours to obtain and maintain a listing of such Notes on an 
alternative stock exchange or exchanges (which may be outside the European Union) as 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealers. These circumstances include any future 
law, rule of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange or any other securities exchange or any EU 
Directive imposing requirements (including new corporate governance requirements) on the 
Issuer or any of its affiliates that the Issuer in good faith determines are impractical or unduly 
burdensome in order to maintain the continued listing of any Notes issued under the 
Programme on the relevant exchange.   
(12) 
Information on the form of the Notes and the relevant clearing systems is set out in the 
sections entitled “Forms of Notes” at pages 274 to 279 and “Clearing and Settlement” at pages 
284 to 286. Notes have been accepted for clearance through the Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg systems.  In addition, the Issuer may make an application with respect to any Rule 
144A Notes to be accepted for clearance in book-entry form by DTC.  Acceptance by DTC of 
Rule 144A Notes will be confirmed in the applicable Issue Terms.  The Common Code, the 
International Securities Identification Number (ISIN) and (where applicable) the CUSIP number 
will be set out in the applicable Issue Terms.   
The address of Euroclear is 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels, Belgium.  
The address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is 42 Avenue JF Kennedy L-1855 Luxembourg. 
The address of DTC is 570 Washington Boulevard, Jersey City, NJ 07310, United States of 
America.   
The identification number for, and the address of, any alternative clearing system will be 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
(13) 
The issue price and the amount of the relevant Notes will be determined before filing 
of the applicable Issue Terms of each Tranche based on then prevailing market conditions.  
(14) 
The yield for any particular Tranche of Notes will be specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms and will be calculated on the basis of the compound annual rate of return if the relevant 
Notes were to be purchased at the Issue Price on the Issue Date and held to maturity. This is 
not an indication of future yield. The applicable Issue Terms in respect of any Floating Rate 
Notes will not include any indication of yield.

--- Page 486 ---
483 
 
(15) 
The Issuer will not provide any post-issuance information, unless required by any 
applicable laws and regulations. 
(16) 
The Issuer will not issue money market instruments (within the meaning of point 17 of 
Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU) having a maturity at issue of less than 12 months which 
will be offered to the public or admitted to trading on a regulated market under this Prospectus. 
(17) 
The Issuer will not issue Notes (other than Exempt Notes) that are linked to an index 
composed by the Issuer or any legal entity belonging to the same group or by a legal entity or 
a natural person acting in association with, or on behalf of, the Issuer.  
(18) 
So long as the Notes are listed on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange or on the Euro MTF market, copies of the following documents will, when published, 
be available free of charge from the specified office of the Issuer or each Agent: 
a. 
the Bank Act, which is the charter of the Issuer, and the by-laws of the Issuer; 
b. 
the Annual Information Form; 
c. 
the Annual Report; 
d. 
the First Quarter Report; 
e. 
the Agency Agreement; 
f. 
a copy of this Prospectus; 
g. 
the Deed of Covenant; and 
h. 
any future prospectuses, offering memoranda, information memoranda and 
supplements to this Prospectus (save that any Issue Terms relating to a Note 
which is not admitted to trading will only be available for inspection by a holder 
of such Note and such holder must produce evidence satisfactory to the Issuer 
and the relevant Agent as to its holding of Notes and identity) and any other 
documents incorporated herein or therein by reference. 
In addition, a copy of this Prospectus, each Issue Terms relating to the Notes which are 
admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange or the Euro 
MTF and the documents incorporated by reference herein will be published on the website of 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu). 
In addition, all of the documents that CIBC files electronically that are incorporated herein by 
reference, 
or 
deemed 
incorporated 
herein, 
can 
be 
retrieved 
on 
SEDAR 
at 
http://www.sedar.com.  
No websites constitute, and should not be deemed to constitute, a part of or be incorporated 
into this Prospectus.

--- Page 487 ---
484 
 
ISSUER 
Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce 
81 Bay St. 
Canada Square 
Toronto, Ontario 
Canada M5J 0E7 
 
FISCAL AGENT, PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT  
AND TRANSFER AGENT  
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch 
Winchester House 
1 Great Winchester Street 
London EC2N 2DB 
United Kingdom 
 
PAYING AGENTS,  
REGISTRARS AND TRANSFER AGENTS 
 
 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
60 Wall Street 
27th Floor 
MD-NYC60-2710 
New York, NY 10005 
United States 
Deutsche Bank Luxembourg S.A. 
2 boulevard Konrad Adenauer 
L1115 Luxembourg 
 
PAYING AGENT AND REGISTRAR 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Taunusanlage 12 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
 
CALCULATION AGENTS 
Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce, London 
Branch 
150 Cheapside   
London EC2V 6ET 
United Kingdom 
CIBC World Markets Corp. 
300 Madison Avenue 
5th Floor, New York, NY 
10017 USA 
CIBC Capital Markets (Europe) S.A.  
2C, rue Albert Borschette 
L-1246 Luxembourg 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 
CIBC World Markets Inc. 
161 Bay Street 
Toronto, Ontario 
Canada  M5J 2S8

--- Page 488 ---
485 
 
DEALERS 
CIBC World Markets Corp. 
300 Madison Avenue 
5th Floor, New York, NY 
10017 USA 
 
 
Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce, London 
Branch 
150 Cheapside   
London EC2V 6ET 
United Kingdom 
CIBC Capital Markets (Europe) S.A.  
2C, rue Albert Borschette 
L-1246 Luxembourg 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 
CIBC World Markets Inc. 
161 Bay Street 
Toronto, Ontario 
Canada  M5J 2S8 
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR TO THE ISSUER 
Ernst & Young LLP 
100 Adelaide Street West 
P.O. Box 1 
Ernst & Young Tower 
Toronto, Ontario 
Canada M5H 0B3 
 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS TO THE ISSUER  
AS TO CANADIAN AND ENGLISH LAW 
AS TO UNITED STATES LAW 
McCarthy Tétrault 
18th Floor  
1 Angel Court 
London EC2R 7HJ  
United Kingdom 
Mayer Brown LLP  
71 South Wacker Drive 
Chicago, Illinois 60606 
United States 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS TO THE DEALERS 
AS TO CANADIAN LAW 
AS TO ENGLISH LAW 
Stikeman Elliott (London) LLP 
36 Cornhill 
London EC3V 3NG 
United Kingdom 
Clifford Chance LLP 
10 Upper Bank Street 
London  E14 5JJ 
United Kingdom