--- Page 1 ---
Carlsberg Breweries A/S
(incorporated with limited liability in the Kingdom of Denmark)
€5,000,000,000
Euro Medium Term Note Programme
Under the Euro Medium Term Note Programme described in this Base Prospectus (the “Programme”), Carlsberg Breweries A/S (the “Issuer”), subject to compliance with all relevant 
laws, regulations and directives, may from time to time issue Euro Medium Term Notes (the “Notes”). The aggregate nominal amount of Notes outstanding will not at any time 
exceed €5,000,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies).
The Base Prospectus has been approved by the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier (the “CSSF”) in its capacity as competent authority under the Luxembourg Law
dated 16 July 2019 relating to prospectuses for securities (as amended, the “Luxembourg Prospectus Law”) and Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended, the “Prospectus 
Regulation”) for the approval of this Base Prospectus as a base prospectus in accordance with Article 20 of the Prospectus Regulation. By approving this Base Prospectus, the CSSF 
assumes no responsibility for the economic and financial soundness of the transactions contemplated by this Base Prospectus or the quality or solvency of the Issuer in accordance 
with the Luxembourg Prospectus Law. This Base Prospectus has been drawn up in accordance with Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation and the CSSF only approves this Base 
Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an 
endorsement of the Issuer or of the quality of the Notes that are the subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the 
Notes. Pursuant to the Luxembourg Prospectus Law, the CSSF is not competent to approve prospectuses for the offering to the public or for the admission to trading on regulated 
markets of money market instruments having a maturity at issue of less than 12 months.
Application has also been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for the Notes issued under the Programme to be admitted to the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(the “Official List”) and to be admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market. References in this Base Prospectus to Notes being “listed” (and all related 
references) shall mean that such Notes have been admitted to the Official List and admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market. The Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange’s regulated market is a regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”) of the European Parliament and of the Council on markets in 
financial instruments. However, unlisted Notes may be issued pursuant to the Programme. The relevant Final Terms in respect of the issue of any Notes will specify whether or not 
such Notes will be listed on the Official List and admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market (or any other stock exchange).
The CSSF assumes no responsibility for the economic and financial soundness of the transactions contemplated by this Base Prospectus or the quality or solvency of the 
Issuer in accordance with Article 6(4) of the Luxembourg Prospectus Law. Each Series (as defined in “General Description of the Programme - Method of Issue”) of Notes in 
bearer form will be represented on issue by a temporary global note in bearer form (each a “temporary Global Note”) or a permanent global note in bearer form (each a “permanent
Global Note” and together with a temporary Global Note, “Global Notes”). If the Global Notes are stated in the applicable Final Terms to be issued in new global note (“NGN”) form, 
the Global Notes will be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the relevant Tranche to a common safekeeper (the “Common Safekeeper”) for Euroclear Bank SA/NV 
(“Euroclear”) and Clearstream Banking S.A. (“Clearstream, Luxembourg”). Notes in registered form will be represented by registered certificates (each a “Certificate”), one 
Certificate being issued in respect of each Noteholder’s entire holding of Registered Notes of one Series. Registered Notes issued in global form will be represented by registered 
global certificates (“Global Certificates”). If a Global Certificate is held under the New Safekeeping Structure (the “NSS”) the Global Certificate will be delivered on or prior to the 
original issue date of the relevant Tranche to a Common Safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg.
Global notes which are not issued in NGN form (“Classic Global Notes” or “CGNs”) and Global Certificates which are not held under the NSS will be deposited on the issue date of 
the relevant Tranche with a common depositary on behalf of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (the “Common Depositary”). Each such temporary Global Note will be 
exchangeable, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, for either a permanent Global Note or Notes in definitive form, in each case upon certification as to non-US beneficial 
ownership as required by U.S. Treasury Regulations. A permanent Global Note will be exchangeable for definitive Notes in limited circumstances, all as further described in 
“Overview of Provisions relating to the Notes while in Global Form” herein.
The Programme has been rated Baa2 by Moody’s Italia S.r.l. (“Moody’s”) and BBB+ by Fitch Ratings Ltd. (“Fitch”). Moody’s is established in the European Union (the “EU”) and is
registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 (as amended, the “CRA Regulation”). Fitch is not established in the EU, but the rating it has given to the Programme is endorsed by 
Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited, which is established in the EU and registered under the CRA Regulation. A list of registered Credit Rating Agencies is published on the European 
Securities and Markets Authority (“ESMA”) website (http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-and-certified-CRAs). Tranches of Notes (as defined in “General Description of 
the Programme - Method of Issue”) to be issued under the Programme will be rated or unrated. Where a Tranche of Notes is to be rated, such rating will not necessarily be the same as 
the ratings assigned to the Programme. Whether or not a rating in relation to any Tranche of Notes will be treated as having been issued by a credit rating agency established in the EU
and registered under the CRA Regulation will be disclosed in the relevant Final Terms. A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to 
suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency.
This Base Prospectus will be valid as a base prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation for 12 months from 15 April 2021 (i.e., until 15 April 2022) and replaces the previous Base
Prospectus dated 15 May 2020. The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of significant new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies will not apply 
following the expiry of that period.
Prospective investors should have regard to the factors described under the section headed “Risk Factors” in this Base Prospectus. The Base Prospectus and all documents 
incorporated by reference herein will be published in electronic form on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu) and on the website of the Issuer 
(https://www.carlsberggroup.com/investor-relations/debt-investor/bond-programme/bond-programme/).
Arranger for the Programme
BNP PARIBAS
Dealers
BNP PARIBAS
Danske Bank
MUFG
Nordea
SEB
Société Générale Corporate & Investment Banking
UniCredit
Base Prospectus dated 15 April 2021

--- Page 2 ---
i
This Base Prospectus comprises a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation.
The Issuer (the “Responsible Person”) accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base 
Prospectus and the Final Terms for each Tranche of Notes under the Programme. To the best of the knowledge 
of the Issuer the information contained in this Base Prospectus and the Final Terms is in accordance with the 
facts and this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms makes no omission likely to affect the import 
of such information.
This Base Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with all documents which are incorporated herein by 
reference (see “Documents Incorporated by Reference”).
This Base Prospectus has been prepared on the basis that any offer of Notes in any Member State of the
European Economic Area (“EEA”) (each, a “Relevant Member State”) will be made pursuant to an 
exemption under the Prospectus Regulation from the requirement to publish a prospectus for offers of Notes. 
Accordingly, any person making or intending to make an offer in a Relevant Member State of Notes which are 
the subject of an offering contemplated in this Base Prospectus as completed by final terms in relation to the 
offer of those Notes may only do so in circumstances in which no obligation arises for the Issuer or any 
Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus 
pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, in each case, in relation to such offer. Neither the Issuer 
nor any Dealer have authorised, nor do they authorise, the making of any offer of Notes in circumstances in
which an obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish or supplement a prospectus for such offer.
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation other than those 
contained in this Base Prospectus in connection with the issue or sale of the Notes and, any information 
or representation not so contained must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer or 
any of the Dealers, the Arranger, the Fiscal Agent or the Registrar and Transfer Agent (each as defined 
in “General Description of the Programme”). Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor any sale 
made in connection herewith shall, under any circumstances, create any implication that there has been 
no change in the affairs of the Issuer since the date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus 
has been most recently amended or supplemented or that there has been no adverse change in the 
financial position of the Issuer since the date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has 
been most recently amended or supplemented or that any other information supplied in connection 
with the Programme is correct as of any time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, if 
different, the date indicated in the document containing the same.
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available 
to any retail investor in the EEA. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (ii) a customer within 
the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended, the “Insurance Distribution Directive”), where 
that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID 
II. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as 
amended, the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs
Regulation.
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the United Kingdom (the “UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person 
who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No

--- Page 3 ---
ii
2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
(“EUWA”); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and 
Markets Act 2000 (the “FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement 
Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in 
point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014, as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of 
the EUWA. Consequently, no key information document required by the PRIIPs Regulation as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the
Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be 
unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.
MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of any 
Notes may include a legend entitled “MiFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE” which will outline the 
target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are 
appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) 
should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II 
is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either 
adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID 
Product Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the “MiFID Product Governance 
Rules”), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise 
neither the Arranger nor any Dealer nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the 
purpose of the MiFID Product Governance Rules.
UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of any 
Notes may include a legend entitled “UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE” which will outline the 
target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are 
appropriate. Any distributor should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to the Financial Conduct Authority (“FCA”) Handbook Product Intervention and 
Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such 
Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a 
manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MIFIR Product Governance Rules.
Amounts payable under some of the Notes may be calculated by reference to the Euro Interbank
Offered Rate (“EURIBOR”) or the London Interbank Offered Rate (“LIBOR”) which are 
administered by the European Money Markets Institute (“EMMI”) and the ICE Benchmark 
Administration Limited (“ICE”), respectively. As at the date of this Prospectus, EMMI appears on the 
register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the European Securities and 
Markets Authority (“ESMA”) pursuant to Article 36 of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (as amended, the 
“Benchmarks Regulation”). As far as the Issuer is aware the transitional provisions in Article 51 of the 
Benchmarks Regulation apply, such that ICE is not currently required to obtain  authorisation  or  
registration (or, if  located outside the EU, recognition, endorsement or equivalence).
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering or sale of the Notes in certain jurisdictions 
may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus comes are required by the

--- Page 4 ---
iii
Issuer, the Dealers and the Arranger to inform themselves about and to observe any such restriction. 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, (the 
“Securities Act”) and include Notes in bearer form that are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. 
Subject to certain exceptions, the Notes may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States 
or to U.S. persons except to the extent permitted by the Dealer Agreement. For a description of certain 
restrictions on offers and sales of Notes and on distribution of this Base Prospectus, see “Subscription 
and Sale”.
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer of, or an invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer or the 
Dealers to subscribe for, or purchase, any Notes.
To the fullest extent permitted by law, none of the Dealers or the Arranger accept any responsibility for 
the contents of this Base Prospectus or for any other statement, made or purported to be made by the 
Arranger or a Dealer or on its behalf in connection with the Issuer or the issue and offering of the
Notes. The Arranger and each Dealer accordingly disclaims all and any liability whether arising in tort 
or contract or otherwise (save as referred to above) which it might otherwise have in respect of this 
Base Prospectus or any such statement. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other financial statements 
are intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation and should not be considered as a 
recommendation by any of the Issuer, the Arranger or the Dealers that any recipient of this Base 
Prospectus or any other financial statements should purchase the Notes. Each potential purchaser of 
Notes should determine for itself the relevance of the information contained in this Base Prospectus and 
its purchase of Notes should be based upon such investigation as it deems necessary. None of the 
Dealers or the Arranger undertakes to review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuer during the 
life of the arrangements contemplated by this Base Prospectus nor to advise any investor or potential
investor in the Notes of any information coming to the attention of any of the Dealers or the Arranger.
Each potential investor in any Notes must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own 
circumstances. In particular, each potential investor should:
(i)
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the relevant Notes, 
the merits and risks of investing in the relevant Notes and the information contained or 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement;
(ii)
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its 
particular financial situation, an investment in the relevant Notes and the impact such 
investment will have on its overall investment portfolio;
(iii) have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the 
relevant Notes, including where principal or interest is payable in one or more currencies, or 
where the currency for principal or interest payments is different from the potential investor’s 
currency;
(iv) understand thoroughly the terms of the relevant Notes and be familiar with the behaviour of any 
relevant indices and financial markets; and
(v)
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for 
economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear 
the applicable risks.
Some Notes are complex financial instruments and such instruments may be purchased as a way to 
reduce risk or enhance yield with an understood, measured, appropriate addition of risk to their overall 
portfolios. A potential investor should not invest in Notes which are complex financial instruments 
unless it has the expertise (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) to evaluate how the Notes

--- Page 5 ---
iv
will perform under changing conditions, the resulting effects on the value of such Notes and the impact 
this investment will have on the potential investor’s overall investment portfolio.
In connection with the issue of any Tranche (as defined in “General Description of the Programme -
Method of Issue”), one or more Dealers in such capacity (the “Stabilisation Manager(s)”) (or any 
person acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) may over-allot Notes or effect transactions 
with a view to supporting the market price of the Notes at a level higher than that which might
otherwise prevail. However, there is no assurance that the Stabilisation Manager(s) (or any person 
acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager) will undertake stabilisation action. Any stabilisation 
action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the terms of the offer of
the relevant Tranche is made and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no later than the 
earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche and 60 days after the date of the allotment 
of the relevant Tranche. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (or any person acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in accordance 
with all applicable laws and rules.
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified or the context otherwise requires, references to 
“Danish kroner” and “DKK” are to the lawful currency of the Kingdom of Denmark, those to “euro”, 
“EUR” or “€” are to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and 
monetary union pursuant to the Treaty establishing the European Union (as amended from time to 
time), those to “Renminbi”, “RMB” and “CNY” are to the lawful currency of the People’s Republic of
China (the “PRC”) which, for the purposes of this Base Prospectus, excludes the Hong Kong Special 
Administrative Region of the PRC, the Macau Special Administrative Region of the PRC and Taiwan,
those to “Sterling” and “£” are to the lawful currency of the UK and those to “U.S. dollars” are to the 
lawful currency of the United States of America.

--- Page 6 ---
v
TABLE OF CONTENTS
Page
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME.................................................................................. 1
RISK FACTORS.......................................................................................................................................... 8
BASE PROSPECTUS SUPPLEMENT....................................................................................................... 25
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ................................................................................ 26
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ......................................................................................... 30
OVERVIEW OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM..................... 65
USE OF PROCEEDS................................................................................................................................. 72
CARLSBERG BREWERIES A/S............................................................................................................... 73
TAXATION ............................................................................................................................................... 93
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE.................................................................................................................... 96
FORM OF FINAL TERMS ........................................................................................................................ 99
GENERAL INFORMATION.....................................................................................................................111

--- Page 7 ---
1
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME
The following overview is qualified in its entirety by the remainder of this Base Prospectus.
Issuer
Carlsberg Breweries A/S
Issuer Legal Entity Identifier (LEI)
5493008YL42784DMWN61
Website of the Issuer
https://www.carlsberggroup.com/
The information on https://www.carlsberggroup.com/
does not form part of this Base Prospectus, except where
that 
information 
has 
otherwise 
expressly 
been 
incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus.
Description
Euro Medium Term Note Programme
Size
Up to €5,000,000,000 (or the equivalent in other 
currencies at the date of issue) aggregate nominal 
amount of Notes outstanding at any one time.
Arranger
BNP Paribas
Dealers
BNP Paribas
MUFG Securities (Europe) N.V.
Danske Bank A/S
Nordea Bank Abp
Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ)
Société Générale 
UniCredit Bank AG
The Issuer may from time to time terminate the 
appointment of any dealer under the Programme or 
appoint additional dealers either in respect of one or 
more Tranches or in respect of the whole Programme. 
References in this Base Prospectus to “Permanent 
Dealers” are to the persons listed above as Dealers and to 
such additional persons that are appointed as dealers in 
respect 
of 
the
whole 
Programme 
(and
whose 
appointment has not been terminated) and references to 
“Dealers” are to all Permanent Dealers and all persons 
appointed as a dealer in respect of one or more Tranches.
Fiscal Agent
BNP Securities Services, Luxembourg Branch
Registrar and Transfer Agent
BNP Securities Services, Luxembourg Branch
Method of Issue
The Notes will be issued on a syndicated or non-
syndicated basis.
The Notes will be issued in series (each a “Series”) 
having one or more issue dates and on terms otherwise 
identical (or identical other than in respect of the first 
payment of interest), the Notes of each Series being 
intended to be interchangeable with all other Notes of

--- Page 8 ---
2
that Series. Each Series may be issued in tranches (each 
a “Tranche”) on the same or different issue dates. The 
specific terms of each Tranche (which will be completed, 
where necessary, with the relevant terms and conditions 
and, save in respect of the issue date, issue price, first 
payment of interest and nominal amount of the Tranche, 
will be identical to the terms of other Tranches of the 
same Series) will be completed in the final terms (the 
“Final Terms”).
Issue Price
Notes may be issued at their nominal amount or at a 
discount or premium to their nominal amount. 
Form of Notes
The Notes may be issued in bearer form only (“Bearer 
Notes”), in bearer form exchangeable for Registered 
Notes (“Exchangeable Bearer Notes”) or in registered 
form only (“Registered Notes”). Unless otherwise 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, each Tranche of 
Bearer Notes and Exchangeable Bearer Notes will be 
represented on issue by a temporary Global Note if (i) 
definitive Notes are to be made available to Noteholders 
following the expiry of 40 days after their issue date or 
(ii) such Notes have an initial maturity of more than one 
year and are being issued in compliance with TEFRA D 
(as defined in “ - Selling Restrictions” below), otherwise 
such Tranche will be represented by a permanent Global 
Note. Registered Notes
will be represented by 
Certificates, one Certificate being issued in respect of 
each Noteholder’s entire holding of Registered Notes of 
one Series. Certificates representing Registered Notes 
that are registered in the name of a nominee for one or 
more clearing systems are referred to as “Global 
Certificates”.
Clearing Systems
Clearstream, Luxembourg, Euroclear and, in relation to 
any Tranche, such other clearing system as may be 
agreed between the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent and the 
relevant Dealer.
Initial Delivery of Notes
On or before the issue date for each Tranche, if the 
relevant Global Note is an NGN or the relevant Global 
Certificate is held under the NSS, the Global Note or 
Global Certificate will be delivered to a Common 
Safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
On or before the issue date for each Tranche, if the 
relevant Global Note is a CGN or the relevant Global 
Certificate is not held under the NSS, the Global Note 
representing Bearer Notes or Exchangeable Bearer Notes 
or the Global Certificate representing Registered Notes 
may (or, in the case of Notes listed on the official list of
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, shall) be deposited

--- Page 9 ---
3
with 
a 
common 
depositary 
for 
Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg. Global Notes or Certificates 
relating to Notes that are not listed on the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange may also be deposited with any other
clearing system or may be delivered outside any clearing 
system provided that the method of such delivery has 
been agreed in advance by the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent 
and the relevant Dealer. Registered Notes that are to be
credited to one or more clearing systems on issue will be 
registered in the name of nominees or a common 
nominee for such clearing systems.
Currencies
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations 
and directives, Notes may be issued in any currency 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealers.
Maturities
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations 
and directives, any permitted minimum or maximum 
maturity.
According to the Luxembourg Prospectus Law relating 
to prospectuses for securities, the CSSF is not competent 
to approve prospectuses for the listing of money market 
instruments having a maturity at issue of less than 12 
months and which also comply with the definition of 
securities in the Luxembourg Law.
Specified Denomination
Definitive Notes will be in such denominations as may 
be specified in the relevant Final Terms save that (i) the 
minimum denomination of each Note admitted to trading 
on a regulated market within the EEA and/or offered to 
the public in an EEA State in circumstances which 
require the publication of a prospectus under the 
Prospectus Regulation will be €100,000 (or, if the Notes 
are denominated in a currency other than euro, the 
equivalent amount in such currency) or such other higher 
amount as may be allowed or required from time to time 
by the relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any 
laws or regulations applicable to the relevant Specified 
Currency and (ii) unless otherwise permitted by then 
current laws and regulations, Notes (including Notes 
denominated in sterling) which have a maturity of less 
than one year and in respect of which the issue proceeds
are to be accepted by the Issuer in the UK or whose issue 
otherwise constitutes a contravention of section 19 of the 
Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (“FSMA”) will 
have a minimum denomination of £100,000 (or its 
equivalent in other currencies).
Fixed Rate Notes
Fixed interest will be payable in arrear on the date or 
dates in each year specified in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 10 ---
4
Floating Rate Notes
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest determined 
separately for each Series as follows:
(i) on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional 
interest rate swap transaction in the relevant Specified 
Currency governed by an agreement incorporating the 
2006 ISDA Definitions, as published by the International 
Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. or
(ii) by reference to LIBOR as adjusted for any applicable 
margin or
(iii) by reference to SONIA as adjusted for any 
applicable margin.
Interest Periods will be specified in the relevant Final 
Terms.
Benchmark Discontinuation
In the case of Floating Rate Notes, if a Benchmark Event 
occurs, the Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to 
appoint an Independent Adviser (as defined in Condition 
5(k)) to determine a Successor Rate, failing which an 
Alternative Rate, and in either case, an Adjustment 
Spread and any Benchmark Amendments, as further 
described in Condition 5(k).
Zero Coupon Notes
Zero Coupon Notes (as defined in “Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes”) may be issued at their nominal 
amount or at a discount to it and will not bear interest.
Interest Periods and Interest Rates
The length of the Interest Periods for the Notes and the 
applicable interest rate or its method of calculation may 
differ from time to time or be constant for any Series. 
Notes may have a maximum interest rate, a minimum
interest rate, or both. The use of interest accrual periods 
permits the Notes to bear interest at different rates in the 
same Interest Period. All such information will be set out 
in the relevant Final Terms.
Step Up Event or Step Down Event
The relevant Final Terms will state whether a Step Up
Event or Step Down Event will apply to the Notes, in 
which case the rate of interest in respect of the Notes 
may be subject to adjustment as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. See “Terms and Conditions of the Notes –
Step Up Event or Step Down Event”.
Redemption
The relevant Final Terms will specify the basis for 
calculating the redemption amounts payable. Unless 
permitted by then current laws and regulations, Notes 
(including Notes denominated in sterling) which have a 
maturity of less than one year and in respect of which the 
issue proceeds are to be accepted by the Issuer in the UK
or whose issue otherwise constitutes a contravention of 
section 19 of the FSMA must have a minimum

--- Page 11 ---
5
redemption amount of £100,000 (or its equivalent in 
other currencies).
Optional Redemption
The Final Terms issued in respect of each issue of Notes 
will state whether such Notes may be redeemed prior to 
their stated maturity at the option of the Issuer (either in 
whole or in part) and/or the holders, including by means 
of a change of control put option, and if so the terms 
applicable to such redemption.
Status of Notes
The Notes will constitute direct, unsubordinated, 
unconditional and (subject to the Negative Pledge)
unsecured obligations of the Issuer as described in 
“Terms and Conditions of the Notes - Status”.
Negative Pledge
See “Terms and Conditions of the Notes - Negative 
Pledge”.
Cross Default
See “Terms and Conditions of the Notes - Events of 
Default”.
Ratings
The Programme has been rated Baa2 by Moody’s and 
BBB+ Fitch.
As per the rating services of Moody’s, obligations rated 
Baa are judged to be medium-grade and subject to 
moderate credit risk and as such may possess certain 
speculative characteristics. The modifier “2” indicates a 
mid-range ranking.
Source: Moody’s, https://www.moodys.com/ratings-
process/Ratings-Definitions/002002
As per the rating services of Fitch, obligations rated
BBB indicate that expectations of default risk are 
currently low. The capacity for payment of financial 
commitments is considered adequate, but adverse 
business or economic conditions are more likely to 
impair this capacity. The modifier “+” appended to the 
rating denotes relative status
within major rating 
categories.
Source: https://www.fitchratings.com/products/rating-
definitions
Tranches of Notes may be rated or unrated. Moody’s is 
established in the EU and is registered under the CRA 
Regulation. Fitch is not established in the EU, but the 
rating it has given to the Programme is endorsed by Fitch 
Ratings Ireland Limited, which is established in the EU 
and registered under the CRA Regulation. A list of 
registered Credit Rating Agencies is published on the 
ESMA website (http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-
registered-and-certified-CRAs). Where a Tranche of 
Notes is to be rated, such rating will be specified in the
relevant Final Terms. Where a Tranche of Notes is to be

--- Page 12 ---
6
rated, such rating will not necessarily be the same as the 
rating assigned to Notes already issued under the 
Programme. Whether or not a rating in relation to any 
Tranche of Notes will be treated as having been issued
by a credit rating agency established in the EU and 
registered under the CRA Regulation will be disclosed in 
the relevant Final Terms. A security rating is not a 
recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may 
be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any 
time by the assigning rating agency.
Early Redemption
Except as provided in “- Optional Redemption” above, 
Notes will be redeemable at the option of the Issuer prior 
to maturity only for tax reasons. See “Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes - Redemption, Purchase and 
Options”.
Withholding Tax
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the 
Notes will be made free and clear of withholding taxes 
of the Kingdom of Denmark, subject to customary 
exceptions, all as described in “Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes - Taxation”.
Governing Law
The Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising 
out of or in connection with the Notes will be governed 
by, and shall be construed in accordance with, English
law.
Listing and Admission to Trading
Application has been made to the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange for Notes issued under the Programme to be 
admitted to the Official List and to be admitted to trading 
on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market 
or as otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms and 
references to listing shall be construed accordingly. As 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, a Series of Notes 
may be unlisted.
Selling Restrictions:
The United States, the United Kingdom, the Kingdom of
Denmark, Japan and the People’s Republic of China. See 
“Subscription and Sale”.
The Issuer is Category 2 for the purposes of Regulation 
S under the United States Securities Act of 1933 (as 
amended). If the relevant Final Terms specify that the 
applicable TEFRA exemption is “TEFRA D”, then the
Bearer Notes will be issued in compliance with U.S. 
Treas. Reg. §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (or any successor rules
in substantially the same form that are applicable for 
purposes of Section 4701 of the U.S. Internal Revenue
Code of 1986, (as amended,the “Code”)) (“TEFRA D”) 
unless (i) the relevant Final Terms specify that the 
applicable TEFRA exemption is “TEFRA C”, then the

--- Page 13 ---
7
Bearer Notes are issued in compliance with U.S. Treas.
Reg. §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) (or any successor rules in 
substantially the same form that are applicable for 
purposes of Section 4701 of the Code) ( “TEFRA C”) or 
(ii) if the relevant Final Terms specify “TEFRA not 
applicable”, then the Notes are issued other than in 
compliance with TEFRA D or TEFRA C but in 
circumstances in which the Notes will not constitute 
“registration required obligations” under the United 
States Tax Equity and Fiscal Responsibility Act of 1982 
(“TEFRA”).

--- Page 14 ---
8
RISK FACTORS
The Issuer believes that the following factors may adversely affect its operations or financial condition and 
cause harm to the Issuer’s reputation and thereby affect its ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes 
issued under the Programme. All of these factors are contingencies which may or may not occur.
The risk factors described below are those the Issuer currently views as material. Such risk factors have been 
arranged in two categories (Risks related to the Group’s Industry and Risks related to the Group’s Business) 
and listed in an order of priority that reflects their materiality based on the expected magnitude of their 
negative impact. The Issuer may face a number of these risks described below simultaneously and some risks
may be interdependent. Prospective investors should carefully consider all of the risk factors.
The Issuer believes that the factors described below represent the principal risks inherent in investing in 
Notes issued under the Programme. Additional risks, uncertainties and circumstances not included in this 
Base Prospectus, including risks that are not known to the Issuer at present or that it currently deems 
immaterial, may also arise or become material in the future and may have a negative impact on the Issuer’s 
group business, result of operations, financial conditions and prospects. Prospective investors should also 
read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus (including any documents 
incorporated by reference herein) and reach their own views prior to making any investment decision.
Risks related to the Group’s Industry
The Group is exposed to the risks of an economic downturn or recession and falls in per capita 
income, which could adversely affect the demand for its products
The Group is exposed to the risks of an economic downturn or recession either globally or in one or more of 
its key markets.
Beer and soft drink consumption in emerging and growth markets is linked to general economic conditions, 
tending to rise in such markets during periods of increasing per capita income and to fall during periods of 
declining per capita income. In addition to moving in line with changes in per capita income, beer 
consumption also increases or decreases in accordance with changes in disposable income, particularly in the 
emerging markets in which the Group operates. A decrease in disposable income resulting from an increase in 
income taxes, the cost of living, legislative restrictions such as sanctions or other factors adversely affecting 
demand for beer and soft drinks, could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, results of 
operations, cash flows or financial condition.
Competition in the beverage industry may lead to a reduction in margins and may affect the 
Group’s profitability
Although the Group has a leading position in the beer market in a number of its key markets, the Group is 
subject to competition from existing competitors and new entrants, as well as from substitute beverages, and 
may be affected by further consolidation in the sector. In order to maintain its competitive position the Group 
may need to increase its advertising and promotion expenditure, develop new products through innovation 
and maintain and optimise its existing portfolio.
There can be no assurance that significant increases in advertising and promotion costs, loss of sales volume, 
price discounting, a lack of innovative products or a combination of these and other factors that may occur as 
a result of increased competition would not have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, results of 
operations, cash flows or financial condition.

--- Page 15 ---
9
Seasonal consumption cycles and adverse weather conditions may result in fluctuations in demand 
for the Group’s products, adversely affecting the Group’s business, results of operations, cash 
flows and financial condition
Seasonal consumption cycles and adverse weather conditions in the markets in which the Group operates may 
result in fluctuations in demand for the Group’s products. Accordingly, demand for beer is normally more 
depressed in the Group’s major markets during the first three months of each year. As a result, the Group’s 
consolidated net revenue is normally lower during these months. Moreover, exceptionally cold summer 
temperatures or hot summer temperatures in certain key markets of the Group, particularly in Western and 
Eastern Europe, may have a temporary negative impact on the demand for the Group’s products as consumers 
substitute beer with alternative beverages, contributing to lower sales of beer and, therefore, could have a 
material adverse effect on the Group’s business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition.
There are a variety of factors relating to consumer preferences that may cause lower demand for 
the Group’s products, which could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, results 
of operations, cash flows or financial condition
The beverage industry is highly competitive, and the beer segment in particular faces strong competition from 
alternative beverages. Consumer demand for beer and soft drinks depends on a variety of factors, including 
changes in demographic and social trends, health perceptions, the introduction of alternative spending 
opportunities and downturns in economic conditions. These factors may reduce consumers’ willingness to 
purchase beer products and soft drinks and may lead to the consumption of substitute products. Reduced 
consumption of beer and, to a lesser extent, soft drinks in any of the Group’s key markets could have a 
material adverse effect on the Group’s business, results of operations, cash flows or financial condition.
Changes in existing regulations, increased regulation or failure to comply with existing licensing, 
trade and other regulations could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, results of 
operations, cash flows or financial condition
The Group’s brewing, bottling, marketing, sales and distribution operations are subject to regulation in the 
countries in which it operates regarding such matters as licensing requirements, trade and pricing practices 
(including grey market imports and parallel pricing), labelling, advertising, promotion and marketing 
practices, relationships with distributors, environmental, tax, labour and other matters. Failure to comply with 
these laws and regulations could result in the loss, revocation or suspension of the Group’s licenses, permits 
or approvals and may also result in negative publicity.
In addition, changes in any of these or any other laws or regulations could have a material adverse effect on 
the Group’s business, results of operations, cash flows or financial condition. There can be no assurance that 
the Group will not incur material costs or liabilities in connection with its compliance with current applicable
regulatory requirements or that such regulations will not interfere with, restrict or affect the Group’s business.
The level of regulation to which the Group is subject can be affected by changes in public perception of beer 
and soft drink consumption.
Cost increases and shortages of raw materials and packaging could have a material adverse effect 
on the Group’s business, results of operations, cash flows or financial condition
Management cannot predict future availability or prices of the raw materials (such as barley, malt and hops) 
and packaging materials (which include mainly aluminium cans, glass and PET bottles, labels, plastic crates 
and cardboard products) required for the Group’s production. The prices of raw materials and packaging can 
fluctuate widely and are determined by the relative strengths of suppliers (which may be increased by 
consolidation among suppliers, reducing supply alternatives for the Group), global supply and demand and 
other factors, including changes in exchange rates, energy prices, global crop production, government

--- Page 16 ---
10
regulations and legislation affecting agriculture, factors over which the Group has no control. A substantial 
increase in the prices of these materials (in particular if such incremental amounts cannot be passed on to the 
customer), a lack of availability of materials or a prolonged interruption in their supply, could have a material 
adverse effect on the Group’s business, results of operations, cash flows or financial condition.
In particular, the supply and price of raw materials used to produce the Group’s products can be affected by a
number of factors beyond the Group’s control, including frosts, droughts, growing demand for biofuel and 
other adverse weather conditions, economic factors affecting growth decisions, various plant diseases and 
pests.
Furthermore, the Group’s operations require access to significant amounts of water. Any sustained 
interruption in water supplies (as a result of drought or general water shortage) to the Group or any significant 
increase in water prices could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, results of operations, 
cash flows or financial condition.
The Group’s business, results of operations, cash flows or financial condition could be affected by 
increased excise duties, environmental fees and tax costs
Various legislative authorities in those countries in which the Group operates may from time to time consider 
proposals to impose environmental fees, additional excise and other taxes on the production and sale of 
alcoholic and non-alcoholic beverages, including beer and soft drinks. Changes in such duties applicable to 
the Group’s products may affect the prices at which they are sold, which can in turn result in changes in 
demand for the Group’s products. Increases in the levels of excise and other tax (either on an absolute basis or 
relative to the levels applicable to other alcoholic beverages) could have a significant adverse impact on sales 
volumes. In addition, there can be no assurance that the operations of the Group’s breweries and other 
facilities will not become subject to increased excise duties and taxation by local, national or foreign 
authorities which together with changes in corporate income tax rates, transfer pricing regulations or 
regulations on repatriation of dividends and capital could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s 
business, results of operations, cash flows or financial condition.
A significant increase in the cost of energy could affect the Group’s profitability
Energy prices, including the price of oil, natural gas, gasoline and diesel fuel, are cost drivers for the Group’s
business. Sustained high energy prices could negatively impact the Group’s operating results and demand for 
the Group’s products. Increases in energy costs would result in higher transportation, freight and other 
operating costs. The Group’s future operating expenses and margins will be dependent upon its ability to 
manage the impact of cost increases. There can be no assurance that the Group will be able to pass increased 
energy costs to its customers through increased prices, and the inability to do so could have a material adverse 
effect on the Group’s business, results of operations, cash flows or financial condition.
The Group is exposed to the risk of litigation
Companies in the beverage industry are, from time to time, exposed to class action or other litigation. In 
particular, such actions or litigation may be related to alcohol advertising, alcohol abuse programs or health 
consequences from the excessive consumption of alcohol or soft drinks as well as competition law 
infringements. Increasing legislation increases the risk of non-compliance while more regulatory supervision 
and the growing claim culture potentially increase the impact of any non-compliance. If any litigation faced 
by the group results in fines, damages or reputational damage, it could have a material adverse effect on the 
Group’s business, results of operations, cash flows or financial condition.
Negative publicity may adversely affect companies in the beverage industry
Negative publicity regarding alcohol or soft drink consumption, publication of studies that indicate a 
significant health risk from consumption of alcohol or soft drinks, or changes in consumer perceptions in

--- Page 17 ---
11
relation to beer or soft drinks generally could adversely affect the sale and consumption of the Group’s
products and could harm the Group’s business, results of operations, cash flows or financial condition as 
consumers and customers change their purchasing patterns.
The Group’s ability to borrow from banks or in the capital markets may be materially adversely 
affected by a financial crisis in a particular geographic region, industry or economic sector
The Group’s ability to borrow from banks or in the capital markets to meet its financial requirements is 
dependent on normal market conditions. Financial constraints in particular geographic regions, industries or 
economic sectors have, in the recent past, led and could in the future lead to sharp declines in the currencies, 
stock markets and other asset prices in those geographic regions, industries or economic sectors, in turn 
threatening affected financial systems and economies.
Significant costs can be incurred by companies in the beverage industry as a result of compliance 
with and violations or liabilities under environmental laws
The Group’s operations are subject to various laws and regulations relating to the protection of the 
environment, including those governing the recycling of cans and bottles, the discharge of pollutants into the 
air and water, the management and disposal of hazardous substances and waste, and the clean-up of 
contamination. Potentially significant expenditures could be required as a result of violations of, or liabilities 
under, environmental laws or non-compliance with the environmental permits required at its production 
facilities or in order to comply with environmental laws that may be adopted or imposed in the future and 
there can be no assurance that the Group will not incur any environmental liability in the future. Any of the 
foregoing could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, results of operations, cash flows or 
financial condition.
If any of the Group’s products contain contaminants, the Group may be subject to product recalls 
or other liabilities which could cause the Group to incur significant additional costs on a 
consolidated basis and suffer damage to its reputation
A risk of contamination exists at each stage of the production cycle, including the production and delivery of 
raw materials, the brewing and packaging of beer, the stocking and delivery of beer to distributors and 
retailers, and the storage and shelving of products at the points of final sale. Management believes that it takes 
reasonable precautions to ensure that the Group’s beverage products are free of contaminants. In the event 
that contamination occurs, it may lead to business interruption, product recalls or liabilities, any of which 
could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, results of operations, cash flows or financial 
condition and on the Group’s reputation and prospects.
Risks related to the Group’s Business
Natural and other disasters could disrupt the Group's operations 
The Group's business and operating results could be negatively impacted by natural, social, technical or 
physical risks such as a widespread health emergency such as COVID-19 (or concerns over the possibility of 
such an emergency), earthquakes, hurricanes, typhoons, flooding, fire, power loss, cyberattacks, political 
instability, military conflict and uncertainties arising from terrorist attacks, including a global economic 
slowdown, the economic consequences of any military action and associated political instability.

--- Page 18 ---
12
The Group’s substantial dependence on third-party retailers and wholesalers for the distribution 
of its products could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, results of operations, 
cash flows or financial condition
The Group sells its products directly to retailers, including supermarkets, specialized beer or alcoholic
beverage stores, pubs and restaurants, as well as to wholesalers for resale to retail outlets. Although in certain 
jurisdictions the Group owns some of these wholesalers, sales to third-party retailers and wholesalers (some 
of whom have significant market share and negotiating power) represent a significant portion of the Group’s 
consolidated revenues. For instance, the Group relies primarily on third-parties to effect distribution in 
France. If third-party wholesalers and retailers give higher priority to other brands, purchase less of the 
Group’s products or at lower prices, or devote inadequate promotional support to the Group’s products, it 
could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, results of operations, cash flows or financial 
condition. The Group is subject to credit risk in relation to certain customers and wholesalers. The Group 
provides credit to certain of its customers and wholesalers. These credit arrangements may include financing 
of all or a portion of the purchase price for the Group’s products. The credit period is dependent on local 
practice and the creditworthiness of the customer or wholesaler. Any failure by these customers or 
wholesalers to discharge adequately their obligations on a timely basis or any event adversely affecting these 
third parties could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, results of operations, cash flows or 
financial condition. Consolidation among the Group’s customers and wholesalers also exposes the Group to 
increased concentration of third-party credit risk. Although the Group is not dependent on any single customer 
or wholesaler, the loss of, or a significant reduction in, business from one or more of the Group’s major 
customers or wholesalers could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, results of operations, 
cash flows or financial condition.
The Group is subject to competition regulations in certain jurisdictions in which it has a leading 
market share
In many of the countries in which the Group operates, it has a leading position in the local beer market by 
volume (according to GlobalData 2020 Beer & Cider Market Insight reports), which means that future 
expansion through the acquisition of other businesses in the local market may be restricted or prevented.
Where the Group has a strong leadership position, controls may be imposed to restrict its activities and 
prevent any possible abuse of such position. There can be no assurance that, were new or further competition 
regulations to be introduced into these markets, they would not have a material adverse effect on the Group’s 
business, results of operations, cash flows or financial condition.
Reliance on key third-party suppliers could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s 
business, results of operations, cash flows or financial condition
The Group relies on a limited number of key third-party suppliers, including third-party suppliers for a range 
of raw materials for beer and soft drinks, and for packaging material, including aluminium cans, glass and 
PET bottles and kegs. The Group seeks to limit its exposure to market fluctuations in these supplies by
entering into medium and long-term fixed-price arrangements and by implementing effective supply chain 
structures. Consolidation of suppliers, the termination of arrangements with certain key suppliers or the
failure of a key supplier to meet its contractual obligations would require the Group to make purchases from 
alternative suppliers, in each case at potentially higher prices than those agreed with this supplier, and this 
could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, results of operations, cash flows or financial 
condition.
The Group also relies on bottling agreements with third parties. The loss of such licenses could have a 
material adverse effect on the Group’s business, results of operations, cash flows or financial condition.

--- Page 19 ---
13
The Group may not be able to protect its intellectual property rights and any failure to protect the 
Group’s intellectual property rights or any claims that the Group is infringing upon the rights of 
others may adversely affect the Group
The Group’s future success depends significantly on its ability to protect its current and future brands and 
products and to defend its intellectual property rights. The Group has been granted numerous trademark 
registrations covering its brands and products and has filed, and expects to continue to file on a timely basis, 
trademark and patent applications seeking to protect newly-developed brands and products. The Group cannot 
be sure that trademark and patent registrations will be issued with respect to any of its applications, or that 
once issued these registrations will not be challenged or circumvented by competitors. Moreover, some of the 
countries in which the Group operates offer less intellectual property protection than is available in Europe.
An event, or a series of events, that materially damages the reputation of one or more of the Group’s brands 
could have an adverse effect on the value of that brand and subsequent revenues from that brand or business
which could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, results of operations, cash flows or 
financial condition.
Inability to gain from efficiency measures may lead to a reduction in margins and may affect the 
Group’s profitability
Although the Group continues to implement a number of efficiency programmes, including implementation of 
effective supply chain structures, the Group may not realise the expected benefits from the efficiency 
measures taken under such programmes. There can be no assurance that any failure to derive benefits from 
such efficiency improvements would not have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, results of 
operations, cash flows or financial condition.
The Group may be adversely affected by changes in exchange rates
The Issuer publishes its consolidated financial statements in Danish kroner. A substantial portion of the 
Group’s assets, liabilities, revenues and costs are denominated in currencies other than the Danish kroner. As 
a result, the Group is exposed in particular to fluctuations in the values of these currencies. These currency 
fluctuations can have a significant impact on the Group’s business, results of operations, cash flows or 
financial condition.
The Group derives a significant proportion of its consolidated earnings and cash flow from 
Western Europe and Asia
The Group derives a significant proportion of its consolidated earnings and cash flow from Western Europe 
and Asia. If sales of the Group’s products in Western Europe and Asia significantly decreased, whether as a 
result of new and increased competition or other factors (including economic downturn or recession in these 
markets, negative consumer trends towards consumption of beer and soft drinks, fluctuations in exchange 
rates and the introduction of new laws, regulations, taxes or duties) it could have a material adverse effect on 
the Group’s business, results of operations, cash flows or financial condition.
The Group operates in several emerging and growth markets, which exposes it to political and
economic risks in these markets
The Group has significant operations in emerging and growth markets in Eastern Europe and Asia, some of 
which provide a material part of its consolidated net revenue, including Russia.
The Group’s operations in these markets are subject to risks including potential regulatory, political and 
economic instability, application of exchange controls, sanctions, nationalisation or expropriation (or public 
authority harassment in effect achieving the same), terrorism, crime and lack of law enforcement, political 
insurrection, external interference, labour unrest, currency fluctuations, inflation, economic recession,

--- Page 20 ---
14
changes in government policy and difficulties in enforcement of legal rights. Exposure to these risks has 
increased as a result of the Group’s strategy to seek growth in emerging and growth markets.
Moreover, these economies may not grow in the manner envisaged at the time the Group entered the relevant 
markets, and may suffer from recession, high rates of inflation and real currency devaluation. Such factors 
could cause interruptions to the Group’s operations, increase the costs of operating in those countries, 
adversely affect demand for the Group’s products or the prices customers are willing to pay or limit the ability
of the Group to repatriate profits from those countries, all of which could have a material adverse effect on the 
Group’s business, results of operations, cash flows or financial condition.
The Group faces defined benefit pension obligations in some of the countries in which it operates 
In some countries in which the Group operates (mainly in the UK and Switzerland), the Group holds defined 
benefit plans. 
In case of unfavourable market developments the Group could be required to make deficit contributions, 
which could impact Carlsberg’s business, financial condition and/or results of operations. 
Information technology failures could disrupt the Group’s operations and could have a material 
adverse effect on the Group’s business, results of operations, cash flows or financial condition
The Group depends on information technology to enable it to operate efficiently and interface with suppliers 
and customers, as well as maintain in-house management and control and minimise costs. The Group is 
dependent on a limited number of strategic partners for its information technology systems. As with all large 
systems, the Group’s information systems may be vulnerable to a variety of interruptions due to events 
beyond its control, including, but not limited to, natural disasters, terrorist attacks, telecommunications 
failures, computer viruses, hackers, and other security issues. Information technology related operational 
disruption or security failures therefore expose the Group to a significant level of operational, reputational and 
financial loss risk, which could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, results of operations, 
cash flows or financial condition.
Operational integration of assets or businesses acquired by the Group involves costs and 
uncertainties and may not be successful.
The Group may, as part of its normal business, make selective acquisitions of businesses, assets and/or 
ownership stakes to strengthen and develop its existing activities. There may be substantial challenges or 
delays in integrating and adding value to the businesses or assets acquired or to be acquired by the Group. The 
costs of integration could be materially higher than budgeted and the Group may fail to realise synergies 
expected from such acquisitions. The challenges presented by integrating new businesses or assets may be 
greater in emerging markets as a result of cultural and linguistic difficulties. Moreover, realising the expected 
synergies may take longer than expected. Material costs or delays in connection with the integration of the 
operations that the Group acquires or the inability to realise any expected synergies from those acquisitions 
could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations.
Lack of full control of key operations subjects the Group to business decisions of third-party part-
owners
Reflecting the historical development of the Group, and in part, the Group’s aim to either retain the 
involvement of local business groups and/or to mitigate the risk of entering new markets, the Group owns 
controlling interests in some main operations while others are owned in partnership with other third-party 
brewers or investors in which the Group has a 50 per cent. interest or less. Disagreements with joint venture 
partners have previously resulted in the termination of agreements and led to litigation and arbitration. The 
shareholder approval requirements of a joint venture may also limit the Group’s flexibility. In addition, under 
certain circumstances, the Group and its joint venture partners may elect to unwind operations or buy out the

--- Page 21 ---
15
interests of one another, which could be costly and disruptive to the Group’s business. Any of the above could 
have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, results of operations, cash flows or financial 
condition.
The Group is exposed to the risk of increased interest rates
A proportion of the Group’s gross debt is at floating interest rates. Accordingly, the Group has significant 
exposure to changes in interest rates. An increase in interest rates could have a material adverse effect on the 
Group’s business, results of operations, cash flows or financial condition.
The Group’s inability to recruit and retain sufficient qualified personnel or the loss of the Group’s 
management team or key personnel could negatively impact the Group
Certain aspects of the Group’s business depend upon highly-skilled employees. The Group devotes 
considerable resources to recruiting and developing such individuals and encouraging such individuals to
remain employed by the Group. While management believes that it has been successful in securing the loyalty 
of its key employees, it is possible that, in the future, the Group may experience personnel changes and may 
have difficulty attracting and retaining sufficient numbers of skilled employees. In addition, the Group is 
managed by a relatively small number of senior management and key personnel, many of whom have 
extensive knowledge and experience with the Group’s business, products and services and would be costly 
and possibly difficult to replace. The Group’s inability to recruit sufficient qualified personnel or any loss or 
interruption of the services of the Group’s management team or key personnel, could have a material adverse 
effect on the Group’s business, results of operations, cash flows or financial condition.
Pricing pressure and grey market imports or parallel imports may negatively impact the Group’s 
results of operations
As a result of differential margins and rates of duty levied on beer and other beverages in individual countries, 
cross-border imports are a factor affecting both the volume of beer and other beverages purchased in certain 
countries and the price of beer and other beverages which the market can support in those countries. Pricing 
pressure resulting from grey market imports or parallel imports may lead to a reduction in margins and could 
have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, results of operations, cash flows or financial 
condition.
Labour disputes may cause work stoppages, strikes and disruptions
The success of the Group depends upon maintaining good relations with its workforce. Restructurings to 
lower production costs, improve efficiency, exploit synergies and cope with the demands of a changing 
market could harm the Group’s employee relations and result in labour disputes, including work stoppages, 
strikes and disruptions, which could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, results of 
operations, cash flows or financial condition.
Factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes 
issued under the Programme
Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes
Notes subject to optional redemption by the Issuer
An optional redemption feature is likely to limit the market value of Notes. During any period when the Issuer 
may elect to redeem Notes, the market value of those Notes generally will not rise substantially above the 
price at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any redemption period.

--- Page 22 ---
16
The Issuer may be expected to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate on the 
Notes. At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an 
effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only be able to do so at 
a significantly lower rate. Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments 
available at that time.
Variable rate Notes with a multiplier or other leverage factor
Notes with variable interest rates can be volatile investments. If they are structured to include multipliers or 
other leverage factors, or caps or floors, or any combination of those features or other similar related features, 
their market values may be even more volatile than those for securities that do not include those features.
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate that the Issuer may elect to convert from a fixed rate to a 
floating rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed rate. The Issuer’s ability to convert the interest rate will affect 
the secondary market and the market value of such Notes since the Issuer may be expected to convert the rate 
when it is likely to produce a lower overall cost of borrowing. If the Issuer converts from a fixed rate to a 
floating rate, the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be less favourable than then prevailing spreads 
on comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to the same reference rate. In addition, the new floating rate at any 
time may be lower than the rates on other Notes. If the Issuer converts from a floating rate to a fixed rate, the 
fixed rate may be lower than then prevailing rates on its Notes.
Risks related to Notes which are linked to “benchmarks”
Interest rates and indices which are deemed to be “benchmarks” are the subject of recent national and 
international regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already effective whilst 
others are still to be implemented. These reforms may cause such benchmarks to perform differently than in 
the past, to disappear entirely, or have other consequences which cannot be predicted. Any such consequence 
could have a material adverse effect on any Notes referencing such a benchmark.
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (as amended, the “Benchmarks Regulation”) was published in the Official 
Journal of the EU on 29 June 2016 and was applied as of 1 January 2018. The Benchmarks Regulation applies 
to the provision of benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark 
within the EU. It, among other things, (i) requires benchmark administrators to be authorised or registered (or, 
if non-EU based, to be subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed) and (ii) prevents
certain uses by EU supervised entities of benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised or registered 
(or, if non-EU based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed).
The Benchmarks Regulation could have a material impact on any Notes linked to or referencing a benchmark, 
in particular, if the methodology or other terms of the relevant benchmark are changed in order to comply 
with the requirements of the Benchmarks Regulation. Such changes could, among other things, have the 
effect of reducing, increasing or otherwise affecting the volatility of the published rate or level of the relevant 
benchmark.
The London Interbank Offered Rate (“LIBOR”), Euro Interbank Offered Rate (“EURIBOR”) and other
interest rates or other types of rates and indices which are deemed to be “benchmarks” are the subject of 
ongoing national and international regulatory reform. In a speech in July 2017, the Chief Executive of the 
United Kingdom Financial Conduct Authority (the “FCA”) committed the FCA to begin planning a transition 
away from London Interbank Offered Rate (“LIBOR”) to alternative reference rates that are based on actual 
transactions, such as the Sterling Over Night Index Average (“SONIA”). On 5 March 2021, the FCA
announced that (i) the publication of 24 LIBOR settings (as detailed in the FCA announcement) will cease

--- Page 23 ---
17
immediately after 31 December 2021, (ii) the publication of the overnight and 12-month U.S. dollar LIBOR 
settings will cease immediately after 30 June 2023, (iii) immediately after 31 December 2021, the 1-month, 3-
month and 6-month sterling LIBOR settings will no longer be representative of the underlying market and 
economic reality that they are intended to measure and representativeness will not be restored (and the FCA 
will consult on requiring the ICE Benchmark Administration Limited (the “IBA”) to continue to publish these 
settings on a synthetic basis, which will no longer be representative of the underlying market and economic 
reality they are intended to measure, for a further period after end 2021) and (iv) immediately after 30 June 
2023, the 1-month, 3-month and 6-month U.S. dollar LIBOR settings will no longer be representative of the 
underlying market and economic reality that they are intended to measure and representativeness will not be 
restored (and the FCA will consider the case for using its proposed powers to require IBA to continue 
publishing these settings on a synthetic basis, which will no longer be representative of the underlying market
and economic reality they are intended to measure, for a further period after end June 2023).More broadly, 
any of the international or national reforms, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny of benchmarks, could 
increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting of a benchmark and 
complying with any such regulations or requirements. Such factors may have (without limitation) the 
following effects on certain benchmarks: (i) discouraging market participants from continuing to administer 
or contribute to a benchmark; (ii) triggering changes in the rules or methodologies used in the benchmark 
and/or (iii) leading to the disappearance of the benchmark. Any of the above changes or any other 
consequential changes as a result of international, national or other proposals for reform or other initiatives or 
investigations, could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any Notes linked to a 
benchmark.
For Notes which reference any affected benchmark, uncertainty as to the nature of alternative reference rates 
and as to potential changes or other reforms to such benchmark may adversely affect such benchmark rates 
during the term of such Notes and the return on, value of and the trading market for such Notes.
Floating Rate Notes – Benchmark Unavailability and Discontinuation
(i)
Temporary unavailability of the Relevant Screen Page
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified as the manner in which the Rate of Interest in respect of 
Floating Rate Notes is to be determined the Terms and Conditions of the Notes provide that the Rate of 
Interest shall be determined by reference to the Relevant Screen Page (or its successor or replacement). In 
circumstances where the Original Reference Rate (as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes) is 
discontinued, neither the Relevant Screen Page, nor any successor or replacement may be available.
Where the Relevant Screen Page is not available, and no successor or replacement for the Relevant Screen 
Page is available, the Terms and Conditions of the Notes provide for the Rate of Interest to be determined by 
the Calculation Agent by reference to quotations from banks communicated to the Calculation Agent.
Where such quotations are not available (as may be the case if the relevant banks are not submitting rates for 
the determination of such Original Reference Rate), the Rate of Interest may ultimately revert to the Rate of
Interest applicable as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date before the Original Reference Rate 
was discontinued. Uncertainty as to the continuation of the Original Reference Rate, the availability of quotes 
from reference banks, and the rate that would be applicable if the Original Reference Rate is discontinued 
may adversely affect the value of, and return on, the Floating Rate Notes.
(ii)
Benchmark Events
Benchmark Events (as defined in Condition 5(k)) include (amongst other events) the permanent
discontinuation of an Original Reference Rate, a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate is or will be (or is or will be deemed by such

--- Page 24 ---
18
supervisor to be) no longer representative of its relevant underlying market or an announcement that an 
Original Reference Rate will be permanently discontinued in the future. If the Issuer determines that a 
Benchmark Event has occurred, the Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent 
Adviser (as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes), as soon as reasonably practicable, to determine 
a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (each as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes) to be used in 
place of the Original Reference Rate. If a Benchmark Event occurs as a result of a public statement that the 
Original Reference Rate is no longer representative of its relevant underlying market, the Rate of Interest on 
the Notes may therefore cease to be determined by reference to the Original Reference Rate and instead be 
determined by reference to a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate, even if the Original Reference Rate 
continues to be published. Such rate may be lower than the Original Reference Rate for so long as that 
Original Reference Rate continues to be published, and the value of and return on the Notes may be adversely 
affected.
Furthermore, if a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate for the Original Reference Rate is determined by the 
Independent Adviser, the Terms and Conditions of the Notes provide that the Issuer may vary the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes, as necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate or Alternative 
Rate, without any requirement for consent or approval of the Noteholders.
If a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate is determined by the Independent Adviser, the Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes also provide that an Adjustment Spread (as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes)
will be determined by the Independent Adviser to be applied to such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate.
The use of any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the application of an Adjustment Spread may result in
the Notes linked to or referencing the Original Reference Rate performing differently (which may include 
payment of a lower Rate of Interest) than they would if the Original Reference Rate were to continue to apply 
in its current form.
(iii) Potential for a fixed rate return
The Issuer may be unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or the Independent Adviser may not be able to 
determine a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate in accordance with the Terms and Conditions of the Notes.
Where the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser in a timely manner, or the Independent Adviser 
is unable to determine a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate before the next Interest Determination Date (as 
defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes), the Rate of Interest for the next succeeding Interest 
Accrual Period will be the Rate of Interest applicable as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date
before the occurrence of the Benchmark Event, or, where the Benchmark Event occurs before the first Interest 
Determination Date, the Rate of Interest will be the initial Rate of Interest. 
Where the Issuer has been unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or, the Independent Adviser has failed to 
determine a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate in respect of any given Interest Accrual Period, the Issuer will 
continue to attempt to appoint an Independent Adviser in a timely manner before the next succeeding Interest 
Determination Date to determine a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate to apply the next succeeding and any 
subsequent Interest Accrual Periods, as necessary.
Applying the initial Rate of Interest, or the Rate of Interest applicable as at the last preceding Interest 
Determination Date before the occurrence of the Benchmark Event is likely to result in Notes linked to or 
referencing the relevant benchmark performing differently (which may include payment of a lower Rate of 
Interest) than they would do if the relevant benchmark were to continue to apply, or if a Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate could be determined.

--- Page 25 ---
19
Due to the uncertainty concerning the availability of Successor Rate and Alternative Rates, the involvement of 
an Independent Adviser and the potential for further regulatory developments, there is a risk that the relevant 
fallback provisions may not operate as intended at the relevant time.
If the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or, the Independent Adviser fails to determine a 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate for the life of the relevant Notes, the initial Rate of Interest, or the Rate of 
Interest applicable as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date before the occurrence of the 
Benchmark Event, will continue to apply to maturity. This will result in the floating rate Notes, in effect, 
becoming fixed rate Notes.
(iv) ISDA Determination
Where ISDA Determination is specified as the manner in which the Rate of Interest in respect of floating rate 
Notes is to be determined, the Conditions provide that the Rate of Interest in respect of the Notes shall be 
determined by reference to the relevant Floating Rate Option in the 2006 ISDA Definitions. Where the 
Floating Rate Option specified is either LIBOR or EURIBOR Floating Rate Option, the Rate of Interest may 
be determined by reference to the relevant screen rate or the rate determined on the basis of quotations from 
certain banks. If either LIBOR or EURIBOR is permanently discontinued and the relevant screen rate or 
quotations from banks (as applicable) are not available, the operation of these provisions may lead to 
uncertainty as to the Rate of Interest that would be applicable, and may, adversely affect the value of, and
return on, the floating rate Notes.
The market continues to develop in relation to risk-free rates (including SONIA) as reference rates 
for floating rate Notes
(i)
Nascent risk-free rates and market
Investors should be aware that the market continues to develop in relation to risk-free rates, such as SONIA, 
as a reference rate in the capital markets for sterling bonds, and its adoption as an alternative to the relevant 
interbank offered rates. 
SONIA is a recently reformed newly established risk-free rate. Therefore, it has a limited performance history
and the future performance of SONIA is impossible to predict. As a consequence, no future performance of 
SONIA or Notes referencing SONIA may be inferred from any of the hypothetical or actual historical 
performance data. In addition, investors should be aware that risk-free rates may behave materially differently 
to interbank offered rates as interest reference rates. 
(ii)
Calculation of Interest
Interest is calculated on the basis of the compounded risk-free rate, which is calculated using the relevant 
specific formula set out in the Terms and Conditions, not the risk-free rate published on or in respect of a 
particular date during such Observation Period. For this and other reasons, the interest rate on the notes during 
any Observation Period will not be the same as the interest rate on other investments linked to the risk-free 
rate that use an alternative basis to determine the applicable interest rate. 
In addition, market conventions for calculating the interest rate for bonds referencing risk-free rates continue 
to develop and market participants and relevant working groups are exploring alternative reference rates 
based on risk-free rates. Accordingly, the specific formula for calculating the rate used in the Notes issued 
under this Prospectus may not be widely adopted by other market participants, if at all. The Issuer may in the 
future also issue Notes referencing risk-free rates that differ materially in terms of interest determination when 
compared with any previous Notes referencing risk-free rate rates issued by it. If the market adopts a different 
calculation method, that could adversely affect the market value of Notes issued under this Prospectus.

--- Page 26 ---
20
Each risk-free rate is published and calculated by third parties based on data received from other sources and 
the Issuer has no control over their respective determinations, calculations or publications. There can be no 
guarantee that the relevant risk-free rate (or the SONIA Compounded Index) will not be discontinued or
fundamentally altered in a manner that is materially adverse to the interests of investors in Notes linked to or 
which reference a such risk-free rate (or that any applicable benchmark fallback provisions provided for in the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes will provide a rate which is economically equivalent for Noteholders). The 
Bank of England does not have an obligation to consider the interests of Noteholders in calculating, adjusting, 
converting, revising or discontinuing the relevant risk-free rate (or the SONIA Compounded Index). If the 
manner in which the relevant risk-free rate is calculated is changed, that change may result in a reduction of 
the amount of interest payable on such Notes and/or the trading prices of such Notes.
(iii) Market Adoption
The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of risk-free rates that differs
significantly from that set out in the Terms and Conditions and used in relation to Notes that 
reference a risk-free rate issued under this Prospectus. Investors should carefully consider how 
any mismatch between the adoption of such reference rates in the bond, loan and derivatives 
markets may impact any hedging or other financial arrangements which they may put in place in 
connection with any acquisition, holding or disposal of any Notes. Risk-free rates differ from 
interbank offered rates in a number of material respects
Risk-free rates may differ from interbank offered rates in a number of material respects, including (without 
limitation) by being backwards-looking in most cases, calculated on a compounded or weighted average 
basis, risk-free, overnight rates, whereas such interbank offered rates are generally expressed on the basis of a 
forward-looking term, are unsecured and include a risk-element based on interbank lending. As such, 
investors should be aware that risk-free rates may behave materially differently to interbank offered rates as 
interest reference rates for the Notes. 
Risk-free rates offered as alternatives to interbank offered rates also have a limited history. For that reason, 
future performance of such rates may be difficult to predict based on their limited historical performance. The 
level of such rates during the term of the Notes may bear little or no relation to historical levels. Prior 
observed patterns, if any, in the behaviour of market variables and their relation to such rates such as 
correlations, may change in the future. 
Furthermore, interest on Notes which reference a backwards-looking risk-free rate is only capable of being 
determined immediately prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date. It may be difficult for investors in Notes 
which reference such risk-free rates to reliably estimate the amount of interest which will be payable on such
Notes, and some investors may be unable or unwilling to trade such Notes without changes to their IT 
systems, both of which could adversely impact the liquidity of such Notes. Further, in contrast to Notes linked 
to interbank offered rates, if Notes referencing backwards-looking SONIA become due and payable under 
Condition 10 (Events of Defaults) or are otherwise redeemed early on a date which is not an Interest Payment 
Date, the final Rate of Interest payable in respect of such Notes shall be determined by reference to a 
shortened period ending immediately prior to the date on which the Notes become due and payable or are 
scheduled for redemption.
The administrators of SONIA may make changes that could change the value of SONIA or 
discontinue SONIA
The Bank of England (or its successor) as administrator of SONIA (and the SONIA Compounded Index), may 
make methodological or other changes that could change the value of these risk-free rates and/or indices, 
including changes related to the method by which such rates and/or indices are calculated, eligibility criteria 
applicable to the transactions used to calculate such rates and/or indices, or timing related to the publication of

--- Page 27 ---
21
SONIA or the SONIA Compounded Index. In addition, an administrator may alter, discontinue or suspend 
calculation or dissemination of SONIA or the SONIA Compounded Index, in which case a fallback method of 
determining the interest rate on the Notes will apply in accordance with the Conditions (see "Risks relating to 
Notes which are linked to "benchmarks"). An administrator has no obligation to consider the interests of 
Noteholders when calculating, adjusting, converting, revising or discontinuing any such risk-free rate.
Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount or premium to their nominal amount tend to 
fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for conventional interest-bearing 
securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of the securities, the greater the price volatility as 
compared to conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable maturities.
Notes denominated in Renminbi are subject to additional risks
Set out below is a description of the principal risks which may be relevant to an investor in Notes 
denominated in Renminbi:
The Renminbi is not freely convertible. There are significant restrictions on remittance of 
Renminbi into and outside the PRC which may adversely affect the liquidity of Renminbi Notes
The Renminbi is not freely convertible at present. The government of the PRC (The “PRC Government”) 
continues to regulate conversion between the Renminbi and foreign currencies, despite significant reduction 
in control by it in recent years over routine foreign exchange transactions. These transactions are known as 
current account items. Subject to limited exceptions, there is currently no specific PRC regulation on the 
remittance of Renminbi into the PRC for settlement of capital account items. Foreign investors may only
remit offshore Renminbi into the PRC for capital account purposes such as shareholders’ loan or capital 
contribution upon obtaining specific approvals from the relevant authorities on a case-by-case basis. 
Regulations in the PRC on the remittance of Renminbi into the PRC for settlement of capital account items 
are developing gradually.
There is no assurance that the PRC Government will continue to liberalise gradually control over crossborder 
remittance of Renminbi in the future, that any pilot schemes will not be discontinued or that new regulations 
in the PRC will not be promulgated in the future which have the effect of restricting or eliminating the 
remittance of Renminbi into or outside the PRC.
There is only limited availability of Renminbi outside the PRC, which may affect the liquidity of 
the Renminbi Notes and the Issuer’s ability to source Renminbi outside the PRC to service such 
Renminbi Notes
As a result of the restrictions by the PRC government on cross-border Renminbi fund flows, the availability 
of Renminbi outside of the PRC is limited.
Although it is expected that the offshore Renminbi market will continue to grow in depth and size, its growth 
is subject to many constraints as a result of PRC laws and regulations on foreign exchange. There is no 
assurance that no new PRC regulations will be promulgated or the Settlement Agreement on the Clearing of
Renminbi Business will not be terminated or amended in the future which will have the effect of restricting 
availability of Renminbi offshore. The limited availability of Renminbi outside the PRC may affect the 
liquidity of the Notes. To the extent the Issuer is required to source Renminbi in the offshore market to service 
the Notes, there is no assurance that the Issuer will be able to source such Renminbi on satisfactory terms, if 
at all. If Renminbi is not available in certain circumstances as described in the Notes, the Issuer can make 
payments under the Notes in U.S. Dollars.

--- Page 28 ---
22
Payments for Notes denominated in Renminbi will only be made to investors in the manner 
specified for such Notes in the conditions of the Notes
Investors may be required to provide certification and other information (including Renminbi account 
information) in order to be allowed to receive payments in Renminbi in accordance with the Renminbi 
clearing and settlement system for participating banks in Hong Kong. All payments to investors in respect of 
Notes denominated in Renminbi will be made solely (i) for so long as such Notes are represented by a 
temporary global Note or a permanent global Note, by transfer to a Renminbi bank account maintained in 
Hong Kong in accordance with prevailing Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg rules and procedures, or 
(ii) for so long as such Notes are in definitive form, by transfer to a Renminbi bank account maintained in 
Hong Kong in accordance with prevailing rules and regulations; the Issuer cannot be required to make 
payment by any other means (including in any other currency or by transfer to a bank account in the PRC).
Risks related to Notes generally
Set out below is a brief description of certain risks relating to the Notes generally:
Noteholder Meetings
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes contain provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders to consider 
matters affecting their interests generally. These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Noteholders 
including Noteholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting and Noteholders who voted in a
manner contrary to the majority.
In addition, pursuant to Condition 5(k), if a Benchmark Event occurs, certain changes may be made to the 
interest calculation and related provisions of the Floating Rate Notes as well as the Agency Agreement in the 
circumstances and as otherwise set out in such Condition, without the requirement for the consent of the 
Noteholders.
European Monetary Union
It is possible that prior to the maturity of Notes issued under the Programme the euro may become the lawful 
currency of the Kingdom of Denmark. In that event (i) all amounts payable in respect of any Notes 
denominated in Danish kroner may become payable in euro; (ii) the law may allow or require such Notes to 
be re-denominated into euro and additional measures to be taken in respect of such Notes; and (iii) there may 
no longer be available published or displayed rates for deposits in Danish kroner used to determine the rates 
of interest on such Notes or changes in the way those rates are calculated, quoted and published or displayed. 
The introduction of the euro in any jurisdiction could also be accompanied by a volatile interest rate 
environment, which could adversely affect investors in the relevant Notes.
Change of law
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes are based on English law in effect as at the date of issue of the 
relevant Notes. No assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or change to 
English law or administrative practice after the date of issue of the relevant Notes.
Integral multiples of less than €100,000
In relation to any issue of Notes which have a denomination consisting of the minimum Specified 
Denomination of €100,000 plus a higher integral multiple of another smaller amount, it is possible that the 
Notes may be traded in amounts in excess of €100,000 (or its equivalent) that are not integral multiples of 
€100,000 (or its equivalent). In such a case a Noteholder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds a 
principal amount of less than the minimum Specified Denomination will not receive a definitive Note in

--- Page 29 ---
23
respect of such holding (should definitive Notes be printed) and would need to purchase a principal amount of 
Notes such that it holds an amount equal to one or more Specified Denominations.
If definitive Notes are issued, holders should be aware that definitive Notes which have a denomination that is
not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination may be illiquid and difficult to trade.
Enforcement of judgements issued by English courts in Denmark
A judgment entered against a company incorporated in Denmark in the courts of a state which is a 
Contracting State under and as defined in the Convention on Choice of Court Agreements of 30 June 2005 
(the “Hague Choice of Court Convention”) (such as the United Kingdom) will only be recognised in Denmark 
if the parties had agreed, on a fully symmetrical basis, to settle their disputes exclusively in the jurisdiction of 
one Contracting State. The Terms and Conditions of the Notes contain a non-exclusive jurisdiction clause 
which will be outside the scope of the Hague Convention and therefore (also given that the United Kingdom
is neither an EU member state nor is it as of the date of this Prospectus a Contracting State under the 
Convention on Jurisdiction and the Recognition and Enforcement of Judgments in Civil and Commercial 
Matters made at Lugano on 30 October 2007, as amended), a judgement rendered by an English court in 
relation to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes would be neither recognised nor enforced by the Danish 
courts without re-examination of the substantive matters thereby adjudicated. In connection with any re-
examination, the judgment of the foreign court will generally be accepted as material evidence, but the parties
must provide the Danish courts with satisfactory information about the contents of the relevant law of the 
contract and, if they fail to do so, the Danish courts may apply Danish law instead.
Risks related to the market generally
Set out below is a brief description of certain market risks, including liquidity risk, exchange rate risk, interest 
rate risk and credit risk:
The secondary market generally
Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. If a market does 
develop, it may not be liquid. Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Notes easily or at prices that 
will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary market. 
This is particularly the case for Notes that are especially sensitive to interest rate, currency or market risks, are 
designed for specific investment objectives or strategies or have been structured to meet the investment 
requirements of limited categories of investors. These types of Notes generally would have a more limited 
secondary market and more price volatility than conventional debt securities. Illiquidity may have a severely 
adverse effect on the market value of Notes.
Exchange rate risks and exchange controls
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency. This presents certain risks 
relating to currency conversions if an investor’s financial activities are denominated principally in a currency 
or currency unit (the “Investor’s Currency”) other than the Specified Currency. These include the risk that 
exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or 
revaluation of the Investor’s Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor’s 
Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. An appreciation in the value of the Investor’s Currency 
relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (1) the Investor’s Currency-equivalent yield on the Notes,
(2) the Investor’s Currency equivalent value of the principal payable on the Notes and (3) the Investor’s 
Currency equivalent market value of the Notes.

--- Page 30 ---
24
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that 
could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate. As a result, investors may receive less interest or principal 
than expected, or no interest or principal.
Interest rate risks
Investment in Fixed Rate Notes involves the risk that subsequent changes in market interest rates may 
adversely affect the value of Fixed Rate Notes.
Credit ratings may not reflect all risks
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to an issue of Notes. The ratings 
may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors discussed 
above, and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes. A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, 
sell or hold securities and may be revised or withdrawn by the rating agency at any time.

--- Page 31 ---
25
BASE PROSPECTUS SUPPLEMENT
If at any time the Issuer shall be required to prepare a prospectus supplement pursuant to Article 23 of the 
Prospectus Regulation, the Issuer will prepare and make available an appropriate supplement to this Base 
Prospectus which, in respect of any subsequent issue of Notes to be listed on the Official List and admitted to 
trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market, shall constitute a base prospectus supplement
as required by Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.
The Issuer has given an undertaking to the Dealers that if at any time during the duration of the Programme 
there is a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy relating to information contained in 
this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of any Notes and whose inclusion in or
removal from this Base Prospectus is necessary for the purpose of allowing an investor to make an informed 
assessment of the assets and liabilities, financial position, profits and losses and prospects of the Issuer, and 
the rights attaching to the Notes, the Issuer shall prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a 
replacement Base Prospectus for use in connection with any subsequent offering of the Notes and shall supply 
to each Dealer such number of copies of such supplement hereto as such Dealer may reasonably request.

--- Page 32 ---
26
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE
This Base Prospectus should be read and construed in conjunction with 
(i)
the audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer as of and for the financial year ended 31 
December 2019, together with the independent auditor’s report thereon, which have been previously
published or are published simultaneously with this Base Prospectus or filed with the CSSF and 
which are available at:
https://www.carlsberggroup.com/media/36698/carlsberg-breweries-as-annual-report-2019.pdf
(ii)
the audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer as of and for the financial year ended 31 
December 2020, together with the independent auditor’s report thereon, which have been previously 
published or are published simultaneously with this Base Prospectus or filed with the CSSF and 
which are available at:
https://www.carlsberggroup.com/media/43034/carlsberg-breweries-group-annual-report-
2020_final.pdf
(iii) the Terms and Conditions set out on pages 27 to 57 of the base prospectus published by the Issuer dated 
15 May 2020 available at: 
https://www.carlsberggroup.com/media/38533/carlsberg-breweries_2020-prospectus.pdf
(iv) the Terms and Conditions set out on pages 25 to 54 of the base prospectus published by the Issuer dated 
8 May 2019 available at:
https://www.carlsberggroup.com/media/36616/carlsberg-2019_prospectus.pdf
(v)
the Terms and Conditions set out on pages 22 to 48 of the base prospectus published by the Issuer dated 
8 June 2017 available at:
https://www.carlsberggroup.com/media/19334/final_carlsberg_prospectus_2017.pdf
(vi) the Terms and Conditions set out on pages 23 to 49 of the base prospectus published by the Issuer dated 
19 May 2014 available at:
https://www.carlsberggroup.com/media/7047/a17969565-v037-carlsberg_prospectus_2014.pdf
(vii) the Terms and Conditions set out on pages 21 to 48 of the base prospectus published by the Issuer dated 
7 June 2012 available at:
https://www.carlsberggroup.com/media/19433/a14785599-v1-3-carlsberg_prospectus-2012.pdf
The specified pages of such documents shall be incorporated by reference in and form part of this Base 
Prospectus, save that any statement contained in a document which is incorporated by reference herein shall 
be modified or superseded for the purpose of this Base Prospectus to the extent that a statement contained 
herein modifies or supersedes such earlier statement (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise). Any 
statement so modified or superseded shall not, except as so modified or superseded, constitute a part of this 
Base Prospectus. Those parts of the documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus which are 
not specifically incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus are either not relevant for prospective 
investors in the Notes or the relevant information is included elsewhere in this Base Prospectus.
Copies of each of the documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus may be obtained without 
charge from www.carlsberggroup.com and will be published in electronic form on the website of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu). The content of websites or URLs referred to in this Base

--- Page 33 ---
27
Prospectus do not form part of this Base Prospectus, except where that information has otherwise expressly
been incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus.
The table below sets out the relevant page references for the audited consolidated financial statements as of 
and for the financial years ended 31 December 2019 and 31 December 2020, respectively, as set out in the 
Issuer’s Annual Reports for these years, as available on the website listed above, in pdf form.

--- Page 34 ---
28
Audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer as of and for the financial year ended 31 December 
2019
Audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer as of and for the financial year ended 31 December 
2020
CARLSBERG BREWERIES A/S
Annual Report 2019
Carlsberg Breweries Group consolidated financial statements .................................
Pages 22 - 86
Income Statement...................................................................................................
Page 22
Statement of comprehensive income.......................................................................
Page 22
Statement of financial position................................................................................
Page 23
Statement of changes in equity................................................................................
Page 24
Statement of cash flows ..........................................................................................
Page 25
Notes .....................................................................................................................
Pages 26 - 86
Financial statements, Parent Company Carlsberg Breweries A/S .............................
Pages 88 - 102
Income Statement...................................................................................................
Page 88
Statement of comprehensive income .......................................................................
Page 88
Statement of financial position................................................................................
Page 89
Statement of changes in equity................................................................................
Page 90
Statement of cash flows ..........................................................................................
Page 90
Notes .....................................................................................................................
Pages 91 - 102
Management statement...........................................................................................
Page 103
The independent auditors’ report.............................................................................
Pages 104 - 107
CARLSBERG BREWERIES A/S
Annual Report 2020
Carlsberg Breweries Group consolidated financial statements .................................
Pages 30 - 99
Income Statement...................................................................................................
Page 30
Statement of comprehensive income.......................................................................
Page 30
Statement of financial position................................................................................
Page 31
Statement of changes in equity................................................................................
Page 32
Statement of cash flows ..........................................................................................
Page 33
Notes .....................................................................................................................
Pages 34 - 99
Financial statements, Parent Company Carlsberg Breweries A/S .............................
Pages 100 - 114
Income Statement...................................................................................................
Page 100

--- Page 35 ---
29
Statement of comprehensive income .......................................................................
Page 100
Statement of financial position................................................................................
Page 101
Statement of changes in equity................................................................................
Page 102
Statement of cash flows ..........................................................................................
Page 102
Notes .....................................................................................................................
Pages 103 - 114
Management statement...........................................................................................
Page 115
The independent auditors’ report.............................................................................
Pages 116- 119

--- Page 36 ---
30
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES
The following is the text of the terms and conditions that, subject to completion in accordance with the provisions 
of Part A of the relevant Final Terms, shall be applicable to the Notes in definitive form (if any) issued in exchange 
for the Global Note(s) representing each Series. Either (i) the full text of these terms and conditions together with 
the relevant provisions of Part A of the Final Terms or (ii) these terms and conditions as so completed, amended, 
supplemented or varied (and subject to simplification by the deletion of non-applicable provisions), shall be
endorsed on such Bearer Notes or on the Certificates relating to such Registered Notes. All capitalised terms that 
are not defined in these Conditions will have the meanings given to them in Part A of the relevant Final Terms. 
Those definitions will be endorsed on the definitive Notes or Certificates, as the case may be. References in the 
Conditions to “Notes” are to the Notes of one Series only, not to all Notes that may be issued under the 
Programme.
The Notes are issued pursuant to an Agency Agreement dated 15 April 2021 (as amended or supplemented as at the 
Issue Date, the “Agency Agreement”) between the Issuer, BNP Paribas Securities Services, Luxembourg as fiscal 
agent and the other agents named in it and with the benefit of a Deed of Covenant (as amended or supplemented as 
at the Issue Date, the “Deed of Covenant”) dated 7 June 2012 executed by the Issuer in relation to the Notes. The 
fiscal agent, the paying agents, the registrar, the transfer agents and the calculation agent(s) for the time being (if 
any) are referred to below respectively as the “Fiscal Agent”, the “Paying Agents” (which expression shall include 
the Fiscal Agent), the “Registrar”, the “Transfer Agents” and the “Calculation Agent(s)”. The Noteholders (as 
defined below), the holders of the interest coupons (the “Coupons”) relating to interest bearing Notes in bearer 
form and, where applicable in the case of such Notes, talons for further Coupons (the “Talons”) (the
“Couponholders”) are deemed to have notice of all of the provisions of the Agency Agreement applicable to them.
As used in these Terms and Conditions (the “Conditions”), “Tranche” means Notes which are identical in all 
respects.
Copies of the Agency Agreement and the Deed of Covenant are available for inspection at the specified offices of 
each of the Paying Agents, the Registrar and the Transfer Agents.
References herein to the “RMB Notes” are to Notes denominated in Renminbi. References herein to “Renminbi”, 
“RMB” and “CNY” are to the lawful currency of the People’s Republic of China (the “PRC”) which, for the 
purposes of the Conditions, excludes the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the PRC, the Macau Special 
Administrative Region of the PRC and Taiwan.
1
Form, Denomination and Title
The Notes are issued in bearer form (“Bearer Notes”, which expression includes Notes that are specified to be 
Exchangeable Bearer Notes), in registered form (“Registered Notes”) or in bearer form exchangeable for 
Registered Notes (“Exchangeable Bearer Notes”) in each case in the Specified Denomination(s) shown hereon 
provided that in the case of any Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market within the
European Economic Area or the United Kingdom or offered to the public in a Member State of the European 
Economic Area or the United Kingdom in circumstances which require the publication of a prospectus under the 
Prospectus Regulation, the minimum Specified Denomination shall be €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other 
currency as at the date of issue of the relevant Notes).
All Registered Notes shall have the same Specified Denomination. Where Exchangeable Bearer Notes are issued, 
the Registered Notes for which they are exchangeable shall have the same Specified Denomination as the lowest 
denomination of Exchangeable Bearer Notes.
This Note is a Fixed Rate Note, a Floating Rate Note, a Zero Coupon Note, a combination of any of the foregoing 
or any other kind of Note, depending upon the Interest Basis shown hereon.

--- Page 37 ---
31
Bearer Notes are serially numbered and are issued with Coupons (and, where appropriate, a Talon) attached, save 
in the case of Zero Coupon Notes in which case references to interest (other than in relation to interest due after the 
Maturity Date), Coupons and Talons in these Conditions are not applicable. 
Registered Notes are represented by registered certificates (“Certificates”) and, save as provided in Condition 2(c), 
each Certificate shall represent the entire holding of Registered Notes by the same holder.
Title to the Bearer Notes and the Coupons and Talons shall pass by delivery. Title to the Registered Notes shall pass 
by registration in the register that the Issuer shall procure to be kept by the Registrar in accordance with the 
provisions of the Agency Agreement (the “Register”). Except as ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction or as 
required by law, the holder (as defined below) of any Note, Coupon or Talon shall be deemed to be and may be 
treated as its absolute owner for all purposes, whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any notice of 
ownership, trust or an interest in it, any writing on it (or on the Certificate representing it) or its theft or loss (or that 
of the related Certificate) and no person shall be liable for so treating the holder.
In these Conditions, “Noteholder” means the bearer of any Bearer Note or the person in whose name a Registered 
Note is registered (as the case may be), “holder” (in relation to a Note, Coupon or Talon) means the bearer of any 
Bearer Note, Coupon or Talon or the person in whose name a Registered Note is registered (as the case may be). 
Capitalised terms have the meanings given to them hereon, the absence of any such meaning indicating that such 
term is not applicable to the Notes.
2
Exchanges of Exchangeable Bearer Notes and Transfers of Registered Notes
(a)
Exchange of Exchangeable Bearer Notes
Subject as provided in Condition 2(f), Exchangeable Bearer Notes may be exchanged for the same nominal 
amount of Registered Notes at the request in writing of the relevant Noteholder and upon surrender of each 
Exchangeable Bearer Note to be exchanged, together with all unmatured Coupons and Talons relating to it, 
at the specified office of any Transfer Agent; provided, however, that where an Exchangeable Bearer Note is 
surrendered for exchange after the Record Date (as defined in Condition 7(b)) for any payment of interest, 
the Coupon in respect of that payment of interest need not be surrendered with it. Registered Notes may not 
be exchanged for Bearer Notes. Bearer Notes of one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for 
Bearer Notes of another Specified Denomination. Bearer Notes that are not Exchangeable Bearer Notes may 
not be exchanged for Registered Notes.
(b)
Transfer of Registered Notes
One or more Registered Notes may be transferred upon the surrender (at the specified office of the Registrar 
or any Transfer Agent) of the Certificate representing such Registered Notes to be transferred, together with 
the form of transfer endorsed on such Certificate, (or another form of transfer substantially in the same form 
and containing the same representations and certifications (if any), unless otherwise agreed by the Issuer), 
duly completed and executed and any other evidence as the Registrar or Transfer Agent may reasonably 
require. In the case of a transfer of part only of a holding of Registered Notes represented by one Certificate, 
a new Certificate shall be issued to the transferee in respect of the part transferred and a further new
Certificate in respect of the balance of the holding not transferred shall be issued to the transferor. All 
transfers of Notes and entries on the Register will be made subject to the detailed regulations concerning 
transfers of Notes scheduled to the Agency Agreement. The regulations may be changed by the Issuer, with 
the prior written approval of the Registrar and the Noteholders. A copy of the current regulations will be 
made available by the Registrar to any Noteholder upon request.
(c)
Exercise of Options or Partial Redemption in Respect of Registered Notes

--- Page 38 ---
32
In the case of an exercise of an Issuer’s or Noteholders’ option in respect of, or a partial redemption of, a 
holding of Registered Notes represented by a single Certificate, a new Certificate shall be issued to the 
holder to reflect the exercise of such option or in respect of the balance of the holding not redeemed. In the 
case of a partial exercise of an option resulting in Registered Notes of the same holding having different 
terms, separate Certificates shall be issued in respect of those Notes of that holding that have the same 
terms. New Certificates shall only be issued against surrender of the existing Certificates to the Registrar or 
any Transfer Agent. In the case of a transfer of Registered Notes to a person who is already a holder of 
Registered Notes, a new Certificate representing the enlarged holding shall only be issued against surrender 
of the Certificate representing the existing holding.
(d)
Delivery of New Certificates
Each new Certificate to be issued pursuant to Conditions 2(a), (b) or (c) shall be available for delivery 
within three business days of receipt of the request for exchange, form of transfer or Exercise Notice (as 
defined in Condition 6(e)) and surrender of the Certificate for exchange. Delivery of the new Certificate(s) 
shall be made at the specified office of the Transfer Agent or of the Registrar (as the case may be) to whom 
delivery or surrender of such request for exchange, form of transfer, Exercise Notice or Certificate shall
have been made or, at the option of the holder making such delivery or surrender as aforesaid and as 
specified in the relevant request for exchange, form of transfer, Exercise Notice or otherwise in writing, be 
mailed by uninsured post at the risk of the holder entitled to the new Certificate to such address as may be 
so specified, unless such holder requests otherwise and pays in advance to the relevant Agent (as defined in 
the Agency Agreement) the costs of such other method of delivery and/or such insurance as it may specify. 
In this Condition 2(d), “business day” means a day, other than a Saturday or Sunday, on which banks are 
open for business in the place of the specified office of the relevant Transfer Agent or the Registrar (as the 
case may be).
(e)
Exchange Free of Charge
Exchange and transfer of Notes and Certificates on registration, transfer, partial redemption or exercise of 
an option shall be effected without charge by or on behalf of the Issuer, the Registrar or the Transfer Agents, 
but upon payment of any tax or other governmental charges that may be imposed in relation to it (or the 
giving of such indemnity as the Registrar or the relevant Transfer Agent may require).
(f)
Closed Periods
No Noteholder may require the transfer of a Registered Note to be registered or an Exchangeable Bearer 
Note to be exchanged for one or more Registered Note(s) (i) during the period of 15 days ending on the due 
date for redemption of that Note, (ii) during the period of 15 days before any date on which Notes may be 
called for redemption by the Issuer at its option pursuant to Condition 6(d), (iii) after any such Note has 
been called for redemption or (iv) during the period of seven days ending on (and including) any Record 
Date. An Exchangeable Bearer Note called for redemption may, however, be exchanged for one or more 
Registered Note(s) in respect of which the Certificate is simultaneously surrendered not later than the 
relevant Record Date.
3
Status
The Notes and Coupons relating to them constitute direct, unsubordinated, unconditional and (subject to Condition 
4) unsecured obligations of the Issuer and shall at all times rank pari passu and without any preference among 
themselves. The payment obligations of the Issuer under the Notes and Coupons relating to them shall, save for 
such exceptions as may be provided by applicable legislation and subject to Condition 4, at all times rank at least 
equally with all other unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness and monetary obligations of the Issuer, present 
and future.

--- Page 39 ---
33
4
Negative Pledge
So long as any Note or Coupon remains outstanding (as defined in the Fiscal Agency Agreement) the Issuer will 
not, and will ensure that none of its Principal Subsidiaries (as defined in Condition 10) will create, or have 
outstanding any mortgage, charge, lien, pledge or other security interest, upon the whole or any part of its present 
or future undertaking, assets or revenues (including any uncalled capital) to secure (a) any Relevant Indebtedness, 
or (b) any guarantee or indemnity in respect of any Relevant Indebtedness without at the same time or prior thereto 
according to the Notes and the Coupons the same security as is created or subsisting to secure any such Relevant 
Indebtedness, guarantee or indemnity or such other security as shall be approved by an Extraordinary Resolution 
(as defined in the Fiscal Agency Agreement) of the Noteholders.
In these Conditions, “Relevant Indebtedness” means any present or future indebtedness which is in the form of, or 
represented or evidenced by, bonds, notes, debentures, loan stock or other securities which for the time being are, 
or are intended to be or capable of being, quoted, listed or dealt in or traded on any stock exchange or over-the-
counter or other securities market.
5
Interest and other Calculations
(a)
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount from and including the Interest 
Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest, such 
interest being payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date. The amount of interest payable shall be 
determined in accordance with Condition 5(h). In the case of RMB Notes, if any Interest Payment Date 
would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day (as defined below), it shall be postponed to the 
next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month in which event it 
shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day.
(b)
Interest on Floating Rate Notes
(i) Interest Payment Dates:
Each Floating Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount from and including the 
Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Rate of 
Interest, such interest being payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date. The amount of interest 
payable shall be determined in accordance with Condition 5(f). Such Interest Payment Date(s) is/are 
either shown hereon as Specified Interest Payment Dates or, if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s)
is/are shown hereon, Interest Payment Date shall mean each date which falls the number of months 
or other period shown hereon as the Interest Period after the preceding Interest Payment Date or, in 
the case of the first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement Date.
(ii) Business Day Convention:
If any date referred to in these Conditions that is specified to be subject to adjustment in accordance 
with a Business Day Convention would otherwise fall on a day that is not a Business Day, then, if the
Business Day Convention specified is (A) the Floating Rate Business Day Convention, such date 
shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next 
calendar month, in which event (x) such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding 
Business Day and (y) each subsequent such date shall be the last Business Day of the month in which 
such date would have fallen had it not been subject to adjustment, (B) the Following Business Day 
Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day, (C) the Modified 
Following Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business 
Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event such date shall be

--- Page 40 ---
34
brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day or (D) the Preceding Business Day 
Convention, such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day.
(iii)
Rate of Interest for Floating Rate Notes:
The Rate of Interest in respect of Floating Rate Notes for each Interest Accrual Period shall be 
determined in the manner specified hereon and the provisions below relating to any of ISDA 
Determination, Screen Rate Determination and/or Linear Interpolation shall apply, depending upon 
which is specified hereon.
(A)
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes:
Where ISDA Determination is specified hereon as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be 
determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period shall be determined by the 
Calculation Agent as a rate equal to the relevant ISDA Rate. For the purposes of this sub-paragraph 
(A), “ISDA Rate” for an Interest Accrual Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would 
be determined by the Calculation Agent under a Swap Transaction under the terms of an agreement 
incorporating the ISDA Definitions and under which:
(x)
the Floating Rate Option is as specified hereon
(y)
the Designated Maturity is a period specified hereon and
(z)
the relevant Reset Date is the first day of that Interest Accrual Period unless 
otherwise specified hereon.
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), “Floating Rate”, “Calculation Agent”, “Floating 
Rate Option”, “Designated Maturity”, “Reset Date” and “Swap Transaction” have the 
meanings given to those terms in the ISDA Definitions.
(B)
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes not referencing SONIA:
(x)
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified hereon as the manner in which the Rate 
of Interest is to be determined, and unless the Reference Rate in respect of the relevant
Series of Floating Rate Notes is specified hereon as being “SONIA”, the Rate of 
Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will, subject as provided below and in 
Condition 5(k), be either:
(1) the offered quotation; or
(2) the arithmetic mean of the offered quotations,
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate which appears or 
appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page as at either 11.00 a.m. 
(London time in the case of LIBOR or Brussels time in the case of EURIBOR) on the 
Interest Determination Date in question as determined by the Calculation Agent. If five 
or more of such offered quotations are available on the Relevant Screen Page, the
highest (or, if there is more than one such highest quotation, one only of such 
quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is more than one such lowest quotation, one 
only of such quotations) shall be disregarded by the Calculation Agent for the purpose 
of determining the arithmetic mean of such offered quotations.
(y)
if the Relevant Screen Page is not available or, if sub-paragraph (x)(1) applies and no 
such offered quotation appears on the Relevant Screen Page, or, if subparagraph (x)(2) 
applies and fewer than three such offered quotations appear on the Relevant Screen

--- Page 41 ---
35
Page, in each case as at the time specified above, subject as provided below, the Issuer
shall request, if the Reference Rate is LIBOR, the principal London office of each of 
the Reference Banks or, if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, the principal Euro-zone 
office of each of the Reference Banks, to provide the Calculation Agent with its offered 
quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate if the 
Reference Rate is LIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (London time), or if the 
Reference Rate is EURIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) on the 
Interest Determination Date in question. If two or more of the Reference Banks provide
the Calculation Agent with such offered quotations, the Rate of Interest for such 
Interest Accrual Period shall be the arithmetic mean of such offered quotations as 
determined by the Calculation Agent; and
(z)
if paragraph (y) above applies and the Calculation Agent determines that fewer than 
two Reference Banks are providing offered quotations, subject as provided below, the 
Rate of Interest shall be the arithmetic mean of the rates per annum (expressed as a 
percentage) as communicated to the Calculation Agent at the request of the Issuer by 
the Reference Banks or any two or more of them, at which such banks were offered, if 
the Reference Rate is LIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (London time) or, if the 
Reference Rate is EURIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) on the 
relevant Interest Determination Date, deposits in the Specified Currency for a period 
equal to that which would have been used for the Reference Rate by leading banks in, 
if the Reference Rate is LIBOR, the London inter-bank market or, if the Reference 
Rate is EURIBOR, the Euro-zone inter-bank market, as the case may be, or, if fewer 
than two of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with such offered rates, 
the offered rate for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which 
would have been used for the Reference Rate, or the arithmetic mean of the offered 
rates for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have 
been used for the Reference Rate, at which, if the Reference Rate is LIBOR, at 
approximately 11.00 a.m. (London time) or, if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, at 
approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time), on the relevant Interest Determination Date, 
any one or more banks (which bank or banks is or are in the opinion of the Issuer 
suitable for such purpose) informs the Issuer it is quoting to leading banks in, if the 
Reference Rate is LIBOR, the London inter-bank market or, if the Reference Rate is 
EURIBOR, the Euro-zone inter-bank market, as the case may be, provided that, if the 
Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of 
this paragraph, the Rate of Interest shall be determined as at the last preceding Interest 
Determination Date (though substituting, where a different Margin or Maximum or 
Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest Accrual Period from 
that which applied to the last preceding Interest Accrual Period, the Margin or 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest Accrual Period, 
in place of the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last 
preceding Interest Accrual Period).
(C)
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes referencing Compounded SONIA
(x)
SONIA Compounded Index Rate
Where (i) Screen Rate Determination is specified hereon as the manner in which the 
Rate of Interest is to be determined; (ii) the Reference Rate is specified hereon as being 
SONIA; and (iii) SONIA Compounded Index Rate is specified hereon, the Rate of

--- Page 42 ---
36
Interest for each Interest Period will, subject to Condition 5(k), be the SONIA 
Compounded Index Rate as follows, plus or minus (as indicated hereon) the Margin.
For the purposes of this Condition 5(b)(C)(x)
“SONIA Compounded Index Rate” means with respect to an Interest Period, the rate of 
return of a daily compound interest investment during the Observation Period 
corresponding to such Interest Period (with the daily Sterling overnight reference rate as 
reference rate for the calculation of interest) and will be calculated by the Calculation 
Agent on the Interest Determination Date, as follows, and the resulting percentage will 
be rounded, if necessary, to the fourth decimal place, with 0.00005 being rounded 
upwards,
provided, however, that and subject to Condition 5(k), if the SONIA Compounded Index 
Value is not available in relation to any Interest Period on the Relevant Screen Page for 
the determination of either or both of SONIA Compounded IndexSTART and SONIA 
Compounded IndexEND, the Rate of Interest shall be calculated for such Interest Period
on the basis of the SONIA Compounded Daily Reference Rate as set out in Condition 
5(b)(iii)(C)(y) as if SONIA Compounded Daily Reference Rate with Observation Shift 
had been specified hereon and the “Relevant Screen Page” shall be deemed to be the 
“Relevant Fallback Screen Page” as specified hereon,
where:
“d” means the number of calendar days in the relevant Observation Period;
“London Business Day”, means any day on which commercial banks are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) 
in London; 
“Observation Period” means, in respect of an Interest Period, the period from (and 
including) the date falling “p” London Business Days prior to the first day of such 
Interest Period (and the first Observation Period shall begin on and include the date 
which is “p” London Business Days prior to the Issue Date) and ending on (but 
excluding) the date which is “p” London Business Days prior to the Interest Payment 
Date for such Interest Period (or the date falling “p” London Business Days prior to such 
earlier date, if any, on which the Notes become due and payable);
“p” means, for any Interest Period the whole number specified hereon (or, if no such 
number is so specified, five London Business Days) representing a number of London 
Business Days;
“SONIA Compounded Index” means the index known as the SONIA Compounded 
Index administered by the Bank of England (or any successor administrator thereof);

--- Page 43 ---
37
“SONIA Compounded IndexSTART” means, in respect of an Interest Period, the SONIA 
Compounded Index Value on the date falling “p” London Business Days prior to (i) the 
first day of such Interest Period, or (ii) in the case of the first Interest Period, the Issue 
Date;
“SONIA Compounded IndexEND” means the SONIA Compounded Index Value on the
date falling “p” London Business Days prior to (i) in respect of an Interest Period, the 
Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period, or (ii)if the Notes become due and 
payable prior to the end of an Interest Period , the date on which the Notes become so 
due and payable; and
“SONIA Compounded Index Value” means in relation to any London Business Day, 
the value of the SONIA Compounded Index as published by authorised distributors on 
the Relevant Screen Page on such London Business Day or, if the value of the SONIA 
Compounded Index cannot be obtained from such authorised distributors, as published 
on the Bank of England’s Website at www.bankofengland.co.uk/boeapps/database/ (or
such other page or website as may replace such page for the purposes of publishing the 
SONIA Compounded Index) on such London Business Day .
(y)
SONIA Compounded Daily Reference Rate
Where (i) Screen Rate Determination is specified hereon as the manner in which the 
Rate of Interest is to be determined; (ii) the Reference Rate is specified hereon as being 
SONIA; and (iii) and SONIA Compounded Daily Reference Rate is specified hereon, 
the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will be the SONIA Compounded Daily 
Reference Rate as follows, plus or minus (as indicated hereon) the Margin,
“SONIA Compounded Daily Reference Rate” means, in respect of an Interest Period, 
the rate of return of a daily compound interest investment during the Observation Period 
corresponding to such Interest Period (with the daily Sterling overnight reference rate as 
reference rate for the calculation of interest) and will be calculated by the Calculation 
Agent on the Interest Determination Date, as follows, and the resulting percentage will 
be rounded, if necessary, to the fourth decimal place, with 0.00005 being rounded 
upwards,
Where :
“London Business Day”, “Observation Period” and “p” have the meanings set out 
under Condition 5(b)(iii)(C)(x);
  “d” is the number of calendar days in the relevant:
(i)
Observation Period where Observation Shift is specified hereon; or
(ii)
Interest Period where Lag is specified hereon;
“do” is the number of London Business Days in the relevant:

--- Page 44 ---
38
(iii)
Observation Period where Observation Shift is specified hereon; or
(iv)
Interest Period where Lag is specified hereon;
“i” is a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the relevant London 
Business Day in chronological order from, and including, the first London Business Day 
in the relevant;
(i)
Observation Period where Observation Shift is specified hereon; or
(v)
Interest Period where Lag is specified hereon;
“ni”, for any London Business Day “i”, means the number of calendar days from and 
including such London Business Day “i” up to but excluding the following London 
Business Day;
“SONIAi” means, in relation to any London Business Day the SONIA reference rate in 
respect of that London Business Day; and
the “SONIA reference rate”, in respect of any London Business Day, is a reference rate 
equal to the daily Sterling Overnight Index Average (“SONIA”) rate for such London 
Business Day as provided by the administrator of SONIA to authorised distributors and as 
then published on the Relevant Screen Page on the next following London Business Day 
or, if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as published by authorised distributors on 
such London Business Day or, if SONIA cannot be obtained from such authorised 
distributors, 
as 
published 
on 
the 
Bank 
of 
England’s 
Website 
at 
www.bankofengland.co.uk/boeapps/database/ (or such other page or website as may 
replace such page for the purposes of publishing the SONIA reference rate)
(z)
Subject to Condition 5(k), where SONIA is specified as the Reference Rate hereon 
and either (i) SONIA Compounded Daily Reference Rate is specified hereon, or (ii) the SONIA 
Compounded Index Rate is specified hereon and Condition 5(b)(iii)(C)(y) applies, if, in respect 
of any London Business Day, the SONIA reference rate is not available on the Relevant Screen 
Page or Relevant Fallback Screen Page as applicable (or as otherwise provided in the relevant 
definition thereof), such Reference Rate shall be: 
1.
(i) the Bank of England’s Bank Rate (the “Bank Rate”) prevailing at close of 
business on the relevant London Business Day; plus (ii) the mean of the spread of 
the SONIA reference rate to the Bank Rate over the previous five days on which 
the SONIA reference rate has been published, excluding the highest spread (or, if 
there is more than one highest spread, one only of those highest spreads) and 
lowest spread (or, if there is more than one lowest spread, one only of those lowest 
spreads) to the Bank Rate, or
2.
if such Bank Rate is not available, the SONIA reference rate published on the 
Relevant Screen Page (or as otherwise provided in the relevant definition thereof) 
for the first preceding London Business Day on which the SONIA reference rate 
was published on the Relevant Screen Page (or as otherwise provided in the 
relevant authorised distributors), and
in each case, SONIAi shall be interpreted accordingly.
(aa)
If the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions, but 
without prejudice to Condition 5(k), the Rate of Interest shall be (i) that determined as at the

--- Page 45 ---
39
last preceding Interest Determination Date (though substituting, where a different Margin or 
Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Accrual Period, the 
Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period, in place of the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate 
of Interest relating to that last preceding Interest Accrual Period) or (ii) if there is no such 
preceding Interest Determination Date, the initial Rate of Interest which would have been
applicable to such Series of Notes for the first Interest Accrual Period had the Notes been in 
issue for a period equal in duration to the scheduled first Interest Accrual Period but ending on 
(and excluding) the Interest Commencement Date (but applying the Margin and any Maximum 
Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest applicable to the first Interest Accrual Period).
If the relevant Series of Notes become due and payable in accordance with Condition 10, the final 
Interest Determination Date shall, notwithstanding any Interest Determination Date specified hereon, 
be deemed to be the date on which such Notes become due and payable and the Rate of Interest on 
such Notes shall, for so long as any such Notes remain outstanding, be that determined on such date.
(D)
Linear Interpolation
Where Linear Interpolation is specified hereon as applicable in respect of an Interest Accrual Period, 
the Rate of Interest for such Interest Accrual Period shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent by 
straight line linear interpolation by reference to two rates based on the relevant Reference Rate 
(where Screen Rate Determination is specified hereon as applicable) or the relevant Floating Rate 
Option (where ISDA Determination is specified hereon as applicable), one of which shall be 
determined as if the Applicable Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available next
shorter than the length of the relevant Interest Accrual Period and the other of which shall be 
determined as if the Applicable Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available next 
longer than the length of the relevant Interest Accrual Period provided however that if there is no rate
available for the period of time next shorter or, as the case may be, next longer, then the Calculation
Agent shall determine such rate at such time and by reference to such sources as it determines 
appropriate.
“Applicable Maturity” means: (a) in relation to Screen Rate Determination, the period of time
designated in the Reference Rate, and (b) in relation to ISDA Determination, the Designated 
Maturity.
(c)
Zero Coupon Notes
Where a Note the Interest Basis of which is specified to be Zero Coupon is repayable prior to the Maturity 
Date and is not paid when due, the amount due and payable prior to the Maturity Date shall be the Early 
Redemption Amount of such Note. As from the Maturity Date, the Rate of Interest for any overdue principal 
of such a Note shall be a rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Amortisation Yield (as 
described in Condition 6(b)(i)).
(d)
Accrual of Interest
Interest shall cease to accrue on each Note on the due date for redemption unless, upon due presentation, 
payment is improperly withheld or refused, in which event interest shall continue to accrue (both before and 
after judgment) at the Rate of Interest in the manner provided in this Condition 5 to the Relevant Date (as 
defined in Condition 8).

--- Page 46 ---
40
(e)
Margin, Maximum/Minimum Rates of Interest, Redemption Amounts and Rounding:
(i)
If any Margin is specified hereon (either (x) generally, or (y) in relation to one or more Interest 
Accrual Periods), an adjustment shall be made to all Rates of Interest, in the case of (x), or the Rates 
of Interest for the specified Interest Accrual Periods, in the case of (y), calculated in accordance with 
(b) above by adding (if a positive number) or subtracting the absolute value (if a negative number) of 
such Margin subject always to the next paragraph.
(ii)
If any Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest or Redemption Amount is specified hereon, then any 
Rate of Interest or Redemption Amount shall be subject to such maximum or minimum, as the case 
may be.
(iii)
For the purposes of any calculations required pursuant to these Conditions (unless otherwise 
specified), (x) all percentages resulting from such calculations shall be rounded, if necessary, to the 
nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (with halves being rounded up), all figures
shall be rounded to seven significant figures (with halves being rounded up) and all currency 
amounts that fall due and payable shall be rounded to the nearest unit of such currency (with halves 
being rounded up), save in the case of yen, which shall be rounded down to the nearest yen. For these 
purposes “unit” means the lowest amount of such currency that is available as legal tender in the 
country of such currency.
(f)
Calculations
The amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount in respect of any Note for any Interest Accrual 
Period shall be equal to the product of the Rate of Interest, the Calculation Amount specified hereon, and the 
Day Count Fraction for such Interest Accrual Period, unless an Interest Amount (or a formula for its 
calculation) is applicable to such Interest Accrual Period, in which case the amount of interest payable per 
Calculation Amount in respect of such Note for such Interest Accrual Period shall equal such Interest 
Amount (or be calculated in accordance with such formula). Where any Interest Period comprises two or
more Interest Accrual Periods, the amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount in respect of such 
Interest Period shall be the sum of the Interest Amounts payable in respect of each of those Interest Accrual
Periods. In respect of any other period for which interest is required to be calculated, the provisions above 
shall apply save that the Day Count Fraction shall be for the period for which interest is required to be 
calculated.
(g)
Determination and Publication of Rates of Interest, Interest Amounts, Final Redemption 
Amounts, Early Redemption Amounts, Optional Redemption Amounts and Change of Control 
Redemption Amounts
The Calculation Agent shall, as soon as practicable on each Interest Determination Date, or such other time 
on such date as the Calculation Agent may be required to calculate any rate or amount, obtain any quotation 
or make any determination or calculation, determine such rate and calculate the Interest Amounts for the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period, calculate the Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount, 
Optional Redemption Amount or Change of Control Redemption Amount, obtain such quotation or make 
such determination or calculation, as the case may be, and cause the Rate of Interest and the Interest 
Amounts for each Interest Accrual Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date and, if required to be 
calculated, the Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount, Optional Redemption Amount or 
Change of Control Redemption Amount to be notified to the Fiscal Agent, the Issuer, each of the Paying
Agents, the Noteholders, any other Calculation Agent appointed in respect of the Notes that is to make a 
further calculation upon receipt of such information and, if the Notes are listed on a stock exchange and the 
rules of such exchange or other relevant authority so require, such exchange or other relevant authority as

--- Page 47 ---
41
soon as possible after their determination but in no event later than (i) the commencement of the relevant 
Interest Period, if determined prior to such time, in the case of notification to such exchange of a Rate of 
Interest and Interest Amount, or (ii) in all other cases, the fourth Business Day after such determination. 
Where any Interest Payment Date or Interest Period Date is subject to adjustment pursuant to Condition
5(b)(ii), the Interest Amounts and the Interest Payment Date so published may subsequently be amended (or 
appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) without notice in the event of an
extension or shortening of the Interest Period. If the Notes become due and payable under Condition 10, the 
accrued interest and the Rate of Interest payable in respect of the Notes shall, subject in the case of each of 
the SONIA Compounded Index Rate and the SONIA Compounded Daily Reference Rate to Condition 
5(b)(iii)(C)(y)(i), nevertheless continue to be calculated as previously in accordance with this Condition but 
no publication of the Rate of Interest or the Interest Amount so calculated need be made. The determination 
of any rate or amount, the obtaining of each quotation and the making of each determination or calculation 
by the Calculation Agent(s) shall (in the absence of manifest error) be final and binding upon all parties.
(h)
Definitions
In these Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined terms shall have the 
meanings set out below:
“Business Day” means:
(i)     in the case of a currency other than euro or Renminbi, a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in the principal financial 
centre for such currency and/or
(ii)      in the case of euro, a day on which the TARGET system is operating (a “TARGET Business Day”) 
(iii)
in relation to any sum payable in Renminbi, a day (other than a Saturday, Sunday or public holiday) 
on which commercial banks in Hong Kong are generally open for business and settlement of 
Renminbi payments in Hong Kong and/or
(iv)     in the case of a currency and/or one or more Business Centres, a day (other than a Saturday or a 
Sunday) on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in such currency 
in the Business Centre(s) or, if no currency is indicated, generally in each of the Business Centres.
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any Note for any 
period of time (from and including the first day of such period to but excluding the last) (whether or not 
constituting an Interest Period or an Interest Accrual Period, the “Calculation Period”):
(i)      if “Actual/Actual” or “Actual/Actual – ISDA” is specified hereon, the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Calculation Period falls in a leap year, 
the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a leap 
year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period
falling in a non-leap year divided by 365)
(ii)      if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified hereon, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 365
(iii)
if “Actual/360” is specified hereon, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 
360
(iv)     if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified hereon, the number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows:

--- Page 48 ---
42
360
)]
D
D
(
)]
M
M
(
30
[
)]
Y
Y
(
360
[
Fraction
Count
Day
1
2
1
2
1
2








where:
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls;
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls;
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period
falls;
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls;
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such number 
would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in the 
Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which case D2 will 
be 30
(v)      if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified hereon, the number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows:
360
)]
D
D
(
)]
M
M
(
30
[
)]
Y
Y
(
360
[
Fraction
Count
Day
1
2
1
2
1
2








where:
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls;
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls;
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls;
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls;
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such number 
would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in the 
Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30
(vi)     if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is specified hereon, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 
360, calculated on a formula basis as follows:
360
)]
D
D
(
)]
M
M
(
30
[
)]
Y
Y
(
360
[
Fraction
Count
Day
1
2
1
2
1
2








where:
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls;

--- Page 49 ---
43
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day
included in the Calculation Period falls;
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls;
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls;
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is 
the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in the 
Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Maturity Date or (ii) 
such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30
(vii)
if “Actual/Actual – ICMA” is specified hereon,
(a)
if the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during which it 
falls, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the product of (x) the number of 
days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination Periods normally 
ending in any year; and
(b)
if the Calculation Period is longer than one Determination Period, the sum of:
(x)
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Determination Period in 
which it begins divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such Determination 
Period and (2) the number of Determination Periods normally ending in any year; and
(y)
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next Determination Period 
divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such Determination Period and (2) 
the number of Determination Periods normally ending in any year
where:
“Determination Period” means the period from and including a Determination Date in 
any year to but excluding the next Determination Date; and
“Determination Date” means the date(s) specified as such hereon or, if none is so 
specified, the Interest Payment Date(s).
“Euro-zone” means the region comprised of member states of the European Union that adopt the single 
currency in accordance with the Treaty establishing the European Community (as amended).
“Interest Accrual Period” means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement Date 
and ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Period Date and each successive period beginning on (and 
including) an Interest Period Date and ending on (but excluding) the next succeeding Interest Period Date.
“Interest Amount” means:
(i) in respect of an Interest Accrual Period, the amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount for that 
Interest Accrual Period and which, in the case of Fixed Rate Notes, and unless otherwise specified 
hereon, shall mean the Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount specified hereon as being payable 
on the Interest Payment Date ending the Interest Period of which such Interest Accrual Period forms 
part; and

--- Page 50 ---
44
(ii) in respect of any other period, the amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount for that period.
“Interest Commencement Date” means the Issue Date or such other date as may be specified hereon.
“Interest Determination Date” means, with respect to a Rate of Interest and Interest Accrual Period, the date 
specified as such hereon or, if none is so specified, (i) the first day of such Interest Accrual Period if the 
Specified Currency is Sterling or (ii) the day falling two Business Days in London for the Specified
Currency prior to the first day of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is neither Sterling
nor euro or (iii) the day falling two TARGET Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Accrual 
Period if the Specified Currency is euro.
“Interest Period” means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement Date and 
ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Payment Date and each successive period beginning on (and 
including) an Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next succeeding Interest Payment 
Date unless otherwise specified hereon.
“Interest Period Date” means each Interest Payment Date unless otherwise specified hereon.
“ISDA Definitions” means the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as published by the International Swaps and 
Derivatives Association, Inc., unless otherwise specified hereon. 
“Rate of Interest” means the rate of interest payable from time to time in respect of this Note and that is 
either specified or calculated in accordance with the provisions hereon.
“Reference Banks” means, in the case of a determination of LIBOR, the principal London office of four 
major banks in the London inter-bank market and, in the case of a determination of EURIBOR, the principal
Euro-zone office of four major banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market, in each case selected by the Issuer 
or as specified hereon.
“Reference Rate” means the rate specified as such hereon.
“Relevant Screen Page” means such page, section, caption, column or other part of a particular information 
service as may be specified hereon (or any successor or replacement page, section, caption, column or other 
part of a particular information service).
“Specified Currency” means the currency specified as such hereon or, if none is specified, the currency in 
which the Notes are denominated.
“TARGET System” means the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express Transfer 
(known as TARGET2) System which was launched on 19 November 2007 or any successor thereto.
(i)
Calculation Agent
The Issuer shall procure that there shall at all times be one or more Calculation Agents if provision is made 
for them hereon and for so long as any Note is outstanding (as defined in the Agency Agreement). Where 
more than one Calculation Agent is appointed in respect of the Notes, references in these Conditions to the 
Calculation Agent shall be construed as each Calculation Agent performing its respective duties under the
Conditions. If the Calculation Agent is unable or unwilling to act as such or if the Calculation Agent fails 
duly to establish the Rate of Interest for an Interest Accrual Period or to calculate any Interest Amount, Final 
Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount, Change of Control Redemption Amount or Optional 
Redemption Amount, as the case may be, or to comply with any other requirement, the Issuer shall appoint 
a leading bank or financial institution engaged in the interbank market that is most closely connected with 
the calculation or determination to be made by the Calculation Agent (acting through its principal London

--- Page 51 ---
45
office or any other office actively involved in such market) to act as such in its place. The Calculation Agent 
may not resign its duties without a successor having been appointed as aforesaid.
(j)
Step Up Event or Step Down Event
(i)     If the Step Up Event or the Step Down Event is specified hereon, the Rate of Interest payable on the 
Notes will be subject to adjustment from time to time following the occurrence of a Step Up Event or 
a Step Down Event (each such adjustment an Interest Rate Adjustment (as defined below)). Any 
Interest Rate Adjustment shall be effective from and including the Interest Payment Date
immediately following the date of the Step Up Event or the Step Down Event (as applicable).
(ii)      In relation to an Interest Period, a Step Up Event or Step Down Event will only result in an Interest 
Rate Adjustment on the immediately following Interest Payment Date to the extent that, in the case 
of a Step Up Event, no Step Down Event, and in the case of a Step Down Event, no Step Up Event, 
subsequently occurs during such Interest Period.
(iii)
Notwithstanding any other provision herein, (i) there shall be no Interest Rate Adjustment at any time 
after notice of redemption has been given by the Issuer pursuant to Condition 6(c) or (d); and (ii) at 
no time during the term of the Notes shall the Rate of Interest payable on the Notes be less than the 
Initial Rate of Interest or more than the Initial Rate of Interest plus the applicable Step Up Margin 
specified hereon.
(iv)   The Issuer will cause each Step Up Event and each Step Down Event, and the related Interest Rate 
Adjustment, to be notified to the Fiscal Agent and notice thereof to be given to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 14 as soon as possible after the occurrence of the Step Up Event or the 
Step Down Event but in no event later than the tenth Business Day (as defined in Condition 5(h)) 
after such event.
(v)      The first public announcement by a Rating Agency of a Rating Decrease (as defined below) shall 
constitute a step up event (a “Downgrade Step Up Event”) triggering an Interest Rate Adjustment.
(vi)     In the event that a Rating Agency fails or ceases to assign a solicited Rating (other than where such 
Rating Agency ceases to provide rating services generally to issuers and investors), a step up event (a 
“No Rating Step Up Event”) shall be deemed to have occurred as from the date upon which a 
solicited Rating ceases or fails to be assigned provided that, for so long as (i) such Rating Agency 
maintains an unsolicited rating of the Issuer’s senior unsecured long-term debt and (ii) another 
Rating Agency maintains a solicited Rating, such unsolicited rating shall constitute a solicited Rating 
for the purposes of this Condition until such time as there are solicited Ratings from two Rating 
Agencies. 
(vii)
For so long as any of the Notes are outstanding, the Issuer shall use all reasonable efforts to ensure 
the existence of a solicited Rating from at least one Rating Agency (as defined below). 
(viii)
If the rating designations employed by the Rating Agency are changed from those which are 
described herein, the Issuer shall determine, with the agreement of the Fiscal Agent (not to be 
unreasonably withheld or delayed), the rating designations of the Rating Agency as are most 
equivalent to the prior rating designations of the Rating Agency, and this Condition shall be 
construed accordingly.
In these Conditions:
“Initial Rate of Interest” means the rate of interest payable from time to time in respect of this Note and that is 
either specified or calculated in accordance with the provisions hereon.

--- Page 52 ---
46
“Interest Rate Adjustment” means that the Rate of Interest payable under the Notes shall be equal to:
(i)
the Initial Rate of Interest plus the applicable Step Up Margin specified hereon, in the case of a 
Step Up Event; and
(ii)
the Initial Rate of Interest, in the case of a Step Down Event.
“Investment Grade Rating” means a rating of Baa3 in the case of Moody’s (as defined below), or BBB- in the case 
of Fitch (as defined below), or their equivalent for the time being in the case of another Rating Agency, or better.
“Rating” means the rating of the Issuer’s senior unsecured long-term debt.
“Rating Agency” means Moody’s Investors Service, Inc. (“Moody’s”) or Fitch Ratings Ltd. (“Fitch”) and/or any 
rating agency of equivalent international standing and, in each case, their respective successors or affiliates and 
“Rating Agencies” means both of them.
“Rating Decrease” means a decrease in the solicited Rating to a level below the Investment Grade Rating.
“Step Down Event” means, where the rate of interest has previously been subject to an Interest Rate Adjustment 
following a Step Up Event, the first public announcement by either a Rating Agency or two Rating Agencies that it 
has, or they have, assigned a solicited Rating equal to or higher than the Investment Grade Rating such that two 
Rating Agencies have assigned a solicited Rating equal to or higher than the Investment Grade Rating.
“Step Up Event” means a No Rating Step Up Event or a Downgrade Step Up Event.
(k)
Benchmark Discontinuation
(i) Independent Adviser
If a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to an Original Reference Rate when any Rate of Interest (or 
any component part thereof) remains to be determined by reference to such Original Reference Rate, 
the Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser, as soon as 
reasonably practicable, to determine a Successor Rate, failing which an Alternative Rate (in
accordance with Condition 5(k)(ii)) and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread and any Benchmark
Amendments (in accordance with Condition 5(k)(iv)). In making such determination, the 
Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 5(k) shall act in good faith and in a
commercially reasonable manner as an expert. In the absence of bad faith or fraud, the Independent 
Adviser shall have no liability whatsoever to the Issuer, the Paying Agents, the Noteholders or the 
Couponholders for any determination made by it pursuant to this Condition 5(k). 
If (i) the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser; or (ii) the Independent Adviser 
appointed by it fails to determine a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Rate in 
accordance with this Condition 5(k) prior to the date which is 10 business days prior to the relevant 
Interest Determination Date, the Rate of Interest applicable to the next succeeding Interest Accrual 
Period shall be equal to the Rate of Interest last determined in relation to the Notes in respect of the 
immediately preceding Interest Accrual Period. If there has not been a first Interest Payment Date,
the Rate of Interest shall be the initial Rate of Interest. Where a different Margin or Maximum or 
Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest Accrual Period from that which 
applied to the last preceding Interest Accrual Period, the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of 
Interest relating to the relevant Interest Accrual Period shall be substituted in place of the Margin or
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last preceding Interest Accrual Period. For 
the avoidance of doubt, this paragraph shall apply to the relevant next succeeding Interest Accrual 
Period only and any subsequent Interest Accrual Periods are subject to the subsequent operation of, 
and to adjustment as provided in, the first paragraph of this Condition 5(k).

--- Page 53 ---
47
(ii) Successor Rate or Alternative Rate
If the Independent Adviser determines that:
(A)
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate and the applicable Adjustment Spread 
shall subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference Rate to determine the Rate of 
Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for all future payments of interest on the 
Notes (subject to the operation of this Condition 5(k)); or
(B)
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such Alternative Rate and
the applicable Adjustment Spread shall subsequently be used in place of the Original
Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for 
all future payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the operation of this Condition 5(k)). 
(iii)
Adjustment Spread
The Adjustment Spread (or the formula or methodology for determining the Adjustment Spread) 
shall be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be). If the Independent 
Adviser is unable to determine the quantum of, or a formula or methodology for determining, such 
Adjustment Spread, then the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable) will apply without an 
Adjustment Spread.
(iv)    Benchmark Amendments
If any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and, in either case, the applicable Adjustment Spread is 
determined in accordance with this Condition 5(k) and the Independent Adviser determines (i) that 
amendments to these Conditions and/or the Agency Agreement are necessary to ensure the proper 
operation of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and/or (in either case) the applicable 
Adjustment Spread (such amendments, the “Benchmark Amendments”) and (ii) the terms of the
Benchmark Amendments, then the Issuer shall, subject to giving notice thereof in accordance with 
Condition 5(k)(v), without any requirement for the consent or approval of Noteholders, vary these 
Conditions and/or the Agency Agreement to give effect to such Benchmark Amendments with effect 
from the date specified in such notice. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 5(k)(iv), the Calculation Agent or any Paying
Agent is not obliged to concur with the Issuer or the Independent Adviser in respect of any changes 
or amendments as contemplated under this Condition 5(k)(iv) to which, in the sole opinion of the 
Calculation Agent or the relevant Paying Agent, as the case may be, would impose more onerous 
obligations upon it or expose it to any additional duties, responsibilities or liabilities or reduce or 
amend the protective provisions afforded to the Calculation Agent or the relevant Paying Agent (as 
applicable) in the Agency Agreement and/or these Conditions.
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition 5(k)(iv), the Issuer shall 
comply with the rules of any stock exchange on which the Notes are for the time being listed or 
admitted to trading.
(v) Notices, etc.
Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of any Benchmark
Amendments determined under this Condition 5(k) will be notified at least 10 business days prior to 
the relevant Interest Determination Date by the Issuer to the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent, the 
Paying Agents and, in accordance with Condition 14, the Noteholders. Such notice shall be 
irrevocable and shall specify the effective date of the Benchmark Amendments, if any.

--- Page 54 ---
48
No later than notifying the Fiscal Agent of the same, the Issuer shall deliver to the Fiscal Agent, the 
Calculation Agent and the Paying Agents a certificate signed by two authorised signatories of the 
Issuer:
(A)
confirming (i) that a Benchmark Event has occurred, (ii) the Successor 
Rate or, as the case may be, the Alternative Rate, (iii) the applicable 
Adjustment Spread and (iv) the specific terms of the Benchmark
Amendments (if any), in each case as determined in accordance with the 
provisions of this Condition 5(k); and
(B)
certifying that the Benchmark Amendments (if any) are necessary to 
ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
and (in either case) the applicable Adjustment Spread.
The Fiscal Agent shall display such certificate at its offices, for inspection by the Noteholders at all 
reasonable times during normal business hours. Each of the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent and 
the Paying Agents shall be entitled to rely on such certificate (without liability to any person) as
sufficient evidence thereof. The Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread and
the Benchmark Amendments (if any) specified in such certificate will (in the absence of manifest 
error or bad faith in the determination of the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment 
Spread and the Benchmark Amendments (if any) and without prejudice to the Fiscal Agent’s or the 
Calculation Agent’s or the Paying Agents’ ability to rely on such certificate as aforesaid) be binding 
on the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents and the Noteholders.
(vi)Survival of Original Reference Rate
Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under Condition 5(k)(i), (ii), (iii) and (iv), the 
Original Reference Rate and the fallback provisions provided for in Condition 5(b)(iii)(B)(y) and (z)
will continue to apply unless and until a Benchmark Event has occurred.
(vii)
Definitions:
As used in this Condition 5(k):
“Adjustment Spread” means either (a) a spread (which may be positive, negative or zero) or (b) a 
formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in each case to be applied to the Successor Rate or
the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and is the spread, formula or methodology which:
(y)
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the replacement of the 
Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; or (if no 
such recommendation has been made, or in the case of an Alternative Rate);
(z)
the Independent Adviser determines, is customarily applied to the relevant Successor Rate or
the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) in international debt capital markets transactions to 
produce an industry-accepted replacement rate for the Original Reference Rate; or (if the 
Independent Adviser determines that no such spread is customarily applied)
(aa)
the Independent Adviser determines is recognised or acknowledged as being the industry 
standard for over-the-counter derivative transactions which reference the Original Reference 
Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the 
case may be).
“Alternative Rate” means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the Independent Adviser
determines in accordance with Condition 5(k)(ii) is customarily applied in international debt capital

--- Page 55 ---
49
markets transactions for the purposes of determining rates of interest (or the relevant component part 
thereof) in the same Specified Currency as the Notes.
“Benchmark Amendments” has the meaning given to it in Condition 5(k)(iv).
“Benchmark Event” means:
(1) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for a period of at least 5 Business Days or
ceasing to exist; or
(2) 
a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that it has ceased or that 
it will cease publishing the Original Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in 
circumstances where no successor administrator has been appointed that will continue 
publication of the Original Reference Rate); or
(3) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate, that 
the Original Reference Rate has been or will be permanently or indefinitely discontinued; or
(4) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate as a
consequence of which the Original Reference Rate will be prohibited from being used either 
generally, or in respect of the Notes; or
(5) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that
the Original Reference Rate is or will be (or is or will be deemed by such supervisor to be) no 
longer representative of its relevant underlying market; or
(6)
it has become unlawful for any Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent or the Issuer to calculate 
any payments due to be made to any Noteholder using the Original Reference Rate;
provided that the Benchmark Event shall be deemed to occur (a) in the case of sub-paragraphs (2)
and (3) above, on the date of the cessation of publication of the Original Reference Rate or the 
discontinuation of the Original Reference Rate, as the case may be, (b) in the case of sub paragraph 
(4) above, on the date of the prohibition of use of the Original Reference Rate and (c) in the case of 
sub-paragraph (5) above, on the date with effect from which the Original Reference Rate will no 
longer be (or will be deemed by the relevant supervisor to no longer be) representative of its 
relevant underlying market and which is specified in the relevant public statement, and in each
case, not the date of the relevant public statement.
The occurrence of a Benchmark Event shall be determined by the Issuer and promptly notified to 
the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent and the Paying Agents. For the avoidance of doubt, neither 
the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent nor the Paying Agents shall have any responsibility for 
making such determination.
“business day” means a day, other than a Saturday or Sunday, on which banks are open for business 
in the place of the specified office of the Calculation Agent.
“Independent Adviser” means an independent financial institution of international repute or an 
independent financial adviser with appropriate expertise appointed by the Issuer under Condition 
5(k)(i).
“Original Reference Rate” means the originally-specified benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) 
used to determine the Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) on the Notes.
“Relevant Nominating Body” means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as applicable):

--- Page 56 ---
50
(i)
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) 
relates, or any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for 
supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable); or
(bb)
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted at the 
request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable) relates, (b) any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for 
supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable), (c) a group of the 
aforementioned central banks or other supervisory authorities or (d) the Financial Stability 
Board or any part thereof.
“Successor Rate” means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate which is 
formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body.
6
Redemption, Purchase and Options
(a)
Final Redemption
Unless previously redeemed, purchased and cancelled as provided below, each Note shall be finally 
redeemed on the Maturity Date specified hereon at its Final Redemption Amount (which shall, 
other than in the case of a Zero Coupon Note, be its nominal amount and, in the case of a Zero 
Coupon Note, shall not be less than its nominal amount).
(b)
Early Redemption
(i)
Zero Coupon Notes
(A) The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note, the Early
Redemption Amount of which is not linked to an index and/or a formula, upon redemption 
of such Note pursuant to Condition 6(c) or upon it becoming due and payable as provided 
in Condition 10 shall be the Amortised Face Amount (calculated as provided below) of 
such Note unless otherwise specified hereon.
(B)
Subject to the provisions of sub-paragraph (C) below, the Amortised Face Amount of any 
such Note shall be the scheduled Final Redemption Amount of such Note on the Maturity 
Date discounted at a rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Amortisation 
Yield (which, if none is shown hereon, shall be such rate as would produce an Amortised
Face Amount equal to the issue price of the Notes if they were discounted back to their 
issue price on the Issue Date) compounded annually.
(C) If the Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any such Note upon its redemption 
pursuant to Condition 6(c) or upon it becoming due and payable as provided in Condition
10 is not paid when due, the Early Redemption Amount due and payable in respect of such 
Note shall be the Amortised Face Amount of such Note as defined in sub-paragraph (B) 
above, except that such sub-paragraph shall have effect as though the date on which the
Note becomes due and payable were the Relevant Date. The calculation of the Amortised 
Face Amount in accordance with this sub-paragraph shall continue to be made (both 
before and after judgment) until the Relevant Date, unless the Relevant Date falls on or 
after the Maturity Date, in which case the amount due and payable shall be the scheduled 
Final Redemption Amount of such Note on the Maturity Date together with any interest 
that may accrue in accordance with Condition 5(c).
Where such calculation is to be made for a period of less than one year, it shall be made on the 
basis of the Day Count Fraction shown hereon.

--- Page 57 ---
51
(ii)
Other Notes
The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Note (other than Notes described in 
(i) above), upon redemption of such Note pursuant to Condition 6(c) or upon it becoming due 
and payable as provided in Condition 10, shall be the Final Redemption Amount unless 
otherwise specified hereon.
(c)
Redemption for Taxation Reasons
The Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part, on any Interest 
Payment Date (if this Note is a Floating Rate Note) or, at any time, (if this Note is not a Floating Rate 
Note), on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ notice to the Noteholders (which notice shall 
be irrevocable), at their Early Redemption Amount (as described in Condition 6(b) above) (together 
with interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption), if (i) the Issuer has or will become obliged to 
pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in Condition 8 as a result of any change in, or 
amendment to, the laws or regulations of the Kingdom of Denmark or any political subdivision or any 
authority thereof or therein having power to tax, or any change in the application or official 
interpretation of such laws or regulations, which change or amendment becomes effective on or after 
the date on which agreement is reached to issue the first Tranche of the Notes, and (ii) such obligation 
cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to it, provided that no such 
notice of redemption shall be given earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest date on which the Issuer 
would be obliged to pay such additional amounts were a payment in respect of the Notes then due. 
Before the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this paragraph, the Issuer shall deliver 
to the Fiscal Agent a certificate signed by two authorised signatories of the Issuer stating that the Issuer 
is entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions 
precedent to the right of the Issuer so to redeem have occurred.
(d)
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer
(i)
If Call Option is specified hereon, the Issuer may, on giving not less than 15 nor more than 30
days’ irrevocable notice to the Noteholders (or such other notice period as may be specified 
hereon) redeem, all or, if so provided, some, of the Notes on any Optional Redemption Date
(that is, if the Issuer Maturity Par Call is specified to be applicable hereon, not more than 90 
days prior to the Maturity Date). Any such redemption of Notes shall be at their Optional 
Redemption Amount together with interest accrued to but excluding the date fixed for 
redemption. Any such redemption or exercise must relate to Notes of a nominal amount at 
least equal to the Minimum Redemption Amount to be redeemed specified hereon and no 
greater than the Maximum Redemption Amount to be redeemed specified hereon.
(ii)
If Make Whole Call Option is specified hereon, the Issuer may, on giving not less than 15 nor 
more than 30 days’ irrevocable notice (or such other notice period as may be specified 
hereon) to the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date
fixed for redemption (the “Make Whole Optional Redemption Date”)), redeem all, but not 
some only, of the Notes at the Make Whole Redemption Price together with interest accrued 
to but excluding the Make Whole Optional Redemption Date.
In this Condition:
“Determination Agent” means a financial adviser or bank which is independent of the Issuer 
appointed by the Issuer for the purpose of determining the Make Whole Redemption Price;
“Make Whole Redemption Price” means, in respect of each Note, (a) the nominal amount of 
such Note or, if this is higher, (b) the sum of the then present values of the remaining

--- Page 58 ---
52
scheduled payments of principal and interest discounted to the Make Whole Optional 
Redemption Date on an annual basis (based on the Day Count Fraction specified hereon) at 
the Reference Dealer Rate (as defined below) plus any applicable Margin specified hereon, 
in each case as determined by the Issuer;
“Reference Dealers” means those Reference Dealers specified hereon; and
“Reference Dealer Rate” means with respect to the Reference Dealers and the Make Whole
Optional Redemption Date, the average of the five quotations of the mid-market annual yield 
to maturity of the Reference Stock specified hereon or, if the Reference Stock is no longer 
outstanding, a similar security in the reasonable judgement of the Reference Dealers, at the 
Determination Time specified hereon on the Determination Date specified hereon quoted in 
writing to the Determination Agent by the Reference Dealers.
(iii)
The Issuer may, on giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ irrevocable notice to the 
Noteholders redeem, all or, if so provided, some, of the Notes at any time if, prior to the 
date the relevant notice is given, 85 per cent. or more of the nominal amount of the Notes 
originally issued have been purchased or redeemed by the Issuer or any of its subsidiaries 
and cancelled prior to the date the relevant notice is given. Any such redemption of Notes 
shall be at their Final Redemption Amount together with interest accrued to but excluding 
the date fixed for redemption.
All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed on the date specified in such 
notice in accordance with this Condition.
In the case of a partial redemption the notice to Noteholders shall also contain the certificate numbers
of the Bearer Notes, or in the case of Registered Notes shall specify the nominal amount of Registered 
Notes drawn and the holder(s) of such Registered Notes, to be redeemed, which shall have been drawn
in such place and in such manner as may be fair and reasonable in the circumstances, taking account of 
prevailing market practices, subject to compliance with any applicable laws and stock exchange or 
other relevant authority requirements.
(e)
Redemption at the Option of Noteholders
If Put Option is specified hereon, the Issuer shall, at the option of the holder of any such Note, upon 
the holder of such Note giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ notice to the Issuer (or such 
other notice period as may be specified hereon) redeem such Note on the Optional Redemption Date(s)
at its Optional Redemption Amount together with interest accrued to but excluding the date fixed for 
redemption.
To exercise such option the holder must deposit (in the case of Bearer Notes) such Note (together with 
all Coupons and unexchanged Talons) with any Paying Agent or (in the case of Registered Notes) the
Certificate representing such Note(s) with the Registrar or any Transfer Agent at its specified office, 
together with a duly completed option exercise notice (“Exercise Notice”) in the form obtainable from 
any Paying Agent, the Registrar or any Transfer Agent (as applicable) within the notice period. No
Note or Certificate so deposited and option exercised may be withdrawn (except as provided in the 
Agency Agreement) without the prior consent of the Issuer.
(f)
Redemption following Change of Control
If Change of Control Put Event is specified hereon and if, at any time while any Note remains 
outstanding, a Change of Control Put Event (as defined below) occurs, then the holder of each Note 
will have the option (the “Change of Control Put Option”) (unless, prior to the giving of the Put Event

--- Page 59 ---
53
Notice (as defined below), the Issuer has given notice of its intention to redeem the Notes under 
Condition 6(c), 6(d) or 6(g)) to require the Issuer to redeem or, at the Issuer's option, to purchase (or 
procure the purchase of) that Note on the Optional Redemption Date, at the Change of Control
Redemption Amount specified hereon together with (or, where purchased, together with an amount 
equal to) accrued interest to but excluding the Optional Redemption Date. 
A “Change of Control Put Event” will be deemed to occur if:
(i)
a Change of Control occurs and, if at the start of the Change of Control Period the Notes or the 
Issuer have a solicited rating from any Rating Agency, a Rating Downgrade in respect of that 
Change of Control occurs and continues within such Change of Control Period; or 
(ii)
a Change of Control occurs and, on the occurrence of the Change of Control, none of the Notes
or the Issuer have a solicited rating from any Rating Agency and the Notes or the Issuer are not 
assigned an Investment Grade Rating by a Rating Agency within the Change of Control Period, 
A “Change of Control” shall be deemed to have occurred at each time (whether or not approved by the 
Board of Directors of the Issuer) that any person or persons acting in concert or any person or persons 
acting on behalf of any such person(s) (other than Carlsberg Fondet (a foundation under the laws of 
Denmark, with CVR no. 60223513 and address at H.C. Andersens Bouleveard 35, 1553 Copenhagen 
V, Denmark)) (the “Relevant Person(s)”) at any time directly or indirectly come(s) to beneficially own 
or acquire(s) or reach(es) final unconditional agreement conferring a right, or imposing an obligation,
to acquire such number of the shares in the capital of the Issuer carrying more than 50 per cent. of the 
voting rights normally exercisable at a general meeting of the Issuer, provided that a Change of 
Control shall be deemed not to have occurred if all or substantially all of the shareholders of the 
Relevant Person(s) are, or immediately prior to the event which would otherwise have constituted a 
Change of Control were, the direct or indirect shareholders of the Issuer with the same (or substantially
the same) pro rata interest in the share capital of the Relevant Person(s) as such shareholders have, or 
as the case may be, had in the share capital of the Issuer. 
“Change of Control Period” means the period (i) commencing on the date that is the earlier of (A) the
date of the first public announcement of the relevant Change of Control and (B) the date of the earliest 
Potential Change of Control Announcement (as defined below) provided that this results in a Change 
of Control within 180 days, if any, and (ii) ending on the date which is 90 days after the date on which 
the relevant Change of Control occurs (such 90th day, the “Initial Longstop Date”); provided that, 
unless any other Rating Agency has on or prior to the Initial Longstop Date effected a Rating 
Downgrade in respect of a solicited rating of the Notes or the Issuer, if a Rating Agency publicly 
announces, at any time prior to the Initial Longstop Date, that it has placed its solicited rating of the 
Notes or the Issuer under consideration for negative rating review as a result of the relevant public 
announcement of the Change of Control or Potential Change of Control Announcement, the Change of 
Control Period shall be extended to the date which falls 60 days after the Initial Longstop Date.
A “Rating Downgrade” shall be deemed to have occurred in respect of a Change of Control if, within 
the Change of Control Period, (i) a solicited rating previously assigned to the Notes or the Issuer by 
any Rating Agency is withdrawn and not reinstated to an Investment Grade Rating by such Rating 
Agency or (ii) a solicited rating previously assigned to the Notes or the Issuer by any Rating Agency is 
changed from an Investment Grade Rating to a non-investment grade rating (Ba1, or its equivalent for 
the time being, or worse) and is not raised again to an Investment Grade Rating or (iii) if a solicited 
rating previously assigned to the Notes or the Issuer by any Rating Agency was below an Investment 
Grade Rating (as described above), the rating is lowered by at least one full rating notch (for example, 
from Ba1 to Ba2 or their respective equivalents) and is not raised again to its earlier credit rating or

--- Page 60 ---
54
better by such Rating Agency or (iv) a Negative Rating Event occurs; provided that a Rating 
Downgrade otherwise arising by virtue of a particular change in a solicited rating shall be deemed not 
to have occurred in respect of a particular Change of Control if the relevant Rating Agency does not 
confirm in writing to the Issuer or publicly announce or publicly confirm that the Rating Downgrade 
was the result, in whole or in part, of any event or circumstance comprised in or arising as a result of, 
or in respect of, the applicable Change of Control or Potential Change of Control Announcement. 
“Negative Rating Event” shall be deemed to have occurred if at such time there is no solicited rating 
assigned to the Notes or the Issuer by a Rating Agency and either (i) the Issuer does not, either prior to, 
or not later than 21 days after, the occurrence of the Change of Control seek, and thereafter throughout 
the Change of Control Period use all reasonable endeavours to obtain, a rating of the Notes or any 
other unsecured and unsubordinated debt of the Issuer or (ii) the Issuer does so seek and use such 
endeavours, it is unable to obtain such a rating of at least investment grade by the end of the Change of 
Control Period.
“Potential Change of Control Announcement” means any public announcement or statement by the 
Issuer, any actual or potential bidder or any designated advisor thereto relating to any specific and 
near-term potential Change of Control (whereby “near-term” shall mean that such potential Change of 
Control is reasonably likely to occur, or is publicly stated by the Issuer, any such actual or potential 
bidder or any such designated advisor to be intended to occur, within three months of the date of such
announcement or statement). 
Promptly upon the Issuer becoming aware that a Change of Control Put Event has occurred, the Issuer 
shall give notice (a “Put Event Notice”) to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 specifying 
the nature of the Change of Control Put Event and the circumstances giving rise to it and the procedure 
for exercising the Change of Control Put Option contained in this Condition. 
To exercise the Change of Control Put Option, the holder must follow the procedure set out in 
Condition 6(e). 
(g)
Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Maturity Par Call)
If Issuer Maturity Par Call is specified hereon, the Issuer may, on giving not less than 15 nor more than 
30 days’ irrevocable notice to the Noteholders (or such other notice period as may be specified 
hereon), redeem the Notes in whole, but not in part, at any time during the period commencing on (and 
including) the day that is 90 days prior to the Maturity Date to (but excluding) the Maturity Date, at the
Final Redemption Amount specified hereon together with interest accrued (if any) to (but excluding) 
the date fixed for redemption.
(h)
Purchases
The Issuer and any of its subsidiaries may at any time purchase Notes (provided that all unmatured 
Coupons and unexchanged Talons relating thereto are attached thereto or surrendered therewith) in the 
open market or otherwise at any price.
(i)
Cancellation
All Notes purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer or any of its subsidiaries may be surrendered for 
cancellation, in the case of Bearer Notes, by surrendering each such Note together with Coupons and 
all unexchanged Talons to the Fiscal Agent and, in the case of Registered Notes, by surrendering the 
Certificate representing such Notes to the Registrar and, in each case, if so surrendered, shall, together 
with all Notes redeemed by the Issuer, be cancelled forthwith (together with all Coupons and 
unexchanged Talons attached thereto or surrendered therewith). Any Notes so surrendered for

--- Page 61 ---
55
cancellation may not be reissued or resold and the obligations of the Issuer in respect of any such 
Notes shall be discharged.
7
Payments and Talons
(a)
Bearer Notes
Payments of principal and interest in respect of Bearer Notes shall, subject as mentioned below, be 
made against presentation and surrender of the Notes (in the case of payments of principal and, in the 
case of interest, as specified in Condition 7(f)(v)) or Coupons (in the case of interest, save as specified 
in Condition 7(f)(v)), as the case may be:
(A)
in the case of a currency other than Renminbi, at the specified office of any Paying Agent 
outside the United States by a cheque payable in the relevant currency drawn on, or, at the 
option of the holder, by transfer to an account denominated in such currency with, a Bank; and
(B)
in the case of Renminbi, by transfer to a Renminbi account maintained by or on behalf of the 
Noteholder with a bank in Hong Kong. 
In this paragraph, “Bank” means a bank in the principal financial centre for such currency or, in the 
case of euro, in a city in which banks have access to the TARGET System.
(b)
Registered Notes
(i)
Payments of principal in respect of Registered Notes shall be made against presentation and 
surrender of the relevant Certificates at the specified office of any of the Transfer Agents or of 
the Registrar and in the manner provided in paragraph (ii) below.
(ii)
Interest on Registered Notes shall be paid to the person shown on the Register at the close of 
business (i) on the fifteenth day before the due date for payment thereof or (ii) in the case of 
Renminbi, on the fifth day before the due date for payment thereof (the “Record Date”). 
Payments of interest on each Registered Note shall be made:
(A)
in the case of a currency other than Renminbi, in the relevant currency by cheque drawn 
on a Bank and mailed to the holder (or to the first-named of joint holders) of such Note 
at its address appearing in the Register. Upon application by the holder to the specified 
office of the Registrar or any Transfer Agent before the Record Date, such payment of 
interest may be made by transfer to an account in the relevant currency maintained by 
the payee with a Bank; and
(B)
in the case of Renminbi, by transfer to the registered account of the Noteholder. In this 
Condition 7(b), “registered account” means the Renminbi account maintained by or on 
behalf of the Noteholder with a bank in Hong Kong, details of which appear on the 
Register at the close of business on the fifth Business Day before the due date for 
payment.
(c)
Payments in the United States
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any Bearer Notes are denominated in U.S. dollars, payments in 
respect thereof may be made at the specified office of any Paying Agent in New York City in the same 
manner as aforesaid if (i) the Issuer shall have appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside 
the United States with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make 
payment of the amounts on the Notes in the manner provided above when due, (ii) payment in full of 
such amounts at all such offices is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other

--- Page 62 ---
56
similar restrictions on payment or receipt of such amounts and (iii) such payment is then permitted by 
United States law, without involving, in the opinion of the Issuer, any adverse tax consequence to the 
Issuer.
(d)
Payments Subject to Laws
All payments are subject in all cases to (i) any applicable fiscal or other laws, regulations and 
directives in the place of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 8 and (ii) any 
withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (as amended, the “Code”) or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 
1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, any official interpretations 
thereof, or (without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 8) any law implementing an 
intergovernmental approach thereto. No commission or expenses shall be charged to the Noteholders 
or Couponholders in respect of such payments.
(e)
Appointment of Agents
The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents, the Registrar, the Transfer Agents and the Calculation Agent 
initially appointed by the Issuer and their respective specified offices are listed below. The Fiscal 
Agent, the Paying Agents, the Registrar, Transfer Agents and the Calculation Agent(s) act solely as 
agents of the Issuer and do not assume any obligation or relationship of agency or trust for or with any 
Noteholder or Couponholder. The Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary or terminate the 
appointment of the Fiscal Agent, any other Paying Agent, the Registrar, any Transfer Agent or the 
Calculation Agent(s) and to appoint additional or other Paying Agents or Transfer Agents, provided 
that the Issuer shall at all times maintain (i) a Fiscal Agent, (ii) a Registrar in relation to Registered 
Notes, (iii) a Transfer Agent in relation to Registered Notes, (iv) one or more Calculation Agent(s) 
where the Conditions so require, (v) such other agents as may be required by any other stock exchange 
on which the Notes may be listed.
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent in New York City in respect of any 
Bearer Notes denominated in U.S. dollars in the circumstances described in paragraph (c) above.
Notice of any such change or any change of any specified office shall promptly be given to the 
Noteholders.
(f)
Unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons
(i)
Upon the due date for redemption of Bearer Notes which comprise Fixed Rate Notes (other 
than Dual Currency Notes), such Notes should be surrendered for payment together with all 
unmatured Coupons (if any) relating thereto, failing which an amount equal to the face value of 
each missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of payment not being made in full, that 
proportion of the amount of such missing unmatured Coupon that the sum of principal so paid
bears to the total principal due) shall be deducted from the Final Redemption Amount, Early 
Redemption Amount, Optional Redemption Amount, or Change of Control Redemption 
Amount as the case may be, due for payment. Any amount so deducted shall be paid in the 
manner mentioned above against surrender of such missing Coupon within a period of 10 years 
from the Relevant Date for the payment of such principal (whether or not such Coupon has
become void pursuant to Condition 9).
(ii)
Upon the due date for redemption of any Bearer Note which is a Floating Rate Note or Dual 
Currency Note, unmatured Coupons relating to such Note (whether or not attached) shall
become void and no payment shall be made in respect of them.

--- Page 63 ---
57
(iii)
Upon the due date for redemption of any Bearer Note, any unexchanged Talon relating to such 
Note (whether or not attached) shall become void and no Coupon shall be delivered in respect
of such Talon.
(iv)
Where any Bearer Note that provides that the relative unmatured Coupons are to become void 
upon the due date for redemption of those Notes is presented for redemption without all 
unmatured Coupons, and where any Bearer Note is presented for redemption without any 
unexchanged Talon relating to it, redemption shall be made only against the provision of such 
indemnity as the Issuer may require.
(v)
If the due date for redemption of any Note is not a due date for payment of interest, interest 
accrued from the preceding due date for payment of interest or the Interest Commencement 
Date, as the case may be, shall only be payable against presentation (and surrender if 
appropriate) of the relevant Bearer Note or Certificate representing it, as the case may be. 
Interest accrued on a Note that only bears interest after its Maturity Date shall be payable on 
redemption of such Note against presentation of the relevant Note or Certificate representing it, 
as the case may be.
(g)
Talons
On or after the Interest Payment Date for the final Coupon forming part of a Coupon sheet issued in 
respect of any Bearer Note, a Talon forming part of such Coupon sheet (where applicable to the 
relevant Series of Notes) may be surrendered at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent in exchange for
a further Coupon sheet (and if necessary another Talon for a further Coupon sheet) (but excluding any 
Coupons that may have become void pursuant to Condition 9).
(h)
Non-Business Days
If any date for payment in respect of any Note or Coupon is not a business day, the holder shall not be 
entitled to payment until the next following business day nor to any interest or other sum in respect of 
such postponed payment. In this paragraph, “business day” means a day (other than a Saturday or a 
Sunday) on which banks and foreign exchange markets are open for business in the relevant place of 
presentation, in such jurisdictions as shall be specified as “Financial Centres” hereon and:
(i)
(in the case of a payment in a currency other than euro or Renminbi) where payment is to be 
made by transfer to an account maintained with a bank in the relevant currency, on which 
foreign exchange transactions may be carried on in the relevant currency in the principal 
financial centre of the country of such currency; or
(ii)
(in the case of a payment in euro) which is a TARGET Business Day; or
(iii)
(in the case of a payment in Renminbi) on which banks and foreign exchange markets are open 
for business and settlement of Renminbi payments in Hong Kong.
8
Taxation 
All payments of principal and interest by or on behalf of the Issuer in respect of the Notes and the Coupons 
shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for, any taxes, duties, assessments or
governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or within the 
Kingdom of Denmark or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, unless such withholding or 
deduction is required by law. In that event, the Issuer shall pay such additional amounts as shall result in
receipt by the Noteholders and the Couponholders of such amounts as would have been received by them had 
no such withholding or deduction been required, except that no such additional amounts shall be payable with 
respect to any Note or Coupon:

--- Page 64 ---
58
(a)
Other connection: to, or to a third party on behalf of, a holder who is liable to such taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges in respect of such Note or Coupon by reason of his having some 
connection with the Kingdom of Denmark other than the mere holding of the Note or Coupon; or
(b)
Presentation more than 30 days after the Relevant Date: presented (or in respect of which the 
Certificate representing it is presented) for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date except 
to the extent that the holder of it would have been entitled to such additional amounts on presenting it 
for payment on the thirtieth such day.
As used in these Conditions, “Relevant Date” in respect of any Note or Coupon means the date on 
which payment in respect of it first becomes due or (if any amount of the money payable is improperly
withheld or refused) the date on which payment in full of the amount outstanding is made or (if earlier) 
the date seven days after that on which notice is duly given to the Noteholders that, upon further
presentation of the Note (or relative Certificate) or Coupon being made in accordance with the 
Conditions, such payment will be made, provided that payment is in fact made upon such presentation. 
References in these Conditions to (i) “principal” shall be deemed to include any premium payable in 
respect of the Notes, Final Redemption Amounts, Early Redemption Amounts, Optional Redemption 
Amounts, Change of Control Redemption Amounts, Amortised Face Amounts and all other amounts in 
the nature of principal payable pursuant to Condition 6 or any amendment or supplement to it, (ii) 
“interest” shall be deemed to include all Interest Amounts and all other amounts payable pursuant to 
Condition 5 or any amendment or supplement to it and (iii) “principal” and/or “interest” shall be 
deemed to include any additional amounts that may be payable under this Condition.
9
Prescription
Claims against the Issuer for payment in respect of the Notes and Coupons (which for this purpose shall not 
include Talons) shall be prescribed and become void unless made within 10 years (in the case of principal) or 
five years (in the case of interest) from the appropriate Relevant Date in respect of them.
10
Events of Default
If any of the following events (“Events of Default”) occurs, the holder of any Note may give written notice to 
the Fiscal Agent at its specified office that such Note is immediately repayable, whereupon the Early 
Redemption Amount of such Note together (if applicable) with accrued interest to the date of payment shall 
become immediately due and payable:
(a)
Non-payment: the Issuer fails, for a period of fourteen days or more (in the case of interest) or seven
days or more (in the case of principal), to pay interest or principal due in respect of any of the Notes;
or
(b)
Cross Default:
(i)
any other present or future indebtedness for borrowed money (other than indebtedness owed to 
another member of the Group) of the Issuer or any of its Principal Subsidiaries becomes or is 
declared due and payable prior to its stated maturity by reason of any actual or potential default, 
event of default or the like (howsoever described), or
(ii)
any such indebtedness is not paid when due or, as the case may be within any originally 
applicable grace period, or
(iii)
the Issuer or any of its Principal Subsidiaries fails to pay when due any amount payable by it 
under any present or future guarantee for, or indemnity in respect of, any monies borrowed or

--- Page 65 ---
59
raised (other than a failure to pay when due any amount payable by it under any present or 
future guarantee for, or indemnity in respect of, any moneys borrowed or raised by one member 
of the Group from another member of the Group), 
provided that the aggregate amount of the relevant indebtedness, guarantees and indemnities in respect 
of which one or more of the events mentioned above in this paragraph (b) have occurred equals or 
exceeds Euro 100,000,000 or its equivalent (on the basis of the middle spot rate for the relevant 
currency against the Euro as quoted by any leading bank on the day on which this paragraph operates); 
or
(c)
Enforcement Proceedings: a distress or execution or other similar legal process is levied or enforced 
or petitioned for and taken out upon or against any substantial part of the property, assets or revenues 
of the Issuer or any Principal Subsidiary and is not discharged or stayed within 60 days of having been 
so levied, enforced or sued out (other than any distress or execution or other similar legal process 
which is so levied, enforced or sued out by one member of the Group against another member of the
Group); or
(d)
Insolvency: the Issuer or any Principal Subsidiary becomes, is adjudicated or found to be, unable to 
pay its debts as they mature, or applies for, or consents to, or suffers the appointment of, a liquidator or 
receiver of the whole or any substantial part of its undertaking, property, assets or revenues or takes 
any proceeding under any law for a readjustment or deferment of its obligations or any substantial part 
thereof or stops or threatens to stop payment or is wound up or dissolved on grounds of insolvency or 
makes or enters into a general assignment or an arrangement or composition with or for the benefit of 
its creditors; or
(e)
Winding-up: an order is made or an effective resolution is passed for winding up the Issuer or any 
Principal Subsidiary or the Issuer or any Principal Subsidiary ceases or threatens to cease to carry on 
all or substantially all of its business, in each case except for the purpose of and followed by a 
reconstruction, amalgamation, reorganisation, solvent liquidation, merger or consolidation (i) on terms 
approved by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Noteholders or (ii) in the case of a Principal 
Subsidiary, whereby the undertaking and assets of the Principal Subsidiary are transferred to or 
otherwise vested in the Issuer or another of its Principal Subsidiaries or (iii) in the case of a Permitted 
Merger or (iv) in the circumstances referred to in Condition 11(c) or (v) in the case of a Principal 
Subsidiary, pursuant to a voluntary solvent winding-up where surplus assets are available for
distribution; or
(f)
Breach of other obligations: default is made by the Issuer in the performance or observance of any 
obligation, Condition or provision binding on it under the Notes (other than any obligation for the 
payment of any principal moneys or interest in respect of the Notes) and, if capable of remedy, such 
default shall continue for 30 days after written notice thereof requiring the same to be remedied has 
been given to the Fiscal Agent at its specified office by any Noteholder; or
(g)
Analogous Events: any event occurs which under the laws of the Kingdom of Denmark or any other 
applicable jurisdiction has an effect similar to any of the events referred to in paragraphs (c), (d) or (e) 
above.
For the purposes of these Conditions:
“Group” means the Issuer and its Subsidiaries. 
“Permitted Merger” means a reconstruction, amalgamation, merger or consolidation with or transfer of assets 
and/or activities to Carlsberg A/S whereby Carlsberg A/S expressly and effectively by law, or by operation of 
law, assumes all of the obligations of the Issuer under the Notes, the Coupons and the Talons provided that (i)

--- Page 66 ---
60
all action, conditions and things required to be taken, fulfilled and done (including the obtaining of any 
necessary consents) to ensure that the Notes, Coupons, Talons and Deed of Covenant represent valid, legally 
binding and enforceable obligations of Carlsberg A/S are taken, fulfilled and done and are in full force and 
effect, (ii) legal opinions addressed to the Noteholders shall have been delivered to them (care of the Fiscal 
Agent) from a lawyer or firm of lawyers with a leading securities practice in Denmark and in England as to 
the fulfilment of the preceding condition of this paragraph and (iii) any solicited credit rating assigned to the 
Notes will remain the same or be improved when Carlsberg A/S assumes the obligations of the Issuer in 
respect of the Notes or, in the event that there is no solicited rating in respect of the Notes but there is a 
solicited rating in respect of the senior unsecured long term debt of the Issuer, the rating of the senior long 
term debt of Carlsberg A/S will be equal to or higher than the rating of the senior long term debt of the Issuer 
when Carlsberg A/S assumes the obligations of the Issuer under the Notes and, in each case, this has been 
confirmed in writing by each rating agency which has assigned a solicited rating to the Notes or, as the case 
may be, the senior long term debt of the Issuer.
“Principal Subsidiary” at any time means a Subsidiary;
(1)
whose total consolidated assets or consolidated turnover attributable to the Issuer represents not less 
than 10 per cent. of the consolidated total assets or, as the case may be, consolidated turnover of the 
Issuer and its consolidated subsidiaries taken as a whole, all as calculated by reference to the then 
latest consolidated audited accounts of the Issuer and its consolidated subsidiaries; or
(2)
to which is transferred the whole or substantially the whole of the assets and undertakings of a 
Subsidiary which immediately prior to such transfer is a Principal Subsidiary (provided that the 
transferee shall cease to be a Principal Subsidiary upon the next audited accounts of the Issuer and its 
Subsidiaries becoming available if those accounts show that it is not a Principal Subsidiary within the 
terms of paragraph (1) above).
A certificate of two authorised signatories of the Issuer that in their opinion a Subsidiary is or is not or was or 
was not during a particular period a Principal Subsidiary shall, in the absence of manifest error, be conclusive 
and binding on the Issuer and the Noteholders; and
“Subsidiary” means any entity (whether or not now existing) more than 50 per cent. of whose issued equity 
capital (or equivalent) or voting rights in relation thereto is then held or beneficially owned or controlled, or 
the composition of whose board of directors is then controlled, directly or indirectly, by the Issuer and/or any 
one or more of its Subsidiaries.
11
Meeting of Noteholders, Modifications and Substitution
(a)
Meetings of Noteholders
The Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings of Noteholders to consider any 
matter affecting their interests, including the sanctioning by Extraordinary Resolution (as defined in 
the Agency Agreement) of a modification of any of these Conditions. Such a meeting may be 
convened by Noteholders holding not less than 10 per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes for the 
time being outstanding. The quorum for any meeting convened to consider an Extraordinary 
Resolution shall be two or more persons holding or representing a clear majority in nominal amount of 
the Notes for the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned meeting two or more persons being or 
representing Noteholders whatever the nominal amount of the Notes held or represented, unless the 
business of such meeting includes consideration of proposals, inter alia, (i) to amend the dates of
maturity or redemption of the Notes or any date for payment of interest or Interest Amounts on the 
Notes, (ii) to reduce or cancel the nominal amount of, or any premium payable on redemption of, the

--- Page 67 ---
61
Notes, (iii) to reduce the rate or rates of interest in respect of the Notes or to vary the method or basis 
of calculating the rate or rates or amount of interest or the basis for calculating any Interest Amount in 
respect of the Notes, (iv) if a Minimum and/or a Maximum Rate of Interest or Redemption Amount is
shown hereon, to reduce any such Minimum and/or Maximum, (v) to vary any method of, or basis for, 
calculating the Final Redemption Amount, the Early Redemption Amount or the Optional Redemption 
Amount, or the Change of Control Redemption Amounts including the method of calculating the 
Amortised Face Amount, (vi) to vary the currency or currencies of payment or denomination of the 
Notes, or (vii) to modify the provisions concerning the quorum required at any meeting of Noteholders 
or the majority required to pass the Extraordinary Resolution, in which case the necessary quorum 
shall be two or more persons holding or representing not less than 75 per cent. or at any adjourned 
meeting not less than 25 per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding. Any 
Extraordinary Resolution duly passed shall be binding on Noteholders (whether or not they were 
present at the meeting at which such resolution was passed) and on all Couponholders.
The Agency Agreement provides that a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of two or more 
persons holding or representing not less than 75 per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes outstanding
shall for all purposes be as valid and effective as an Extraordinary Resolution passed at a meeting of 
Noteholders duly convened and held. Such a resolution in writing may be contained in one document 
or several documents in the same form, each signed by or on behalf of one or more Noteholders.
These Conditions may be amended, modified or varied in relation to any Series of Notes by the terms
of the relevant Final Terms in relation to such Series.
(b)
Modification of Agency Agreement
Without prejudice to Condition 5(k), the Issuer shall only permit any modification of, or any waiver or 
authorisation of any breach or proposed breach of or any failure to comply with, the Agency
Agreement, if to do so could not reasonably be expected to be prejudicial to the interests of the 
Noteholders.
(c)
Substitution
The Issuer may, without the consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders, substitute Carlsberg A/S 
for itself as principal debtor under the Notes, the Coupons and the Talons (the “Substitute”). The 
substitution shall be made by a deed poll (the “Deed Poll”), to be substantially in the form scheduled to 
the Agency Agreement as Schedule 9, and may take place only if (i) the Substitute shall, by means of 
the Deed Poll, agree to indemnify each Noteholder and Couponholder, on an after tax basis, against 
any tax, duty, assessment or governmental charge that is imposed on it by (or by any authority in or of) 
the jurisdiction of the country of residence of the Substitute for tax purposes and, if different, of its 
incorporation with respect to any Note, Coupon, Talon or the Deed of Covenant and that would not 
have been so imposed had the substitution not been made, as well as against any tax, duty, assessment 
or governmental charge, and any cost or expense, relating to the substitution, (ii) all action, conditions 
and things required to be taken, fulfilled and done (including the obtaining of any necessary consents) 
to ensure that the Deed Poll, the Notes, Coupons, Talons and Deed of Covenant represent valid, legally 
binding and enforceable obligations of the Substitute have been taken, fulfilled and done and are in full 
force and effect, (iii) the Substitute shall have become party to the Agency Agreement, with any 
appropriate consequential amendments, as if it had been an original party to it, (iv) legal opinions 
addressed to the Noteholders shall have been delivered to them (care of the Fiscal Agent) from a 
lawyer or firm of lawyers with a leading securities practice in Denmark and in England as to the 
fulfilment of the preceding conditions of this paragraph (c) and the other matters specified in the Deed 
Poll, (v) any solicited credit rating assigned to the Notes will remain the same or be improved when

--- Page 68 ---
62
the Substitute replaces and substitutes the Issuer in respect of the Notes or, in the event that there is no 
solicited rating in respect of the Notes but there is a solicited rating in respect of the senior unsecured 
long term debt of the Issuer, such rating will remain the same or be improved when the Substitute 
replaces and substitutes the Issuer in respect of the Notes and, in each case, this has been confirmed in 
writing by each rating agency which has assigned a solicited rating to the Notes or, as the case may be,
the senior long term debt of the Issuer and (vi) the Issuer shall have given at least 14 days’ prior notice
of such substitution to the Noteholders, stating that copies, or pending execution the agreed text, of all 
documents in relation to the substitution that are referred to above, or that might otherwise reasonably
be regarded as material to Noteholders, shall be available for inspection at the specified office of each 
of the Paying Agents. References in Condition 10 to obligations under the Notes shall be deemed to 
include obligations under the Deed Poll.
12
Replacement of Notes, Certificates, Coupons and Talons
If a Note, Certificate, Coupon or Talon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced, 
subject to applicable laws, regulations and stock exchange or other relevant authority regulations, at the 
specified office of the Fiscal Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes, Coupons or Talons) and of the Registrar (in 
the case of Certificates) or such other Paying Agent or Transfer Agent, as the case may be, as may from time 
to time be designated by the Issuer for the purpose and notice of whose designation is given to Noteholders, in 
each case on payment by the claimant of the fees and costs incurred in connection therewith and on such 
terms as to evidence, security and indemnity (which may provide, inter alia, that if the allegedly lost, stolen 
or destroyed Note, Certificate, Coupon or Talon is subsequently presented for payment or, as the case may be, 
for exchange for further Coupons, there shall be paid to the Issuer on demand the amount payable by the
Issuer in respect of such Notes, Certificates, Coupons or further Coupons) and otherwise as the Issuer may 
require. Mutilated or defaced Notes, Certificates, Coupons or Talons must be surrendered before replacements 
will be issued.
13
Further Issues
The Issuer may from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders create and issue 
further notes having the same terms and conditions as the Notes (so that, for the avoidance of doubt, 
references in these Conditions to “Issue Date” shall be to the first issue date of the Notes) and so that the same 
shall be consolidated and form a single series with such Notes, and references in these Conditions to “Notes” 
shall be construed accordingly.
14
Notices
Notices to the holders of Registered Notes shall be mailed to them at their respective addresses in the Register 
and deemed to have been given on the fourth weekday (being a day other than a Saturday or a Sunday) after 
the date of mailing. Notices to the holders of Bearer Notes shall be valid if published in a daily newspaper of 
general circulation in Luxembourg (which is expected to be the Luxemburger Wort) or, so long as the Notes 
are listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, published on the website of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu). If any such publication is not practicable, notice shall be validly given if 
published in another leading daily English language newspaper with general circulation in Europe. Any such 
notice shall be deemed to have been given on the date of such publication or, if published more than once or 
on different dates, on the date of the first publication as provided above.
Couponholders shall be deemed for all purposes to have notice of the contents of any notice given to the 
holders of Bearer Notes in accordance with this Condition.

--- Page 69 ---
63
15
Currency Indemnity
Any amount received or recovered in a currency other than the currency in which payment under the relevant 
Note or Coupon is due (whether as a result of, or of the enforcement of, a judgment or order of a court of any 
jurisdiction, in the insolvency, winding-up or dissolution of the Issuer or otherwise) by any Noteholder or 
Couponholder in respect of any sum expressed to be due to it from the Issuer shall only constitute a discharge 
to the Issuer to the extent of the amount in the currency of payment under the relevant Note or Coupon that 
the recipient is able to purchase with the amount so received or recovered in that other currency on the date of 
that receipt or recovery (or, if it is not practicable to make that purchase on that date, on the first date on 
which it is practicable to do so). If the amount received or recovered is less than the amount expressed to be 
due to the recipient under any Note or Coupon, the Issuer shall indemnify it against any loss sustained by it as 
a result. In any event, the Issuer shall indemnify the recipient against the cost of making any such purchase. 
These indemnities constitute a separate and independent obligation from the Issuer’s other obligations, shall
give rise to a separate and independent cause of action, shall apply irrespective of any indulgence granted by 
any Noteholder or Couponholder and shall continue in full force and effect despite any other judgment, order, 
claim or proof for a liquidated amount in respect of any sum due under any Note or Coupon or any other 
judgment or order.
16
Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of the Notes under the Contracts (Rights of 
Third Parties) Act 1999.
17
Governing Law and Jurisdiction
(a)
Governing Law
The Notes, the Coupons and the Talons and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with them are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, English law.
(b)
Jurisdiction
The Courts of England are to have jurisdiction to settle any disputes that may arise out of or in 
connection with any Notes, Coupons or Talons and accordingly any legal action or proceedings arising
out of or in connection with any Notes, Coupons or Talons (“Proceedings”) may be brought in such 
courts. The Issuer irrevocably submits to the jurisdiction of the courts of England and waives any 
objection to Proceedings in such courts on the ground of venue or on the ground that the Proceedings 
have been brought in an inconvenient forum. This submission is made for the benefit of each of the 
holders of the Notes, Coupons and Talons and shall not affect the right of any of them to take 
Proceedings in any other court of competent jurisdiction nor shall the taking of Proceedings in one or 
more jurisdictions preclude the taking of Proceedings in any other jurisdiction (whether concurrently 
or not).
(c)
Service of Process
The Issuer irrevocably appoints
Carlsberg UK Limited, Marston's House, Brewery Road, 
Wolverhampton, England, WV1 4JT as its agent in England to receive, for it and on its behalf, service 
of process in any Proceedings in England. Such service shall be deemed completed on delivery to such 
process agent (whether or not, it is forwarded to and received by the Issuer). If for any reason such
process agent ceases to be able to act as such or no longer has an address in London, the Issuer 
irrevocably agrees to appoint a substitute process agent and shall immediately notify Noteholders of

--- Page 70 ---
64
such appointment in accordance with Condition 14. Nothing shall affect the right to serve process in 
any manner permitted by law.

--- Page 71 ---
65
OVERVIEW OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM
1
Initial Issue of Notes
If the Global Notes or Global Certificates are stated in the applicable Final Terms to be issued in NGN form 
or to be held under the NSS (as the case may be), the Global Notes or the Global Certificates will be delivered 
on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche to a Common Safekeeper. Depositing the Global Notes or 
the Global Certificates with the Common Safekeeper does not necessarily mean that the Notes will be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the 
Eurosystem either upon issue, or at any or all times during their life. Such recognition will depend upon 
satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria.
Global Notes which are issued in CGN form and Global Certificates which are not held under the NSS may 
be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche to a Common Depositary.
If the Global Note is a CGN, upon the initial deposit of a Global Note with a common depositary for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (the “Common Depositary”) or registration of Registered Notes in 
the name of any nominee for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and delivery of the relative Global 
Certificate to the Common Depositary, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg will credit each subscriber 
with a nominal amount of Notes equal to the nominal amount thereof for which it has subscribed and paid. If 
the Global Note is a NGN, the nominal amount of the Notes shall be the aggregate amount from time to time 
entered in the records of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg. The records of such clearing system shall be 
conclusive evidence of the nominal amount of Notes represented by the Global Note and a statement issued 
by such clearing system at any time shall be conclusive evidence of the records of the relevant clearing
system at that time.
Notes that are initially deposited with the Common Depositary may also be credited to the accounts of 
subscribers with (if indicated in the relevant Final Terms) other clearing systems through direct or indirect
accounts with Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg held by such other clearing systems. Conversely, 
Notes that are initially deposited with any other clearing system may similarly be credited to the accounts of 
subscribers with Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or other clearing systems.
2
Relationship of Accountholders with Clearing Systems
Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other permitted 
clearing system (“Alternative Clearing System”) as the holder of a Note represented by a Global Note or a 
Global Certificate must look solely to Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or any such Alternative Clearing 
System (as the case may be) for his share of each payment made by the Issuer to the bearer of such Global 
Note or the holder of the underlying Registered Notes, as the case may be, and in relation to all other rights 
arising under the Global Notes or Global Certificates, subject to and in accordance with the respective rules 
and procedures of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg, or such Alternative Clearing System (as the case may 
be). Such persons shall have no claim directly against the Issuer in respect of payments due on the Notes for 
so long as the Notes are represented by such Global Note or Global Certificate and such obligations of the 
Issuer will be discharged by payment to the bearer of such Global Note or the holder of the underlying 
Registered Notes, as the case may be, in respect of each amount so paid.

--- Page 72 ---
66
3
Exchange
3.1
Temporary Global Notes
Each temporary Global Note will be exchangeable, free of charge to the holder, on or after its 
Exchange Date:
(i)
if the relevant Final Terms indicates that such Global Note is issued in compliance with TEFRA 
C or in a transaction to which TEFRA is not applicable (as to which, see “General Description
of the Programme — Selling Restrictions”), in whole, but not in part, for the Definitive Notes 
defined and described below; and
(ii)
otherwise, in whole or in part upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership in the form 
set out in the Agency Agreement for interests in a permanent Global Note or, if so provided in 
the relevant Final Terms, for Definitive Notes.
Each temporary Global Note that is also an Exchangeable Bearer Note will be exchangeable for 
Registered Notes in accordance with the Conditions in addition to any permanent Global Note or 
Definitive Notes for which it may be exchangeable and, before its Exchange Date, will also be
exchangeable in whole or in part for Registered Notes only.
3.2
Permanent Global Notes
Each permanent Global Note will be exchangeable, free of charge to the holder, on or after its 
Exchange Date in whole but not, except as provided under paragraph 3.4 below, in part for Definitive 
Notes or, in the case of paragraph 3.4 below, Registered Notes:
(i)
if the permanent Global Note is an Exchangeable Bearer Note, by the holder giving notice to 
the Fiscal Agent of its election to exchange the whole or a part of such Global Note for 
Registered Notes and
(ii)
(a) if the permanent Global Note is held on behalf of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or 
an Alternative Clearing System and any such clearing system is closed for business for a 
continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of holidays, statutory or otherwise) or 
announces an intention permanently to cease business or in fact does so; or (b) if principal in 
respect of any Notes is not paid when due, by the holder giving notice to the Fiscal Agent of its 
election for such exchange.
In the event that a Global Note is exchanged for Definitive Notes, such Definitive Notes shall be
issued in Specified Denomination(s) only. A Noteholder who holds a principal amount of less than the 
minimum Specified Denomination will not receive a definitive Note in respect of such holding and 
would need to purchase a principal amount of Notes such that it holds an amount equal to one or more 
Specified Denominations.
3.3
Permanent Global Certificates
If the Final Terms state that the Notes are to be represented by a permanent Global Certificate on issue, 
the following will apply in respect of transfers of Notes held in Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
or an Alternative Clearing System. These provisions will not prevent the trading of interests in the 
Notes within a clearing system whilst they are held on behalf of such clearing system, but will limit the
circumstances in which the Notes may be withdrawn from the relevant clearing system.
Transfers of the holding of Notes represented by any Global Certificate pursuant to Condition 2(b) 
may only be made in part:

--- Page 73 ---
67
(i)
if the relevant clearing system is closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other 
than by reason of holidays, statutory or otherwise) or announces an intention permanently to 
cease business or does in fact do so; or
(ii)
if principal in respect of any Notes is not paid when due; or
(iii)
with the consent of the Issuer,
provided that, in the case of the first transfer of part of a holding pursuant to paragraph 3.3(i) or 3.3(ii) 
above, the Registered Holder has given the Registrar not less than 30 days’ notice at its specified office 
of the Registered Holder’s intention to effect such transfer.
3.4
Partial Exchange of Permanent Global Notes
For so long as a permanent Global Note is held on behalf of a clearing system and the rules of that 
clearing system permit, such permanent Global Note will be exchangeable in part on one or more 
occasions (i) for Registered Notes if the permanent Global Note is an Exchangeable Bearer Note and
the part submitted for exchange is to be exchanged for Registered Notes, or (ii) for Definitive Notes (a) 
if principal in respect of any Notes is not paid when due.
3.5
Delivery of Notes
If the Global Note is a CGN, on or after any due date for exchange, the holder of a Global Note may 
surrender such Global Note or, in the case of a partial exchange, present it for endorsement to or to the 
order of the Fiscal Agent. In exchange for any Global Note, or the part thereof to be exchanged, the 
Issuer will (i) in the case of a temporary Global Note exchangeable for a permanent Global Note, 
deliver, or procure the delivery of, a permanent Global Note in an aggregate nominal amount equal to 
that of the whole or that part of a temporary Global Note that is being exchanged or, in the case of a 
subsequent exchange, endorse, or procure the endorsement of, a permanent Global Note to reflect such 
exchange or (ii) in the case of a Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes or Registered Notes, 
deliver, or procure the delivery of, an equal aggregate nominal amount of duly executed and
authenticated Definitive Notes and/or Certificates, as the case may be or if the Global Note is a NGN, 
the Issuer will procure that details of such exchange be entered pro rata in the records of the relevant 
clearing system. In this Base Prospectus, “Definitive Notes” means, in relation to any Global Note, the
definitive Bearer Notes for which such Global Note may be exchanged (if appropriate, having attached 
to them all Coupons in respect of interest that have not already been paid on the Global Note and a 
Talon). Definitive Notes will be security printed and Certificates will be printed in accordance with 
any applicable legal and stock exchange requirements in or substantially in the form set out in the 
Schedules to the Agency Agreement. On exchange in full of each permanent Global Note, the Issuer 
will, if the holder so requests, procure that it is cancelled and returned to the holder together with the 
relevant Definitive Notes.
3.6
Exchange Date
“Exchange Date” means, in relation to a temporary Global Note, the day falling after the expiry of 40 
days after its issue date and, in relation to a permanent Global Note, a day falling not less than 60 days, 
or in the case of an exchange for Registered Notes five days, or in the case of failure to pay principal in 
respect of any Notes when due 30 days, after that on which the notice requiring exchange is given and 
on which banks are open for business in the city in which the specified office of the Fiscal Agent is 
located and in the city in which the relevant clearing system is located.

--- Page 74 ---
68
4
Amendment to Conditions
The temporary Global Notes, permanent Global Notes and Global Certificates contain provisions that apply to 
the Notes that they represent, some of which modify the effect of the terms and conditions of the Notes set out 
in this Base Prospectus. The following is an overview of certain of those provisions:
4.1
Payments
No payment falling due after the Exchange Date will be made on any Global Note unless exchange for 
an interest in a permanent Global Note or for Definitive Notes or Registered Notes is improperly
withheld or refused. Payments on any temporary Global Note issued in compliance with TEFRA D 
before the Exchange Date will only be made against presentation of certification as to non-U.S. 
beneficial ownership in the form set out in the Agency Agreement. All payments in respect of Notes 
represented by a Global Note in CGN form will be made against presentation for endorsement and, if 
no further payment falls to be made in respect of the Notes, surrender of that Global Note to or to the 
order of the Fiscal Agent or such other Paying Agent as shall have been notified to the Noteholders for 
such purpose. If the Global Note is a CGN, a record of each payment so made will be endorsed on 
each Global Note, which endorsement will be prima facie evidence that such payment has been made 
in respect of the Notes. If the Global Note is a NGN or if the Global Certificate is held under the NSS, 
the Issuer shall procure that details of each such payment shall be entered pro rata in the records of the 
relevant clearing system and in the case of payments of principal, the nominal amount of the Notes
recorded in the records of the relevant clearing system and represented by the Global Note or the
Global Certificate will be reduced accordingly. Payments under a NGN will be made to its holder.
Each payment so made will discharge the Issuer’s obligations in respect thereof. Any failure to make 
the entries in the records of the relevant clearing system shall not affect such discharge. For the 
purpose of any payments made in respect of a Global Note, the relevant place of presentation shall be 
disregarded in the definition of “business day” set out in Condition 7(h) (Non-Business Days).
Each payment in respect of Registered Notes whilst in global form will be made to, or to the order of, 
the person whose name is entered on the Register at the close of business on the record date which 
shall be on the Clearing System Business Day immediately prior to the date for payment, where 
“Clearing System Business Day” means Monday to Friday inclusive except 25 December and 1 
January.
4.2
Prescription
Claims against the Issuer in respect of Notes that are represented by a permanent Global Note will 
become void unless it is presented for payment within a period of 10 years (in the case of principal) 
and five years (in the case of interest) from the appropriate Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 9).
4.3
Meetings
The holder of a permanent Global Note or of the Notes represented by a Global Certificate shall 
(unless such permanent Global Note or Global Certificate represents only one Note) be treated as 
being two persons for the purposes of any quorum requirements of a meeting of Noteholders and, at 
any such meeting, the holder of a permanent Global Note shall be treated as having one vote in respect 
of each integral currency unit of the Specified Currency of the Notes. (All holders of Registered Notes 
are entitled to one vote in respect of each integral currency unit of the Specified Currency of the Notes 
comprising such Noteholder’s holding, whether or not represented by a Global Certificate.)

--- Page 75 ---
69
4.4
Cancellation
Cancellation of any Note represented by a permanent Global Note that is required by the Conditions to 
be cancelled (other than upon its redemption) will be effected by reduction in the nominal amount of 
the relevant permanent Global Note.
4.5
Purchase
Notes represented by a permanent Global Note may only be purchased by the Issuer or any of its 
subsidiaries if they are purchased together with the rights to receive all future payments of interest.
4.6
Issuer’s Option
Any option of the Issuer provided for in the Conditions of any Notes while such Notes are represented 
by a permanent Global Note shall be exercised by the Issuer giving notice to the Noteholders within 
the time limits set out in and containing the information required by the Conditions, except that the 
notice shall not be required to contain the serial numbers of Notes drawn in the case of a partial 
exercise of an option and accordingly no drawing of Notes shall be required. In the event that any 
option of the Issuer is exercised in respect of some but not all of the Notes of any Series, the rights of 
accountholders with a clearing system in respect of the Notes will be governed by the standard 
procedures of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (to be reflected in the records of Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a reduction in nominal amount, at their 
discretion) or any other Alternative Clearing System (as the case may be).
4.7
Noteholders’ Options
Any option of the Noteholders provided for in the Conditions of any Notes while such Notes are
represented by a permanent Global Note may be exercised by the holder of the permanent Global Note 
giving notice to the Fiscal Agent within the time limits relating to the deposit of Notes with a Paying 
Agent set out in the Conditions substantially in the form of the notice available from any Paying 
Agent, except that the notice shall not be required to contain the serial numbers of the Notes in respect
of which the option has been exercised, and stating the nominal amount of Notes in respect of which
the option is exercised and at the same time, where the permanent Global Note is a CGN or where the 
Global Certificate is held under the NSS, presenting the permanent Global Note to the Fiscal Agent, or
to a Paying Agent acting on behalf of the Fiscal Agent, for notation. Where the Global Note is a NGN, 
the Issuer shall procure that details of such exercise shall be entered pro rata in the records of the 
relevant clearing system and the nominal amount of the Notes recorded in those records will be 
reduced accordingly.
4.8
NGN nominal amount
Where the Global Note is a NGN, the Issuer shall procure that any exchange, payment, cancellation, 
exercise of any option or any right under the Notes, as the case may be, in addition to the 
circumstances set out above shall be entered in the records of the relevant clearing systems and upon 
any such entry being made, in respect of payments of principal, the nominal amount of the Notes 
represented by such Global Note shall be adjusted accordingly.
4.9
Events of Default
Each Global Note provides that the holder may cause such Global Note, or a portion of it, to become
due and repayable in the circumstances described in Condition 10 by stating in the notice to the Fiscal
Agent the nominal amount of such Global Note that is becoming due and repayable. If principal in 
respect of any Note is not paid when due, the holder of a Global Note or Registered Notes represented 
by a Global Certificate may elect for direct enforcement rights against the Issuer under the terms of a 
Deed of Covenant executed as a deed by the Issuer on 7 June 2012 to come into effect in relation to the

--- Page 76 ---
70
whole or a part of such Global Note or one or more Registered Notes in favour of the persons entitled 
to such part of such Global Note or such Registered Notes, as the case may be, as accountholders with 
a clearing system. Following any such acquisition of direct rights, the Global Note or, as the case may 
be, the Global Certificate and the corresponding entry in the register kept by the Registrar will become 
void as to the specified portion or Registered Notes, as the case may be. However, no such election
may be made in respect of Notes represented by a Global Certificate unless the transfer of the whole or
a part of the holding of Notes represented by that Global Certificate shall have been improperly 
withheld or refused.
4.10
Notices
So long as any Notes are represented by a Global Note and such Global Note is held on behalf of a 
clearing system, notices to the holders of Notes of that Series may be given by delivery of the relevant 
notice to that clearing system for communication by it to entitled accountholders in substitution for 
publication as required by the Conditions or by delivery of the relevant notice to the holder of the 
Global Note, except that so long as the Notes are listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange and admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market and the 
rules of that exchange so require, notices shall also be published either on the website of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu) or in a leading newspaper having general circulation in 
Luxembourg (which is expected to be the Luxemburger Wort).
5
Electronic Consent and Written Resolution
While any Global Note is held on behalf of, or any Global Certificate is registered in the name of any 
nominee for, a clearing system, then: 
(a)
approval of a resolution proposed by the Issuer given by way of electronic consents communicated 
through the electronic communications systems of the relevant clearing system(s) in accordance with 
their operating rules and procedures by or on behalf of the holders of not less than 75 per cent. in 
nominal amount of the Notes outstanding (an “Electronic Consent” as defined in the Agency 
Agreement) shall, for all purposes (including matters that would otherwise require an Extraordinary 
Resolution to be passed at a meeting for which the Special Quorum was satisfied), take effect as an
Extraordinary Resolution passed at a meeting of Noteholders duly convened and held, and shall be 
binding on all Noteholders and holders of Coupons and Talons whether or not they participated in such 
Electronic Consent; and
(b)
where Electronic Consent is not being sought, for the purpose of determining whether a Written
Resolution (as defined in the Agency Agreement) has been validly passed, the Issuer shall be entitled 
to rely on consent or instructions given in writing directly to the Issuer by (a) accountholders in the 
clearing system with entitlements to such Global Note or Global Certificate and/or, where (b) the 
accountholders hold any such entitlement on behalf of another person, on written consent from or 
written instruction by the person identified by that accountholder as the person for whom such 
entitlement is held. For the purpose of establishing the entitlement to give any such consent or 
instruction, the Issuer shall be entitled to rely on any certificate or other document issued by, in the 
case of (a) above, Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant alternative clearing 
system and the accountholder identified by the relevant clearing system for the purposes of (b) above. 
Any resolution passed in such manner shall be binding on all Noteholders and Couponholders, even if 
the relevant consent or instruction proves to be defective. Any such certificate or other document may 
comprise any form of statement or print out of electronic records provided by the relevant clearing 
system (including Euroclear’s EUCLID or Clearstream, Luxembourg’s CreationOnline system) in 
accordance with its usual procedures and in which the accountholder of a particular principal or

--- Page 77 ---
71
nominal amount of the Notes is clearly identified together with the amount of such holding. The Issuer
shall not be liable to any person by reason of having accepted as valid or not having rejected any 
certificate or other document to such effect purporting to be issued by any such person and 
subsequently found to be forged or not authentic.

--- Page 78 ---
72
USE OF PROCEEDS
The net proceeds from the issue of each Tranche of Notes will be applied by the Issuer for general corporate 
purposes. If, in respect of an issue, there is a particular identified use of proceeds, this will be stated in the 
applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 79 ---
73
CARLSBERG BREWERIES A/S
Introduction
Carlsberg Breweries A/S (“Carlsberg Breweries”, the “Company” or the “Issuer” and, together with its 
subsidiaries taken as a whole, the “Group”) was established on 1 July 2000 as a Danish registered limited 
liability company with registered number 25508343 pursuant to an agreement dated 31 May 2000 between 
Carlsberg A/S (“Carlsberg” and, together with its subsidiaries taken as a whole, the “Carlsberg Group”) and
Orkla ASA. The Issuer is registered in Copenhagen and operates under Danish law. The Issuer has been a 
wholly owned subsidiary of Carlsberg since February 2004. The Issuer’s registered office is at 1 J.C. 
Jacobsens Gade, 1799 Copenhagen V, Denmark and its telephone number is +45 33273300.
Carlsberg Breweries is the principal holding company for the domestic and international brewing business of 
the Carlsberg Group. The Carlsberg Group is the world’s third-largest international brewing group, with
strong market positions in Western Europe, Asia and Eastern Europe (Sources: GlobalData Global Beer 
Trends 2020). In the following section, comments regarding market position are all referring to volume. 
Market position and market share data are based on GlobalData 2020 Beer & Cider Market Insight reports or 
internal estimates for markets where GlobalData data is not available.
The Group’s core business is the production, marketing, distribution and sale of beer. The Group’s beer brand 
portfolio consists of a combination of core beer brands (such as the international brands Carlsberg and 
Tuborg, and strong local power brands, such as Ringnes, Feldschlösschen, Kronenbourg, Baltika, Lvivske, 
Beerlao, Chongqing and Wusu), craft & speciality beer brands (such as 1664 Blanc, Grimbergen, Nya 
Carnegie and Jacobsen) and alcohol-free brews (such as Carlsberg 0.0, Carlsberg Nordic, Okocim 0.0 and 
Baltika 0). The Group markets its products in more than 100 markets worldwide and has majority-owned 
brewing operations in 29 countries.
The Group’s global operations are diversified among the markets of Western Europe, Asia and Eastern 
Europe. In Western Europe, Carlsberg has strong market positions in Denmark, Finland, Norway, Sweden, 
France, Switzerland, the Baltics, northern Germany, Bulgaria, Greece and Portugal in addition to positions in 
the UK, Italy, Poland, Croatia and Serbia. In Asia, the Group holds a leading position in western China, Laos, 
Nepal and Hong Kong by volume and a number two position in Malaysia and Singapore. In India, the Group 
holds a number three market position by volume, while it is number four in Vietnam, Cambodia and
Myanmar. In Eastern Europe, the Group has number one and two positions in Russia, Ukraine, Belarus, 
Azerbaijan and Kazakhstan by volume.
As of 1 January 2021, the Group changed its regional structure to optimise regional management and ensure a 
better balance between the European regions. The Western Europe region includes Denmark, Finland, France, 
Germany, Norway, Poland, Portugal, Sweden, Switzerland and the UK. The Central and Eastern Europe 
region includes the former Eastern Europe markets of Azerbaijan, Belarus, Kazakhstan, Russia and Ukraine,
and the former Western Europe markets of the Baltics, Bulgaria, Croatia, Italy, Serbia and the Export and
License business, in which some of the important markets are Turkey, Australia, Canada, Ireland, the Middle 
East, North America, South Korea and Belgium.
In order to maximise the effectiveness of the Group’s beer product portfolio and to lower unit distribution 
costs, Carlsberg Breweries also produces, markets, sells and distributes soft drinks, mineral water,
sports/energy drinks, cider and other alcoholic and alcohol-free beverages in certain markets where this is 
considered an advantage. The Group has exclusive bottling agreements with The Coca-Cola Company in 
Denmark and Finland and PepsiCo Inc. in Norway, Sweden, Laos and Cambodia.

--- Page 80 ---
74
In 2020, 85 per cent. of the Group’s Total Volume (130.1 million hl) was generated from beer and 15 per cent. 
of the Group’s Total Volume was generated from soft drinks, mineral water and other non-beer beverages.
Total Volume refers to the Group’s sale of beverages in consolidated entities and sale of the Group’s products 
under licence agreements.
COVID-19 presented significant challenges for the Group in 2020 impacting employees, customers and 
business operations. During the year, the top priorities were the health and wellbeing of the Group’s 
employees, servicing customers, protecting the financial health of the business and preparing for the rebound.
In 2020, Total Volumes declined organically by 3.8 per cent. Beer volumes declined organically by 2.8 per 
cent, impacted by COVID-19 in most markets. Non-beer volumes declined organically by 8.7per cent. In 
addition to COVID-19, non-beer volumes were impacted by lower sales of soft drinks at the German/Danish 
border. Impacted by country, channel, product and packaging mix, revenue/hl declined by 5 per cent., leading 
to an organic revenue decline of 8.4 per cent. Operating profit declined organically by 3.5 per cent. as the 
Group was able to partly offset the revenue decline through cost reduction measures across the value chain. In 
reported terms, operating profit declined by 7.7 per cent., mainly due to a negative impact from currencies.
Carlsberg Breweries holds ratings from Moody’s and Fitch (since January 2006). The current ratings are 
BBB+, stable outlook (Fitch) and Baa2, stable outlook (Moody’s).
Impact of COVID-19 on the Group’s markets and business 
Group results were affected by the significant impact of the pandemic on the beer market in general, and the 
on-trade in particular. Beer is most often enjoyed in social settings, and markets across the Group’s regions 
were therefore impacted by restrictions and lockdowns that prevented consumers from engaging in social 
activities. Some markets benefited from populations not being able to travel, while others suffered from lack 
of tourism or temporary ruralisation as migrant workers left the cities.
On-Trade
The on-trade covers all outlets with on-premise consumption, including restaurants, pubs, cafes, restaurants 
and the like. For the Group, the on-trade channel accounts for around 25 per cent (2019) of volumes. 
Exposure is at the same level in Western Europe, above average in Asia and very small in Eastern Europe. 
Across the Group’s markets, the on-trade was affected by a range of government interventions, including 
lockdowns, restrictions on people gathering etc., though the length and severity of these measures differed 
between markets. For the Group, on-trade volumes declined by more than 20 per cent.
Off-Trade
The off-trade covers all outlets which sells products for consumption elsewhere, including supermarkets, 
hypermarkets, convenience stores, kiosks and the like. The impact on the off-trade varied significantly 
between markets, depending on governmental actions and their influence on consumer behaviour. In some 
markets, off-trade volumes grew by double-digit percentages, while other markets saw double-digit-
percentage decline. Overall, the Group’s off-trade volumes increased by mid-single-digit percentages, though 
this was not enough to offset the volume decline in the on-trade sector.
E-Commerce
During the year, the Group saw rapid acceleration on e-commerce and digital platforms, albeit from a very 
low base.

--- Page 81 ---
75
Business results
The Group turned its focus onto cost control and protecting profits very early in 2020 when COVID-19 
pandemic had just started spreading.
In terms of revenue, both volumes and price/mix were negatively impacted by decline in market share and 
changes in channel, product and country mix caused by the COVID-19 pandemic.
Regarding costs, the Group reinforced its ‘Funding the Journey’ culture, accelerated efficiencies and initiated 
further cost reductions. A key enabler was the well-embedded Operating Cost Management (OCM) toolkit, 
with 15 specific cost groups for which the Group rigorously initiated actions and monitored savings and gap-
closing progress. The early actions led to significant cost reductions, with savings achieved in almost all cost 
groups, such as professional services, travel, entertainment, people and marketing spend. Some savings will 
be permanent, while others, including marketing, will not.
History
The Carlsberg Group was founded in 1847 by J.C. Jacobsen. His brewery, just outside the city ramparts of 
Copenhagen, pioneered steam brewing, refrigeration techniques and, most significantly, the propagation of a 
single yeast strain. J.C. Jacobsen demanded quality above all else, and his innovations in the art of making 
beer laid the cornerstone of the modern beer-brewing industry. Today, almost all of the main lager products in 
mature markets derive their yeast from the strain developed by Carlsberg (Saccharomyces Carlsbergensis).
In 1970, Carlsberg merged with the second largest Danish brewery group, Tuborgs Bryggerier A/S, founded
in 1873.
During the early 2000s, the Carlsberg Group increasingly focused its resources on its core business of 
brewing, marketing, distribution and sale of beer, actively selling off shareholdings in non-core businesses. 
Over the same period, the Carlsberg Group invested in its existing brewing business, acquiring a significant 
presence in countries where its activities historically had been relatively limited. 
In May 2000, the Carlsberg Group announced the formation of the Carlsberg Breweries joint venture with 
Orkla. Carlsberg Breweries consisted of the beverage operations of the Carlsberg Group and Orkla, with 
Orkla contributing its leading positions in Norway and Sweden and its 50 per cent. shareholding in Baltic 
Beverages Holding AB (“BBH”). Carlsberg owned 60 per cent. of Carlsberg Breweries and Orkla owned the 
remaining 40 per cent.
In February 2004, Carlsberg announced the acquisition of Orkla’s holding in Carlsberg Breweries, which 
resulted in Carlsberg Breweries and its 50 per cent. shareholding in BBH becoming wholly-owned by the 
Carlsberg Group.
In 2008, Carlsberg and Heineken N.V. together acquired Scottish & Newcastle p.l.c. (“S&N”). As part of the 
transaction, Carlsberg acquired, among other things, the remaining 50 per cent. of BBH it did not already own
and S&N’s French business, including Brasseries Kronenbourg and the worldwide brand rights to 
Kronenbourg (excluding UK and Belgium, where the brand rights have been licensed to third parties).
From 2016 to 2019, Carlsberg has carried out a number of smaller acquisitions in order to strengthen its core 
business. These include increasing the ownership of Wusu Beer Group in Xinjiang, China, to 100 per cent., 
acquiring the remaining 49 per cent. of Olympic Brewery in Greece; acquiring an additional 10.5 per cent. of 
Brewery Alivaria in Belarus, increasing our ownership share to 78 per cent.; acquiring 28.5 per cent. of the 
shares in Viacer, the holding company that controls Super Bock Group in Portugal (Viacer continues to be 
controlled by our partner and, consequently, Super Bock Group remains an associate. Following that 
transaction, the Carlsberg Group’s direct and indirect ownership in Super Bock Group is 60 per cent.);

--- Page 82 ---
76
acquiring the remaining 1.2 per cent. of the shares in Carlsberg Ukraine; and acquiring an additional 25 per 
cent. of Cambrew in Cambodia in 2018 and the remaining 25 per cent. in 2019, thereby taking the Group’s 
ownership share to 100 per cent. In 2020, the Group acquired the Brooklyn brand rights in the Group’s 
markets, Marston’s brewing activities in the UK and Wernesgrüner Brewery in Germany, albeit the latter was 
only finally completed in early January 2021. In addition, the Group completed material asset restructuring in 
China, whereby Carlsberg and Chongqing Brewery Co. contributed their controlled assets to the joint venture 
Chongqing Jianiang.
Group Structure
Carlsberg Breweries is the principal holding company for the domestic and international brewing business of 
the Carlsberg Group. The Issuer has been a wholly owned subsidiary of Carlsberg since February 2004.
Carlsberg Group’s largest single shareholder is the Carlsberg Foundation, one of Denmark’s largest charitable 
organisations, which is required by its charter to hold at least 51 per cent. of the voting rights in Carlsberg 
A/S. As at 31 December 2020, the Carlsberg Foundation held 30 per cent. of the share capital of Carlsberg 
A/S, equivalent to 76 per cent. of the voting rights. The remaining shares are freely traded.
The following is a simplified chart showing the position of the Issuer in the Carlsberg Group and the Issuer’s 
relationship with its main operating subsidiaries:
Competitive Strengths
Based on research reports prepared on the global beer market and the Group’s internal estimates, management 
believes that the key strengths that will help the Group deliver on its strategic choices include the following:

The Group has a number of leading market positions in Western Europe, Asia and Eastern Europe by 
volume. 75 per cent. of the Group’s volume is sold in 24 markets where the Group has either a number 
one or number two position (including northern Germany and western China) by volume. As such, the 
Group is able to benefit from significant economies of scale in production, procurement, marketing, 
distribution and sales. 

90 per cent. of the Group’s own beer volumes are made up of core beer. Core beer includes the 
international brands, Carlsberg and Tuborg, and strong local power brands, such as Ringnes in 
Norway, Falcon in Sweden, Kasztelan in Poland, Baltika in Russia, Beerlao in Laos and Chongqing in

--- Page 83 ---
77
China. These local power brands generally have a long history in their markets and command high 
consumer and customer loyalty.

The Carlsberg brand, which is licensed by Carlsberg A/S to the Issuer, and Tuborg are large 
international beer brands. The Carlsberg brand has a presence in more than 100 countries and Tuborg 
in more than 70 countries worldwide through direct sales, licensing and exports. 

In addition to its core beer portfolio, the Group has a portfolio of craft & speciality brands and alcohol-
free brews which together account for 10 per cent. of the Group’s own beer volumes. The craft &
speciality brands include authentic craft brands such as Nya Carnegie, Jacobsen and Valaisanne and 
speciality brands such as Grimbergen and 1664 Blanc. The alcohol-free brew brands include brands 
such as Okocim 0.0, Munkholm, 1664 Blanc San Alcool and Baltika 0.

In the mature beer markets of Western Europe, the Group holds a number of strong market positions by 
volume, including in the Nordics, France and Switzerland, in addition to smaller markets. As a result 
of premiumisation and a number of efficiency and cost reduction initiatives in the region, the Western 
European operating margin has increased from 14.2 per cent. in 2017 to 17.0 per cent. in 2019. Due to 
the significant challenges of COVID-19, including lockdowns and other restrictions, the operating 
margin declined to 15.8 per cent. in 2020. 

Asia is the second largest region in the Group, following strong growth rates in the past years. The 
Group holds either number 1 or number 2 market position by volume in many of its Asian markets, 
including western China, Malaysia, Hong Kong, Laos and Nepal. In India, the Group holds a number 3 
overall market position by volume but with a stronger position with market share of 25 per cent. or 
above in seven states. 

The Group holds strong positions in its Eastern European markets by volume. During the past decade, 
the Group’s Eastern European region has been impacted by difficult market conditions in the region’s
largest market, Russia, due to macroeconomic challenges negatively impacting consumer sentiment, 
significant duty increases and changed regulation for beer. Following a highly competitive 
environment in Russia in 2019, the Group successfully engaged in more promotional activities in 2020 
in order to reverse recent years’ market share decline.

During 2016 to 2018, the Company achieved total net benefits of around DKK 3 billion through its 
Funding the Journey programme, which was launched in November 2015. The Funding the Journey
programme addressed the areas of value management, supply chain and operating expense efficiency 
in addition to right-sizing of businesses. The latter addressed restructuring initiatives and as a result 
impairment, most of which were accounted for in 2015. More than DKK 1 billion of the net benefits 
was reinvested in the business in support of the Group’s strategic priorities. Funding the Journey as a 
specific programme came to an end in 2018 but the focus on efficiencies, costs and cash has continued 
across the Group as part of the “Funding the Journey Culture”. In 2020, the Funding the Journey
mindset became very important in the Group’s ability to partly offset the volume and revenue decline.
Business Strategy
Carlsberg’s activities are focused on markets in which it has the strength and the right products to secure a 
leading position. Due to the variation in the markets, the contribution to growth, earnings and development 
within the Group differs both at present and in the long-term projections.
The Group launched its 7-year strategy, SAIL’22, on 16 March 2016. The strategy and its priorities are based 
on key global trends, value drivers of the global beer industry and the strengths of the Carlsberg Group. It

--- Page 84 ---
78
aims to deliver toward the ambition of becoming a successful, professional and attractive brewer in the
Group’s markets.
The key priorities of SAIL’22 are Strengthen the Core, Position for Growth and Create a Winning Culture and 
by these deliver value for shareholders. 
The first priority, Strengthen the Core, is focused on extracting more value from the Group’s existing brands 
and businesses. It encompasses initiatives which aim to strengthen the Group’s core market positions and beer 
brands; transform the business in Russia; excel in execution by improving quality, impact and efficiency of
execution; and continue the focus on efficiencies, costs and cash as institutionalised by Funding the Journey.
The second priority, Position for Growth, aims to drive growth in geographies and segments where the Group 
sees long-term growth opportunities. The priority focuses on three areas. These are driving growth of the craft 
& speciality, developing and driving growth of the alcohol-free brew portfolio and capturing profitable 
growth opportunities in Asia by leveraging the Group’s current strongholds and further building its position in
the large beer markets of China, India and Vietnam. In China, the Group has in recent years seen good results 
from expanding outside its western China stronghold by entering into big cities with its premium portfolio. As 
these cities are located in distribution distance from the Group’s existing breweries, the expansion is an asset-
light model not requiring investments in or acquisition of brewing capacity.
The third priority, Create a Winning Culture, has three priorities: foster a team-based performance by creating 
a strong sense of ownership and accountability for delivering results, which will be further supported by a 
close alignment between management incentive schemes and financial objectives; executing on the Group’s 
sustainability programme – Together Towards ZERO – with its ambitious targets within the four priority areas 
(energy & carbon, water, responsible drinking, and health & safety); and finally live by the Group’s Compass 
to conduct our business responsibly. This encompasses high ethical standards, including but not limited to 
strict compliance with company policies and applicable laws, rules and regulations, such as anti-corruption 
and anti-bribery laws, trade sanctions and export control laws as well as competition laws.
Products
The Group’s Core Beer Brands
The core business of the Group is beer. In 2020, 85 per cent. of Total Volume was generated from beer. 90 per 
cent. of own beer volumes are made up of core beer. 
Core beer includes the international brands, Carlsberg and Tuborg, which combined account for 25 per cent. 
of beer volumes. The Group also manages a portfolio of local power brands, for which the majority of sales is 
limited to a single market. These strong local power brands include brands such as Feldschlösschen in 
Switzerland, Ringnes in Norway, Falcon in Sweden, Baltika in Russia, Lvivske in Ukraine, Beerlao in Laos 
and Chongqing in China. Local power brands account for more than 70 per cent. of the Group’s beer volumes. 
An important part of SAIL’22 is to revitalise the core beer portfolio in order to leverage the Group’s strong 
beer brands and market positions, driving growth and improving margins.
Carlsberg. The Carlsberg brand is an international premium brand, available in more than 100 countries 
through direct sales, licensing and exports. In 2020, Carlsberg brand volumes declined by 10 per cent., 
impacted by decline in market share in India and Malaysia and the closure of the night entertainment channel 
in China. The Carlsberg brand is licensed to Carlsberg Breweries by Carlsberg.
Tuborg. The Tuborg brand is an international premium brand. Tuborg is available in over 70 countries 
worldwide. In recent years, the expansion of the brand to Asia has been successful and China and India were
the largest and third largest markets, respectively, for Tuborg in 2020. In 2020, the Tuborg brand volumes

--- Page 85 ---
79
declined by 9 per cent. Tuborg brand volumes grew by 15 per cent. in Russia and also grew in China, but this 
was offset by severe COVID-19-related challenges in other large markets, such as India, Nepal and Denmark.
Local power brands. Leading local power brands play, and will continue to play, an important role in the 
Group’s portfolio. In each of the Group’s European markets, a local mainstream brand has been developed as 
a leading local brand to be a key driver in the local mainstream segment. Among the largest local power 
brands are Baltika in Russia, Chongqing and Wusu in China, Beerlao in Laos, Lvivske in Ukraine and 
Pirinsko in Bulgaria and Holsten in Germany.
The Group’s Craft & Speciality and Alcohol-Free Brands
Craft & speciality and alcohol-free brews are growing rapidly in many of the Group’s markets and are 
designated growth priorities for the Group. In 2020, craft & speciality and alcohol-free brews combined 
accounted for 10 per cent. of own beer volumes. In 2020, the Group’s craft & speciality portfolio grew 
volumes by 1 per cent. while the alcohol-free brew portfolio grew volumes by 11 per cent. overall and by 16 
per cent. in Western Europe.
Craft & speciality is driven by consumer desire for premium brands with varied tastes and beer styles, while 
the growth in alcohol-free brews is attributable to rising interest in healthier choices. Below are examples of 
the Group’s brands.
DraughtMaster is the Group’s proprietary one-way PET keg system and is an important enabler for the growth 
in premium, craft & speciality and alcohol-free brews in the on-trade (for example, bars, pubs, restaurants and 
hotels), as it allows outlets to serve a greater variety of beer on tap, including the more expensive brands. In 
2020, the process of converting all steel-keg installations in the Nordic markets was almost completed while
trials were initiated in Asia. 
Jacobsen. The Jacobsen Brewery was established in 2005 in Copenhagen where J.C. Jacobsen established his 
brewery in 1847. Jacobsen has since established itself as a popular craft brand in Denmark. 
Nya Carnegie. The Nya Carnegie Brewery was established in 2012 as a craft brewery in Stockholm. The 
Brewery markets a range of craft beers, such as Kellerbier lager and 100W IPA.
1664 Blanc. 1664 Blanc is a French wheat beer that plays an important role in the Group’s craft & speciality 
portfolio as an imported speciality brand. It is popular in many markets across our regions, particularly in 
China, which is the largest market for the brand, and in Russia, where strong growth in 2019 has made Russia 
the second-largest market for the brand. In 2020, 1664 Blanc brand volumes grew by 8 per cent.
Grimbergen. Grimbergen is an international speciality brand in the Group’s portfolio of brands. It is a 
Belgium abbey beer dating back to 1128. Since acquiring the brand in connection with the S&N transaction in 
2008, the Group has expanded the geographic reach of the brand and renewed focus on driving the brand is
part of the Group’s strategy, SAIL’22. In 2020, the Grimbergen brand volume declined by 2 per cent, 
particularly impacted by COVID-19-related challenges in France. 
Alcohol-free brews. The alcohol-free brew portfolio mainly consists of alcohol-free line extensions of local
beer brands in Western Europe and in Russia. The Group’s largest alcohol-free brands are Baltika 0 in Russia, 
Karmi in Poland, Tourtel and Kronenbourg in France and Feldschlösschen in Switzerland. In 2020, alcohol-
free brews were positively impacted by an acceleration in consumer awareness of health and wellbeing as the 
COVID-19 pandemic took its toll across the world. Alcohol-free brews grew volumes by 11 per cent. overall 
and 16 per cent. in Western Europe.

--- Page 86 ---
80
Other Beverages Portfolio
The Group also produces, markets, sells and distributes soft drinks, mineral water, sports/energy drinks, cider 
and other alcoholic beverages. The soft drinks portfolio generally consists of the bottling and production 
under license of leading international brands such as Coca-Cola, Pepsi and Schweppes, and strong national 
brands (both carbonated and noncarbonated) such as Tuborg Squash in Denmark, and the water brand 
Ramlösa in Sweden. 
In 2020, 15 per cent. of Total Volume (20.0 million hl) was generated from soft drinks, mineral water, cider 
and other non-beer beverages.
Innovation
In order for the Group’s products to remain attractive and relevant to consumers, the Group aims to develop a 
consumer-driven research and development and innovation agenda by leveraging its understanding of 
consumer drinking occasions and growth opportunities. The Group will also focus its investments on 
leveraging the potential of technology and digital.
The innovation efforts are not only targeted at developing and launching new products and dispense 
technology, but also at enhancing and innovating existing products, developing new types of packaging, and 
improving brewing processes and ingredients. 
Branding and Marketing
Carlsberg A/S owns the Carlsberg brand and licenses the use of it to Carlsberg Breweries under a long-term 
licensing agreement for a nominal fee. The Group is the owner of all its other international and local power 
brands, including Tuborg. With the exception of certain jurisdictions in which it is not possible to register 
trademarks, trademark registrations for the Carlsberg and Tuborg brands have been effected in almost every 
country in the world. Trademark registrations for local power brands have also been effected in numerous 
countries, with the number of countries depending on the importance, volume and geographical presence of 
each such local brand.
In a number of markets where the Group’s brands are licensed to third parties, various agreements have been 
entered into regarding requirements to and opportunities for licensees in relation to the marketing of the
brands licensed.
Branding
The Group will continue to focus on developing and strengthening its brand portfolio based on a combination 
of strong local and international core beer brands, craft & speciality brands and alcohol-free brews. The 
Group supports a portfolio of brands, which meet different consumer needs, to drive long term category value 
growth. The right portfolio for each market is determined by deep consumer insight and market segmentation.
Strategic management of Carlsberg’s international brand portfolio is carried out centrally at Group level to 
ensure consistency in the management of the brands’ equities and to build strong growth models in order to
optimise profits. Execution and implementation of these strategies are secured through the Group’s local sales 
organisations.
Management of local power brands is more decentralised but in order to achieve synergies across markets, 
regional and global teams facilitate the development and sharing of ideas, concepts and experiences, enabling 
these to be applied to local power brands in different markets, where similar propositions would be relevant.

--- Page 87 ---
81
Alongside the Group’s core beer brands, Carlsberg is focused on innovating and growing brands in the 
alcohol-free and craft & speciality segments, utilising a mix of local and global propositions. 
Premiumising and innovation play an increasingly important role in driving value growth and the Group 
focuses on premium brands and innovations which can build category value by trading consumers up, but also 
expanding the penetration amongst new occasions and consumer groups. The craft & speciality brands and 
the alcohol-free range plays a key role here, but the Group also ensures that it constantly innovates on the core 
brands, which are often market leaders, to ensure they remain fresh and relevant. 
Marketing
The Carlsberg Group connects and communicates with consumers through a wide range of marketing 
programmes – always aiming to engage at the right moment, with the right content to drive purchase. The 
Group uses a range of more traditional advertising, alongside increasing usage of digital channels to drive
engagement with its consumers. The Group also makes use of sponsorship engagements on many of its
brands. Most of these are locally embedded. 
Raw Materials and Packaging
The principal raw materials that the Group uses in the brewing process are barley/malt, hops, yeast and water. 
The Group usually uses its own proprietary yeast which it grows in its facilities. In some regions, the Group 
imports hops to obtain appropriate quality and variety. The Group purchases these ingredients through the 
open market and through contracts with suppliers. In Eastern Europe, the Group sources part of its barley 
needs through direct collaboration with farmers.
Raw materials prices are determined by, among other factors: the level of supplier competition and 
consolidation; the level of crop production; weather conditions; overall beer market sales growth; demand 
from overseas markets; government regulations; and macroeconomic conditions. In addition, prices of certain 
raw materials are impacted by the global demand for bio fuels.
The Group seeks to develop and maintain close strategic relationships with its suppliers in order to ensure 
tighter quality control, more competitive prices and better service. Some of the Group’s raw material supply 
contracts are long-term fixed-price contracts to ensure stable supply, price stability and predictability. The 
Group relies to some extent on a few third-party suppliers. See “Risk Factors – Risks Related to the Group’s 
Business – Reliance on key third-parties could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, results 
of operations, cash flows or financial condition.”
The main part of packaging material expenditures is related to beverage cans, glass and PET bottles. 
However, the Group is also a large buyer of steel kegs, crown corks, plastic closures, wet glue labels and 
cardboard products. It has a number of long-term contracts for the supply of packaging materials with 
strategic suppliers. The choice of packaging materials varies by price and availability in different regions, as 
well as by consumer preferences and the individual brand position and image.
Procurement is centralised in Carlsberg Supply Company, located in Switzerland, through which it 
coordinates the procurement of all major raw materials and packaging in Western Europe, Asia and Eastern 
Europe except for concentrates for third-party brands. In Western Europe, the Group mainly purchases its raw 
materials and packaging from large national and international suppliers. In Eastern Europe and Asia, the 
Group also purchases a part of its raw materials and packaging from smaller local or regional suppliers.

--- Page 88 ---
82
Production
Due to similar production methods employed to make different brands of beer, brewers have some flexibility 
to allocate production between their breweries to minimise overheads and distribution costs and reduce capital 
expenditure requirements. A brewer’s ability to achieve such savings is largely driven by extra costs involved 
in changing production/packaging formats and the costs of distribution, together with other considerations 
such as products being associated with specific locations and different national tariff systems.
The Group builds, invests and develops its production facilities to meet the requirements and demands of 
local markets in terms of brand, volume and packaging type, while conforming to Group-wide policies
concerning quality and safety assurance and environmental standards.
Significant value is created by using the strengths of the Group, taking advantage of scale, and harmonising, 
standardising and centralising functions and processes across borders. Carlsberg Supply Company 
encompasses Group procurement, production, logistics and planning functions, and is responsible for the 
production and logistics network in Western Europe and the supply chain standards for the entire Group. 
The Group brews beer in 29 countries. Individual production facilities across the Group vary widely in terms 
of scale. Product quality assurance is a key focus for the Group. The quality of raw materials and production 
is ensured through various activities, including operational audits at the breweries and suppliers as well as
quality-standard certification requirements. 
The Group has an ongoing focus on optimising its brewing, sales and distribution throughout the Group and 
on both a national and regional level as part of its ongoing commitment to free-up invested capital.
Sales and Distribution
The distribution of beer varies from country to country and from region to region. The nature of distribution 
reflects consumption patterns and market structure, geographic density of customers and the existence of 
third-party wholesalers. In some markets brewers distribute directly to customers while in other markets they 
distribute to wholesalers. This is either for legal reasons or because of historical market practice, which plays
an important role in distributing a significant proportion of beer to customers.
The Group utilises three main distribution models, varying by market due to the Group’s positions in those 
markets, regulatory considerations and local market dynamics (consumption patterns, market structure,
geographic density of customers and existence of third-party wholesalers). These distribution models are:

Direct distribution to the retail level (both on-trade and off-trade outlets);

Third-party distribution (wholesalers, importers, distributors, and “cash and carry” outlets); and

A combination of direct and third-party distribution, primarily through wholesalers.
The Group segments its end-customers by channel between on-trade outlets (for example, bars, pubs, 
restaurants and hotels) and off-trade outlets (for example, supermarkets, kiosks and retail shops). This 
segmentation (the “channel model”) allows the Group to allocate resources to different types of customers by 
supplying each channel with the sales support, brand and trade marketing and supply chain that it needs.
In all markets, the Group strives to serve customers in the most cost-efficient way possible while maintaining 
appropriate service levels. 
In Western Europe, product handling is conducted in accordance with quality standards, and warehouse 
operations are enhanced by automation to improve storage and handling capacity. Distribution to retailers and

--- Page 89 ---
83
wholesalers is accomplished either by using trucks owned or leased by the Group, driven and unloaded by
employees of the Group, or by using third-party providers of transportation services.
In Asia, distribution varies from country to country: in Malaysia, Singapore and China, the distribution 
network is primarily through wholesalers with direct deliveries to the major retail chains, but in Hong Kong 
the distribution is direct with a smaller part going through third-party wholesalers.
In Eastern Europe, Carlsberg Breweries services the traditional off-trade through distributors and wholesalers, 
while having direct distribution to the major retail chains which represent a rapidly growing segment, 
particularly in Russia.
The sales system generally comprises selling efforts towards existing and new customers as well as order 
taking, distribution and payments. The sales system varies between regions. As an example, in Western 
Europe, the Group uses telephone sales calls to serve the on-trade business as well as the on-line ordering 
platform “Carl’s Shop”, while the off-trade business is principally served by sales representative visits. Daily 
customer sales development in the larger outlets is generally handled by the field sales force and the 
agreements and negotiations with major key accounts, including category and promotional activities, are 
generally handled by the Group’s key account managers. In China, e-commerce is a growing channel, albeit 
volumes through this channel are still small.
Licensing and Export
Licences issued by the Group grant authority to third-party licensees to manufacture, package, sell and market 
in a particularly assigned territory (usually a country). The license covers only a particular brand and that 
brand is agreed to be produced under strict rules and technical requirements provided and monitored by 
Group headquarters. The Group also accesses new markets through international distribution agreements.
The Group has licensing and export agreements in more than 100 countries. The main brands in the Group 
that are exported or licensed out to third parties are Carlsberg, Tuborg, Kronenbourg 1664, 1664 Blanc, 
Somersby and Grimbergen. In total, the Export and License business accounted for approximately 9 per cent. 
of the Group’s total volumes in 2020. The Export and License business is important to building the global 
presence and awareness of the Group’s brands. In connection with the acquisition of activities from S&N 
exclusive, long-term licensing agreements were entered into with Heineken regarding the acquired brands 
Kronenbourg and Grimbergen for the markets in the UK and Belgium, respectively.
Funding the Journey
Improving efficiency and adjusting and optimising the cost and capital base in all markets is a continuous 
journey encompassing the entire value chain. In past years, a number of efficiency, optimisation and
standardisation programmes have been carried out covering systematic streamlining of processes and 
procedures across the whole value chain in areas such as production, procurement, administration, logistics, 
sales and marketing. 
In November 2015, the Carlsberg Group announced its Funding the Journey programme with the purpose of 
improving profit and cash flow. Funding the Journey unified under one overall programme all profit 
improvement initiatives to ensure fast and impactful delivery. In addition, the Group took steps to right-size 
parts of the business with the objective to provide the right match with current market reality. The right-sizing 
initiative reflected both an updated assessment of the anticipated future earnings projections of individual 
businesses and brands and an assessment of the supply base relative to expected volumes.

--- Page 90 ---
84
Funding the Journey as a specific programme came to an end in 2018, delivering total benefits of around 
DKK 3 billion. More than DKK 1 billion has been reinvested in the business in support of the Group’s 
strategic priorities.
From 2019, the Group has continued the mindset of Funding the Journey through the implementation of 
“Funding the Journey Culture”. This is embedded across four key themes: value management, supply chain 
efficiency, operating cost efficiency and commercial spend efficiency. In 2020, the Funding the Journey
culture played a key role, enabling the Group to take continuously mitigating actions to offset the negative 
revenue impact of the COVID-19 pandemic.
Carlsberg’s Global Operations
The Group’s operations consist of brewery activities in three geographical regions: Western Europe, Asia and 
Eastern Europe. The beer markets in these regions vary, in particular in relation to growth rates, consumption 
per capita and the types of beers consumed. Consequently, the regions’ contributions to the Group’s growth, 
earnings and development differ significantly.
The following table shows the breakdown by Volumes of beer, net revenue and operating profit between the 
Group’s three geographic regions for the year ended 31 December 2020.
Year ended 31 December 2020
Beer Volume
Net
revenue
Operating
Profit
(Million hl)
(DKK million)
Western Europe
44.6
31,547
4,993
Asia
34.8
16,959
3,991
Eastern Europe
30.7
10,010
1,917
Western Europe
Overview
Carlsberg is a large brewer in Western Europe. The region mainly comprises mature markets and is generally 
characterised by well-established retail structures and a strong tradition of beer consumption in most markets. 
While market volumes historically have been declining, the region is now seeing improving beer category 
dynamics as a result of innovations, increased interest in craft & speciality beers and alcohol-free brews.
Denmark
Carlsberg Denmark is wholly owned by the Group and is the largest brewer in Denmark. The Group’s largest
brands in Denmark are Tuborg and Carlsberg. Carlsberg Denmark also bottles, distributes and sells the Coca-
Cola Company brands in Denmark. Carlsberg Denmark distributes most of its products directly to on-trade 
and off-trade customers.
Norway
Ringnes in Norway is wholly owned by the Group and is the largest brewer in Norway. The Group’s largest 
brands in Norway are Tuborg and Ringnes. Ringnes also bottles, distributes and sells PepsiCo products in 
Norway. Ringnes distributes most of its products directly to on-trade and off-trade customers.

--- Page 91 ---
85
Sweden
Carlsberg Sverige is wholly owned by the Group. The Group holds a very strong market position in Sweden 
and its largest brands are Carlsberg, Falcon and Pripps. Carlsberg Sverige also bottles, distributes and sells 
PepsiCo brands in Sweden and is the owner of Ramlosa mineral water, which is sold internationally. 
Distribution is outsourced.
Finland
Sinebrychoff in Finland is wholly owned by the Group and is the largest brewer in Finland. The Group’s
largest brands in Finland are Karhu and Koff. Sinebrychoff also bottles, distributes and sells the Coca-Cola 
Company brands in Finland, as well as a range of other non-beer brands including cider and the Battery 
energy drink. Sinebrychoff distributes most of its products directly to on-trade and off-trade customers.
The Baltic Countries
Through its subsidiaries in Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania, the Group has a number one or two position in the 
Baltic markets. Saku is the largest brand in the Group’s Estonian portfolio. Aldaris and Apinitis are the 
Group’s best-selling beer brands in Latvia, while the Group’s main brands in Lithuania are Svyturys and 
Utenos brands.
United Kingdom
In November 2020, Carlsberg Marston’s Brewing Company (CMBC) was formed as a result of a joint venture
between the Carlsberg Group (60 per cent. ownership) and Marston’s PLC (40 per cent. ownership). It is the 
fourth largest brewer in the UK. Its brand portfolio includes Carlsberg, San Miguel, Estrella Damm, 
Marston’s Pedigree, Tetley’s and Hobgoblin. CMBC operates its own inhouse logistics network in addition to
use of a third-party logistics operator to distribute its products.
France
Kronenbourg is wholly owned by the Group and is the second-largest brewer in France. The largest 
mainstream brand is Kronenbourg but the portfolio also includes the premium brands Kronenbourg 1664, 
1664 Blanc, Grimbergen, Carlsberg and Tourtel. Distribution is primarily through wholesalers / distributors.
Northern Germany
Carlsberg Deutschland is wholly owned by the Group, with sales mainly in northern Germany. The Group’s 
brand portfolio in northern Germany includes Holsten, Lübzer, Astra and Carlsberg. Distribution is through 
wholesalers / distributors. 
Switzerland
Feldschlösschen is wholly owned by the Group and is the largest brewer in Switzerland. The Group’s largest 
brands in Switzerland are Feldschlösschen and Cardinal, two of the leading brands in the Swiss beer market. 
Feldschlösschen distributes most of its products via direct distribution.
Italy
Carlsberg Italia is wholly owned by the Group and holds a number four position in Italy. The Group’s 
portfolio of brands in Italy includes Poretti and Tuborg. Carlsberg Italia distributes its on-trade products 
through its own Carlsberg Horeca set-up in which part of the volume goes through independent wholesalers.
Poland
Carlsberg Polska is the third largest brewer in Poland. The Group’s largest national brands in Poland are 
Harnas, Kasztelan and Okocim. Further, the Carlsberg brand has a strong position in the international beer

--- Page 92 ---
86
segment and Somersby holds a strong market position in the cider category. Carlsberg Polska distributes most 
of its products through wholesalers.
South East Europe
The Group wholly owns breweries in Greece, Bulgaria, Croatia and Serbia.
Olympic Brewery is the second largest brewer in Greece, producing and selling the local Fix and Mythos 
brands and the Carlsberg brand. In 2018, the Group acquired the remaining 49 per cent. of the shares in
Olympic Brewery.
Carlsberg Serbia is the third largest brewer in Serbia, producing and selling the local LAV brand and the
Carlsberg and Tuborg brands.
Carlsberg Croatia is the third largest brewer in Croatia, producing and selling the local PAN brand and the 
Carlsberg and Tuborg brands.
Carlsberg Bulgaria is the largest brewer in Bulgaria, producing and selling the local Pirinsko and Shumensko 
and brands and the Carlsberg and Tuborg brands.
In South East Europe, the Group’s products are distributed through a combination of direct store delivery and 
distributors / wholesalers.
Portugal
The Group’s owns 60 per cent of Super Bock Group. As part of the ownership is through 28.5 per cent. stake 
in Viacer, the holding company owning 56 per cent. of Super Bock Group, Super Bock Group is an associate.
Super Bock Group’s leading brand is Super Bock. Super Bock Group distributes through third-party 
wholesalers and through its own distribution network. 
Asia
Overview
The importance of Asia for the Group has increased significantly during the past decade and the region 
accounts for 31 per cent. of total Group volumes. Over the years, the Group has expanded its presence in the 
region, both organically and through acquisitions, leading to a very attractive regional footprint.
The Asian markets are very diverse but offer considerable prospects for growth, underpinned by young
populations, urbanisation, rising disposable income levels and growing economies. However, as many Asian 
markets are emerging markets, development can be subject to volatility.
Both the on-trade and off-trade channels are characterised by a strong traditional outlet segment but with the 
modern outlet segment growing in most markets. 
China 
China is the largest beer market in the world. The Group is the leading brewer in western China and the fifth 
largest brewer in the country as a whole. 
In December 2020, the material asset restructuring of the Group’s Chinese assets was concluded, following 
which the majority of the Group’s Chinese assets and those of Chongqing Brewery Company (“CBC”) are 
owned by Chongqing Jianiang Brewery Co. (“Jianiang”). Jianiang is owned 49 per cent. directly by the 
Carlsberg Group and 51 per cent. by CBC, the latter being listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange. Carlsberg 
is the controlling shareholder in CBC, owning 60 per cent. of the shares. Consequently, Carlsberg’s total 
economic interest in Jianiang following completion of the restructuring is 79 per cent.

--- Page 93 ---
87
In 2017, the Group began an expansion outside its core western provinces by entering big cities using an
asset-light model. This model implies that the sourcing of products will happen from the existing brewery 
network and does therefore not require additional brewing capacity.
The Group’s brands in China include local brands, such as Wusu, Chongqing, Dali and Xixia, and the 
international premium brands Tuborg, Carlsberg, 1664 and 1664 Blanc. A key driver of recent years’ revenue 
growth has been the growth of these international brands and selected local premium brands, in particular 
Wusu. 
In April 2012, the Tuborg brand was launched on the Chinese market. The brand has been successful, 
becoming the second largest international brand in China. Since 2017, China has been the largest single 
market for the Tuborg brand and in 2020, Tuborg volumes in China surpassed 5m.hl.
The Group’s products are distributed primarily through wholesalers supported by a strong presence of the 
Group’s own sales offices. 
India 
In India, the Group took the first steps in 2006 in establishing a platform in the country by entering into a joint 
venture, of which the Group has an ownership stake of 67 per cent. 
Management believes that the Indian beer market has attractive long term growth potential as India is
currently experiencing strong economic growth, urbanisation and improved consumption patterns as well as 
India currently has one of the lowest beer consumption per capita in Asia.
Commercial operations began in the second quarter of 2007 at the Himachal Pradesh brewery. Since then, 
seven more breweries have been added in the central and northern part of the country. The Group is the third 
largest brewer in India, though with strong positions with a market share of 25 per cent. or more in seven 
states. The Group markets the Tuborg and Carlsberg brands in India. The Tuborg brand has been very 
successful in India, and in 2015, it became the largest international brand in the country and the second largest 
beer brand overall.
Malaysia, Singapore and Hong Kong
The Group has been active in the Malaysian beer market for more than 100 years and since 1972 has held an 
investment in Carlsberg Brewery Malaysia Berhad (“Carlsberg Malaysia”). The Group owns 51 per cent. of 
Carlsberg Malaysia, which is listed on the Kuala Lumpur Stock Exchange. Carlsberg Malaysia is the second 
largest brewer in Malaysia. Its main brand in Malaysia is Carlsberg which is the second largest beer brand in 
the country. In Malaysia, the Group’s products are distributed primarily through third-party wholesalers with 
direct deliveries to the major retail chains. 
Carlsberg has been imported into Singapore since the beginning of the twentieth century. Carlsberg 
Singapore, wholly-owned by Carlsberg Malaysia, is a sales and marketing company. Most of the beer sold by
Carlsberg Singapore is now being brewed by its parent company, Carlsberg Malaysia. Carlsberg Singapore is 
the second largest beer company in Singapore.
The Carlsberg brand has been sold in Hong Kong since 1923 through the Group’s wholly-owned subsidiary, 
Carlsberg Hong Kong Ltd.
Laos and Cambodia
The Group has the leading market position in Laos and is the third-largest brewer in Cambodia. 
In Laos, the Group owns 61 per cent. of the shareholding in Lao Brewery Co. Ltd. Lao Brewery markets the 
very strong Beerlao brand as well as the Carlsberg and Tuborg brands and holds the leading market share in 
the country.

--- Page 94 ---
88
In Cambodia, the Group has 100 per cent. ownership of Cambrew Ltd. As important part of the business in 
Cambodia is the non-beer products, with Cambrew being Pepsi bottler in the country. In addition, Cambrew
markets the local brand Angkor in addition to the Carlsberg brand. It is the fourth largest brewer in the 
country. 
Nepal and Myanmar
The Group has the leading market position in Nepal, where the Group has a 60 per cent. stake in Gorkha 
Brewery Pvt. Ltd. Gorkha Brewery markets the local Gorkha beer brand as well as the Tuborg and Carlsberg 
brands and holds a leading market position in the country.
In Myanmar, the Carlsberg Group has a partnership agreement with Myanmar Golden Star (MGS) Breweries, 
a local privately-owned leading beverage company. The Group owns 51 per cent. of the shareholding in 
Myanmar Carlsberg which opened its first greenfield brewery in May 2015. Myanmar Carlsberg has launched
a local brand, Yoma, and markets the Tuborg and Carlsberg brands.
Vietnam
The Group has 100 per cent. ownership of Carlsberg Vietnam Breweries Ltd. in Vietnam. Huda is the leading 
beer brand in central Vietnam while Halida mainly competes in the northern part of the country.
In March 2007, the Vietnamese Ministry of Industry approved the state-owned brewery Hanoi Beer Alcohol 
and Beverage Joint Stock Corporation’s (“Habeco”) choice of Carlsberg as strategic partner in connection 
with the initial privatisation of Habeco and in 2008, the Group acquired a 17 per cent. shareholding in 
Habeco. In 2009, Carlsberg signed a Memorandum of Understanding with the aim of increasing its ownership 
in Habeco.
The Group also sells the Carlsberg and Tuborg brands in Vietnam. 
The Group’s products are distributed primarily through wholesalers.
Eastern Europe
Overview
The Eastern Europe region covers Russia, Ukraine, Kazakhstan, Belarus and Azerbaijan. It was the smallest 
geographic region in the Group.
Carlsberg holds a number 1 and 2 market position by volume in all markets in the region. 
Russia
Russia is the fifth largest beer market in the world by volume.
The Russian beer market has been under significant pressure in the past decade due to a challenged 
macroeconomy and changed regulation. In 2018, the market saw growth of an estimated 3 per cent., due to 
warm weather and the football world cup, and in 2019 and 2020, the market grew by a low-single-digit
percentage. 
The competitive landscape is dominated by international players, although small local players have increased 
their combined market share during the past decade and account for around 30 per cent. of the market. In 
2020, the Group held a number 2 market position by volume. 
The Group’s beer brand portfolio in Russia includes national, regional and international brands, such as 
Baltika, Zatecky Gus, Arsenalnoye, Carlsberg, Tuborg, 1664 Blanc and Grimbergen.

--- Page 95 ---
89
The Group distributes its beer products through a combination of third-party wholesalers or distributors and 
direct distribution. 
Ukraine
The Ukrainian beer market has in past years been under pressure due to the highly challenging and uncertain 
macroeconomic climate as well as significant price increases to cover inflation and large excise tax increases 
although in 2017 and 2018, the market grew slightly. In 2020, the Group held a number 2 market position by 
volume. 
The Group’s brand portfolio includes the local power brands Lvivske and Slavutich, the international brands 
Tuborg, Carlsberg, 1664 Blanc and Grimbergen. Somersby holds a strong market position in the cider 
category.
The Group’s beer products are primarily distributed through third-party wholesalers and secondly via direct 
distribution.
Kazakhstan, Belarus and Azerbaijan
In Kazakhstan, the Carlsberg Kazakhstan brewery produces and sell the local power brands Irbis and Derbes.
In Belarus, Brewery Alivaria produces and sell the local brand Alivaria in addition to the Baltika and Zatecky 
Gus brands and the Tuborg brand.
In Azerbaijan, the Carlsberg Azerbaijan Brewery produces and sells the local power brands Afsana and 
Xirdalan. 
The Group’s beer products are primarily distributed through third-party wholesalers and secondly via direct
distribution.
Competition
The competitive landscape varies from market to market. In some markets, such as the Nordic markets and 
western China, Carlsberg competes mainly with local players and local beer brands. In most markets, though, 
the Group competes mainly with large leading international brewers and their local and international brands.
Regulatory Environment
The Group’s business is subject to a comprehensive regulatory framework applicable to the brewing industry 
including local, regional, EU and international standards, rules and regulations covering such areas as 
environmental protection, competition, and health and safety at work. Several of Carlsberg’s markets feature 
restrictions on advertising and other communication to consumers or regulation of behaviour in places where 
products are used. There can also be restrictions on sales, for example based on consumers’ age. Changes in 
these rules can, in isolation, entail a risk of a decrease in sales in these markets. See “Risk Factors – Risks 
Related to the Group’s Industry – Changes in existing regulations, increased regulation or failure to comply
with existing licensing, trade and other regulations could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s 
business, results of operations, cash flows or financial condition.”
The Group works both independently and together with other breweries to limit the negative consequences of 
inappropriate use of alcoholic products, and actively promotes responsible sales and consumption.

--- Page 96 ---
90
Insurance
The Group is able to obtain insurance coverage for its operations at levels that Management considers to be 
prudent. Management believes that the Group’s insurance coverage is adequate and is in accordance with the
Group’s insurance policy. The Group’s captive insurance programme, Carlsberg Insurance A/S, insures a part 
of the Group’s all-risk insurance programme.
Litigation
The Group operates in very competitive markets where consolidation is taking place within the industry and 
among our customers and suppliers, all of which in different ways influences Carlsberg’s business. In the 
ordinary course of business, the Group is party to certain lawsuits, disputes etc. of various scopes, some of 
which are referred to below. The resolution of these lawsuits, disputes etc. is associated with uncertainty, as 
they depend on legal proceedings, such as negotiations between the parties affected, governmental actions and
court rulings. In 2014, the Federal Cartel Office in Germany issued a decision and imposed a fine of EUR 62 
million for alleged infringement of the competition rules in 2007. In April 2019, Carlsberg was acquitted from 
the fine. Upon appeal by the authorities, in July 2020, the Federal Supreme Court set aside the acquittal and 
referred the case back to the competent court for new proceeding that will start in May 2021. In July 2019 the 
Portuguese Competition Authority issued a decision and imposed a fine of EUR 24 million for alleged 
infringement of the competition rules by the Group’s associate in Portugal. The associate in Portugal is 
appealing the decision from the Authority. A dawn raid was conducted in the Group’s subsidiary in India in 
2018 with investigations still ongoing. As at 15 April 2021, no final decision had been made by the Indian 
Competition Authority. Further, there is an ongoing investigation by the French Competition Authority. As at 
15 April 2021, no final decision had been made by the French Competition Authority. However, there is still a 
significant risk related to these cases due to the inherent uncertainty. Management and the general counsel 
continuously assess these risks and their likely outcome. It is the opinion of management and the general 
counsel that the outcome of these lawsuits, disputes etc. cannot be reliably estimated in terms of amount or 
timing. The Group does not expect the ongoing lawsuits and disputes to have a material impact on the 
Group’s financial position.
Supervisory Board
The Supervisory Board of the Issuer consists of seven members. The following table sets out the names of the 
directors, their functions and their other principal activities outside of the Issuer.
Name
Function
Other Principal Activities
Flemming Besenbacher
Chairman
Professor, 
D.Sc, h.c. 
mult. 
FRSC.
Chairman of the Board of Directors of 
the Carlsberg Foundation. Chairman of 
the Supervisory Board of Carlsberg A/S. 
Chairman or member of the Boards of 
Directors of Carlsberg Group companies. 
Professor Honoris Causa at a number of 
international universities. First elected 
2019.
Henrik Poulsen
Deputy Chairman
Senior Advisor to A.P. Møller Holding 
since February 2021. From 2012 to 2020,

--- Page 97 ---
91
he served as CEO and President of 
Ørsted A/S. Prior to that, Mr Poulsen was 
CEO and President of TDC Group, 
Operating 
Executive 
of 
Capstone, 
Kohlberg Kravis Roberts & Co. and held 
different executive roles with LEGO. 
Before joining LEGO, he worked at 
McKinsey & Co. in Copenhagen and 
New York.
He is Deputy Chair of the Board of 
Directors of ISS A/S and member of the 
Boards of Directors of Ørsted and Novo 
Nordisk. He is a member of the 
Supervisory Board of Bertelsmann SE & 
Co. He is also Chair of the Board of 
Directors of Faerch Group, member of 
the Board of Directors of Novo Holding 
and Deputy Chair of the Supervisory 
Board of Carlsberg A/S. First elected 
2021
Cees ’t Hart
CEO
Prior to joining Carlsberg in 2015, Cees 
was CEO of the Dutch dairy company
Royal FrieslandCampina, a position he 
had 
held
since 
2008. 
Prior 
to 
FrieslandCampina, Cees spent 25 years 
with
Unilever, holding management 
positions across Eastern Europe, Western 
Europe and Asia. Chairman of the Board
of Directors of KLM and member of the 
Board of Directors of AFKLM. First 
elected 2015.
Heine Dalsgaard
CFO
Heine joined Carlsberg from ISS in 
2016, one of the world’s largest facility 
services companies. He went to ISS in 
2013, prior to the company’s IPO in 
2014. Before ISS, he was Group CFO at 
Grundfos, 
a
leading 
global
pump 
manufacturer and before that, he held 
various senior management and financial 
positions 
at 
companies 
such 
as 
Carpetland, Hewlett Packard and Arthur 
Andersen. Member of the Board of
Directors of Novozymes. First elected 
2016.
Eva Vilstrup Decker
Employee representative
Carlsberg Breweries A/S. Elected 2018.

--- Page 98 ---
92
Thomas Paludan-Müller
Employee representative
Carlsberg Breweries A/S. Elected as 
alternate 2018, joined the Board 2020.
The Supervisory Board appoints the Executive Board. The Executive Board of the Issuer currently comprises 
Cees ’t Hart and Heine Dalsgaard. The Executive Board meets on a regular basis with the Supervisory Board 
in order to discuss overall strategy for the business.
The business address for each member of the Supervisory Board and Executive Board is J.C. Jacobsens Gade 
1, 1799 Copenhagen V, Denmark.
The Issuer is not aware of any potential conflicts of interest between the duties to the Issuer of the persons 
listed above and their private interests or other duties.

--- Page 99 ---
93
TAXATION
Persons considering the purchase, ownership or disposition of the notes should consult their own tax advisers 
concerning the tax consequences in the light of their own particular situations. No representations with respect 
to the tax consequences of any particular Noteholder are made hereby.
Kingdom of Denmark
The following is a summary description of the taxation in Denmark of the Notes according to the Danish tax 
laws in force at the date hereof and is subject to any changes in law and the interpretation and application 
thereof, which changes could be made with retroactive effect. The following summary does not purport to be a 
comprehensive description of all the tax considerations that may be relevant to a decision to acquire, hold or 
dispose of the Notes, and does not purport to deal with the tax consequences applicable to all categories of 
investors, some of which may be subject to special rules. Potential investors are under all circumstances 
strongly recommended to contact their own tax advisor to clarify the individual consequences of their 
investment in, holding of and disposal of the Notes. The Issuer makes no representations regarding the tax 
consequences of purchase, holding or disposal of the Notes.
In the below it is assumed that the Notes actually issued qualify as ordinary debt instruments for Danish tax 
purposes.
Danish Withholding Tax
Under existing Danish tax laws and subject to the general anti-abuse rule described below, no general
withholding tax or coupon tax will apply to payments of interest or principal or other amounts due on the 
Notes, other than in certain cases on payments in respect of controlled debt in relation to the Issuer. Subject to
the general anti-abuse rule described below, this will not have any impact on holders of Notes who are not 
“affiliated” with the Issuer pursuant to chapter 4 of the Danish Tax Control Act (Consolidated Act no. 1535 of 
19 December 2017, as amended) (i.e., the definition of when parties are "affiliated" is broad and includes e.g.
situations where they control or are controlled by the Issuer or are controlled by the same group of 
shareholders as the Issuer). This withholding tax also applies to certain capital gains on the Notes to the extent 
a holder of the Notes is "affiliated" with the Issuer as set out above.
Taxation of Residents in Denmark
Under existing Danish tax laws, private individuals, including persons who are engaged in financial trade, and
companies, funds and similar entities, who are domiciled in Denmark for tax purposes, are (save for certain 
exceptions) liable to pay tax on capital gains on the Notes and on payments of interest under the Notes.
Taxation of Non-residents
Subject to the general anti-abuse rule described below, under the Danish tax laws in effect as of the date of 
this Base Prospectus, payments of interest or principal amounts to any non-resident holders of Notes are not
subject to taxation in Denmark, no withholding tax will be payable with respect to such payments and any 
capital gain realised upon the sale, exchange or retirement of a Note will not be subject to taxation in 
Denmark, other than in certain cases on payments in respect of controlled debt in relation to the Issuer as 
referred to under “Danish Withholding Tax” above.
This tax treatment applies solely to holders of Notes who are not subject to full tax liability in Denmark or 
included in a Danish (international or national) joint taxation scheme and do not carry out business in 
Denmark through a permanent establishment.

--- Page 100 ---
94
General Anti-abuse Rule
Pursuant to section 3 of the Danish Tax Assessments Act (Consolidated Act no. 806 of 8 August 2019, as
amended), an arrangement or series of arrangements (i) not entered into for commercial reasons reflecting the 
underlying economic reality and (ii) which are implemented for the primary purpose of obtaining, or one of 
the primary purposes of which is to obtain, a tax benefit which is against the purpose and intent of the tax
laws should be ignored for purposes of calculating the Danish tax liability. The general anti-abuse rule in 
Section 3 of the Danish Tax Assessments Act was enacted into Danish tax law in 2019, however, it remains
unclear how the rule could be applied. If a holder of Notes, whether resident in Denmark or not, is considered 
to have taken part in an arrangement that is covered by Section 3 of the Danish Tax Assessments Act this 
could result in Danish tax implications for such holder under the Notes, including the application of 
withholding tax to payments made to such holder under the Notes.
Luxembourg
The following is a general description of certain tax laws relating to the Notes as in effect and as applied by 
the relevant tax authorities as at the date hereof and does not purport to be a comprehensive discussion of the 
tax treatment of the Notes.
Prospective investors should consult their own professional advisers on the implications of making an
investment in, holding or disposing of Notes and the receipt of interest with respect to such Notes under the
laws of the countries in which they may be liable to taxation.
Withholding tax
Under Luxembourg tax law currently in effect subject to certain exceptions (as described below), there is no 
Luxembourg withholding tax on payments of interest (including accrued but unpaid interest).
In accordance with the law of 25 November 2014 (as amended), Luxembourg elected out of the withholding 
tax system in favour of an automatic exchange of information under the Council Directive 2015/2060 on the
taxation of savings income as from 1 January 2015. Payments of interest by Luxembourg paying agents to 
non resident individual Noteholders or certain so-called residual entities are thus no longer subject to any 
Luxembourg withholding tax.
In accordance with the law of 23 December 2005 (as amended), interest payments made by Luxembourg 
paying agents to Luxembourg individual residents are subject to a 20 per cent. withholding tax. Responsibility
for withholding such tax will be assumed by the Luxembourg paying agent.
FATCA Withholding
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (as amended), commonly known as
FATCA, a “foreign financial institution” may be required to withhold on certain payments it makes (“foreign 
passthru payments”) to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting, or related requirements. The 
Issuer is not a foreign financial institution for these purposes. A number of jurisdictions (including Denmark) 
have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, intergovernmental agreements with the United States to 
implement FATCA (“IGAs”), which modify the way in which FATCA applies in their jurisdictions. Under the 
provisions of IGAs as currently in effect, a foreign financial institution in an IGA jurisdiction would generally 
not be required to withhold under FATCA or an IGA from payments that it makes. Certain aspects of the 
application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to instruments such as the Notes, including whether 
withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments
such as the Notes, are uncertain and may be subject to change. Even if withholding would be required 
pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as the Notes, such withholding

--- Page 101 ---
95
would not apply prior to the date that is two years after the date on which final regulations defining foreign 
passthru payments are published in the U.S. Federal Register, and Notes characterised as debt (or which are 
not otherwise characterised as equity and have a fixed term) for U.S. federal tax purposes that are issued on or
prior to the date that is six months after the date on which final regulations defining “foreign passthru
payments” are filed with the U.S. Federal Register generally would be “grandfathered” for purposes of 
FATCA withholding unless materially modified after such date (including by reason of a substitution of the 
issuer). Holders should consult their own tax advisors regarding how these rules may apply to their
investment in the Notes.

--- Page 102 ---
96
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE
Overview of Dealer Agreement
Offerings of Notes will be made subject to the terms and on the conditions contained in a dealer agreement 
dated 15 April 2021 (the “Dealer Agreement”) between the Issuer, the Permanent Dealers and the Arranger. 
However, the Issuer has reserved the right to sell Notes directly on its own behalf to Dealers that are not 
Permanent Dealers. The Notes may be resold at prevailing market prices, or at prices related thereto, at the 
time of such resale, as determined by the relevant Dealer. The Dealer Agreement also provides for Notes to be 
issued in syndicated Tranches that are jointly and severally underwritten by two or more Dealers.
The Issuer will pay each relevant Dealer a commission as agreed between them in respect of Notes subscribed 
by it. The Issuer has agreed to reimburse the Arranger for its expenses incurred in connection with the update 
of the Programme and the Dealers for certain of their activities in connection with the Programme. The Issuer 
has agreed to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities in connection with the offer and sale of the 
Notes. The Dealer Agreement entitles the Dealers to terminate any agreement that they make to subscribe 
Notes in certain circumstances prior to payment for such Notes being made to the Issuer.
Selling Restrictions
United States
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act, and may not be offered or sold 
within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain transactions 
exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the 
meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act (“Regulation S”).
Notes in bearer form having a maturity of more than one year are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and 
may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, 
except in certain transactions permitted by U.S. Treasury Regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the 
meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (as amended) and the U.S. Treasury 
Regulations promulgated thereunder.
The applicable Final Terms will identify whether TEFRA C rules or TEFRA D rules U.S. Treasury regulation 
§1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) (or any successor rules in substantially the same form as such rules for purposes of 
Section 4701 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended) (“TEFRA C”) or United States 
Treasury Regulation §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (or any successor rules in substantially the same form as such rules 
for purposes of Section 4701 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended) (“TEFRA D”) apply or 
whether TEFRA is not applicable.
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree that, except as permitted by the Dealer Agreement, it has not offered, sold or 
delivered and will not offer, sell or deliver the Notes of any identifiable Tranche (i) as part of their distribution 
at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after completion of the distribution of such Tranche as determined, 
and certified to the Issuer, by the Fiscal Agent, or in the case of Notes issued on a syndicated basis, the Lead 
Manager, within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons, and it will have sent to 
each dealer to which it sells Notes during the distribution compliance period a confirmation or other notice 
setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes within the United States or to, or for the account 
or benefit of, U.S. persons. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S.

--- Page 103 ---
97
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of the Notes, an offer or sale of Notes 
within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the 
registration requirements of the Securities Act.
United Kingdom
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that:
(i)
in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one year, (a) it is a person whose 
ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as 
principal or agent) for the purposes of its business and (b) it has not offered or sold and will not 
offer or sell any Notes other than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, 
holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their
businesses or who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments
(as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses where the issue of the Notes would 
otherwise constitute a contravention of section 19 of the FSMA by the Issuer;
(ii)
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to 
be communicated any invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the 
meaning of section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any 
Notes in circumstances in which section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and
(iii)
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to 
anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the UK.
Kingdom of Denmark
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered or sold and will not offer, sell or deliver any Notes 
directly or indirectly in the Kingdom of Denmark by way of a public offering, unless in compliance with the 
Danish Capital Markets Act (Consolidated Act No. 1767 of 27 November 2020, as amended), and Executive 
Orders issued thereunder.
Japan
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of 
Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended, the “Financial Instruments and Exchange Act”). Accordingly, each 
Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree, that it has not, directly or indirectly, offered or sold and will not, directly or indirectly, 
offer or sell any Notes in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan (which term as used herein 
means any person resident in Japan, including any corporation or other entity organised under the laws of
Japan) or to others for re-offering or re-sale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any 
resident of Japan except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in 
compliance with, the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act and other relevant laws, regulations and
ministerial guidelines of Japan.
People’s Republic of China
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that the Notes are not being offered or sold and may not be 
offered or sold, directly or indirectly, in the People’s Republic of China (for such purposes, not including the 
Hong Kong and Macau Special Administrative Regions or Taiwan), except as permitted by the applicable
laws of the People’s Republic of China.

--- Page 104 ---
98
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Investors
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell 
or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Prospectus 
as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the EEA. For the purposes of this 
provision, the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following:
(i)
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or
(ii)
a customer within the meaning of the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II.
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell 
or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Prospectus 
as completed by the relevant Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the UK. For the purposes 
of this provision, the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following:
(i)
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or
(ii)
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made 
under the FSMA to implement the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of UK MiFIR.
General
These selling restrictions may be modified by the agreement of the Issuer and the Dealers following a change
in a relevant law, regulation or directive. Any such modification will be set out in a supplement to this Base 
Prospectus, as well as in the relevant subscription agreement in the case of a syndicated issue of Notes,
dealer’s confirmation to the Issuer in the case of a non-syndicated issue of Notes, or supplemental dealer 
agreement, as the case may be.
Neither the Issuer nor any Dealer has made any representation that any action has been taken in any 
jurisdiction that would permit a public offering of any of the Notes, or possession or distribution of the Base 
Prospectus or any other offering material, in any country or jurisdiction where action for that purpose is 
required.
Each Dealer has agreed that it shall, to the best of its knowledge, comply with all relevant laws, regulations 
and directives in each jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or has in its possession 
or distributes the Base Prospectus, any other offering material, in all cases at its own expense.

--- Page 105 ---
99
FORM OF FINAL TERMS
Final Terms dated [●]
Carlsberg Breweries A/S
Legal entity identifier (LEI): 5493008YL42784DMWN61
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] under the €5,000,000,000 Euro Medium 
Term Note Programme
[MiFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / Professional investors and eligible counterparties only target 
market – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the 
Notes is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU 
(as amended, “MiFID II”); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties 
and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending 
the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target 
market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.]
[UK MiFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / Professional investors and eligible counterparties only
target market – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the 
target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for
the Notes is eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook 
(“COBS”), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “EUWA”) (“UK MiFIR”);
and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are 
appropriate. Any [person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
“distributor”)][distributor] should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product 
Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking 
its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.]
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available 
to any retail investor in the EEA. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) [MiFID II]/[of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU 
(as amended, “MiFID II”)]; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the 
“Insurance Distribution Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as 
defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently, no key information document required 
by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the
Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and 
therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the 
EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPS Regulation.
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the UK. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: 
(i) a retail client as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of

--- Page 106 ---
100
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the 
Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the “FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the 
FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently, no key information document required by the PRIIPs 
Regulation as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been 
prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.
PART A - CONTRACTUAL TERMS
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in the 
Base Prospectus dated 15 April 2021 [and the Base Prospectus Supplement dated [●]] which [together] 
constitute[s] a base prospectus (the “Base Prospectus”) for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the 
"Prospectus Regulation"). This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the 
purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with such Base Prospectus [as so 
supplemented]. Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the 
combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus [as so supplemented]. The Base Prospectus [and 
the
Base 
Prospectus 
Supplement] 
[has] 
[have]
been 
published
on 
the 
Issuer’s 
website
[https://www.carlsberggroup.com/investor-relations/debt-investor/bond-programme/bond-programme/]1.]
(The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was 
issued under a Base Prospectus with an earlier date).
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the 
“Conditions”) contained in the Agency Agreement dated [original date] and set forth in the Base Prospectuses
dated [15 May 2020/8 May 2019/8 June 2017/19 May 2014/7 June 2012] [and the Base Prospectus 
Supplement dated [●]]. This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the 
purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated 15
April 2021 [and the Base Prospectus Supplement dated [●]], which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus 
for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation, save in respect of the Conditions which are extracted from the 
Base Prospectus dated [original date] [and the Base Prospectus Supplement dated [●]] and are attached 
hereto. Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the 
combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectuses dated [original date] and 15 April 2021 [and the 
Base Prospectus Supplements dated [●] and [●]]. The Base Prospectuses [and the Base Prospectus 
Supplements] [has] [have] been published on the Issuer’s website [https://www.carlsberggroup.com/investor-
relations/debt-investor/bond-programme/bond-programme/]2.]
(Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable”. Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs or sub paragraphs. 
Italics denote guidance for completing the Final Terms).
(When completing final terms or adding any other final terms or information consideration should be given as 
to whether such terms or information constitute “significant new factors” and consequently trigger the need 
for a supplement to the Base Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation).
                                                       
1
This website is not incorporated by reference and does not form part of this Base Prospectus.
2
This website is not incorporated by reference and does not form part of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 107 ---
101
1
(i)
Series Number:
[●]
(ii)
Tranche Number:
[●]
[(iii) 
Date on which the Notes will
be consolidated and form a 
single Series:
The Notes will be consolidated and form a single 
Series with [identify earlier Tranches] on [the Issue 
Date/exchange of the Temporary Global Note for 
interests in the Permanent Global Note, as referred to
in paragraph 23 below, which is expected to occur on
or about [date]]
[Not Applicable]]
2
Specified Currency or Currencies:
[●]3
3
Aggregate Nominal Amount of Notes:
[●]
(i)
Series:
[●]
(ii)
Tranche
[●]
4
Issue Price:
[●] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus 
accrued interest from [insert date] (if applicable)]
5
(i)
Specified Denominations4 5
[[●] and integral multiples of [●] in excess thereof 
[up to and including [●]]. [No notes in definitive 
form will be issued with a denomination above [●]]6
(ii)
Calculation Amount:
[●]
6
(i)
Issue Date:
[●]
(ii)
Interest Commencement Date:
[Specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable]
7
Maturity Date:
[Specify date or (for Floating Rate Notes/Fixed Rate 
RMB Notes) Interest Payment Date falling in or 
nearest to the relevant month and year]
8
(i)
Interest Basis:
[[●] per cent. Fixed Rate]
[[LIBOR/EURIBOR] +/- [●] per cent. Floating Rate]
[ISDA Determination]
[Zero Coupon]
                                                       
3
Use the abbreviation “CNY” for RMB Notes 
4
Notes (including notes denominated in sterling) in respect of which the issue proceeds are to be accepted by the issuer in the United
Kingdom or whose issue otherwise constitutes a contravention of Section 19 FSMA and which have a maturity of less than one year must 
have a minimum redemption value of £100,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies).
5
If the specified denomination is expressed to be €100,000 or its equivalent and multiples of a lower principal amount (for example €1,000), 
insert the additional wording as follows:
“€100,000 and integral multiples of [€1,000] in excess thereof up to and including [€199,000]. No notes in definitive form will be issued 
with a denomination above [€199,000].”
6
The minimum denomination of each Note admitted to trading on a regulated market within the EEA and/or offered to the public in an EEA 
State in circumstances which require the publication of a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation will be €100,000 (or, if the Notes are
denominated in a currency other than euro, the equivalent amount in such currency) or such other higher amount as may be allowed or 
required from time to time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or regulations applicable to the relevant Specified 
Currency

--- Page 108 ---
102
(further particulars specified below in paragraph 
[14]/[15]/[16])
(ii)
Step Up Event or Step Down
Event:
[(iii)       Step Up Margin:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
[●] per cent. per annum]
[Only applicable if item 8(ii) is applicable]
9
Redemption/Payment Basis:
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the 
Maturity Date at [●] per cent. of their nominal 
amount
10
Change of Interest or 
Redemption/Payment Basis:
[[●]/Not Applicable]
11
Put/Call Options:
[Investor Put]
[Issuer Call]
[Make Whole Call]
[Change of Control Put Option]
[Issuer Maturity Par Call]
[(further particulars specified below) in paragraph(s)
[17], [18], [19] [and] [20]]
[Not Applicable]
12
[Date [Board] approval for issuance of 
Notes obtained:
[●]
(N.B. Only relevant where Board (or similar) 
authorisation is required for the particular tranche of 
Notes)]
13
Method of distribution:
[Syndicated/Non-Syndicated]
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE
14
Fixed Rate Note Provisions
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)
(i)
Rate[(s)] of Interest:
[●] per cent. per annum [payable [annually/semi-
annually/quarterly/monthly] in arrear]
(ii)
Interest Payment Date(s):
[●] [and [●]] in each year commencing on [●], up to 
and including the Maturity Date
(iii)
[Interest Payment Date 
Adjustment:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]]
(N.B. Only applicable for RMB Notes)
(iv)
Additional Business Centre(s):
[●] [Not Applicable]
(N.B. Only applicable for RMB Notes)

--- Page 109 ---
103
(v)
Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]:
[●] per Calculation Amount7
(vi)
Broken Amount(s):
[[●] per Calculation Amount payable on the Interest
Payment Date falling [in/on] [●]]
[Not Applicable]
(vii)
Day Count Fraction:
[30/360]
[Actual/Actual]
[Actual/Actual (ICMA/ISDA)]
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] (N.B. Applicable to RMB Notes)
[Actual/360]
[30/360]/[360/360]/[Bond Basis]
[30E/360]/[Eurobond Basis]
[30E/360 (ISDA)]
(viii)
Determination Dates:
[[●] in each year (insert regular interest payment 
dates, ignoring issue date or maturity date in the case 
of a long or short first or last coupon. N.B. only 
relevant where Day Count Fraction is Actual/Actual 
(ICMA))]
[Not Applicable]
15
Floating Rate Note Provisions
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)
(i)
Interest Period(s):
[●]
(ii)
Specified Interest Payment Dates:
[●]
(iii)
First Interest Payment Date:
[●]
(iv)
Interest Period Date:
[[●]/Not Applicable]
(Not applicable unless different from Interest 
Payment Date)
(v)
Business Day Convention:
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified Following Business Day 
Convention/Preceding Business Day Convention]
(vi)
Business Centre(s):
[●]
(vii)
Manner in which the Rate(s) 
of Interest is/are to be determined:
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination]
(viii)
Party responsible for calculating 
the Rate(s) of Interest and/or 
Interest Amount(s) (if not the 
Agent):
[[●]/Not Applicable]
                                                       
7
For RMB denominated Fixed Rate Notes where the Interest Payment Dates are subject to modification the following alternative wording is 
appropriate: “Each Fixed Coupon Amount shall be calculated by multiplying the product of the Rate of Interest and the Calculation Amount 
by the Day Count Fraction and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest CNY0.01, CNY0.005, being rounded upwards.

--- Page 110 ---
104
(ix)
Screen Rate Determination:
Reference Rate:
[SONIA Compounded Index Rate / SONIA 
Compounded Daily Reference Rate [with 
Observation Shift] / [with Lag] where “p” is: [specify 
number] London Business Days [being no less than 
[5] London Business Days]] / [insert other applicable 
reference rates included in terms and conditions]
Interest Determination Date(s):
[The last London Business Day of the relevant 
Observation Period / [2 London Business Days] prior 
to the first day in each Interest Period]
Relevant Screen Page:
[[Bloomberg Screen Page : SONCINDX] / see pages 
of authorised distributors for SONIA Compounded 
Index Rate] or [Bloomberg Screen Page : SONIO/N 
Index] / SONIA Compounded Daily Reference Rate 
as applicable] [•]
Relevant Fallback Screen Page :
[[Bloomberg Screen Page : SONIO/N Index] / see 
pages of authorised distributors for SONIA 
Compounded Daily Reference Rate as applicable] 
[•]]
ISDA Determination:
[[●]/Not Applicable]
Floating Rate Option:
[●]
Designated Maturity:
[●]
Reset Date:
[●]
(x)
[Linear Interpolation
Not Applicable/Applicable – the Rate of Interest for 
the [long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be 
calculated using Linear Interpolation (specify for 
each short or long term interest period)]
(xi)
Margin(s):
[+/-][●] per cent. per annum
(xii)
Minimum Rate of Interest:
[[●] per cent. per annum/Not Applicable]
(xiii)
Maximum Rate of Interest:
[[●] per cent. per annum/Not Applicable]
(xiv)
Day Count Fraction:
[30/360]
[Actual/Actual]
[Actual/Actual (ICMA/ISDA)]
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] (N.B. Applicable to RMB Notes)
[Actual/360]
[30/360]/[360/360]/[Bond Basis]
[30E/360]/[Eurobond Basis]
[30E/360 (ISDA)]
16
Zero Coupon Note Provisions
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-

--- Page 111 ---
105
paragraphs of this paragraph)
(i)
Amortisation Yield:
[●] per cent. per annum
17
Call Option
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)
(i)
Optional Redemption Date(s):
[●]
(ii)
Optional Redemption Amount(s) 
of each Note and method, if any, 
of calculation of such amount(s):
[●]
[per Calculation Amount]
(iii)
If redeemable in part:
(a) Minimum Redemption 
Amount:
[[●] per Calculation Amount/Not Applicable]
(b) Maximum Redemption 
Amount:
[[●] per Calculation Amount/Not Applicable]
(iv)
Notice period:
[[●]/Not Applicable]
18
Make Whole Call Option
(i)
Notice period:
(ii)
Margin:
(iii)
Reference Dealers:
(iv)
Reference Stock:
(v)
Determination Time:
(vi)
Determination Date:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
[[●]/Not Applicable]
[[●]/Not Applicable]
[[●]/Not Applicable]
[[●]/Not Applicable]
[[●]/Not Applicable]
[[●]/Not Applicable]
19
Issuer Maturity Par Call
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(i)
Notice period:
[●]
20
Put Option
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)
(i)
Optional Redemption Date(s):
[●]
(ii)
Optional Redemption Amount(s) 
of each Note and method, if any, 
of calculation of such amount(s):
[●] per Calculation Amount
(iii)
Notice period:
[[●]/Not Applicable]
21
Change of Control Put Option
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)
(i)
Optional Redemption Date(s):
The date falling [●] days after the last day of the 
Change of Control Period.
(ii)
Change of Control Redemption [●] per Calculation Amount

--- Page 112 ---
106
Amount(s):
22
Final Redemption Amount of each Note
[●] per Calculation Amount
23
Early Redemption Amount
Early Redemption Amount(s) per
Calculation Amount payable on redemption 
for taxation reasons or on event of default 
or other early redemption:
[●] per Calculation Amount
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES
24
Form of Notes:
[Bearer Notes]:
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent Global Note which is exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes in the limited circumstances 
specified in the Permanent Global Note]
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes on or after the Exchange Date]8
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes in the limited circumstances specified in the 
Permanent Global Note]
[Registered Notes:
Registered Note registered in the name of a nominee 
for [a common depositary for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg/a common safekeeper for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (that is, held 
under the NSS)]]
25
New Global Note:
[Yes]/[No]
26
Financial Centre(s):
[Not Applicable/give details. Note that this 
paragraph relates to the date of payment, and not the 
end dates of interest periods for the purposes of 
calculating the amount of interest, to which sub-
paragraph 15(v) relates]
27
Talons for future Coupons to be attached 
to Definitive Notes (and dates on which 
such Talons mature):
[Yes, as the Notes have more than 27 coupon 
payments. Talons may be required if on exchange 
into definitive form, more than 27 coupon payments 
are still to be made]/[No]
28
If syndicated, names of Managers:
[Not Applicable/give names]
29
If non-syndicated, name of Dealer:
[Not Applicable/give names]
                                                       
8
Please note that (to ensure that exchange for definitives in these circumstances cannot occur when the notes have multiple denominations 
above €100K – i.e. €101K, €102K etc.) the Clearing Systems require a footnote stating the following on wholesale programmes:
“If the Temporary Global Note or Permanent Global Note is exchangeable for definitives at the option of the holder, the Notes shall be 
tradeable only in amounts of at least the Specified Denomination (or if more than one Specified Denomination, the lowest Specified 
Denomination) provided in paragraph 5 and multiples thereof”.

--- Page 113 ---
107
30
U.S. Selling Restrictions:
[Reg. S Compliance Category; TEFRA C/TEFRA 
D/TEFRA not applicable]
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION
[(Relevant third party information) has been extracted from (specify source). The Issuer confirms that such 
information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from
information published by (specify source), no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced 
information inaccurate or misleading.]
Signed on behalf of Carlsberg Breweries A/S:
………………………………………………..
By: [●]
Duly authorised

--- Page 114 ---
108
PART B - OTHER INFORMATION
1
Listing and Admission to Trading
(i)
Admission to trading and 
listing:
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Notes to 
be admitted to listing on the [official list] of the [Bourse de Luxembourg
market] and to be admitted to trading on the [Bourse de Luxembourg
market] with effect from [●].][Application is expected to be made by the 
Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading on [Bourse 
de Luxembourg market] with effect from [●].] [Not Applicable.]
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to indicate that original Notes 
are already admitted to trading.)
(ii)
Estimate of total 
expenses related to 
admission to trading:
[●]
2
Ratings
Ratings:
The Notes to be issued [have been/are expected to be] rated:
[Moody’s Italia S.r.l.: [●]]
[Fitch Ratings Ltd.: [●]]
[Other]: [●]]
[[Moody’s Italia S.r.l.] / [●] is established in the EU and registered under 
Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 ( as amended, the “CRA Regulation”), and 
is included in the list of credit rating agencies published by the European 
Securities and Markets Authority on its website 
(www.esma.europa.eu/page/List- registered-and-certified-CRAs) in 
accordance with the CRA Regulation] / [[Fitch Ratings Ltd.] / [●] is not 
established in either the EU and is not registered under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009, (as amended, the “CRA Regulation”); however, the rating it has 
given to the Notes is endorsed by [Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited]/[●], 
which is established in the EU and registered under the CRA Regulation]
(Note: need to include a brief explanation of the ratings if this has 
previously been published by the rating provider(s).)
3
Interests of Natural and Legal Persons Involved in the Issue/Offer
(Need to include a description of any interest, including conflicting ones, that is material to the issue/offer, 
detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by the inclusion of the following 
statement:)
“[So far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the offer of the Notes has an interest material to the 
offer.”]
[[●]]

--- Page 115 ---
109
(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters described 
constitute “significant new factors” and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to the Base 
Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.)
[Not Applicable]
4
Reasons for the Offer and Estimated Net Proceeds
Reasons for the Offer:
[See “Use of Proceeds” in the Base Prospectus / Give details]
Estimated net proceeds:
[●]
5
[Fixed Rate Notes only – YIELD
Indication of yield:
[●]]
6
Operational Information
ISIN:
[●]
Common Code:
[●]
Any clearing system(s) other 
than Euroclear Bank SA/NV 
and Clearstream Banking S.A.
and the relevant identification 
number:
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and Number(s) [and address(es)]]
Delivery:
Delivery [against/free of] payment
Names and address of initial 
Paying Agent(s)/ Calculation 
Agent(s):
[●]
Names and addresses of 
additional Paying Agent(s)/ 
Calculation Agent(s) (if any):
[●]

--- Page 116 ---
110
Intended to be held in a 
manner which would allow 
Eurosystem eligibility:
[Yes. Note that the designation “yes” simply means that the Notes are 
intended upon issue to be deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper[, and registered in the name of a nominee of one of the ISCDs 
acting as common safekeeper,] [include this text for registered notes] and 
does not necessarily mean that the Notes will be recognised as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day credit operations 
by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all times during their life. 
Such recognition will depend upon the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria have been met.][include this text if “yes” selected in 
which case bearer Notes must be issued in NGN form] / [No. Whilst the 
designation is specified as "no" at the date of these Final Terms, should the 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria be amended in the future such that the Notes 
are capable of meeting them the Notes may then be deposited with one of 
the ICSDs as common safekeeper [(and registered in the name of a nominee 
of one of the ICSDs acting as common safekeeper,][include this text for 
registered notes] . Note that this does not necessarily mean that the Notes 
will then be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary 
policy and intra day credit operations by the Eurosystem at any time during 
their life. Such recognition will depend upon the ECB being satisfied that 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.]

--- Page 117 ---
111
GENERAL INFORMATION
(1)
Application has been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes issued under the Programme 
to be admitted to the Official List and to be admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s 
regulated market.
(2)
The Issuer has obtained all necessary consents, approvals and authorisations in The Kingdom of 
Denmark in connection with the establishment and update of the Programme. The update of the 
Programme was authorised by an Executive Committee of the Supervisory Board of the Issuer and
passed on 24 February 2021.
(3)
There has been no significant change in the financial performance or financial position of the Issuer or 
of the Group since 31 December 2020. There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of 
the Issuer or of the Group since 31 December 2020.
(4)
Save as disclosed on page 90, neither the Issuer nor any of its subsidiaries is nor has been involved in 
any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending 
or threatened of which the Issuer is aware) during the 12 months preceding the date of this Base 
Prospectus which may have or have had in the recent past significant effects on the financial position 
or profitability of the Issuer or the Group.
(5)
Each Bearer Note having a maturity of more than one year, Coupon and Talon will bear the following 
legend: “Any United States person who holds this obligation will be subject to limitations under the 
United States income tax laws, including the limitations provided in Sections 165(j) and 1287(a) of the 
Internal Revenue Code”.
(6)
Notes have been accepted for clearance through the Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg (which are 
the entities in charge of keeping the records). The Common Code, the International Securities 
Identification Number (ISIN) and (where applicable) the identification number for any other relevant 
clearing system for each Series of Notes will be set out in the relevant Final Terms.
(7)
The address of Euroclear is 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels, Belgium and the address of 
Clearstream, Luxembourg is 42 Avenue J.F. Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg. The address of any 
alternative clearing system will be specified in the applicable Final Terms.
(8)
There are no material contracts entered into other than in the ordinary course of the Issuer’s business, 
which could result in any member of the Issuer’s Group being under an obligation or entitlement that is 
material to the Issuer’s ability to meet its obligations to noteholders in respect of the Notes being 
issued.
(9)
Where information in this Base Prospectus has been sourced from third parties, this information has
been accurately reproduced and as far as the Issuer is aware and is able to ascertain from the 
information published by such third parties no facts have been omitted which would render the 
reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. Such third parties have no material interests in the 
Issuer. The source of third party information is identified where used.
(10)
The issue price and the amount of the relevant Notes will be determined, before filing of the relevant 
Final Terms of each Tranche, based on the prevailing market conditions. The Issuer will not provide 
any post-issuance information, except if required by any applicable laws and regulations.

--- Page 118 ---
112
(11)
So long as Notes are outstanding, the following documents will be available, for inspection on the 
website of the Issuer (www.carlsberggroup.com):
(i)
the Agency Agreement (which includes the form of the Global Notes, the definitive Bearer
Notes, the Certificates, the Coupons and the Talons);
(ii)
the Deed of Covenant;
(iii)
the Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Issuer;
(iv)
the published annual report and audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer and the 
Group for the two financial years ended 31 December 2019 and 31 December 2020;
(v)
each Final Terms (save that Final Terms relating to a Note which is neither admitted to trading 
on a regulated market within the EEA nor offered in the EEA in circumstances where a 
prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation will only be available 
for inspection by a holder of such Note and such holder must produce evidence satisfactory to 
the Issuer and the Fiscal Agent as to its holding of Notes and identity);
(vi)
a copy of this Base Prospectus together with any Supplement to this Base Prospectus or further 
Base Prospectus; and
(vii)
all reports, letters and other documents, balance sheets, valuations and statements by any expert 
any part of which is extracted or referred to in this Base Prospectus.
This Base Prospectus, any supplements to this Base Prospectus and Final Terms relating to Notes listed 
on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, and the documents incorporated by 
reference herein shall also be available, in electronic format, on the website of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange (www.bourse.lu). For the avoidance of doubt, unless specifically incorporated by reference 
into this Prospectus information contained on any website does not form part of this Prospectus. 
Copies of Final Terms relating to Notes which are admitted to trading on any other regulated market in 
the EEA, will be published in accordance with the rules and regulations of the relevant listing authority
or stock exchange and otherwise in accordance with Article 21 of the Prospectus Regulation.
(12)
BNP Paribas Securities Services acting through its Luxembourg Branch whose offices are at 60, 
avenue J.F. Kennedy, L-2085, Luxembourg acts as listing agent for the Notes issued under the
Programme. BNP Paribas Securities Services Luxembourg Branch, being part of a financial group
providing client services with a worldwide network covering different time zones, may entrust parts of 
its operational processes to other BNP Paribas Group entities and/or third parties, whilst keeping 
ultimate accountability and responsibility in Luxembourg.
(13)
PricewaterhouseCoopers Statsautoriseret Revisionspartnerselskab of Strandvejen 44, 2900 Hellerup, 
Denmark and a member of the Danish Association of State Authorised Public Accountants (FSR) have 
audited, and issued an unqualified audit report on, the consolidated financial statements of the Issuer as 
of and for the years ended 31 December 2019 and 31 December 2020.
Financial information that has previously been published for any financial years or interim periods can
differ from subsequently published financial information due to retrospective implementation of 
subsequent changes in accounting policies and other prospective adjustments made in accordance with 
International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by the European Union (“IFRS”). Any such 
retrospective changes in respect of financial statements will be disclosed in the notes to the 
subsequently published financial statements to which reference is made.

--- Page 119 ---
113
(14)
The yield for any particular Series of Notes will be specified in the applicable Final Terms and will be
calculated on the basis of the compound annual rate of return if the relevant Notes were to be 
purchased at the Issue Price on the Issue Date and held to maturity. Set out below is an example 
formula for the purposes of calculating the yield of Fixed Rate Notes or Zero Coupon Notes. The Final 
Terms in respect of any Floating Rate Notes will not include any indication of yield.






















n
Yield)
(1
1
Amount
Redemption
Final
Yield
n
Yield)
(1
1
–
1
Interest
of
Rate
Price
Issue
Where:
"Rate of Interest" means the Rate of Interest expressed as a percentage as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms and adjusted according to the frequency (and in the case of Zero Coupon 
Notes, means "0") i.e. for a semi-annual paying Note, the rate of interest is half the stated
annualised rate of interest in the Final Terms;
"Yield" means the yield to maturity calculated on a frequency commensurate with the frequency of 
interest payments as specified in the applicable Final Terms (and in the case of Zero Coupon 
Notes, means Amortisation Yield as specified in the applicable Final Terms); and
"n" means the number of interest payments to maturity.
Set out below is a worked example illustrating how the yield on a Series of Fixed Rate Notes could
be calculated on the basis of the above formula. It is provided for purposes of illustration only and 
should not be taken as an indication or prediction of the yield for any Series of Notes; it is intended 
merely to illustrate the way which the above formula could be applied.
Where:
n = 6
Rate of Interest = 3.875%
Issue Price = 99.392%
Final Redemption Amount = 100%
























6
Yield)
(1
1
100
Yield
6
Yield)
(1
1
1
3.875
99.392
Yield = 3.99% (calculated by iteration)
The yield specified in the applicable Final Terms in respect of a Series of Notes will not be an
indication of future yield.

--- Page 120 ---
REGISTERED OFFICE OF THE ISSUER
Carlsberg Breweries A/S
J.C Jacobsen Gade 1
1799 Copenhagen V
Denmark
DEALERS
BNP Paribas
16, boulevard des Italiens
75009 Paris
France
Danske Bank A/S
2-12 Holmens Kanal
DK-1092 Copenhagen K
Denmark
MUFG Securities (Europe) N.V.
World Trade Center, Tower H, 11th Floor
Zuidplein 98
1077 XV Amsterdam
The Netherlands
Nordea Bank Abp
Satamaradankatu 5
00020 Nordea
Helsinki
Finland
Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ)
Kungsträdgårdsgatan 8
106 40 Stockholm
Sweden
Société Générale 
29 boulevard Haussmann
7500- Paris 
France
UniCredit Bank AG
Arabellastrasse 12
D-81925 Munich
Germany
FISCAL AGENT, PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT, REGISTRAR AND TRANSFER AGENT
BNP Paribas Securities Services, Luxembourg Branch
60, avenue J.F. Kennedy
L-2085 Luxembourg
CALCULATION AGENT/AGENT BANK
BNP Paribas Securities Services, Luxembourg Branch
60, avenue J.F. Kennedy
L-2085 Luxembourg
ARRANGER
BNP Paribas
16, boulevard des Italiens
75009 Paris
France

--- Page 121 ---
LUXEMBOURG LISTING AGENT
BNP Paribas Securities Services, Luxembourg Branch
60, avenue J.F. Kennedy
L-2085 Luxembourg
INDEPENDENT AUDITORS TO THE ISSUER
PricewaterhouseCoopers Statsautoriseret Revisionspartnerselskab
Strandvejen 44
2900 Hellerup
Denmark
LEGAL ADVISERS
To the Issuer in respect of Danish law
To the Dealers as to English law
Kromann Reumert
Sundkrogsgade 5
DK 2100 Copenhagen Ø
Denmark
Linklaters LLP
One Silk Street
London EC2Y 8HQ
United Kingdom