--- Page 1 ---
i 
 
BASE PROSPECTUS Dated 8 November 2022 
 
Carmila 
€1,500,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
 
Under the Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the "Programme") described in this base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus"), Carmila 
("Carmila" or the "Issuer"), subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, may from time to time issue Euro 
Medium Term Notes (the "Notes"). The aggregate nominal amount of Notes outstanding will not at any time exceed €1,500,000,000 (or 
the equivalent in other currencies). 
 
This Base Prospectus (together with any supplements hereto, each a "Supplement") constitutes a base prospectus for the purposes of 
Article 8 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as may be amended from time to time (the "EU Prospectus Regulation"). This Base Prospectus 
has been approved by the Autorité des marchés financiers (the "AMF") in France in its capacity as competent authority under the EU 
Prospectus Regulation and received the approval no. 22-436 on 8 November 2022. The AMF only approves this Base Prospectus as 
meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the EU Prospectus Regulation. Such approval 
should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer and of the quality of the Notes which are subject to this Base Prospectus. 
Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. 
 
For a period of twelve (12) months following the date of this Base Prospectus, application may be made (i) to the regulated market of 
Euronext Paris ("Euronext Paris") to be admitted to trading on Euronext Paris and/or (ii) to the listing authority of any other Member 
State of the European Economic Area ("EEA") for Notes to be admitted to trading on a Regulated Market (as defined below) in such 
Member State, provided that the Base Prospectus is completed by one or more supplements, pursuant to Article 23 of the EU Prospectus 
Regulation, following the occurrence of any significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy relating to the information 
included (including information incorporated by reference) in this Base Prospectus which may affect investors' assessment of the Notes. 
After 8 November 2023, the Base Prospectus, as supplemented, will expire and the obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the 
event of significant new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies will no longer apply. Euronext Paris is a regulated market 
(a "Regulated Market") for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU on markets in financial instruments, as amended ("EU MiFID II").  
 
The price and the amount of the relevant Notes to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer(s) (as defined below) based on the prevailing market conditions at the time of the issue of such Notes and will be set out in the 
relevant final terms (the "Final Terms") (a form of which is contained herein). Notes may be issued at their nominal amount or at a 
discount or premium to their nominal amount. 
 
Notes may be issued either in dematerialised form ("Dematerialised Notes") or in materialised form ("Materialised Notes") as more 
fully described herein. 
 
Dematerialised Notes will at all times be in book entry form in compliance with Articles L.211-3 et seq. and R.211-1 of the French Code 
monétaire et financier. No physical documents of title (including certificats représentatifs pursuant to Article R.211-7 of the French 
Code monétaire et financier) will be issued in respect of the Dematerialised Notes.  
 
Dematerialised Notes may, at the option of the Issuer, be in bearer dematerialised form (au porteur) inscribed as from the issue date in 
the books of Euroclear France ("Euroclear France") (acting as central depositary) which shall credit the accounts of Account Holders 
(as defined in "Terms and Conditions of the Notes – Form, Denomination and Title") including Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear") 
and the depositary bank for Clearstream Banking, S.A. ("Clearstream, Luxembourg") or in registered dematerialised form (au 
nominatif) and, in such latter case, at the option of the relevant Noteholder (as defined in Condition 1(c)(iv)), in either fully registered 
form (au nominatif pur), in which case they will be inscribed either in an account maintained by the Issuer or by the registration agent 
(designated in the relevant Final Terms) acting on behalf of the Issuer, or in administered registered form (au nominatif administré) in 
which case they will be inscribed in the books of an Account Holder designated by the relevant Noteholder. 
 
Materialised Notes will be in bearer materialised form only and may only be issued outside France. A temporary global certificate in 
bearer form without interest coupons attached (a "Temporary Global Certificate") will initially be issued in connection with Materialised 
Notes. Such Temporary Global Certificate will be exchanged for Definitive Materialised Notes in bearer form with, where applicable, 
coupons for interest attached, on or after a date expected to be on or about the fortieth calendar day after the issue date of the Notes 
(subject to postponement as described in "Temporary Global Certificates issued in respect of Materialised Notes" below) upon 
certification as to non U.S. beneficial ownership as more fully described herein. Temporary Global Certificates will (a) in the case of a 
Tranche intended to be cleared through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, be deposited on the issue date with a common 
depositary on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and (b) in the case of a Tranche intended to be cleared through a 
clearing system other than or in addition to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg or delivered outside a clearing system, be 
deposited as agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s).

--- Page 2 ---
ii 
 
The minimum denomination of the Notes shall be €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency as at the date of issue of the Notes). 
 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer's long term debt is rated "BBB" (stable outlook) by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited 
("S&P"). The Programme is currently unrated. Notes issued under the Programme may, or may not, be rated. The rating (if any) may 
be specified in the relevant Final Terms.  
 
Whether or not such credit rating applied for in relation to a relevant Tranche of Notes will be (1) issued or endorsed by a credit rating 
agency established in the EEA and registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 
16 September 2009 on credit rating agencies, as amended (the "EU CRA Regulation"), or by a credit rating agency which is certified 
under the EU CRA Regulation and/or (2) issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the United Kingdom (the "UK") 
and registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of the UK by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA Regulation") or by a credit rating agency which is certified under the UK CRA Regulation will 
be disclosed in the Final Terms. The list of credit rating agencies registered in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation is published on 
the European Securities and Markets Authority's website (the "ESMA") (http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-and-certified-
CRAs). As of the date of this Base Prospectus, S&P appears on the list of registered and certified rating agencies published by ESMA. A 
rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, change, or withdrawal at any time by 
the assigning rating agency. 
 
The ratings of S&P have been endorsed by S&P Global Ratings UK Limited, respectively, in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation 
and have not been withdrawn. As such, the ratings issued by S&P may be used for regulatory purposes in the UK in accordance with the 
UK CRA Regulation. 
 
Prospective investors should have regard to the factors described under the section headed "Risk Factors" in this Base Prospectus. 
This Base Prospectus does not describe all of the risks of an investment in the Notes. 
 
 
Arranger and Dealer for the Programme 
BNP Paribas

--- Page 3 ---
iii 
 
This Base Prospectus (including the documents incorporated by reference thereto), as may be supplemented 
from time to time, constitutes a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of the EU Prospectus Regulation 
and for the purpose of giving all necessary information with regard to the Issuer or the Issuer and its consolidated 
subsidiaries taken as a whole (the "Group") and the Notes which, according to the particular nature of the Issuer 
and the Notes, is material to an investor for making an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, financial 
position, profits and losses and prospects of the Issuer, the rights attached to the Notes and the reasons for the 
issuance and its impact on the Issuer.  
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation other than those contained 
or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus in connection with the issue or sale of the Notes and, if 
given or made, such information or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the 
Issuer or any of the Dealers or the Arranger. Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor any sale made in 
connection herewith shall, under any circumstances, create any implication that there has been no change in the 
affairs of the Issuer since the date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently 
supplemented or that there has been no adverse change in the financial position of the Issuer or the Group since 
the date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently amended or supplemented 
or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is correct as of any time subsequent 
to the date on which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the document containing the same.  
In this Base Prospectus, "Arranger" and "Permanent Dealer" means BNP Paribas and "Dealer" means any 
further dealer appointed in connection with the Programme or with respect to any specific issue of Notes. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering or sale of the Notes in certain jurisdictions may be 
restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus comes are required by the Issuer, the 
Dealers and the Arranger to inform themselves about and to observe any such restriction. The Notes have not 
been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act") or with 
any securities regulatory authority of any State or other jurisdiction of the United States, and the Notes may 
include Notes in bearer form that are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. Subject to certain exceptions, Notes 
may not be offered, sold, or in the case of Materialised Notes (as defined below) delivered, within the United 
States or to, or for the account or benefit of U.S. persons as defined in Regulation S under Securities Act 
("Regulation S") or, in the case of Notes in bearer form, as defined in the U.S. External Revenue Code of 1986, 
as amended, and regulations thereunder. For a description of certain restrictions on offers and sales of Notes 
and on distribution of this Base Prospectus, see "Subscription and Sale". This Base Prospectus does not 
constitute an offer of, or an invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer, the Dealers or the Arranger to subscribe for, 
or purchase, any Notes. 
PRIIPS IMPORTANT - PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are 
not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (the "EEA"). For these purposes, a retail 
investor means a person who is one (or both) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of 
Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended ("EU MiFID II"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 
2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) 
of EU MiFID II. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the 
"EU PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the EEA may be unlawful under the EU PRIIPs Regulation.  
PRIIPS IMPORTANT - PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not 
intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a 
person who is one (or both) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 
2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
("EUWA"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 
2000 (the "FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, 
where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently, no 
key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the United Kingdom has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes 
or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom may be unlawful under the 
UK PRIIPs Regulation.

--- Page 4 ---
iv 
 
EU MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of any 
Notes will include a legend entitled "EU MiFID II Product Governance" which will outline the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes, taking into account the five (5) categories referred to in item 18 of the 
Guidelines on MiFID II product governance requirements published by ESMA dated 5 February 2018, and 
which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a "distributor" as defined in EU MiFID II) should take into consideration such 
determination; however, a distributor subject to EU MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels. A determination will be made by all relevant Dealers in relation 
to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the EU MiFID Product Governance rules under EU Delegated 
Directive 2017/593 (the "EU MiFID Product Governance Rules"), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a 
manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor any Dealer nor any of their 
respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the EU MiFID Product Governance Rules. 
UK MiFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes 
may include a legend entitled "UK MiFIR Product Governance" which will outline the target market assessment 
in respect of the Notes, taking into account the five (5) categories referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines on 
MiFID II product governance requirements published by ESMA on 5 February 2018 (in accordance with the 
FCA’s policy statement entitled "Brexit our approach to EU non-legislative materials"), and which channels 
for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any distributor (as defined above) should take into consideration 
such determination; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product 
Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own 
target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) 
and determining appropriate distribution channels. A determination will be made in relation to each issue about 
whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is 
a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor any Dealer nor any of their 
respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MIFIR Product Governance Rules. 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer of, or an invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer or the 
Dealers or the Arranger to subscribe for, or purchase, any Notes. 
The Arranger and the Dealers have not separately verified the information contained in this Base Prospectus. 
To the fullest extent permitted by law, none of the Dealers or the Arranger accept any responsibility for the 
contents of this Base Prospectus or for any other statement, made or purported to be made by the Arranger or a 
Dealer or on its behalf in connection with the Issuer or the issue and offering of any Notes. The Arranger and 
each Dealer accordingly disclaims all and any liability (save as referred to above) which it might otherwise 
have in respect of this Base Prospectus or any such statement. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other 
financial statements or information supplied in connection with the Programme (including any information 
incorporated by reference) are intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation and should not be 
considered as a recommendation by any of the Issuer, the Arranger or the Dealers that any recipient of this Base 
Prospectus or any other financial statements should purchase the Notes. Each potential purchaser of Notes 
should determine for itself the relevance of the information contained in this Base Prospectus and its purchase 
of Notes should be based upon such investigation as it deems necessary. None of the Dealers or the Arranger 
undertakes to review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuer or the Group during the life of the 
arrangements contemplated by this Base Prospectus or to advise any investor or potential investor in the Notes 
of any information coming to the attention of any of the Dealers or the Arranger.

--- Page 5 ---
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME ..................................................................................... 6 
RISK FACTORS ...............................................................................................................................................13 
IMPORTANT NOTICES ..................................................................................................................................22 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE .....................................................................................24 
SUPPLEMENT TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS ..............................................................................................28 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ..............................................................................................29 
TEMPORARY GLOBAL CERTIFICATES ISSUED IN RESPECT OF MATERIALISED NOTES ..............65 
USE OF PROCEEDS ........................................................................................................................................66 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER ...................................................................................................................67 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS ...............................................................................................................................68 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ..........................................................................................................................84 
GENERAL INFORMATION ............................................................................................................................88 
PERSONS RESPONSIBLE FOR THE INFORMATION GIVEN IN THE BASE PROSPECTUS ................91

--- Page 6 ---
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety by the 
remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular Tranche of 
Notes, the relevant Final Terms. 
This General Description constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25.1(b) 
of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 of 14 March 2019, as amended. It does not, and is not 
intended to, constitute a summary of this Prospectus within the meaning of Article 7 of the EU Prospectus 
Regulation or any implementing regulation thereof. 
Issuer: 
Carmila 
LEI (Legal Entity Identifier): 
222100P6D3QKU33LZQ72 
Description: 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Size: 
Up to €1,500,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies at 
the date of issue) aggregate nominal amount of Notes 
outstanding at any one time. The amount of the Programme may 
be increased in accordance with the terms of the Dealer 
Agreement.  
Arranger and Dealer: 
BNP Paribas 
Dealers: 
BNP Paribas 
The Issuer may from time to time terminate the appointment of 
any dealer under the Programme or appoint additional dealers 
either in respect of one or more Tranches or in respect of the 
whole Programme. References in this Base Prospectus to 
"Permanent Dealers" is to BNP Paribas and to such additional 
persons that are appointed as dealers in respect of the whole 
Programme (and, in each case, whose appointment has not been 
terminated) and references to "Dealers" are to all Permanent 
Dealers and all persons appointed as a dealer in respect of one 
or more Tranches. 
Fiscal Agent, Principal Paying Agent and 
Calculation Agent: 
Société Générale Securities Services 
Method of Issue: 
The Notes will be issued on a syndicated or non-syndicated 
basis. The Notes will be issued in series (each a "Series") having 
one or more issue dates and on terms otherwise identical (or 
identical other than in respect of the first payment of interest), 
the Notes of each Series being intended to be interchangeable 
with all other Notes of that Series. Each Series may be issued in 
tranches (each a "Tranche") on the same or different issue dates. 
The specific terms of each Tranche (which will be completed, 
where necessary, with the relevant terms and conditions and, 
save in respect of the issue date, issue price, first payment of 
interest and nominal amount of the Tranche, will be identical to 
the terms of other Tranches of the same Series) will be 
completed in the final terms (the "Final Terms"). 
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued at their nominal amount or at a discount or 
premium to their nominal amount.  
Form of Notes: 
Notes may be issued in either dematerialised form 
("Dematerialised 
Notes") 
or 
in 
materialised 
form 
("Materialised Notes"). 
Dematerialised Notes may, at the option of the Issuer, be issued 
in bearer dematerialised form (au porteur) or in registered 
dematerialised form (au nominatif) and, in such latter case, at 
the option of the relevant Noteholder, in either fully registered

--- Page 7 ---
7 
 
form (au nominatif pur) or administered registered form (au 
nominatif administré) form. No physical documents of title will 
be issued in respect of Dematerialised Notes. See "Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes - Form, Denomination and Title". 
Materialised Notes will be in bearer materialised form only. A 
temporary Global Certificate will be issued initially in respect 
of each Tranche of Materialised Notes. Materialised Notes may 
only be issued outside France. See "Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes - Form, Denomination and Title" below. 
Clearing Systems: 
Euroclear France as central depositary in relation to 
Dematerialised Notes and, in relation to Materialised Notes, 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear or any other clearing 
system that may be agreed between the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent 
and the relevant Dealer. 
Initial Delivery of Notes: 
No later than one Paris business day before the issue date of each 
Tranche of Dematerialised Notes, the lettre comptable, or as the 
case may be, the application form, relating to such Tranche shall 
be deposited with Euroclear France as central depositary. 
 
On or before the issue date for each Tranche of Materialised 
Notes, the Temporary Global Certificate issued in respect of 
such Tranche shall be deposited with a common depositary for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or with any other 
clearing system or may be delivered outside any clearing system 
provided that the method of such delivery has been agreed in 
advance by the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent and the relevant Dealer. 
Currencies: 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and 
directives, Notes may be issued in any currency agreed between 
the Issuer and the relevant Dealer, as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
Maturities: 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and 
directives, any maturity as may be specified in the Final Terms. 
Specified Denomination: 
Notes will be in such denominations as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms save that (i) the minimum specified 
denomination shall be €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other 
currency as at the date of issue of the Notes); and (ii) unless 
otherwise permitted by then current laws and regulations, Notes 
(including Notes denominated in sterling) which have a maturity 
of less than one year and in respect of which the issue proceeds 
are to be accepted by the Issuer in the United Kingdom or whose 
issue otherwise constitutes a contravention of section 19 of the 
FSMA will have a minimum denomination of £100,000 (or its 
equivalent in other currencies). 
Fixed Rate Notes: 
Fixed interest will be payable in arrear on the date or dates in 
each year specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Floating Rate Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest determined separately for 
each Series as follows:  
(i) on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional 
interest rate swap transaction in the relevant Specified 
Currency pursuant to the 2013 FBF Master Agreement

--- Page 8 ---
8 
 
relating to transactions on forward financial instruments as 
supplemented by the relevant FBF Technical Schedules 
(Additifs Techniques) as published by the Fédération 
Bancaire Française, or 
(ii) on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional 
interest rate swap transaction in the relevant Specified 
Currency governed by an agreement incorporating, either 
the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as published by the 
International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. 
("ISDA") or the latest version of the 2021 ISDA Interest 
Rate Derivatives Definitions as published by ISDA as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, each as amended, 
supplemented and updated as at the Issue Date of the first 
Tranche of the Notes, each as published by the ISDA (or 
any successor) on its website (http://www.isda.org); or 
(iii) by reference to EURIBOR or EUR CMS or by reference to 
a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate, as may be 
determined by the Independent Adviser if a Benchmark 
Event occurs.  
Interest Periods will be specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. The Minimum Rate of Interest shall not be less than 
zero. 
Benchmark Discontinuation 
If a Benchmark Event occurs (as defined in Condition 
5(b)(iii)(C)(5)), the Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to 
appoint an Independent Adviser, as soon as reasonably 
practicable, to determine a Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate 
(as such terms are defined in Condition 5(b)(iii)(C)(5)), the 
related adjustment and/or amendments to the terms of the 
relevant Series of Notes are further described in Condition 
5(b)(iii)(C)(5). 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes: 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate (i) that the 
Issuer may elect to convert on the date set out in the Final Terms 
from a Fixed Rate to a Floating Rate, or from a Floating Rate to 
a Fixed Rate or (ii) that will automatically change from a Fixed 
Rate to a Floating Rate or from a Floating Rate to a Fixed Rate 
on the date set out in the Final Terms.  
Zero Coupon Notes (as defined in "Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes") may be issued at their nominal amount or at a discount 
to it and will not bear interest (other than in the case of late 
payment in relation to the principal amount only). 
Interest Periods and Interest Rates: 
The length of the Interest Periods for the Notes and the 
applicable Rate of Interest or its method of calculation may 
differ from time to time or be constant for any Series. Notes may 
have a Maximum Rate of Interest, a Minimum Rate of Interest 
rate, or both. The use of Interest Accrual Periods permits the 
Notes to bear interest at different rates in the same interest 
period. All such information will be set out in the relevant Final 
Terms.

--- Page 9 ---
9 
 
Redemption: 
The relevant Final Terms will specify the Redemption Amounts 
payable, determined in accordance with the Conditions. Unless 
permitted by then current laws and regulations, Notes (including 
Notes denominated in sterling) which have a maturity of less 
than one year and in respect of which the issue proceeds are to 
be accepted by the Issuer in the United Kingdom or whose issue 
otherwise constitutes a contravention of section 19 of the FSMA 
must have a minimum redemption amount of £100,000 (or its 
equivalent in other currencies).  
Optional Redemption: 
The Final Terms issued in respect of each Series of Notes will 
state whether such Notes may be redeemed prior to their stated 
maturity at the option of the Issuer (either in whole or in part) 
and/or the Noteholders, and if so the terms applicable to such 
redemption. 
Residual Maturity Call Option by the 
Issuer: 
If "Residual Maturity Call Option" is specified as being 
applicable in the relevant Final Terms in respect of any Series of 
Notes, then the Issuer will have the option to redeem all, but not 
some only, of the Notes at any time during the period starting on 
(and including) the Initial Residual Maturity Call Option Date 
(as defined in the relevant Final Terms) and ending on (but 
excluding) the Maturity Date at the Early Redemption Amount 
together with interest accrued up to (but excluding) the date fixed 
for redemption.  
Squeeze-out Call Option: 
If "Squeeze-out Call Option" is specified as being applicable in 
the relevant Final Terms in respect of any Series of Notes, then 
the Issuer will have the option to redeem at the Early 
Redemption Amount, together with any accrued and unpaid 
interest up to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption, all 
but not some only of that Series of Notes at any time, provided 
that redemptions (except for an Optional Make-Whole 
Redemption by the Issuer) or repurchases and cancellations of 
such Series shall have been previously effected in respect of at 
least the Minimum Percentage (as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms) of such Series of Notes. 
Optional Make-Whole Redemption by 
the Issuer:  
If "Optional Make-Whole Redemption by the Issuer" is 
specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms in 
respect of any Series of Notes, the Issuer will have the option to 
redeem the Notes, in whole or in part, at any time or from time 
to time, prior to their Maturity Date at their relevant Optional 
Make-Whole Redemption Amount, together with any accrued 
and unpaid interest up to (but excluding) the date fixed for 
redemption.

--- Page 10 ---
10 
 
Change of Control Put Option 
If "Change of Control Put Option" is specified as being 
applicable in the relevant Final Terms, and if any time while any 
Note remains outstanding (a) a Change of Control (as defined in 
the Conditions) occurs and (b) within the Change of Control 
Period (as defined in the Conditions), (i) (if at the time of the 
Change of Control the Issuer and/or the Notes outstanding have 
a rating from a Rating Agency (as defined in the Conditions)) a 
Rating Downgrade (as defined in the Conditions) occurs or has 
occurred as a result of such Change of Control or (ii) (if at the 
time of the Change of Control the Issuer and/or the Notes 
outstanding do not have a rating from a Rating Agency) a 
Negative Rating Event in respect of that Change of Control 
occurs each Noteholder will have the option (unless, prior to the 
giving of the Put Event Notice (as defined in the Conditions), 
the Issuer gives notice of its intention to redeem the Notes under 
Condition 6) to require the Issuer to redeem or, at the Issuer’s 
option, to procure the purchase of its Notes, on the Change of 
Control Redemption Date (as defined in the Conditions). 
Redemption by Instalments: 
The Final Terms issued in respect of each issue of Notes that are 
redeemable in two or more instalments will set out the dates on 
which, and the amounts in which, such Notes may be redeemed. 
Early Redemption: 
Except as provided in "Optional Redemption", "Residual 
Maturity Call Option", "Optional Make-Whole Redemption by 
the Issuer" and "Squeeze-out Call Option" above, the Notes will 
be redeemable at the option of the Issuer prior to maturity only 
for tax reasons or, if applicable, in instalments. See "Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes - Redemption, Purchase and Options". 
Status of Notes: 
The obligations of the Issuer under the Notes in respect of 
principal, interest and other amounts, will constitute direct, 
general, unconditional, unsubordinated and (subject to the 
Negative Pledge) unsecured obligations of the Issuer, all as 
described in "Terms and Conditions of the Notes – Status and 
Negative Pledge". 
Negative Pledge: 
Noteholders will have the benefit of a negative pledge described 
in "Terms and Conditions of the Notes – Status and Negative 
Pledge". 
Restrictions on Secured Borrowings: 
So long as the Notes remain outstanding, the Noteholders will 
have the benefit of a restriction on secured borrowings described 
in "Terms and Conditions of the Notes – Restriction on Secured 
Borrowings". 
Cross Default: 
Noteholders will have the benefit of a cross-default described in 
"Terms and Conditions of the Notes – Events of Default".

--- Page 11 ---
11 
 
Ratings: 
The Issuer has been designated a long-term credit rating of 
"BBB (stable outlook)" by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited 
("S&P"). The Programme is currently unrated. 
Series of Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or 
unrated. Where a Series of Notes is rated, such rating will be 
disclosed in the relevant Final Terms. 
The list of credit rating agencies registered in accordance with 
the EU CRA Regulation is published on the European Securities 
and 
Markets 
Authority's 
website 
(the 
"ESMA") 
(http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-and-certified-
CRAs). 
The relevant Final Terms will specify whether or not such credit 
ratings are (1) issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the European Union or in the UK, and registered 
under the EU CRA Regulation, or by a credit rating agency which 
is certified under the EU CRA Regulation and/or (2) issued or 
endorsed by a credit rating agency established in UK and 
registered UK CRA Regulation or by a credit rating agency 
which is certified under the UK CRA Regulation will be 
disclosed in the Final Terms. 
 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, S&P appears on the list of 
registered and certified rating agencies published by ESMA. 
The ratings of S&P have been endorsed by S&P Global Ratings 
UK Limited, in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation and 
have not been withdrawn. As such, the ratings issued by S&P 
may be used for regulatory purposes in the UK in accordance 
with the UK CRA Regulation. 
 
A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold 
securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or 
withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
Withholding Tax: 
All payments of principal, interest and other revenues by or on 
behalf of the Issuer in respect of the Notes and Coupons shall be 
made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction 
for, any taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of 
whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed 
by or on behalf of any jurisdiction or any political subdivision 
or any authority thereof having power to tax, unless such 
withholding or deduction is required by law. 
If pursuant to French laws or regulations, payments of principal, 
interest or other revenues in respect of any Note or Coupon 
become subject to withholding or deduction in respect of any 
present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental 
charges of whatever nature, the Issuer shall, to the fullest extent 
then permitted by law, pay such additional amounts as may be 
necessary in order that the Noteholders or, as the case may be, 
the Couponholders will receive after such withholding or 
deduction the full amount then due and payable thereon in the 
absence of such deduction or withholding, subject to certain 
exceptions. 
Governing Law and Jurisdiction: 
French law. 
The competent courts within the jurisdiction of the Court of 
Appeal of Paris have non-exclusive jurisdiction to settle any 
dispute arising out of or in connection with any Notes, Coupons 
or Talons.

--- Page 12 ---
12 
 
Listing and Admission to Trading: 
Application has been made for the Notes issued under the 
Programme to be admitted to trading on Euronext Paris. 
Euronext Paris is a Regulated Market published on the ESMA 
website. The Notes may also be listed and admitted to trading 
on such other or further stock exchange(s) as may be agreed 
between the Issuer, and the relevant Dealer in relation to each 
Series. The Final Terms relating to each Tranche of Notes will 
state whether or not and, if so, on which stock exchange(s) the 
Notes are to be listed and admitted to trading. 
Selling Restrictions: 
The United States, the European Economic Area, the United 
Kingdom, France, the Republic of Italy and Japan. See 
"Subscription and Sale". 
The Issuer is Category 2 for the purposes of Regulation S under 
the Securities Act. 
Representation of Noteholders:  
The Noteholders will, in respect of all Tranches of the relevant 
Series, be grouped automatically for the defence of their 
common interests in a masse (the "Masse").  
The Masse will be a separate legal entity and will act in part 
through a representative (the "Representative") and in part 
through collective decisions (the "Collective Decisions") of the 
Noteholders. If and for so long as the Notes are held by a sole 
Noteholder, such Noteholder shall exercise all powers, rights 
and obligations entrusted to the Masse by the provisions of 
Articles L.228-46 et seq. of the French Code de Commerce and 
as amended and supplemented by Condition 11 (Representation 
of Noteholders). 
Use of proceeds:  
As described in the section "Use of Proceeds" of this Base 
Prospectus, except otherwise specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, the net proceeds of the issue of the Notes, will be used 
by the Issuer either (i) for general corporate purposes of the 
Group or (ii) to finance and/or refinance, in whole or in part, 
Eligible Green Assets, as defined in the relevant Final Terms and 
described in the Issuer's green bond framework (as may be 
amended and/or supplemented from time to time, the "Green 
Bond Framework").  
The Green Bond Framework was the subject of a second party 
opinion from Sustainalytics (the "Second Party Opinion").  
The Green Bond Framework and the Second Party Opinion are 
available 
on 
the 
Issuer’s 
website 
(https://www.carmila.com/en/finance/green-bond/).

--- Page 13 ---
13 
 
RISK FACTORS 
The Issuer believes that the following factors may affect its ability to fulfil its obligations under Notes issued under 
the Programme. All of these factors are contingencies which may or may not occur. 
In accordance with the provisions of Article 16 of the EU Prospectus Regulation, the risk factors set out below are 
limited to those that are specific to the Issuer and the Notes and material to an informed investor's decision to invest 
in the Notes. These risks are ranked and presented in decreasing order of importance within each category (and in 
no particular order of importance between categories). 
The Issuer believes that the factors described below and in the documents incorporated by reference represent the 
principal risks inherent in investing in the Notes issued under the Programme. Prospective investors should read the 
detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus (including the relevant sections of any documents 
deemed to be incorporated by reference herein and the relevant Final Terms) and reach their own views prior to 
making any investment decision.  
Terms defined herein shall have the same meaning as in the "Terms and Conditions of the Notes". 
Factors that may affect the Issuer's ability to fulfil its obligations under Notes issued under the Programme 
In accordance with the EU Prospectus Regulation, Carmila updated the Group risk matrix in 2019, which 
incorporates the specific major risks to which it is exposed. These risks, selected according to their "gross" impact 
and likelihood, before taking into account risk management controls and policies are nevertheless presented in the 
2021 Document d'enregistrement universel in a matrix based on their estimated "net" impact, both in terms of impact 
and occurrence, after taking into account all of the measures taken by the Group to manage them along with any 
internal and external factors that mitigate the risks. 
 
The risks that may affect the Issuer's ability to fulfil its obligations issued under the Programme are set out in 
particular on pages 90-103 of the 2021 Document d'enregistrement universel of the Issuer for the year ended 31 
December 2021 incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus, as set out in the section "Documents 
Incorporated by Reference" on pages 24 to 27 of this Base Prospectus. The categories and headings of each risk 
factor is set out below: 
 
CATEGORY 1: RISKS RELATING TO CARMILA'S BUSINESS SECTOR 
1. Trends in the commercial real estate market 
2. Changes in the social, economic and competitive environment 
3. Geopolitical environment  
 
CATEGORY 2: RISKS RELATING TO CARMILA'S BUSINESS 
 
4. Health, well-being, safety and security, including risks associated with a health crisis 
5. Relationship with and exposure to retail brands, counterparty risk 
6. Property development 
7. IT system security and data privacy  
 
CATEGORY 3: LEGAL AND ETHICS 
 
8. Regulatory and legal developments  
9. Ethical, corruption and fraud risks  
 
CATEGORY 4: FINANCIAL RISKS 
 
10. Costs and access to financing and financial markets 
11. Taxation and REIT, SIIC and SOCIMI regimes  
 
CATEGORY 5: ENVIRONMENTAL AND SOCIAL RISKS 
12. Environmental, climate and societal issues

--- Page 14 ---
14 
 
13. Talent management and engagement (recruitment, retention and succession) 
 
Factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes issued under 
the Programme  
In assessing the materiality of each risk below, the Issuer has considered the probability of its occurrence and the 
magnitude of its impact. The risk factors have been presented in a limited number of categories depending on their 
nature. The risks which the Issuer considers to be the most material are set out first in each category, with the 
remaining risk factors in each category set out in descending order of materiality. 
1 
Risks relating to all Series of Notes 
1.1 
Economic and financial Risks 
1.1.1 
Credit Risk 
An investment in the Notes involves taking credit risk on the Issuer. Since the Notes are unsecured obligations of the 
Issuer, benefitting from no direct recourse to any assets or guarantees, the Noteholders can only rely on the ability of 
the Issuer to pay any amount due under the Notes. The Issuer has been assigned a long-term credit rating of "BBB 
(stable outlook)" by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited, and the value of the Notes will depend on the 
creditworthiness of the Issuer and the level of such credit rating (as may be impacted by the risks relating to the 
Issuer described above). If the financial situation of the Issuer deteriorates, the potential adverse impact on the 
Noteholders could be very significant because (i) the Issuer may not be able to fulfil all or part of its payment 
obligations under the Notes, (ii) the market value of the Notes may decrease, in particular if the credit rating 
deteriorates, and (iii) investors may lose all or part of their investment.  
1.1.2 
The trading market for debt securities may be volatile and may be adversely impacted by many events 
which may affect their market value 
The Programme allows for the Notes to be admitted to trading on Euronext Paris or on any other Regulated Market 
as may be agreed with the Issuer, provided that a passporting application may be made for a period of twelve (12) 
months from the date of approval of this Base Prospectus by the AMF, for the Notes to be admitted to trading on a 
Regulated Market other than Euronext Paris. Nevertheless, the market value of the Notes will be affected by a number 
of factors, including the value of the reference rates, yields, the time remaining to the maturity date and the 
creditworthiness of the Issuer. The value of the Notes or the reference rates depends on a number of interrelated 
factors, including economic, financial and political events and factors affecting capital markets generally and 
Euronext Paris and/or any other Regulated Market or the stock exchanges on which the Notes or the reference rates 
are traded. The price at which a Noteholder will be able to sell the Notes prior to maturity may be at a discount, 
which could be substantial, from the issue price or the purchase price paid by such Noteholder. Accordingly, the 
adverse impact of this risk on the Noteholder would be very significant as a substantial part of the capital invested 
by the Noteholder may be lost upon any transfer of the Notes. 
1.1.3 
An active trading market for the Notes may not develop 
The Programme allows for the Notes to be admitted to trading on Euronext Paris or on any other Regulated Market 
as may be agreed with the Issuer, provided that a passporting application may be made for a period of twelve (12) 
months from the date of approval of this Base Prospectus by the AMF, for the Notes to be admitted to trading on a 
Regulated Market other than Euronext Paris. However, Notes issued under the Programme will be new securities 
which may not be widely distributed and for which there may be no active trading market (unless in the case of any 
particular Tranche, such Tranche is to be consolidated with and form a single series with a Tranche of Notes which 
is already issued). If the Notes are traded after their initial issuance, they may trade at a discount to their initial 
offering price, depending upon prevailing interest rates, the market for similar securities, general economic 
conditions and the financial condition of the Issuer.  
In relation to Notes to be listed and admitted to trading on Euronext Paris and/or any other Regulated Market, the 
Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. If an active trading market 
for the Notes does not develop or is not maintained, the market or trading price and liquidity of the Notes may be 
adversely affected as Noteholders may not be able to sell their Notes easily or at prices that would provide them with 
a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary market.  
This may have a negative impact on the liquidity of the Notes and result in low trading volumes. The degree of 
liquidity of the Notes may negatively impact the price at which an investor can dispose of the Notes where the 
investor is seeking to achieve a sale within a short timeframe. In such circumstances, the impact of this risk on the 
Noteholder would be high because Notes would likely have to be resold at a discount to the nominal value of the

--- Page 15 ---
15 
 
Notes. Furthermore, if additional and competing products are introduced in the markets in such circumstances where 
there is no trading market for the Notes, this may have a significant adverse effect on the market value of the Notes. 
1.1.4 
Exchange rate risks and exchange controls 
The Programme allows for Notes to be issued in a range of currencies (each, a "Specified Currency"). The Issuer 
will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency. This presents certain risks relating to currency 
conversions if an investor’s financial activities are denominated principally in a currency or currency unit (the 
"Investor’s Currency") other than the Specified Currency. These include the risk that exchange rates may 
significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or revaluation of the Investor’s 
Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor’s Currency may impose or modify exchange 
controls. Such risks generally depend on a number of factors, including financial, economic and political events over 
which the Issuer has no control. An appreciation in the value of the Investor’s Currency relative to the Specified 
Currency would decrease (1) the Investor’s Currency-equivalent yield on the Notes, (2) the Investor’s Currency-
equivalent value of the principal payable on the Notes and (3) the Investor’s Currency-equivalent market value of 
the Notes. 
Government and monetary or financial authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls 
that could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate, as well as the availability of the Specified Currency in which 
a Note is payable at the time of payment of interest and/or principal in respect of such Note. If this risk were to 
materialise, the Noteholders whose financial activities are carried out or dependent principally in a currency or 
currency unit other than the relevant Specified Currency could be negatively impacted. As a result, investors might 
receive less interest or principal than expected, or, at worst, no interest or principal. 
1.2 
Legal Risks 
1.2.1 
French insolvency law and EU Restructuring Directive 
The Issuer is a société anonyme with its corporate seat in France. In the event that the Issuer becomes insolvent, 
insolvency proceedings will be generally governed by the insolvency laws of France to the extent that, where 
applicable, the "centre of main interests" (as construed under Regulation (EU) 2015/848, as amended) of the Issuer 
is located in France. 
The Directive (EU) 2019/1023 on preventive restructuring frameworks, on discharge of debt and disqualifications, 
and on measures to increase the efficiency of procedures concerning restructuring, insolvency and discharge of debt 
and amending Directive (EU) 2017/1132 has been transposed into French law by the Ordonnance 2021-1193 dated 
15 September 2021. Such Ordonnance, applicable as from 1st October 2021, amends French insolvency laws notably 
with regard to the process of adoption of restructuring plans under insolvency proceedings. 
According to this Ordonnance, "affected parties" (including notably creditors, and therefore the Noteholders), as 
well as secured and unsecured receivables, shall be treated in separate classes which reflect certain class formation 
criteria for the purpose of adopting a restructuring plan. Classes shall be formed in such a way that each class 
comprises claims or interests with rights that reflect a sufficient commonality of interest based on verifiable criteria. 
As any other affected parties, holders of notes (including the Noteholders) will be grouped into one or several classes 
(with potentially other types of creditors) and their dissenting vote may possibly be overridden by a cross-class cram 
down. Holders of notes (including the Noteholders) will no longer deliberate on the proposed restructuring plan in a 
separate assembly, meaning that they do not benefit from a specific veto power on restructuring plans. These 
measures came into force on 1st October 2021 but are not applicable to proceedings pending on the day of their entry 
into force. 
The commencement of insolvency proceedings against the Issuer would have a material adverse effect on the market 
value of Notes issued by the Issuer. As a consequence, any decisions taken by a class of affected parties could 
negatively impact the Noteholders and cause them to lose all or part of their investment, should they not be able to 
recover all or part of the amounts due to them from the Issuer. 
1.2.2 
Modification of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
Subject to the provisions of the Final Terms, the Noteholders will, in respect of all Tranches in any Series, be grouped 
automatically for the defence of their common interests in a Masse, as defined in Condition 11 (Representation of 
Noteholders). The Terms and Conditions of the Notes contain provisions for Noteholders to consider matters 
affecting their interest generally to be adopted either through a general meeting (the "General Meetings") or by 
consent following a written consultation (the "Written Decisions"). The Terms and Conditions permit in certain 
cases defined majorities to bind all Noteholders including Noteholders who did not attend and vote (or were not 
represented) at the relevant General Meeting, Noteholders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority or 
Noteholders who did not consent to a Written Decision. Noteholders may be asked to decide on any proposal relating

--- Page 16 ---
16 
 
to the modification of the Terms and Conditions by way of Collective Decisions, as more fully described in Condition 
11 (Representation of Noteholders). 
While it is not possible to assess the likelihood that the Terms and Conditions will need to be amended by way of a 
Collective Decision during the life of the Notes, if it were necessary it is possible that a majority of Noteholders 
could adopt a Collective Decision that would modify the Terms and Conditions in a way that could impair or limit 
the rights of the Noteholders, for example by waiving certain rights temporarily or permanently or by amending the 
financial conditions of the Notes and reducing their yield for Noteholders. These amendments could in turn have the 
effect of reducing the market value of the Notes. 
1.2.3 
Change of law  
The conditions of the Notes are based on and governed by French law and EU rules in effect as at the date of this 
Base Prospectus. Judicial decisions or changes to French law, EU rules or their administrative practice, official 
application or interpretation may take place after the date of this Base Prospectus. Whilst it is difficult to assess the 
likelihood of any such judicial decisions or changes, if any change in law was unfavourable to the Issuer or the 
Noteholders, it could have an adverse effect on the market value of the Notes and could have negative repercussions 
on the Noteholders' investment in the Notes.  
2 
Risks relating to the structure and characteristics of a particular issue of Notes 
2.1 
Interest Rate Risks 
2.1.1 
Interest Rate Risk on Fixed Rate Notes 
Investment in Notes that pay a fixed rate of interest ("Fixed Rate Notes") involves the risk that if market interest 
rates subsequently increase above the rate paid in the Fixed Rate Notes, this may adversely affect the value of the 
Fixed Rate Notes. The Terms and Conditions of the Notes allow the Issuer to issue Fixed Rate Notes to Noteholders 
(see Condition 5(a) (Interest on Fixed Rate Notes). While the nominal interest rate of a Fixed Rate Note is specified 
in the relevant Final Terms and is determined for the term of such Note or a given period of time, the market interest 
rate (the "Market Interest Rate") typically varies on a daily basis. As the Market Interest Rate changes, the price of 
the Fixed Rate Note on the secondary market varies in the opposite direction. If the Market Interest Rate increases, 
the price of the Fixed Rate Note typically decreases, until the yield of such Fixed Rate Note equals approximately 
the Market Interest Rate. If the Market Interest Rate decreases, the price of a Fixed Rate Note typically increases, 
until the yield of such Fixed Rate Note equals approximately the Market Interest Rate. Movements of the Market 
Interest Rate are hard to anticipate and can adversely affect the price of the Notes in the secondary market. 
Movements in the Market Interest Rate could have a very significant impact on the Noteholders as selling the Notes 
during a period in which the Market Interest Rate exceeds the fixed rate of the Notes could cause the Noteholders to 
lose part of the capital they had invested. This risk is exacerbated by the fact that the Market Interest Rate typically 
varies on a daily basis, as mentioned above.   
 
2.1.2 
Investors will not be able to calculate in advance the rate of return on Floating Rate Notes. 
A key difference between Notes that bear interest at a floating rate of interest ("Floating Rate Notes") and Fixed 
Rate Notes is that interest income on Floating Rate Notes cannot be anticipated. The Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes allow the Issuer to issue Floating Rate Notes to Noteholders (see Condition 5(b) (Interest on Floating Rate 
Notes)). The floating rate of interest is comprised of a reference rate and a margin to be added or subtracted, as the 
case may be, from such base rate. Typically, the relevant margin will not change throughout the life of the Notes but 
there will be a periodic adjustment (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) of the reference rate (e.g., every three 
(3) months or six (6) months) which itself will change in accordance with general market conditions. Accordingly, 
the market value of Floating Rate Notes may be volatile if changes, particularly short term changes, to market interest 
rates evidenced by the relevant reference rate can only be reflected in the interest rate of these Notes upon the next 
periodic adjustment of the relevant reference rate. This stated volatility may have a significant adverse effect on the 
market value of the Notes. 
 
If the relevant Final Terms provide for frequent interest payment dates, investors are exposed to the reinvestment 
risk if market interest rates decline. That is, investors may reinvest the interest income paid to them only at the 
relevant lower interest rates then prevailing. 
 
2.1.3 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes 
The Terms and Conditions allow the Issuer to issue Notes ("Fixed/Floating Rate Notes") with a fixed rate of interest 
that is later converted to a floating rate of interest and vice versa (see Condition 5(c) (Fixed/Floating Rate Notes)). 
The Fixed/Floating Rate Notes bear interest at a rate that, automatically or upon decision of the Issuer at a date (the

--- Page 17 ---
17 
 
"Conversion Date") specified in the Final Terms, can be converted from a fixed rate to a floating rate or from a 
floating rate to a fixed rate. The (automatic or optional) conversion may affect the secondary market and the market 
value of the Notes as it can lead to a reduction of the total borrowing costs. If a fixed rate is converted into a floating 
rate, the rate spread between the fixed rate and the floating rate may be less in favour than the rate spreads on 
comparable Floating Rate Notes that have the same reference rate. In addition, the new floating rate may be, at any 
time, lower than the interest rates of other Notes. If a floating rate is converted into a fixed rate, the fixed rate may 
be lower than the rate(s) applicable to such Notes previously. It is difficult to anticipate future market volatility in 
interest rates, but any such volatility may have a significant adverse effect on the market value of the Notes.  
2.1.4 
Zero Coupon Notes are subject to higher price fluctuations than non-discounted bonds 
The Terms and Conditions allow the Issuer to issue zero coupon Notes ("Zero Coupon Notes") pursuant to Condition 
5(d) (Zero Coupon Notes). Changes in market interest rates have a substantially stronger impact on the prices of Zero 
Coupon Notes than on the prices of ordinary Notes because the discounted issue prices are substantially below par. 
If market interest rates increase, Zero Coupon Notes can suffer higher price losses than other Notes having the same 
maturity. Due to their leverage effect, Zero Coupon Notes are a type of investment associated with a particularly high 
price risk. It is difficult to anticipate future market volatility in interest rates, but any such volatility may have a 
significant adverse effect on the value of the Notes. 
 
2.1.5 
The regulation and reform of "benchmarks" may adversely affect the value of Notes linked to or 
referencing such "benchmarks" 
 
Pursuant to Condition 5(b)(iii)(C) (Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes), the relevant Final Terms for 
a Series of Floating Rate Notes specify that the Rate of Interest for such Notes will be determined by reference to the 
Euro Interbank Offered Rate ("EURIBOR"), the Euro Constant Maturity Swap rate ("EUR CMS") and other indices 
which are deemed to be "benchmarks". "Benchmarks" are the subject of recent national, international and other 
regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already effective while others are still to be 
implemented. These reforms may cause such benchmarks to perform differently than in the past, to disappear entirely, 
to be subject to revised calculation methods, or have other consequences which cannot be predicted. Any such 
consequence could have an adverse effect on any Notes linked to or referencing such a "benchmark". In particular, 
in 2019, the method of determination of EURIBOR was changed by its administrator, the European Money Markets 
Institute. Because of the change in method, historical trends with respect to EURIBOR may not be indicative of 
trends that might apply on the basis of the new determination method. 
 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (the "EU Benchmarks Regulation") among other things, (i) requires benchmark 
administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if non-EU-based, to be subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise 
recognised or endorsed) and (ii) prevents certain uses by EU supervised entities of benchmarks of administrators that 
are not authorised or registered (or, if non-EU based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed).  
 
In the United Kingdom, the EU Benchmarks Regulation which forms part of the UK domestic law by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA") provides similar provisions.  
The EU Benchmarks Regulation was amended by Regulation (EU) 2021/168 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 10 February 2021 published in the Official Journal of the European Union on 12 February 2021, which 
has applied since 13 February 2021 and which introduced a harmonised approach to deal with the cessation or wind-
down of certain benchmarks (such as EURIBOR and EUR CMS) by conferring the power to designate a statutory 
replacement for certain benchmarks on the Commission or the relevant national authority, such replacement being 
limited to contracts and financial instruments (such as certain Notes issued under the Programme) which contain no 
fallback provisions or no suitable fallback provisions before the date of cessation of the benchmark concerned. For 
instance, if pursuant to a fallback provision included in Condition 5(c)(iii) (Rate of Interest for Floating Rate Notes) 
a benchmark is replaced by a benchmark which no longer reflects or which significantly diverges from the underlying 
market or the economic reality that the benchmark in cessation is intended to measure, a statutory replacement of 
such benchmark may be designated. This replacement could have a negative impact on the value or liquidity of, and 
return on, certain Notes issued under the Programme linked to or referencing such benchmark and may not operate 
as intended at the relevant time or may perform differently from the discontinued or otherwise unavailable 
benchmark. However, there are still some uncertainties as to the application of these regulatory provisions as 
implementing acts must be adopted. In addition, the transitional provisions applicable to third-country benchmarks 
are extended until the end of 2023. The Commission is empowered to further extend this period until the end of 2025, 
if necessary. 
 
Notwithstanding the provisions of Condition 5(b)(iii)(C)(5) (Benchmark discontinuation) which seek to offset any 
adverse effects for the Noteholders, the EU Benchmarks Regulation or the EU Benchmarks Regulation as it forms

--- Page 18 ---
18 
 
part of UK domestic law in accordance with the EUWA could have a material impact on the market value and return 
of any Notes linked to a rate or index deemed to be a "benchmark", including in any of the following circumstances: 
 
(i) 
an index which is a "benchmark" could not be used by a supervised entity in certain ways if its 
administrator does not obtain authorisation or registration or, if based in a non-EU jurisdiction or in a 
non-United Kingdom jurisdiction, the administrator is not recognised as equivalent or recognised or 
endorsed and the transitional provisions do not apply; and 
 
(ii) 
the methodology or other terms of the "benchmark" could be changed in order to comply with the 
requirements of the EU Benchmarks Regulation, or the EU Benchmarks Regulation as it forms part of 
UK domestic law in accordance with the EUWA and such changes could, among other things, have the 
effect of reducing or increasing the rate or level or otherwise affecting the volatility of the published 
rate or level of the "benchmark". 
 
More broadly, any of the international, national or other proposals for reform, or the general increased regulatory 
scrutiny of "benchmarks", could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting 
of a "benchmark" and complying with any such regulations or requirements. 
 
Such factors may have the following effects on certain "benchmarks" (including EURIBOR and EUR CMS): (i) 
discourage market participants from continuing to administer or contribute to such "benchmarks"; (ii) trigger changes 
in the rules or methodologies used in certain "benchmarks" or (iii) lead to the disappearance of certain "benchmarks". 
Any of the above changes or any other consequential changes as a result of international, national or other proposals 
for reform or other initiatives or investigations, could have an adverse effect on the value of and return on any Notes 
linked to a "benchmark". 
 
If a benchmark were discontinued or otherwise unavailable, the rate of interest on Notes which are linked to such 
benchmark will be determined for the relevant period by the fall-back provisions applicable to such Notes. However, 
such fallback provisions may be deviated from if deemed unsuitable by the Commission or the relevant national 
authority, as further explained above. Depending on the manner in which a benchmark is to be determined under the 
Terms and Conditions, this may (i) if ISDA Determination or FBF Determination applies pursuant to Condition 
5(b)(iii)(A) (ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes) or Condition 5(b)(iii)(B) (FBF Determination for 
Floating Rate Notes) respectively, be relying upon the provision by reference banks of offered quotations for the 
relevant benchmark which, depending on market circumstances, may not be available at the relevant time or (ii) if 
Screen Rate Determination applies pursuant to Condition 5(b)(iii)(C) (Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate 
Notes), result in the effective application of a fixed rate based on the rate which applied for the immediately preceding 
Interest Period for which the benchmark was available. Any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on 
the market value or liquidity of, and return on, any Notes linked to a "benchmark". 
 
Although EURIBOR has been reformed in order to comply with the terms of the Benchmark Regulation, it remains 
uncertain as to how long it will continue in its current form, or whether it will be further reformed or replaced with 
an alternative benchmark. 
 
2.1.6 
The occurrence of a Benchmark Event could have an adverse effect on the value of and return on any 
Notes linked to or referencing such "benchmarks"  
 
Condition 5(b)(iii)(C)(5) (Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes) provides for certain fallback 
arrangements in the event that a Benchmark Event occurs, including if an inter-bank offered rate (such as EURIBOR 
and EUR CMS) or other relevant reference rate, and/or any page on which such benchmark may be published, 
becomes unavailable, or if the Issuer, the Calculation Agent, any Paying Agent or any other party responsible for the 
calculation of the Rate of Interest (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) are no longer permitted lawfully to 
calculate interest on any Notes by reference to such benchmark under the EU Benchmarks Regulation or otherwise. 
Such fallback arrangements include the possibility that the rate of interest could be set by reference to a Successor 
Rate or an Alternative Rate (both as defined in Condition 5(b)(iii)(C)(5)) (Screen Rate Determination for Floating 
Rate Notes), and may include amendments to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes to ensure the proper operation 
of the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate, all as determined by the Independent Adviser and without the consent of 
the Noteholders. 
 
In certain circumstances, and as specified in Condition 5(b)(iii)(C)(3) (Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate 
Notes), including (i) where no Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable) is determined, (ii) due to uncertainty 
relating to the availability of a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as the case may be), or (iii) if the Issuer is unable 
to appoint an Independent Adviser or, if an Independent Adviser is appointed, such Independent Adviser is unable to

--- Page 19 ---
19 
 
act, the fallback rules may not apply as expected at the relevant time. In such a scenario, alternative fallback rules 
may be applied, resulting in the rate of interest for such Interest Period being based on the rate which applied for the 
immediately preceding Interest Period (as indicated in the relevant Final Terms), as set out in the risk factor entitled 
"The regulation and reform of "benchmarks" may adversely affect the value of Notes linked to or referencing such 
"benchmarks" above).  
 
It is possible that, in the event that a Benchmark Event occurs, it will take some time before a clear successor rate or 
alternative rate is established in the market. Accordingly, Condition 5(b)(iii)(C)(5) provides as a further fallback that, 
following the designation of a Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate, if the Independent Adviser determines that the 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate is no longer substantially comparable to the Original Reference Rate or does not 
constitute an industry accepted successor rate, the Issuer shall appoint or re-appoint an Independent Adviser for the 
purpose of confirming the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable) or determining a replacement Successor 
Rate or Alternative Rate in accordance with Condition 5(b)(iii)(C)(5). If the Independent Adviser is unable to or 
otherwise does not determine a replacement Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable), then the previously-
designated Successor Rate or Alternative Rate will remain unchanged despite the fact that it may no longer be 
substantially comparable to the Original Reference Rate or that it may no longer constitute an industry accepted rate, 
which may have an adverse effect on the market value and yield of the Notes. 
 
The Successor Rate or Alternative Rate may have no or a very limited trading history and accordingly its general 
evolution and/or interaction with other relevant market forces or elements may be difficult to determine or measure. 
In addition, given the uncertainty concerning the availability of successor or alternative rates and the involvement of 
an Independent Adviser, the relevant fallback provisions may not operate as intended at the relevant time and the 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate may perform differently from the discontinued Original Reference Rate. 
 
Any Adjustment Spread applied to any Series of Floating Rate Notes may not adequately compensate for this impact. 
Any such adjustment could have unexpected consequences, due to the particular circumstances of each Noteholder 
and any such adjustment may not be favourable to each Noteholder. This could have quite an adverse impact on the 
rate of interest on, and trading value of, the affected Floating Rate Notes. Moreover, any holders of such Floating 
Rate Notes that enter into hedging instruments based on the Original Reference Rate may find their hedges to be 
ineffective, and they may incur costs in unwinding such hedges and replacing them with instruments tied to the 
successor or alternative rate. 
 
Any such consequences could have an adverse effect on the liquidity and value of, and return on, any such Floating 
Rate Notes linked to or referencing such "benchmarks" because the occurrence of a Benchmark Event could result 
in a loss of a portion of the principal amount invested in the relevant Floating Rate Notes. 
 
2.2 Risk related to the issue of Notes with a specific use of proceeds, such as "Green Bonds"  
 
As described in the section entitled "Use of Proceeds" of this Base Prospectus, the net proceeds of certain issuances 
of Notes may provide that it will be the Issuer’s intention to issue "green bonds" (the "Green Bonds") and may be 
applied to finance and/or refinance, in whole or in part, Eligible Green Assets, as defined below and as further 
described in the Issuer’s green bond framework (as amended, supplemented and/or replaced from time to time, the 
"Green 
Bond 
Framework"), 
which 
is 
available 
on 
the 
website 
of 
the 
Issuer 
(https://www.carmila.com/en/finance/green-bond/), as completed or specified in the relevant Final Terms.  
 
Prospective investors should have regard to the information set out in the "Use of Proceeds" section of this Base 
Prospectus and must determine for themselves the relevance of such information for the purpose of any investment 
in the Green Bonds together with any other investigation such investor deems necessary. The use of such proceeds 
to finance and/or refinance the Eligible Green Assets (as defined in the section "Use of Proceeds") may not satisfy, 
whether in whole or in part, any present or future investor expectations or requirements as regards any investment 
criteria or guidelines, with which such investor or its investments are required to comply, whether by any present or 
future applicable laws or regulations or by its own by-laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates 
in particular with regard to any environmental, sustainability or social impact of any projects or uses, the subject of 
or related to, the Eligible Green Assets or that any adverse environmental, social and/or other impacts will not occur 
during the implementation of the Eligible Green Assets.  
 
The definition (legal, regulatory or otherwise) of, and market consensus for a particular project to be defined as, a 
"green" or equivalently labelled project is still under development. On 18 June 2020, Regulation (EU) No. 2020/852 
on the establishment of a framework to facilitate sustainable investment was adopted by the Council and the European 
Parliament (the "Taxonomy Regulation"). The Taxonomy Regulation establishes a single EU-wide classification 
system, or "taxonomy", which provides companies and investors with a common language for determining which

--- Page 20 ---
20 
 
economic activities can be considered environmentally sustainable. The Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 
2021/2139 of 4 June 2021 establishing the technical screening criteria for determining which economic activities can 
be considered as contributing substantially to climate change mitigation or climate change adaptation and for 
determining whether that economic activity causes no significant harm to any of the other environmental objectives 
entered into force on 1 January 2022. However, the Taxonomy Regulation or the Commission Delegated Regulation 
specified above remain subject to further developments with regard to other specific economic activities.  
 
As a result, the definition of a "green" project or equivalently labelled project is now set for objectives related to 
climate change mitigation or adaptation, specifying the criteria required by a particular project to qualify as a "green" 
project, unless it is related to an economic activity identified in the course of finalisation. However, there is currently 
no clear definition (legal, regulatory or otherwise) and the Eligible Green Assets or use(s) the subject of, or related 
to, the Eligible Green Assets may not meet the criteria set by Taxonomy Regulation, or meet any or all investor 
expectations regarding such "green" or other equivalently-labelled performance objectives.  
 
While it is the intention of the Issuer to apply the proceeds of any Green Bonds so specified in, or substantially in, 
the manner described in "Use of Proceeds", the Eligible Green Assets or use(s) the subject of, or related to, the 
Eligible Green Assets may not be capable of being implemented in or substantially in such manner and/or in 
accordance with any timing schedule that is contemplated in the Green Bond Framework. The Eligible Green Assets 
may not be completed within any specified period or at all or with the results or outcome (whether or not related to 
the environment) as originally expected or anticipated by the Issuer. Any such event or failure by the Issuer will not 
constitute an Event of Default under the Green Bonds or a default of the Issuer for any purpose. Besides, in the event 
any Green Bonds are, or are intended to be, listed, or admitted to trading on a dedicated "green", or other equivalently-
labelled segment of a stock exchange or securities market, such listing or admission may not be obtained or 
maintained for the lifetime of such Green Bonds. Any such event or failure to apply the proceeds of the issue of such 
Green Bonds for the Eligible Green Assets as aforesaid and/or withdrawal of any opinion or certification given by 
any third party (whether or not solicited by the Issuer) or any such opinion or certification attesting that the Issuer is 
not complying in whole or in part with any matters for which such opinion or certification is opining or certifying 
may have a material adverse effect on the value of such Notes and also potentially the value of any other Notes which 
are intended to finance such projects and/or result in adverse consequences for certain investors with portfolio 
mandates to invest in securities to be used for a particular purpose and, consequently, Noteholders could be adversely 
affected. 
 
2.3 
Early Redemption Risks 
2.3.1 
The Notes may be redeemed prior to maturity for taxation reasons 
In the event that the Issuer would be obliged to increase the amounts payable in respect of any Notes or Coupons 
pursuant to Condition 8(b) (Additional Amounts), due to any withholding or deduction for or on account of, any 
present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, 
withheld or assessed by or on behalf of France or a political subdivision thereof or any authority therein or thereof 
having power to tax, the Issuer may redeem all outstanding Notes in accordance with Condition 6(c) (Redemption 
for Taxation Reasons). Such early redemption would be at the Early Redemption Amount of such Notes, which in 
almost all cases would be their principal amount. Whilst it is not possible to anticipate the likelihood of any change 
requiring the Issuer to be obliged to increase the amounts payable pursuant to Condition 8(b) (Additional Amounts), 
nor whether the Issuer would exercise its early redemption option as a result, any such exercise may have a very 
significant impact on the Noteholders. As a result of such early redemption the yields received upon redemption may 
be lower than expected, and the redemption price of the Notes may be lower than the purchase price for the Notes 
paid by the Noteholder. As a result, part of the capital invested by the Noteholder may be lost, so that the Noteholder 
in such circumstances would not receive the total amount of the capital invested. 
2.3.2 
Any early redemption at the option of the Issuer, if provided for in any Final Terms for a particular issue 
of Notes, could cause the yield received by Noteholders to be considerably less than anticipated. 
The Final Terms for a particular issue of Notes may provide for early redemption at the option of the Issuer including 
a Redemption at the Option of the Issuer as described in Condition 6(d) (Redemption at the Option of the Issuer), a 
Residual Maturity Call Option by the Issuer as described in Condition 6(e) (Residual Maturity Call Option by the 
Issuer), a Squeeze-out Call Option as described in Condition 6(f) (Squeeze-out Call Option) or an Optional Make-
Whole Redemption by the Issuer as described in Condition 6(g) (Optional Make-Whole Redemption by the Issuer). 
As a result and only in the event that the Issuer decided to exercise any of the above options activated in the relevant 
Final Terms, the yields received upon redemption may be lower than expected, and the redemption price of the Notes 
may be lower than the purchase price for the Notes paid by the Noteholder. In such circumstances, part of the capital 
invested by the Noteholder may be lost, so that the Noteholder would not receive the total amount of the capital

--- Page 21 ---
21 
 
invested. Furthermore, investors that choose to reinvest monies they receive through an early redemption may be 
able to do so only in securities with a lower yield than the redeemed Notes. 
The above factors mean that the very existence of these early redemption options in a particular Series of Notes could 
limit the market value of such Notes.  
In addition, if a Residual Maturity Call Option (in accordance with Condition 6(e) (Residual Maturity Call Option 
by the Issuer)), is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, and if the Issuer decides to redeem the Notes pursuant 
to the Optional Make-whole Redemption (in accordance with Condition 6(g) (Optional Make-Whole Redemption by 
the Issuer)) before the Initial Residual Maturity Call Option Date (as specified in the relevant Final Terms), the 
calculation of the Optional Make-whole Redemption Amount in respect of the Optional Make-whole Redemption 
will be calculated by reference to the relevant Initial Residual Maturity Call Option Date rather than the relevant 
Maturity Date and, for the avoidance of doubt, the last remaining scheduled payment of interest shall be deemed to 
fall on the Initial Residual Maturity Call Option Date (rather than the relevant Maturity Date) which would result in 
a reduced rate of return on the Notes than a Noteholder would have otherwise received pursuant to the Optional 
Make-whole Redemption Amount calculated pursuant to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes for Series of Notes 
where a Residual Maturity Call Option has not been specified. 
In particular, with respect to the Squeeze-out Call Option (Condition 6(f) (Squeeze-out Call Option)), there is no 
obligation on the Issuer to inform investors if and when the Minimum Percentage (as defined in the relevant Final 
Terms) has been reached or is about to be reached, and the Issuer’s right to redeem will exist notwithstanding that 
immediately prior to the serving of a notice in respect of the exercise of the Squeeze-out Call Option the Notes may 
have been trading significantly above par, thus potentially resulting in a loss of capital invested or lower than expected 
returns. 
2.3.3 
An early redemption of part of a Series of Notes may affect the liquidity of the Notes of the same Series 
in respect of which such option is not exercised 
Depending on the number of Notes of the same Series in respect of which a partial redemption is made, either at the 
option of the Issuer provided in Conditions 6(d) (Redemption at the Option of the Issuer) or 6(g) (Optional Make-
Whole Redemption by the Issuer) or at the option of the Noteholders provided in Conditions 6(h) (Redemption at the 
Option of the Noteholders), Condition 6(i) (Redemption at the Option of the Noteholders following a Change of 
Control) or following an event of default (as provided in Condition 10 (Events of Default)), any trading market in 
respect of those Notes in respect of which such option is not exercised may become less liquid or illiquid which, 
depending on the extent of the illiquidity, may have a direct and adverse impact on any remaining Noteholders 
seeking to dispose of their Notes. In addition, investors may not be able to reinvest the moneys they receive upon 
such early redemption in securities with the same yield as the redeemed Notes.

--- Page 22 ---
22 
 
IMPORTANT NOTICES 
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors 
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors. Each potential investor in the Notes must determine the 
suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances. In particular, each potential investor should: 
(i) 
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the merits and 
risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained or incorporated by reference in this 
Prospectus or any applicable supplement; 
(ii) 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its particular 
financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact the Notes will have on its overall 
investment portfolio; 
(iii) 
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Notes, 
including where the currency for principal or interest payments is different from the potential investor's 
currency or where the currency for principal or interest payments is different from the currency in which 
such potential investor’s financial activities are principally denominated; 
(iv) 
understand thoroughly the terms of the Notes and be familiar with the behaviour of any relevant financial 
markets; and 
(v) 
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for economic, 
interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
Credit ratings  
One or more independent rating agencies may assign ratings to the Notes and/or the Issuer. The ratings may not 
reflect the potential risk related to the structure, market, additional factors discussed in this section, and other factors 
that may affect the value of the Notes or the standing of the Issuer. A credit rating and/or a corporate rating is not a 
recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised or withdrawn by the rating agency at any time. 
Taxation  
Potential purchasers and sellers of the Notes may be required to pay taxes or documentary charges or duties in 
accordance with the laws and practices of the jurisdiction where the Notes are transferred or other jurisdictions. In 
some jurisdictions, no official statements of the tax authorities or court decisions may be available for financial 
instruments such as the Notes. Potential investors are advised not to rely upon the tax overview contained in this 
Base Prospectus but to ask for their own tax adviser’s advice on their individual taxation with respect to the 
acquisition, holding, disposal and redemption of the Notes. Only these advisers are in a position to duly consider the 
specific situation of the potential investor.  
Notes issued as Green Bonds  
None of the Dealers accepts any responsibility for any social, environmental and sustainability assessment of any 
Notes issued as Green Bonds or makes any representation or warranty or assurance whether such Notes will meet 
any investor expectations or requirements regarding such "green" or similar labels. None of the Dealers is responsible 
for the use of proceeds for any Notes issued as Green Bonds, nor the impact or monitoring of such use of proceeds. 
In addition, none of the Dealers have conducted any due diligence on the Issuer's Green Bond Framework (as defined 
in the "Use of Proceeds" below). 
Sustainalytics has issued an independent opinion, dated 10 October 2022, on the Issuer's Green Bond Framework 
(the "Second Party Opinion"). The Second Party Opinion provides an opinion on certain environmental and related 
considerations and is not intended to address any credit, market or other aspects of an investment in any Notes, 
including without limitation market price, marketability, investor preference or suitability of any security. The Second 
Party Opinion is a statement of opinion, not a statement of fact. No representation or assurance is given by the Dealers 
as to the suitability or reliability of the Second Party Opinion or any opinion or certification of any third party made 
available in connection with an issue of Notes issued as Green Bonds. The Second Party Opinion and any other such 
opinion or certification is not, nor should be deemed to be, a recommendation by the Dealers, or any other person to 
buy, sell or hold any Notes and is current only as of the date it is issued. The criteria and/or considerations that formed 
the basis of the Second Party Opinion or any such other opinion or certification may change at any time and the 
Second Party Opinion may be amended, updated, supplemented, replaced and/or withdrawn. Potential investors must 
determine for themselves the relevance of any such opinion or certification and/or the information contained therein.     
The Issuer's Green Bond Framework may also be subject to review and change and may be amended, updated, 
supplemented, replaced and/or withdrawn from time to time and any subsequent version(s) may differ from any

--- Page 23 ---
23 
 
description given in this Base Prospectus. The Issuer's Green Bond Framework, the Second Party Opinion and any 
other such opinion or certification does not form part of, nor is incorporated by reference in, this Base Prospectus.   
In the event any such Notes are, or are intended to be, listed, or admitted to trading on a dedicated "green" or other 
equivalently-labelled segment of a stock exchange or securities market, no representation or assurance is given by 
the Dealers that such listing or admission will be obtained or maintained for the lifetime of the Notes.

--- Page 24 ---
24 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
This Base Prospectus should be read and construed in conjunction with the following documents which have been 
filed with the AMF for the purpose of the EU Prospectus Regulation and shall be deemed to be incorporated by 
reference in, and to form part of, this Base Prospectus:  
(a) 
the French language press release published by the Issuer on 20 October 2022 on its unaudited financial 
information for the three months ended 30 September 2022 (the "2022 Third Quarter Financial 
Information") 
 
(b) 
the sections identified in the cross reference table below of the Issuer's half-year financial report for 2022 
in the French language of the Issuer, which includes the unaudited condensed consolidated financial 
statements for the six-month period ended 30 June 2022 and the limited review report of the statutory 
auditors thereon (the "2022 Half Year Financial Report"); 
 
(c) 
the sections identified in the cross-reference table below of the 2021 universal registration document of the 
Issuer in the French language filed with the AMF under no. D.22-0253 on 7 April 2022 and which includes 
the audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer for the year ended 31 December 2021 and the 
report of the statutory auditors thereon (the "2021 Universal Registration Document"); 
(d) 
the sections identified in the cross reference table below of the 2020 universal registration document of the 
Issuer in the French language of the Issuer filed with the AMF under no. D.21-0256 on 6 April 2021 and 
which includes the audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer for the year ended 31 December 
2020 and the report of the statutory auditors thereon (the "2020 Universal Registration Document");  
(e) 
the section "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" (the "2019 Conditions") of the base prospectus dated 17 
July 2019 which received approval no. 19-364 from the AMF on 17 July 2019 (the "2019 Base 
Prospectus"); 
(f) 
the section "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" (the "2020 Conditions") of the base prospectus dated 5 
August 2020 which received approval no. 20-381 from the AMF on 5 August 2020 (the "2020 Base 
Prospectus"), 
 
save that any statement contained in a document which is incorporated by reference herein shall be deemed to be 
modified or superseded for the purpose of this Base Prospectus to the extent that a statement contained herein 
modifies or supersedes such earlier statement (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise). Any statement so 
modified or superseded shall not be deemed, except as so modified or superseded, to constitute a part of this Base 
Prospectus. 
This Base Prospectus, any supplement to the Base Prospectus and all documents incorporated by reference into this 
Base Prospectus may be obtained, free of charge on the website of the Issuer (www.carmila.com/en/finance/emtn-
programme). Provision of such documents does not constitute a representation that such documents have not been 
modified or superseded in whole or in part as specified above. The Base Prospectus and any supplement to the Base 
Prospectus will also be available on the website of the AMF (www.amf-france.org). 
The Final Terms related to Notes admitted to trading on Euronext Paris will be published on the websites of (x) the 
AMF (www.amf-france.org) and (y) the Issuer (www.carmila.com/en/finance/emtn-programme). If the Notes are 
admitted to trading on a Regulated Market other than Euronext Paris, the relevant Final Terms will provide whether 
additional methods of publication are required and what they consist of.  
Other than in relation to the documents which are deemed to be incorporated by reference, the information on the 
websites to which this Base Prospectus (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any information on the websites which 
appear in the documents incorporated by reference) refers does not form part of this Base Prospectus and has not 
been scrutinised or approved by the AMF. 
For the purposes of the EU Prospectus Regulation, the information incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus 
is set out in the cross-reference table below. Where only certain parts of the documents incorporated by reference are 
incorporated by reference, the non-incorporated parts are either not relevant for investors or contained elsewhere in 
this Base Prospectus.  
 
Any information not listed in the cross-reference table below, but included in the documents listed above is given 
for information purposes only and is not incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 25 ---
25 
 
The information requested to be disclosed by the Issuer as a result of Annex 7 of the Commission Delegated 
Regulation (EU) 2019/980 supplementing the EU Prospectus Regulation is available as follows: 
 
 
Cross-reference list in respect of information incorporated by reference 
Annex 7 of the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 of 14 March 2019 
Registration document for wholesale non-equity securities 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
RELEVANT DOCUMENT AND 
PAGES IN THE RELEVANT 
DOCUMENT 
3. RISK FACTORS 
 
3.1 A description of the material risks that are specific to the issuer and 
that may affect the issuer’s ability to fulfil its obligations under the 
securities, in a limited number of categories, in a section headed ‘Risk 
Factors’. In each category the most material risks, in the assessment of the 
issuer, offeror or person asking for admission to trading on a regulated 
market, taking into account the negative impact on the issuer and the 
probability of their occurrence, shall be set out first. The risk factors shall 
be corroborated by the content of the registration document. 
2022 Half Year Financial Report: 
Pages 71 and 72 
2021 
Universal 
Registration 
Document: Pages 90-103 
4. INFORMATION ABOUT THE ISSUER 
 
4.1 History and development of the Issuer 
 
4.1.1 The legal and commercial name of the issuer 
2021 
Universal 
Registration 
Document: Page 292 
4.1.2 The place of registration of the issuer, its registration number and 
legal entity identifier (‘LEI’) 
2021 
Universal 
Registration 
Document: Page 292 
4.1.3 The date of incorporation and the length of life of the issuer, except 
where the period is indefinite 
2021 
Universal 
Registration 
Document: Page 292 
4.1.4 The domicile and legal form of the issuer, the legislation under which 
the issuer operates, its country of incorporation, the address, telephone 
number of its registered office (or principal place of business if different 
from its registered office) and website of the issuer, if any, with a 
disclaimer that the information on the website does not form part of the 
prospectus unless that information is incorporated by reference into the 
prospectus 
2021 
Universal 
Registration 
Document: Page 292 
4.1.5 Any recent events particular to the issuer and which are to a material 
extent relevant to an evaluation of the issuer’s solvency. 
2022 
Third 
Quarter 
Financial 
Information: Pages 1 to 4 
2022 Half Year Financial Report: 
Pages 12 to 13 and 52 
5. BUSINESS OVERVIEW 
 
5.1 Principal activities 
 
5.1.1 A brief description of the issuer’s principal activities stating the main 
categories of products sold and/or services performed 
2021 
Universal 
Registration 
Document: Pages 48-59 
5.1.2 The basis for any statements made by the issuer regarding its 
competitive position 
2021 
Universal 
Registration 
Document: Page 15 
6. ORGANISATIONAL STRUCTURE 
 
6.1 If the issuer is part of a group, a brief description of the group and the 
issuer’s position within the group. This may be in the form of, or 
2021 
Universal 
Registration 
Document: Pages 84-87

--- Page 26 ---
26 
 
accompanied by, a diagram of the organisational structure if this helps to 
clarify the structure 
7. TREND INFORMATION  
 
7.1 A description of:  
(a) any material adverse change in the prospects of the issuer since the 
date of its last published audited financial statements; and  
(b) any significant change in the financial performance of the group since 
the end of the last financial period for which financial information has 
been published to the date of the registration document. 
Not applicable 
9. ADMINISTRATIVE, MANAGEMENT, AND SUPERVISORY 
BODIES 
 
9.1 Names, business addresses and functions within the issuer of the 
following persons and an indication of the principal activities performed 
by them outside of that issuer where these are significant with respect to 
that issuer:  
(a) members of the administrative, management or supervisory bodies;  
(b) partners with unlimited liability, in the case of a limited partnership 
with a share capital 
2021 
Universal 
Registration 
Document: Pages 164, 168-182 
 
10. MAJOR SHAREHOLDERS 
 
10.1 To the extent known to the issuer, state whether the issuer is directly 
or indirectly owned or controlled and by whom and describe the nature of 
such control and describe the measures in place to ensure that such control 
is not abused 
2021 
Universal 
Registration 
Document: Page 284 
 
10.2 A description of any arrangements, known to the issuer, the operation 
of which may at a subsequent date result in a change in control of the 
issuer 
2021 
Universal 
Registration 
Document: Page 289 
 
11. FINANCIAL INFORMATION CONCERNING THE ISSUER’S 
ASSETS AND LIABILITIES, FINANCIAL POSITION AND 
PROFITS AND LOSSES 
 
11.1 Historical financial information 
 
11.1.1 Historical financial information covering the latest two financial 
years (at least 24 months) or such shorter period as the issuer has been in 
operation and the audit report in respect of each year 
2022 Half Year Financial Report: 
Pages 48 to 96 (unaudited) and pages 
96 to 98 
2021 
Universal 
Registration 
Document: Pages 208-253 
2020 
Universal 
Registration 
Document: Pages 218-263 
11.1.3 Accounting standard   
2022 Half Year Financial Report: 
Pages 54-56  
2021 
Universal 
Registration 
Document: Pages 214-215 
2020 
Universal 
Registration 
Document: Pages 225-226 
11.1.5 Consolidated financial statements  
If the issuer prepares both stand-alone and consolidated financial 
statements, include at least the consolidated financial statements in the 
registration document 
2021 
Universal 
Registration 
Document: Pages 208-253 
2020 
Universal 
Registration 
Document: Pages 218-263

--- Page 27 ---
27 
 
11.1.6 Age of financial information  
The balance sheet date of the last year of audited financial information 
may not be older than 18 months from the date of the registration 
document 
2021 
Universal 
Registration 
Document: Page 208 
 
 
11.2 Auditing of Historical financial information 
 
11.2.1 A statement that the historical annual financial information has been 
audited 
2021 
Universal 
Registration 
Document: Pages 251-253 
2020 
Universal 
Registration 
Document: Pages 261-263 
11.2.1a Where audit reports on the historical financial information have 
been refused by the statutory auditors or where they contain qualifications, 
modifications of opinion, disclaimers or an emphasis of matter, the reason 
must be given, and such qualifications, modifications, disclaimers or 
emphasis of matter must be reproduced in full. 
Not applicable 
11.3 Legal and arbitration proceedings 
 
11.3.1 Information on any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings 
(including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which 
the issuer is aware), during a period covering at least the previous 12 
months which may have, or have had in the recent past significant effects 
on the issuer and/or group’s financial position or profitability, or provide 
an appropriate negative statement. 
2021 
Universal 
Registration 
Document: Page 108 
 
11.4. Significant change in the issuer’s financial position 
 
11.4.1 A description of any significant change in the financial position of 
the group which has occurred since the end of the last financial period for 
which either audited financial information or interim financial information 
have been published, or provide an appropriate statement that no such 
proceedings exist. 
2022 Half Year Financial Report: 
Page 94 
12. MATERIAL CONTRACTS  
 
12.1 A brief summary of all material contracts that are not entered into in 
the ordinary course of the issuer's business, which could result in any 
group member being under an obligation or entitlement that is material to 
the issuer's ability to meet its obligations to security holders in respect of 
the securities being issued. 
2021 
Universal 
Registration 
Document: Pages 108 
 
 
 
The 2019 Conditions and the 2020 Conditions are incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus for the purpose 
only of further issues of Notes to be assimilated (assimilées) and form a single series with notes already issued under 
the 2019 Base Prospectus or the 2020 Base Prospectus. Non-incorporated parts of the 2019 Base Prospectus or the 
2020 Base Prospectus are not relevant for investors. 
 
EMTN previous conditions 
2019 Conditions  
Pages 25 to 60 
2020 Conditions 
Pages 27 to 60

--- Page 28 ---
28 
 
SUPPLEMENT TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS 
If at any time the Issuer shall be required to prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus pursuant to Article 23 
of the Prospectus Regulation and Article 18 of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/979, as amended, 
the Issuer will prepare and make available an appropriate amendment or supplement to this Base Prospectus or 
a further Base Prospectus which, in respect of any subsequent issue of Notes to be admitted to trading on 
Euronext Paris or on a Regulated Market shall constitute a supplement to the Base Prospectus as required by 
Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation and Article 18 of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/979, 
as amended, and shall supply the Arranger with such number of copies of such supplement hereto as the 
Arranger may reasonably request. 
The Issuer has given an undertaking to the Arranger that if at any time during the duration of the Programme 
there is a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy relating to information contained in 
this Base Prospectus which may affect the assessment of any Notes and whose inclusion in or removal from 
this Base Prospectus is necessary, for the purpose of allowing an investor for making an informed assessment 
of the assets and liabilities, financial position, profits and losses and prospects of the Issuer and the Group, the 
rights attaching to the Notes, the Issuer shall prepare an amendment or supplement to this Base Prospectus or 
publish a replacement Base Prospectus for use in connection with any subsequent admission to trading on a 
regulated market, and shall supply the Arranger with such number of copies of such supplement hereto as the 
Arranger may reasonably request.  
This Base Prospectus is valid until 8 November 2023. The obligation to supplement the Base Prospectus in the 
event of a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply when the Base 
Prospectus is no longer valid.

--- Page 29 ---
29 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions that, subject to completion in accordance with the provisions of 
the relevant Final Terms (as defined below), shall be applicable to the Notes. 
In the case of Dematerialised Notes, the text of the terms and conditions will not be endorsed on physical documents 
of title but will be constituted by the following text as completed by the relevant Final Terms. In the case of 
Materialised Notes, either (i) the full text of these terms and conditions together with the relevant provisions of the 
Final Terms or (ii) these terms and conditions as so completed (and subject to simplification by the deletion of non-
applicable provisions), shall be endorsed on Definitive Materialised Notes. All capitalised terms that are not defined 
in these Conditions (as defined below) will have the meanings given to them in the relevant Final Terms. References 
in the Conditions to "Notes" are to the Notes of one Series only, not to all Notes that may be issued under the 
Programme. 
The Notes are issued by Carmila (the "Issuer") in series (each a "Series") having one or more issue dates and on 
terms otherwise identical (or identical other than in respect of the first payment of interest, issue price and nominal 
amount of the Tranche), the Notes of each Series being intended to be interchangeable with all other Notes of that 
Series. Each Series may be issued in tranches (each a "Tranche") on the same or different issue dates. The specific 
terms of each Tranche (which, save in respect of the issue date, issue price, first payment of interest and nominal 
amount of the Tranche, will be identical to the terms of other Tranches of the same Series) will be set out in the Final 
Terms of such Tranche (the "Final Terms"). 
The Notes are issued with the benefit of an amended and restated agency agreement dated 8 November 2022 between 
the Issuer and Société Générale Securities Services as fiscal agent and the other agents named in it (the "Agency 
Agreement"). The fiscal agent, the paying agents and the calculation agent(s) for the time being (if any) are referred 
to below respectively as the "Fiscal Agent", the "Paying Agents" (which expression shall include the Fiscal Agent) 
and the "Calculation Agent(s)". 
 
For the purpose of these Conditions, "Regulated Market" means any regulated market situated in a Member State 
of the European Economic Area ("EEA") as defined in the Directive 2014/65/EU on markets in financial instruments, 
as amended and "Group" means the Issuer and its consolidated subsidiaries taken as a whole. 
References below to "Conditions" are, unless the context requires otherwise, to the numbered paragraphs below. 
In these Conditions, unless otherwise specified or the context otherwise requires, references below to "day" or "days" 
mean a calendar day. 
1. 
Form, Denomination and Title 
(a) 
Form: Notes may be issued either in dematerialised form ("Dematerialised Notes") or in 
materialised form ("Materialised Notes"), as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(i) 
Title to Dematerialised Notes will be evidenced in accordance with Articles L.211-3 et 
seq. and R.211-1 et seq. of the French Code monétaire et financier (the "Code") by book 
entries (inscriptions en compte). No physical document of title (including certificats 
représentatifs pursuant to Article R.211-7 of the Code) will be issued in respect of the 
Dematerialised Notes. 
Dematerialised Notes are issued, at the option of the Issuer, in either bearer dematerialised 
form (au porteur), which will be inscribed in the books of Euroclear France ("Euroclear 
France", acting as central depository) which shall credit the accounts of Account Holders 
(as defined below), or in registered dematerialised form (au nominatif) and, in such latter 
case, at the option of the relevant Noteholder in either administered registered form (au 
nominatif administré) inscribed in the books of an Account Holder or in fully registered 
form (au nominatif pur) inscribed in an account in the books of Euroclear France 
maintained by the Issuer or the registration agent (designated in the relevant Final Terms) 
acting on behalf of the Issuer (the "Registration Agent"). 
Unless this option is expressly excluded in the relevant Final Terms in accordance with 
the provisions of Article L.228-2 of the French Code de commerce, the Issuer may at any 
time request from the central depositary the following identification information of the 
holders of Dematerialised Notes in bearer form (au porteur): the name or the company 
name, nationality, date of birth or year of incorporation and mail address or, as the case 
may be, e-mail address as well as the quantity of Notes held by each of them and any 
restrictions applicable to the Notes.

--- Page 30 ---
30 
 
For the purpose of these Conditions, "Account Holder" means any authorised financial 
intermediary institution entitled, either directly or indirectly, to hold accounts on behalf of 
its customers with Euroclear France, and includes Euroclear Bank SA/NV, as operator of 
the Euroclear System ("Euroclear") and the depositary bank for Clearstream Banking, 
S.A. ("Clearstream"). 
(ii) 
Materialised Notes are issued in bearer form only. Materialised Notes are serially 
numbered and are issued with coupons (the "Coupons") (and, where appropriate, a talon 
(the "Talon")) attached, save in the case of Zero Coupon Notes in which case references 
to interest (other than in relation to interest due after the Maturity Date), Coupons and 
Talons in these Conditions are not applicable.  
In these Conditions, if Talons are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being attached 
to the Notes at the time of issue, references to Coupons shall be deemed to include 
references to Talons. If Talons are not specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
attached to the Notes at the time of issue, references to Talons are not applicable. For the 
avoidance of doubt, references to Coupons, Couponholders, Talons and holders of Talons 
are not applicable to Dematerialised Notes.  
In accordance with Articles L.211-3 et seq. and R. 211-1 et seq. of the Code, securities 
(such as Notes) which are governed by French law and are in materialised form must be 
issued outside the French territory. 
(b) 
Denomination: Notes shall be issued in the specified denomination set out in the relevant Final 
Terms (the "Specified Denomination") save that the minimum denomination of each Note 
admitted to trading on a Regulated Market in circumstances which require the publication of a 
prospectus under the EU Prospectus Regulation will be €100,000 (or, if the Notes are denominated 
in a currency other than euro, the equivalent amount in such other currency at the issue date or 
such other higher amount as may be allowed or required from time to time by the relevant central 
bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or regulations applicable to the relevant Specified Currency 
(as defined below)).  
Unless permitted by the then current laws and regulations, Notes (including Notes denominated in 
Sterling) which have a maturity of less than one (1) year and in respect of which the issue proceeds 
are to be accepted by the Issuer in the United Kingdom or whose issue otherwise constitutes a 
contravention of section 19 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 must have a minimum 
redemption amount of £100,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies). 
Dematerialised Notes shall be issued in one Specified Denomination only. 
(c) 
Title: 
(i) 
Title to Dematerialised Notes in bearer dematerialised form (au porteur) and in 
administered registered form (au nominatif administré) shall pass upon, and transfer of 
such Notes may only be effected through, registration of the transfer in the accounts of 
Account Holders. Title to Dematerialised Notes in fully registered form (au nominatif pur) 
shall pass upon, and transfer of such Notes may only be effected through, registration of 
the transfer in the accounts of the Issuer or the Registration Agent. 
(ii) 
Title to Materialised Notes in definitive form having, where appropriate, Coupons and/or 
a Talon attached thereto on issue ("Definitive Materialised Notes"), shall pass by 
delivery. 
(iii) 
Except as ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction or as required by law, the holder 
(as defined below) of any Note, Coupon or Talon shall be deemed to be and may be treated 
as its absolute owner for all purposes, whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any 
notice of ownership, or an interest in it, any writing on it or its theft or loss and no person 
shall be liable for so treating the holder. 
(iv) 
In these Conditions, "Noteholder", "holder of Notes" or, as the case may be, "holder of 
any Note" means (i) in the case of Dematerialised Notes, the person whose name appears 
in the account of the relevant Account Holder or the Issuer or the Registration Agent (as

--- Page 31 ---
31 
 
the case may be) as being entitled to such Notes and (ii) in the case of Materialised Notes, 
the bearer of any Definitive Materialised Note and the Coupons, or Talon relating to it, 
and capitalised terms have the meanings given to them in the relevant Final Terms, the 
absence of any such meaning indicating that such term is not applicable to the Notes. 
2. 
Conversion and Exchanges of Notes 
(a) 
Dematerialised Notes 
(i) 
Dematerialised Notes issued in bearer dematerialised form (au porteur) may not be 
converted into Dematerialised Notes in registered dematerialised form, whether in fully 
registered form (au nominatif pur) or in administered registered form (au nominatif 
administré). 
(ii) 
Dematerialised Notes issued in registered dematerialised form (au nominatif) may not be 
converted into Dematerialised Notes in bearer dematerialised form (au porteur). 
(iii) 
Dematerialised Notes issued in fully registered form (au nominatif pur) may, at the option 
of the Noteholder, be converted into Notes in administered registered form (au nominatif 
administré), and vice versa. The exercise of any such option by such Noteholder shall be 
made in accordance with Article R.211-4 of the Code. Any such conversion shall be 
effected at the cost of such Noteholder. 
(b) 
Materialised Notes 
Materialised Notes of one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for Materialised Notes 
of another Specified Denomination. 
3. 
Status and Negative Pledge 
(a) 
Status of the Notes 
The obligations of the Issuer under the Notes in respect of principal, interest and other amounts, 
constitute direct, general, unconditional, unsubordinated and (subject to Condition 3(b)) unsecured 
obligations of the Issuer (engagements chirographaires), and rank and will at all times rank pari 
passu without any preference amongst themselves and with all other, present or future, unsecured 
and unsubordinated obligations (subject to exceptions imposed by French law) of the Issuer. 
(b) 
Negative Pledge 
So long as any of the Notes or Coupons relating to them remain outstanding (as defined below), 
the Issuer undertakes that it will, and ensures that its Material Subsidiaries (as defined below) will, 
not create or permit to subsist any mortgage, lien, charge, pledge or other form of encumbrance or 
security interest that would constitute a sûreté réelle or its equivalent under any applicable 
legislation upon the whole or any part of their respective assets or revenues, present or future, to 
secure any Bond Indebtedness (as defined below) incurred by the Issuer or any of its Material 
Subsidiaries or any guarantee or indemnity assumed or granted by the Issuer or any of its Material 
Subsidiaries in respect of any Bond Indebtedness incurred by the Issuer or any such Material 
Subsidiary, unless at the same time or prior thereto, the Issuer's obligations under the Notes and 
any Coupons are equally and rateably secured therewith or have the benefit of such other security 
as shall be approved by a Collective Decision (as defined in Condition 11). 
For the purpose of these Conditions: 
"Bond Indebtedness" means any present or future indebtedness for borrowed money in the form 
of, or represented by bonds (obligations), notes or other securities (including titres de créances 
négociables) which are for the time being, or are capable of being, quoted, admitted to trading or 
ordinarily dealt in any stock exchange, over-the-counter market or other securities market.

--- Page 32 ---
32 
 
"Carmila Holding Italia" means Carmila Holding Italia S.r.l., an Italian company with its 
registered office at Via Caldera 21, 20153 Milan, Italy and registered in the Registro delle Imprese 
di Milano under number 08609660967;  
"Material Subsidiary" means, at any time:  
(a) 
Carmila Holding Italia, for so long as it directly or indirectly owns Properties, the Value 
of the Property of which represents 5 per cent. or more of the Total Value of the Properties; 
or  
(b) 
any Subsidiary of the Issuer which directly or indirectly owns Properties, the Value of the 
Property of which represents 10 per cent. or more of the Total Value of the Properties; or  
(c) 
any Subsidiary or Subsidiaries of the Issuer as necessary to ensure that, when aggregated 
with any Subsidiary or Subsidiaries of the Issuer designated as a Material Subsidiary 
under paragraphs (a) and (b) above, the Value of the Properties of all Material Subsidiaries 
so designated represents at least 80 per cent. of the Total Value of the Properties.  
Compliance with the conditions set out in paragraphs (a), (b) and (c) above shall be determined by 
reference to the most recent Valuations and the Issuer shall supply, so long as the Notes are 
outstanding, a list of its Material Subsidiaries to the Fiscal Agent on the date of issue of the Notes 
and at the latest on the date falling 120 days following the end of its most recent financial year or 
(in the event that the Issuer publishes semi-annual financial information) of its most recent 
financial half year; 
"outstanding" means, in relation to the Notes, all the Notes issued other than: (a) those which have 
been redeemed in accordance with the Conditions, (b) those in respect of which the date for 
redemption in accordance with the Conditions has occurred and the redemption moneys (including 
all interest accrued on such Notes to the date for such redemption and any interest payable after 
such date) have been duly paid (i) in the case of Dematerialised Notes in bearer form and in 
administered registered form, to the relevant Account Holders on behalf of the Noteholder as 
provided in Condition 7(a), (ii) in the case of Dematerialised Notes in fully registered form, to the 
account of the Noteholder as provided in Condition 7(a) and (iii) in the case of Materialised Notes, 
to the Fiscal Agent as provided in the Agency Agreement and remain available for payment against 
presentation and surrender of Materialised Notes and/or Coupons, as the case may be, (c) those 
which have become void or in respect of which claims have become prescribed, (d) those which 
have been purchased and cancelled or purchased and held as provided in the Conditions, (e) in the 
case of Materialised Notes (i) those mutilated or defaced Materialised Notes that have been 
surrendered in exchange for replacement Materialised Notes, (ii) (for the purpose only of 
determining how many such Materialised Notes are outstanding and without prejudice to their 
status for any other purpose) those Materialised Notes alleged to have been lost, stolen or destroyed 
and in respect of which replacement Materialised Notes have been issued and (iii) any Temporary 
Global Certificate to the extent that it shall have been exchanged for one or more Definitive 
Materialised Notes, pursuant to its provisions; 
"Property" means:  
(d) 
any owned immovable property, and  
(e) 
any buildings, fixtures, fittings, fixed plant or machinery from time to time situated on or 
forming part of that immovable property considered to be an "Immeuble par destination" 
under French law;  
"Subsidiary" means, in relation to any company, another company which is controlled by it within 
the meaning of article L.233-3 I and II of the French Code de commerce;  
"Total Value of the Properties" means the aggregate Value of the Properties owned by the Group 
at that time;

--- Page 33 ---
33 
 
"Valuation" means the valuations of the Properties prepared by recognised independent property 
valuers of international repute in accordance with a methodology to remain in accordance with 
market practice;  
"Value of the Property" means, in respect of each Property, the value (hors droits et frais) of such 
Property at that time as determined on the basis of the latest Valuation.  
4. 
Restriction on Secured Borrowings 
The Issuer undertakes to the Noteholders that, so long as any of the Notes remains outstanding and except 
with the prior approval of the Noteholders by a Collective Decision (as defined under Condition 11), the 
Unsecured Revalued Assets Value (as defined below) shall not be less than the Relevant Debt (as defined 
below) at any time. 
"Appraisal Value" means, with respect to any Person, the value of the total Real Estate Assets owned or 
held directly or indirectly by such Person (including through financial leases and including the Real Estate 
Assets used as operating properties) as it is shown in, or derived from, the latest annual or semi-annual 
consolidated financial statements of the Issuer;  
"Assets" means for any Person all or any part of its property, assets, revenues (including any right to receive 
revenues) and uncalled capital; 
"Financial Indebtedness" means at any time any obligation for the payment or repayment of money, 
whether present or future, in respect of: 
(a) 
any outstanding principal amount (together with any fixed or minimum premium payable on final 
repayment) of all moneys borrowed (with or without security); 
(b) 
any amounts raised by acceptance or under any acceptance credit opened by a bank or other 
financial institution; 
(c) 
any lease, sale-and-lease-back, sale-and-repurchase or hire purchase contracts or arrangements 
which is, in accordance with the relevant accounting principles at the time such contracts or 
arrangements were entered into, treated as financial or capital lease; 
(d) 
any outstanding amount of the deferred purchase price of Real Estate Assets (as defined below) 
where payment (or, if payable in instalments, the final instalment) is due more than one year after 
the date of purchase of such Real Estate Asset; or 
(e) 
any amount raised under any other transaction which is treated in accordance with the relevant 
accounting principles in the latest non-consolidated or consolidated balance sheet as financial debt 
(emprunts et dettes financières); 
provided that: 
(i) 
for purposes of computing the outstanding principal amount of any Financial Indebtedness in 
paragraphs (a) to (e) above, any interest, dividends, commission, fees or the like shall be excluded 
save to the extent that they have been capitalised; and 
(ii) 
no amount shall be included or excluded more than once in calculating the amount of principal 
outstanding in respect of any Financial Indebtedness;  
 
"Person" includes any individual, company, corporation, firm, partnership, joint-venture, association, 
organisation, trust, state or agency of a state (in each case whether or not having separate legal personality); 
"Real Estate Assets" means those Assets of any Person being real estate properties, being land and 
buildings (either completed or under construction) and equity or equivalent investments (participations) 
directly or indirectly in any other Person which is a société à prépondérance immobilière (or its equivalent 
in any other jurisdiction) or in any other Person (whether listed or not listed) more than 50 per cent. of 
whose Assets comprise real estate assets;

--- Page 34 ---
34 
 
"Relevant Debt" means at any time the aggregate amount of the Financial Indebtedness of the Issuer as 
shown in, or derived from, the latest audited annual or unaudited semi-annual consolidated financial 
statements of the Issuer, excluding any Secured Debt; 
"Revalued Assets Value" means at any time, with respect to the Issuer, (i) the Appraisal Value excluding 
transfer rights (droits de transferts) on the relevant Real Estate Assets, (ii) any relevant deferred taxes 
(fiscalité latente) and (iii) the value of the equity-accounted investments (including advances) held directly 
or indirectly by the Issuer in any Person as shown in such financial statements; 
"Secured Debt" means at any time the aggregate amount of the Financial Indebtedness of the Issuer as 
shown in, or derived from, the latest audited annual or unaudited semi-annual consolidated financial 
statements of the Issuer, that is secured by or benefits from a Security Interest over any of the Group's 
Assets;  
"Security Interest" means any mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other form of encumbrance or security 
interest which would constitute a sûreté réelle or any other agreement or arrangement having substantially 
the same economic effect (including, but not limited to, any retention of title, lease or hire-purchase 
arrangement); and 
"Unsecured Revalued Assets Value" means at any time an amount equal to the Revalued Assets Value 
less the Secured Debt. 
5. 
Interest and other Calculations 
(a) 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes: Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal 
amount from and including the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as 
a percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest, such interest being payable in arrear on each Interest 
Payment Date. The amount of interest payable shall be determined in accordance with Condition 
5(g). 
(b) 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes: 
(i) 
Interest Payment Dates: Each Floating Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal 
amount from and including the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum 
(expressed as a percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest, such interest being payable in 
arrear on each Interest Payment Date. The amount of interest payable shall be determined 
in accordance with Condition 5(g). Such Interest Payment Date(s) is/are either shown in 
the relevant Final Terms as Specified Interest Payment Dates or, if no Specified Interest 
Payment Date(s) is/are shown in the relevant Final Terms, Interest Payment Date shall 
mean each date which falls the number of months or other period shown in the relevant 
Final Terms as the Interest Period after the preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the 
case of the first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement Date. 
(ii) 
Business Day Convention: If any date referred to in these Conditions that is specified to 
be subject to adjustment in accordance with a Business Day Convention would otherwise 
fall on a day that is not a Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is 
(A) the Floating Rate Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next 
day that is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in 
which event (x) such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business 
Day and (y) each subsequent such date shall be the last Business Day of the month in 
which such date would have fallen had it not been subject to adjustment, (B) the 
Following Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day that is 
a Business Day, (C) the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such date shall 
be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the 
next calendar month, in which event such date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day or (D) the Preceding Business Day Convention, 
such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
(iii) 
Rate of Interest for Floating Rate Notes: The Rate of Interest in respect of Floating Rate 
Notes for each Interest Accrual Period shall be determined in the manner specified in the 
relevant Final Terms and the provisions below relating to either ISDA Determination,

--- Page 35 ---
35 
 
FBF Determination, Screen Rate Determination or Linear Interpolation shall apply, 
depending upon which is specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(A) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
(i) 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, and "2006 ISDA 
Definitions" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for each 
Interest Accrual Period shall be determined by the Calculation Agent as a rate 
equal to the relevant ISDA Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the relevant Final 
Terms) the Margin (if any). For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A)(i), "ISDA 
Rate" for an Interest Accrual Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that 
would be determined by the Calculation Agent under a Swap Transaction under 
the terms of an agreement incorporating the 2006 ISDA Definitions and under 
which: 
(x) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(y) 
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the relevant Final 
Terms; and 
(z) 
the relevant Reset Date is the first day of that Interest Accrual Period 
unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A)(i), "Floating Rate", "Calculation 
Agent", "Floating Rate Option", "Designated Maturity", "Reset Date" and 
"Swap Transaction" have the meanings given to those terms in the 2006 ISDA 
Definitions. 
If the paragraph "Floating Rate Option" in the relevant Final Terms provides that 
the rate of interest will be determined by linear interpolation in respect of an 
Interest Period, the Rate of Interest applicable to such Interest Period will be 
calculated by the Calculation Agent by linear interpolation between two (2) rates 
of interest based on the relevant Floating Rate, provided that the first rate of 
interest corresponds to a maturity immediately inferior to the duration of the 
relevant Interest Period and the second rate corresponds to a maturity 
immediately superior to the same relevant Interest Period. 
(ii) 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, and "2021 ISDA 
Definitions" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for each 
Interest Accrual Period shall be determined by the Calculation Agent as a rate 
equal to the relevant ISDA Rate. For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A)(ii), 
"ISDA Rate" for an Interest Accrual Period means a rate equal to the Floating 
Rate that would be determined by the Calculation Agent under a Swap 
Transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions and under which: 
I. 
the "Floating Rate Option" is as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
II. 
the "Designated Maturity" is a period specified in the relevant Final 
Terms;  
III. the relevant "Reset Date" is the first day of that Interest Accrual Period 
or such other date as specified in the relevant Final Terms ;  
IV. the relevant "Fixing Day" is the date specified in the relevant Final Terms 
or, in the absence thereof, as defined in the 2021 ISDA Definitions; 
V. 
the "Effective Date" is, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, the Interest Commencement Date;

--- Page 36 ---
36 
 
VI. the "Termination Date" is, unless otherwise specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, the last date of the last occurring Interest Accrual Period; 
VII. the relevant "Calculation Period" is as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms or, in the absence thereof, as defined in the 2021 ISDA Definitions 
for which purpose references to "Effective Date" and "Period End Date" 
(in the 2021 ISDA Definitions) shall be deemed to be to, respectively, the 
Issue Date and any last day of the last occurring Interest Accrual Period 
(as defined in these Conditions); and 
VIII. if the Floating Rate Option specified in the Final Terms is an Overnight 
Floating Rate Option and Compounding is specified as applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms: 
- 
the relevant Reset Date is the last day of the last occurring Interest 
Accrual Period, unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms; 
- 
Delayed Payment will be applicable if specified as such in the Final 
Terms, and if so, the applicable number of days is either (x) as specified 
in the Final Terms, or (y) if no number is specified as such in the Final 
Terms, five (5); 
- 
OIS Compounding will be applicable if specified as such in the Final 
Terms; 
- 
Compounding with Lookback will be applicable if specified as such in 
the Final Terms, and if so, the "Lookback" is either (x) as specified in 
the Final Terms, or (y) if no number is specified as such in the Final 
Terms, the number specified as the "Lookback" for the relevant Floating 
Rate Option in the 2021 ISDA Definitions, or (z) if no such number is 
specified for the relevant Floating Rate Option, five (5); 
- 
Compounding with Observation Period Shift will be applicable if 
specified as such in the Final Terms, and if so, Set in Advance will be 
applicable if specified as such in the Final Terms, "Observation Period 
Shift Additional Business Day" is as specified in the Final Terms, and 
the "Observation Period Shift" is either (x) as specified in the Final 
Terms, or (y) if no number is specified as such in the Final Terms, the 
number specified as the "Observation Period Shift" for the relevant 
Floating Rate Option in the 2021 ISDA Definitions, or (z) if no such 
number is specified for the relevant Floating Rate Option, five (5); and 
- 
Compounding with Lockout will be applicable if specified as such in the 
Final Terms, and if so, "Lockout Period Business Day" is as specified 
in the Final Terms and the "Lockout" is either (x) as specified in the 
Final Terms, or (y) if no number is specified as such in the Final Terms, 
the number specified as the "Lockout" for the relevant Floating Rate 
Option in the 2021 ISDA Definitions, or (z) if no such number is 
specified for the relevant Floating Rate Option, five (5). 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A)(ii), except as otherwise defined in 
such sub-paragraph, "Calculation Agent", "Compounding with Lockout", 
"Compounding with Lookback", "Compounding with Observation Period 
Shift", "Delayed Payment", "Designated Maturity", "Effective Date", 
"Floating Rate Option", "Floating Rate", "Lockout Period Business Day",

--- Page 37 ---
37 
 
"Lockout", "Lookback", "Observation Period Shift", "OIS Compounding", 
"Overnight Floating Rate Option", "Period End Date", "Set in Advance" and 
"Swap Transaction" have the meanings given to those terms in the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions. 
The provisions relating to "Linear Interpolation" set out in the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions shall apply to an ISDA Rate where "2021 ISDA Definitions Linear 
Interpolation" is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms. For such 
purpose, references to "Relevant Rate" under the 2021 ISDA Definitions shall 
be deemed to be references to the ISDA Rate.  
(B) 
FBF Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where FBF Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner 
in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each 
Interest Accrual Period shall be determined by the Calculation Agent as a rate 
equal to the relevant FBF Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the relevant Final 
Terms) the Margin (if any). For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (B), "FBF 
Rate" for an Interest Accrual Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that 
would be determined by the Calculation Agent under a Transaction under the 
terms of an agreement incorporating the FBF Definitions and under which: 
(1) 
the Floating Rate is as specified in the relevant Final Terms, and 
(2) 
the relevant Floating Rate Determination Date (Date de Détermination 
du Taux Variable) is the first calendar day of that Interest Accrual Period 
unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final terms. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (B), "Floating Rate" (Taux Variable), 
"Calculation Agent" (Agent), "Floating Rate Determination Date" (Date de 
Détermination du Taux Variable) and "Transaction" (Transaction) have the 
meanings given to those terms in the FBF Definitions, provided that Euribor 
means the rate calculated for deposits in euro which appears on Reuters Page 
EURIBOR01, as more fully described in the relevant Final Terms. "FBF 
Definitions" means the definitions set out in the 2013 FBF Master Agreement 
relating to transactions on forward financial instruments a supplemented by the 
Fédération Bancaire Française (together the "FBF Master Agreement"), as 
amended, supplemented and updated as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of 
the Notes of the relevant Series. Investors should consult the Issuer should they 
require a copy of the FBF Definitions. 
(C) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
(1) 
Where "Screen Rate Determination-IBOR" is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be 
determined and the Reference Rate in respect of the Floating Rate Notes 
is specified as being EURIBOR, the Rate of Interest for each Interest 
Accrual Period will, subject as provided below or (if applicable) in 
Condition 5(b)(iii)(C)(5), be either: 
(a) 
the offered quotation; or 
(b) 
the arithmetic mean of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate(s) 
which appears or appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen 
Page as at either 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time in the case of EURIBOR) 
on the Interest Determination Date in question plus or minus (a 
indicated in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin (if any) as determined 
by the Calculation Agent. If five or more of such offered quotations are 
available on the Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, if there is more

--- Page 38 ---
38 
 
than one such highest quotation, one only of such quotations) and the 
lowest (or, if there is more than one such lowest quotation, one only of 
such quotations) shall be disregarded by the Calculation Agent for the 
purpose of determining the arithmetic mean of such offered quotations. 
(2) 
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available or, if sub-paragraph (1)(a) 
applies and no such offered quotation appears on the Relevant Screen 
Page, or, if sub-paragraph (1)(b) applies and fewer than three such 
offered quotations appear on the Relevant Screen Page, in each case as 
at the time specified above, subject as provided below, the Calculation 
Agent shall request, if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, the principal 
Euro-zone office of each of the Reference Banks, to provide the 
Calculation Agent with its offered quotation (expressed as a percentage 
rate per annum), or if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, at 
approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) on the Interest Determination 
Date in question. If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the 
Calculation Agent with such offered quotations, the Rate of Interest for 
such Interest Accrual Period shall be the arithmetic mean of such 
offered quotations as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
(3) 
If paragraph (2) above applies and the Calculation Agent determines 
that fewer than two Reference Banks are providing offered quotations, 
subject as provided below, the Rate of Interest shall be the arithmetic 
mean of the rates per annum (expressed as a percentage) as 
communicated to (and at the request of) the Calculation Agent by the 
Reference Banks or any two or more of them, at which such banks were 
offered, if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. 
(Brussels time), on the relevant Interest Determination Date, deposits 
in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have 
been used for the Reference Rate by leading banks in, if the Reference 
Rate is EURIBOR, the Euro-zone inter-bank market, as the case may 
be, or, if fewer than two of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation 
Agent with such offered rates, the offered rate for deposits in the 
Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been 
used for the Reference Rate, or the arithmetic mean of the offered rates 
for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which 
would have been used for the Reference Rate, at which, if the Reference 
Rate is EURIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time), on the 
relevant Interest Determination Date, any one or more banks (which 
bank or banks is or are in the opinion of the Calculation Agent and the 
Issuer suitable for such purpose) informs the Calculation Agent it is 
quoting to leading banks in, if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, the 
Euro zone inter-bank market, as the case may be, provided that, if the 
Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing 
provisions of this paragraph, the Rate of Interest shall be determined as 
at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though substituting, 
where a different Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest is 
to be applied to the relevant Interest Accrual Period from that which 
applied to the last preceding Interest Accrual Period, the Margin or 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period, in place of the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate 
of Interest relating to that last preceding Interest Accrual Period). 
(4) 
Notwithstanding the Conditions 5(b)(iii)(C)(1) to 5(b)(iii)(C)(3), where 
Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the 
Reference Rate in respect of the Floating Rate Notes is specified as 
being the EUR CMS, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual 
Period will, subject as provided below or (if applicable) to Condition 
5(b)(iii)(C)(5), be the offered quotation (expressed as a percentage rate 
per annum) for EUR CMS relating to the relevant maturity (the relevant

--- Page 39 ---
39 
 
maturity year mid swap rate in EUR (annual 30/360)), which appears 
on the Relevant Screen Page, being Reuters Screen page "ICESWAP2" 
under the heading "EURIBOR Basis", as at 11.00 a.m. Frankfurt time, 
in the case of the EUR-ISDA-EURIBOR Swap Rate-11:00 on the 
Interest Determination Date in question plus or minus (as indicated in 
the relevant Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. 
In the event that the Reference Rate does not appear on the Relevant 
Screen Page, the Calculation Agent shall determine on the relevant 
Interest Determination Date the applicable rate based on quotations of 
at least three Reference Banks for EUR CMS relating to the relevant 
maturity (in each case the relevant mid-market annual swap rate 
commencing two TARGET 2 Business Days following the relevant 
Interest Determination Date). The highest and lowest (or, in the event 
of equality, one of the highest and/or lowest) quotations so determined 
shall be disregarded by the Calculation Agent for the purpose of 
determining the Reference Rate which will be the arithmetic mean 
(rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place with 0.000005 being 
rounded upwards) of such provided quotations. 
If fewer than three quotations are provided to the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the above paragraph, the Reference Rate will be 
determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole discretion, acting in 
good faith and in a commercial and reasonable manner. 
(5) 
Benchmark discontinuation 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, 
if a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to an Original Reference Rate 
at any time when the Terms and Conditions of any Notes provide for 
any rate of interest (or any component part thereof) to be determined by 
reference to such Original Reference Rate, then the following provisions 
shall apply and prevail over the other fallbacks specified in Condition 
5(b)(iii)(C). 
(i) 
Independent Adviser 
The Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent 
Adviser, as soon as reasonably practicable, to determine a Successor 
Rate, failing which an Alternative Rate (in accordance with Condition 
5(b)(iii)(C)(5)(ii)) and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread, if any (in 
accordance with Condition 5(b)(iii)(C)(5)(iii)) and any Benchmark 
Amendments, if any (in accordance with Condition 5(b)(iii)(C)(5)(iv). 
An Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 
5(b)(iii)(C)(5) shall act in good faith as an independent adviser with 
appropriate expertise (in the absence of manifest error or fraud) shall 
have no liability whatsoever to the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, the Paying 
Agents, the Calculation Agent or any other party responsible for 
determining the Rate of Interest specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
or the Noteholders for any determination made by it pursuant to this 
Condition 5(b)(iii)(C)(5). 
(ii) 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
If the Independent Adviser determines in good faith that: 
(I) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate shall 
(subject 
to 
adjustment 
as 
provided 
in 
Condition

--- Page 40 ---
40 
 
5(b)(iii)(C)(5)(iii)) subsequently be used in place of the 
Original Reference Rate to determine the relevant Rate(s) of 
Interest (or the relevant component part(s) thereof) for all 
relevant future payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the 
further operation of this Condition 5(b)(iii)(C)(5); or 
(II) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, 
then such Alternative Rate shall (subject to adjustment as 
provided in Condition 5(b)(iii)(C)(5)(iii)) subsequently be used 
in place of the Original Reference Rate to determine the 
relevant Rate(s) of Interest (or the relevant component part(s) 
thereof) for all relevant future payments of interest on the Notes 
(subject to the further operation of this Condition 
5(b)(iii)(C)(5)). 
(iii) 
Adjustment Spread 
If the Independent Adviser determines in good faith (i) that an 
Adjustment Spread is required to be applied to the Successor 
Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and (ii) the 
quantum of, or a formula or methodology for determining, such 
Adjustment Spread, then such Adjustment Spread shall be 
applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the 
case may be) for each subsequent determination of a relevant 
Rate of Interest (or a relevant component part thereof) by 
reference to such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as 
applicable). 
For the avoidance of doubt, the determination of any 
Adjustment Spread by the Independent Adviser (i) shall not 
affect the application, with respect to a particular Interest 
Period, of the Margin specified as applicable to such Interest 
Period in the Final Terms and (ii) shall only be made, in 
accordance with customary market usage in the international 
debt capital markets, to reduce or eliminate, to the fullest extent 
reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic 
prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) to Noteholders. 
(iv) 
Benchmark Amendments 
If any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread 
is determined in accordance with this Condition 5(b)(iii)(C)(5) 
and the Independent Adviser determines in good faith (A) that 
amendments to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
(including, without limitation, amendments to the definitions 
of Day Count Fraction, Business Days or Relevant Screen 
Page) are strictly necessary to ensure the proper operation of 
such Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment 
Spread (such amendments, the "Benchmark Amendments") 
and (B) the terms of the Benchmark Amendments, then the 
Issuer shall, subject to giving notice thereof in accordance with 
Condition 5(b)(iii)(C)(5)(v), without any requirement for the 
consent or approval of Noteholders, vary the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes to give effect to such Benchmark 
Amendments with effect from the date specified in such notice.  
 
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this 
Condition 5(b)(iii)(C)(5)(iv), the Issuer shall comply with the 
rules of any stock exchange on which the Notes are for the time 
being listed or admitted to trading.

--- Page 41 ---
41 
 
(v) 
Notices, etc. 
The Issuer shall, after receiving such information from the 
Independent Adviser, notify the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation 
Agent, the Paying Agents, the Representative (if any) and, in 
accordance with Condition 14, the Noteholders, promptly of 
any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and 
of the specific terms of any Benchmark Amendments, 
determined under this Condition 5(b)(iii)(C)(5). Such notice 
shall be irrevocable and shall specify the effective date of the 
Benchmark Amendments, if any. 
(vi) 
Fallbacks 
If, following the occurrence of a Benchmark Event and in 
relation to the determination of the Rate of Interest on the 
immediately following Interest Determination Date, no 
Independent Adviser has been appointed or no Successor Rate 
or Alternative Rate (as applicable) is determined pursuant to 
this provision, the fallback provisions relating to the Original 
Reference Rate specified in Condition 5(b)(iii)(C) will 
continue to apply to such determination, provided that such 
fallbacks may in certain circumstances, lead to apply the Rate 
of Interest determined as at the last preceding Interest 
Determination Date. 
In such circumstances, the Issuer will be entitled (but not 
obliged), at any time thereafter, to elect to re-apply the 
provisions of this Condition 5(b)(iii)(C)(5), mutatis mutandis, 
on one or more occasions until a Successor Rate or Alternative 
Rate (and, if applicable, any associated Adjustment Spread 
and/or Benchmark Amendments) has been determined and 
notified in accordance with this Condition 5(b)(iii)(C)(5) (and, 
until such determination and notification (if any), the fallback 
provisions provided elsewhere in these Terms and Conditions, 
including, for the avoidance of doubt, the fallbacks specified in 
Condition 5(b)(iii)(C), will continue to apply). 
 
(vii) 
Definitions 
In this Condition 5(b)(iii)(C)(5): 
"Adjustment Spread" means either a spread (which may be 
positive or negative), or the formula or methodology for 
calculating a spread, in either case, which the Independent 
Adviser determines and which is required to be applied to the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) to 
reduce or eliminate, to the fullest extent reasonably practicable 
in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as the 
case may be) to Noteholders as a result of the replacement of 
the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and is the spread, formula 
or methodology which: 
a) in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended, 
or formally provided as an option for parties to adopt, in 
relation to the replacement of the Original Reference Rate 
with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating 
Body;

--- Page 42 ---
42 
 
b) in the case of an Alternative Rate (or in the case of a 
Successor Rate where (a) above does not apply), is in 
customary market usage in the international debt capital 
market for transactions which reference the Original 
Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the 
Alternative Rate (or, as the case may be, the Successor 
Rate); or 
c) if no such recommendation or option has been made (or 
made available), or the Independent Adviser determines 
there is no such spread, formula or methodology in 
customary market usage, the Independent Adviser, acting 
in good faith, determines to be appropriate.  
"Alternative Rate" means, in the absence of Successor Rate, 
an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the Independent 
Adviser determines in accordance with this Condition 
5(b)(iii)(C)(5) and which is customary market usage in the 
international debt capital markets for the purposes of 
determining rates of interest (or the relevant component part 
thereof) for a commensurate interest period (if there is such a 
customary market usage at such time) and in the same 
Specified Currency as the Notes. 
"Benchmark Event" means, with respect to an Original 
Reference Rate: 
a) the Original Reference Rate ceasing to exist or be 
published;  
b) the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the 
administrator of the Original Reference Rate that it will, 
on or before a specified date, cease publishing the 
Original Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in 
circumstances where no successor administrator has been 
appointed that will continue publication of the Original 
Reference Rate) and (ii) the date falling six (6) months 
prior to the date specified in (b)(i); 
c) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the 
administrator of the Original Reference Rate that the 
Original Reference Rate has been permanently or 
indefinitely discontinued;  
d) the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the 
supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference 
Rate that the Original Reference Rate will, on or before a 
specified 
date, 
be 
permanently 
or 
indefinitely 
discontinued and (ii) the date falling six (6) months prior 
to the date specified in (d)(i);  
e) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the 
administrator of the Original Reference Rate that means 
the Original Reference Rate will be prohibited from being 
used or that its use will be subject to restrictions or 
adverse consequences, in each case within the following 
six (6) months;  
f) 
it has or will prior to the next Interest Determination Date, 
become unlawful for the Issuer, the party responsible for 
determining the Rate of Interest (being the Calculation

--- Page 43 ---
43 
 
Agent or such other party specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, as applicable), or any Paying Agent to calculate 
any payments due to be made to any Noteholder using the 
Original Reference Rate (including, without limitation, 
under the EU Benchmarks Regulation, if applicable);  
g) that a decision to withdraw the authorisation or 
registration pursuant to Article 35 of the EU Benchmarks 
Regulation of any benchmark administrator previously 
authorised to publish such Original Reference Rate has 
been adopted; or 
h) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the 
administrator of the Original Reference Rate that, in the 
view of such supervisor, such Reference Rate is no longer 
representative of an underlying market or that its method 
of calculation has significantly changed.  
"EU Benchmarks Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 
2016/1011 of 8 June 2016, as amended. 
"Independent Adviser" means an independent financial 
institution of international repute or an independent adviser of 
recognised standing with appropriate expertise, at all times 
acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, 
appointed by the Issuer at its own expense under Condition 
5(b)(iii)(C)(5)(i). 
"Original Reference Rate" means the benchmark or screen 
rate (as applicable) originally specified for the purpose of 
determining the relevant Rate of Interest (or any relevant 
component part(s) thereof) on the Notes. 
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, in respect of a 
benchmark or screen rate (as applicable): 
a) the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark 
or screen rate (as applicable) relates, or any central bank 
or other supervisory authority which is responsible for 
supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen 
rate (as applicable); or 
b) any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or 
co-chaired by or constituted at the request of (i) the central 
bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen 
rate (as applicable) relates, (ii) any central bank or other 
supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising 
the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable), (iii) a group of the aforementioned central 
banks or other supervisory authorities or (iv) the Financial 
Stability Board or any part thereof. 
 
 
"Successor Rate" means a successor to or replacement of the 
Original Reference Rate which is formally recommended by 
any Relevant Nominating Body. If, following a Benchmark 
Event, more than one successor or replacement rates are 
recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body, the 
Independent Adviser will determine, among those successor or 
replacement rates, the one which is the most appropriate, taking 
into consideration, without limitation, the particular features of 
the relevant Notes.

--- Page 44 ---
44 
 
(D) 
Linear Interpolation 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified in the relevant Final Terms as applicable 
in respect of an Interest Accrual Period, the Rate of Interest for such Interest 
Accrual Period shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent by straight line linear 
interpolation by reference to two rates based on the relevant Reference Rate 
(where Screen Rate Determination-IBOR is specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as applicable; which term shall include, for the purposes of this paragraph, the 
relevant Alternative Rate or the relevant Successor Rate, to the extent and as 
applicable), the relevant Floating Rate Option (where ISDA Determination is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as applicable), or the relevant Floating Rate 
(where FBF Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as applicable) 
one of which shall be determined as if the Applicable Maturity were the period 
of time for which rates are available next shorter than the length of the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period and the other of which shall be determined as if the 
Applicable Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available next 
longer than the length of the relevant Interest Accrual Period, provided, however, 
that if no rate is available for a period of time immediately inferior or, as the case 
may be, immediately superior than the length of the relevant Interest Period, then 
the Calculation Agent shall determine such rate at such time and by reference to 
such sources as it determines appropriate. 
"Applicable Maturity" means: (a) in relation to Screen Rate Determination-
IBOR, the period of time designated in the Reference Rate, (b) in relation to 
ISDA Determination, the Designated Maturity and (c) in relation to FBF 
Determination, the period of time designated in the Floating Rate. 
(c) 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes: Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate (i) that the Issuer 
may elect to convert on the date set out in the relevant Final Terms from a Fixed Rate to a Floating 
Rate, or from a Floating Rate to a Fixed Rate or (ii) that will automatically change from a Fixed 
Rate to a Floating Rate or from a Floating Rate to a Fixed Rate on the date set out in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
(d) 
Zero Coupon Notes: Where a Note the Interest Basis of which is specified to be Zero Coupon is 
repayable prior to the Maturity Date and is not paid when due, the amount due and payable prior 
to the Maturity Date shall be the Early Redemption Amount of such Note. As from the Maturity 
Date, the Rate of Interest for any overdue principal of such a Note shall be a rate per annum 
(expressed as a percentage) equal to the Amortisation Yield (as described in Condition 6(b)(i)). 
(e) 
Accrual of Interest: Interest shall cease to accrue on each Note on the due date for redemption 
unless (i) in the case of Dematerialised Notes, on such due date or (ii) in the case of Materialised 
Notes, upon due presentation, payment is improperly withheld or refused, in which event interest 
shall continue to accrue (both before and after judgment) at the Rate of Interest in the manner 
provided in this Condition 5 to the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 8). 
(f) 
Margin, Maximum/Minimum Rates of Interest, Instalment Amounts and Redemption 
Amounts, and Rounding: 
(i) 
If any Margin is specified in the relevant Final Terms (either (x) generally, or (y) in 
relation to one or more Interest Accrual Periods), an adjustment shall be made to all Rates 
of Interest, in the case of (x), or the Rates of Interest for the specified Interest Accrual 
Periods, in the case of (y), calculated in accordance with (b) above by adding (if a positive 
number) or subtracting the absolute value (if a negative number) of such Margin, subject 
always to the next paragraph. 
(ii) 
If any Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest, Instalment Amount or Redemption 
Amount is specified in the relevant Final Terms, then any Rate of Interest, Instalment 
Amount or Redemption Amount shall be subject to such maximum or minimum, as the 
case may be. Unless a higher Minimum Rate of Interest is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, the Minimum Rate of Interest shall be deemed equal to zero.

--- Page 45 ---
45 
 
(iii) 
For the purposes of any calculations required pursuant to these Conditions (unless 
otherwise specified), (x) all percentages resulting from such calculations shall be rounded, 
if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (with halves 
being rounded up), (y) all figures shall be rounded to seven significant figures (with 
halves being rounded up) and (z) all currency amounts that fall due and payable shall be 
rounded to the nearest unit of such currency (with halves being rounded up), save in the 
case of yen, which shall be rounded down to the nearest yen. For these purposes "unit" 
means the lowest amount of such currency that is available as legal tender in the 
country/ies of such currency. 
(g) 
Calculations: The amount of interest payable per Specified Denomination in respect of any Note 
for any Interest Accrual Period shall be equal to the product of the Rate of Interest, the Specified 
Denomination specified in the relevant Final Terms, and the Day Count Fraction for such Interest 
Accrual Period, unless an Interest Amount (or a formula for its calculation) is applicable to such 
Interest Accrual Period, in which case the amount of interest payable per Specified Denomination 
in respect of such Note for such Interest Accrual Period shall equal such Interest Amount (or be 
calculated in accordance with such formula). Where any Interest Period comprises two or more 
Interest Accrual Periods, the amount of interest payable per Specified Denomination in respect of 
such Interest Period shall be the sum of the Interest Amounts payable in respect of each of those 
Interest Accrual Periods. In respect of any other period for which interest is required to be 
calculated, the provisions above shall apply save that the Day Count Fraction shall be for the period 
for which interest is required to be calculated. 
(h) 
Determination and Publication of Rates of Interest, Interest Amounts, Early Redemption 
Amounts, Optional Redemption Amounts, Optional Make-Whole Redemption Amounts and 
Instalment Amounts: The Calculation Agent shall, as soon as practicable on such date as the 
Calculation Agent may be required to calculate any rate or amount, obtain any quotation or make 
any determination or calculation, determine such rate and calculate the Interest Amounts for the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period, calculate the Early Redemption Amount, Optional Redemption 
Amount, Optional Make-Whole Redemption Amount or Instalment Amount, obtain such quotation 
or make such determination or calculation, as the case may be, and cause the Rate of Interest and 
the Interest Amounts for each Interest Accrual Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date and, 
if required to be calculated, the Early Redemption Amount, Optional Redemption Amount, 
Optional Make-Whole Redemption Amount or any Instalment Amount to be notified to the Fiscal 
Agent, the Issuer, each of the Paying Agents, the Noteholders, any other Calculation Agent 
appointed in respect of the Notes that is to make a further calculation upon receipt of such 
information and, if the Notes are listed on a stock exchange and the rules applied to such exchange 
so require, such exchange as soon as possible after their determination but in no event later than (i) 
the commencement of the relevant Interest Period, if determined prior to such time, in the case of 
notification to such exchange of a Rate of Interest and Interest Amount, or (ii) in all other cases, 
the second Business Day after such determination. Where any Interest Payment Date or Interest 
Period Date is subject to adjustment pursuant to Condition 5(b)(ii), the Interest Amounts and the 
Interest Payment Date so published may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative 
arrangements made by way of adjustment) without notice in the event of an extension or shortening 
of the Interest Period. If the Notes become due and payable under Condition 10, the accrued interest 
and the Rate of Interest payable in respect of the Notes shall nevertheless continue to be calculated 
as previously in accordance with this Condition but no publication of the Rate of Interest or the 
Interest Amount so calculated need be made. The determination of any rate or amount, the 
obtaining of each quotation and the making of each determination or calculation by the Calculation 
Agent(s) shall (in the absence of manifest error) be final and binding upon all parties. 
(i) 
Definitions: In these Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined terms 
shall have the meanings set out below: 
"Business Day" means: 
(i) 
in the case of a currency other than euro, a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in the principal financial 
centre for such currency; and/or

--- Page 46 ---
46 
 
(ii) 
in the case of euro, a day on which the TARGET System is operating (a "TARGET 
Business Day"); and/or 
(iii) 
in the case of a currency and/or one or more Business Centres (as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms), a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which commercial banks and 
foreign exchange markets settle payments in such currency in the Business Centre(s) or, 
if no currency is indicated, generally in each of the Business Centres; 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any Note 
for any period of time (from and including the first day of such period to but excluding the last) 
(whether or not constituting an Interest Period or an Interest Accrual Period, the "Calculation 
Period"): 
(iv) 
if "Actual/Actual", "Actual/Actual - ISDA" or "Actual-365 (FBF)" is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 
(or, if any portion of that Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual 
number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a leap year divided by 
366 and (B) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in 
a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(v) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual number of 
days in the Calculation Period divided by 365; 
(vi) 
if "Actual/Actual (FBF)" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the fraction whose 
numerator is the actual number of calendar days elapsed during the Calculation Period 
and whose denominator is 365 (or 366 if 29 February falls within the Interest Period). If 
the Interest Period is of a duration of more than one (1) year, the basis shall be calculated 
as follows: 
(A) 
the number of complete years shall be counted back from the last calendar day 
of the Interest Period; and 
(B) 
this number shall be increased by the fraction for the relevant period calculated 
as set out in the first paragraph of this definition 
(vii) 
if "Actual/360" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360; 
(viii) 
if "Actual/365 (Sterling)" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual number of 
days in the Calculation Period is divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest Payment 
Date falling in a leap year, 366; 
(ix) 
if "30/360", "360/360" or "Bond Basis" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the 
number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis 
as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
 
[360 x (Y2 -Y1)] + [30 x (M2 -M1)]+ (D2 -D1) 
 
360 
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls;

--- Page 47 ---
47 
 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 
29, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(x) 
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the number 
of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
 
[360 x (Y2 -Y1)] + [30 x (M2 -M1)]+ (D2 -D1) 
 
360 
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 
will be 30 
(xi) 
if "30E/360 (FBF)" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, in respect of each Interest 
Period, the fraction whose denominator is 360 and whose numerator is the number of 
calendar days elapsed during such period, calculated on the basis of a year comprising 12 
months of 30 days, subject to the following exception: 
if the last calendar day of the Interest Period is the last calendar day of the month of 
February, the number of calendar days elapsed during such month shall be the actual 
number of days, 
where: 
D1 (dd1, mm1, yy1) is the date of the beginning of the period 
D2 (dd2, mm2, yy2) is the date of the end of the period 
the fraction is: 
1 
 
360 
x [(yy2 – yy1) x 360 + (mm2 – mm1) x 30 + Min (dd2 , 30) – Min (dd1 , 
30)]  
(xii) 
if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows:

--- Page 48 ---
48 
 
Day Count Fraction = 
 
[360 x (Y2 -Y1)] + [30 x (M2 -M1)]+ (D2 -D1) 
 
360 
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless (i) 
that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will 
be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not 
the Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30. 
(xiii) 
if "Actual/Actual-ICMA" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
(A) 
if the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period 
during which it falls, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 
the product of (x) the number of days in such Determination Period and (y) the 
number of Determination Periods normally ending in any year; and 
(B) 
if the Calculation Period is longer than one Determination Period, the sum of: 
(x) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the 
Determination Period in which it begins divided by the product of (1) 
the number of days in such Determination Period and (2) the number of 
Determination Periods normally ending in any year; and 
(y) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next 
Determination Period divided by the product of (1) the number of days 
in such Determination Period and (2) the number of Determination 
Periods normally ending in any year. 
"Determination Period" means the period from and including a Determination 
Date in any year to but excluding the next Determination Date.  
"Determination Date" means the date specified in the relevant Final Terms or, 
if none is so specified, the Interest Payment Date. 
"Euro-zone" means the region comprised of member states of the European Union that adopt 
or have adopted the single currency in accordance with the Treaty on European Union, as 
amended. 
"Interest Accrual Period" means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date and ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Period Date and each 
successive period beginning on (and including) an Interest Period Date and ending on (but 
excluding) the next succeeding Interest Period Date.

--- Page 49 ---
49 
 
"Interest Amount" means: 
(i) in respect of an Interest Accrual Period, the amount of interest payable per 
Specified Denomination for that Interest Accrual Period and which, in the case 
of Fixed Rate Notes, shall mean the Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as being payable on the Interest Payment 
Date ending the Interest Period of which such Interest Accrual Period forms part; 
and 
(ii) in respect of any other period, the amount of interest payable per Specified 
Denomination for that period. 
"Interest Commencement Date" means the Issue Date or such other date as may be specified 
in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Interest Determination Date" means, with respect to a Rate of Interest and Interest Accrual 
Period, the date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is so specified, (i) the 
first day of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is Sterling or (ii) the day 
falling two Business Days in London for the Specified Currency prior to the first day of such 
Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is neither Sterling nor euro or (iii) the day 
falling two TARGET Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Accrual Period if the 
Specified Currency is euro. 
"Interest Period" means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement 
Date and ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Payment Date and each successive period 
beginning on (and including) an Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next 
succeeding Interest Payment Date. 
"Interest Period Date" means each Interest Payment Date unless otherwise specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
"2006 ISDA Definitions" means the 2006 ISDA Definitions as published by the International 
Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. ("ISDA") as may be supplemented or amended from 
time to time, in their updated version applicable as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the 
Notes of the relevant Series, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms.  
"2021 ISDA Definitions" means the 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions as 
published by ISDA, as may be supplemented or amended from time to time in their updated as 
at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes of the relevant Series, unless otherwise 
specified in the relevant Final Terms.  
"ISDA Definitions"  means, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, either (i) the 2006 ISDA 
Definitions or (ii) the 2021 ISDA Definitions, provided in each case that if the Calculation 
Agent determines that it is appropriate, ISDA Definitions will mean any successor definitional 
booklet to the 2006 ISDA Definitions or the 2021 ISDA Definitions, each as supplemented 
from time to time for interest rate derivatives published from time to time, all as determined as 
of the date of the relevant determination. 
"Rate of Interest" means the rate of interest payable from time to time in respect of this Note 
and that is either specified or calculated in accordance with the provisions in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
"Reference Banks" means, in the case of a determination of EURIBOR or EUR CMS, the 
principal Euro-zone office of, respectively, four or five major banks in the Euro-zone inter-
bank market, in each case selected by the Calculation Agent. 
"Reference Rate" means the rate specified as such in the relevant Final Terms, which shall be 
either EURIBOR or EUR CMS (or any successor or replacement rate), subject as provided in 
Condition 5(b)(iii)(C)(5).

--- Page 50 ---
50 
 
"Relevant Screen Page" means such page, section, caption, column or other part of a particular 
information service as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Specified Currency" means the currency specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
"TARGET System" means the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement 
Express Transfer (known as TARGET2) System or any successor thereto. 
(j) 
Calculation Agent: The Issuer shall procure that there shall at all times be one or more Calculation 
Agents if provision is made for them in the relevant Final Terms and for so long as any Note is 
outstanding. Where more than one Calculation Agent is appointed in respect of the Notes, 
references in these Conditions to the Calculation Agent shall be construed as each Calculation 
Agent performing its respective duties under the Conditions. Without prejudice and subject to the 
provisions of Condition 5(b)(iii)(C)(5), if the Calculation Agent is unable or unwilling to act as 
such or if the Calculation Agent fails duly to establish the Rate of Interest for an Interest Accrual 
Period or to calculate any Interest Amount, Instalment Amount, Early Redemption Amount, 
Optional Redemption Amount or Optional Make-Whole Redemption Amount, as the case may be, 
or to comply with any other requirement, the Issuer shall appoint a leading bank or financial 
institution engaged in the interbank market (or, if appropriate, money, swap or over-the-counter 
index options market) that is most closely connected with the calculation or determination to be 
made by the Calculation Agent to act as such in its place. The Calculation Agent may not resign 
its duties without a successor having been appointed as aforesaid and notice of any such change of 
Calculation Agent shall promptly be given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 
below. 
6. 
Redemption, Purchase and Options 
(a) 
Redemption by Instalments and Final Redemption: 
(i) 
Unless previously redeemed, purchased and cancelled as provided in this Condition 6 
each Note that provides for Instalment Dates and Instalment Amounts shall be partially 
redeemed on each Instalment Date at the related Instalment Amount specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. The outstanding nominal amount of each such Note shall be reduced 
by the Instalment Amount (or, if such Instalment Amount is calculated by reference to a 
proportion of the nominal amount of such Note, such proportion) for all purposes with 
effect from the related Instalment Date, unless payment of the Instalment Amount is 
improperly withheld or refused, in which case, such amount shall remain outstanding until 
the Relevant Date relating to such Instalment Amount. 
(ii) 
Unless previously redeemed, purchased and cancelled as provided below, each Note shall 
be finally redeemed on the Maturity Date specified in the relevant Final Terms at its 
nominal amount (the "Final Redemption Amount") or, in the case of a Note falling 
within paragraph (i) above, its final Instalment Amount which shall be equal to the 
nominal value of such Note remaining outstanding at such time. 
(b) 
Early Redemption: 
(i) 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
(A) 
The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note, 
upon redemption of such Note pursuant to Condition 6(c), 6(d), 6(e), 6(f) or 6(h) 
or 6(i) (all if applicable) or upon it becoming due and payable as provided in 
Condition 10, shall be the "Amortised Face Amount" (calculated as provided 
below) of such Note. 
(B) 
Subject to the provisions of sub-paragraph (C) below, the Amortised Face 
Amount of any such Note shall be the scheduled Final Redemption Amount of 
such Note on the Maturity Date discounted at a rate per annum (expressed as a 
percentage) equal to the Amortisation Yield (which, if none is shown in the 
relevant Final Terms, shall be such rate as would produce an Amortised Face

--- Page 51 ---
51 
 
Amount equal to the issue price of the Notes if they were discounted back to 
their issue price on the Issue Date) compounded annually. 
(C) 
If the Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any such Note upon its 
redemption pursuant to Condition 6(c), 6(d), 6(e), 6(f) or 6(h) or 6(i) (all if 
applicable) or upon it becoming due and payable as provided in Condition 10 is 
not paid when due, the Early Redemption Amount due and payable in respect of 
such Note shall be the Amortised Face Amount of such Note as defined in sub-
paragraph (B) above, except that such sub-paragraph shall have effect as though 
the date on which the Note becomes due and payable were the Relevant Date. 
The calculation of the Amortised Face Amount in accordance with this sub-
paragraph shall continue to be made (both before and after judgement) until the 
Relevant Date, unless the Relevant Date falls on or after the Maturity Date, in 
which case the amount due and payable shall be the scheduled Final Redemption 
Amount of such Note on the Maturity Date together with any interest that may 
accrue in accordance with Condition 5(c). 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period of less than one year, it shall be made 
on the basis of the Day Count Fraction shown in the relevant Final Terms. 
(ii) 
Other Notes: 
The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Note (other than Notes described 
in (i) above), upon redemption of such Note pursuant to Condition 6(c), 6(d), 6(e), 6(f) or 
6(h) or 6(i) (all if applicable) or upon it becoming due and payable as provided in 
Condition 10, shall be the Final Redemption Amount. 
(c) 
Redemption for Taxation Reasons: 
(i) 
If, by reason of a change in French law or regulation, or any change in the official 
application or interpretation of such law or regulation, becoming effective after the Issue 
Date, the Issuer would on the occasion of the next payment due in respect of the Notes or 
Coupons, not be able to make such payment without having to pay additional amounts as 
specified in Condition 8 below, and provided that such obligation cannot be avoided by 
the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to it, the Issuer may on any Interest 
Payment Date (if the Note is a Floating Rate Note) or, at any time, (if the Note is not a 
Floating Rate Note), subject to having given not more than 60 nor less than 30 days' prior 
notice to the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), in accordance with 
Condition 14 redeem all, but not some only, of the outstanding Notes at their Early 
Redemption Amount (as described in Condition 6(b) above) together with any interest 
accrued to the date fixed for redemption provided that the due date for redemption of 
which notice hereunder may be given shall be no earlier than the latest practicable Interest 
Payment Date on which the Issuer could make payment of principal and interest without 
withholding or deduction for French taxes. 
(ii) 
If the Issuer would on the occasion of the next payment in respect of the Notes or Coupons 
be prevented by French law or regulation from making payment to the Noteholders or 
Couponholders of the full amount then due and payable, notwithstanding the undertaking 
to pay additional amounts contained in Condition 8 below, and provided that this cannot 
be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to it, then the Issuer shall 
forthwith give notice of such fact to the Fiscal Agent and the Issuer shall upon giving not 
less than seven days' prior notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14, 
redeem all, but not some only, of the Notes then outstanding at their Early Redemption 
Amount together with any interest accrued to the date set for redemption on the latest 
practicable Interest Payment Date on which the Issuer could make payment of the full 
amount payable in respect of the Notes or Coupons without withholding or deduction for 
French taxes, or, if such date is past, as soon as practicable thereafter. 
(d) 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer: If "Call Option" is specified as being applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may, on giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 days' irrevocable 
notice to the Noteholders (or such other notice period as may be specified in the relevant Final 
Terms) redeem, all or, if so provided, some, of the outstanding Notes on any Optional Redemption

--- Page 52 ---
52 
 
Date specified in the relevant Final Terms. Any such redemption of Notes shall be at the Optional 
Redemption Amount specified in the relevant Final Terms (which may be the Early Redemption 
Amount (as described in Condition 6(b) above)) together with interest accrued up to (but excluding) 
the date fixed for redemption. Any such redemption or exercise must relate to Notes of a nominal 
amount at least equal to the Minimum Redemption Amount specified in the relevant Final Terms 
and no greater than the Maximum Redemption Amount specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(e) 
Residual Maturity Call Option by the Issuer: If "Residual Maturity Call Option" is specified as 
being applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may, at its option, from and including the 
Initial Residual Maturity Call Option Date (as defined in the relevant Final Terms), to but 
excluding the Maturity Date, subject to having given not more than 60 nor less than 30 days prior 
notice to the Noteholders and the Fiscal Agent in accordance with Condition 14 (which notice shall 
be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption), redeem all, but not some only of 
the outstanding Notes at par together with interest accrued up to (but excluding) the date fixed for 
redemption. 
(f) 
Squeeze-out Call Option: If "Squeeze-out Call Option" is specified as being applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may, at any time, on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' 
irrevocable notice to the Noteholders (or such other period as may be specified in the relevant Final 
Terms), redeem all but not some only of the Notes for the time being outstanding, if, immediately 
prior to the date that such notice is given, Notes representing an aggregate amount equal to or 
exceeding the Minimum Percentage (as specified in the relevant Final Terms, being a percentage 
of the aggregate nominal amount of such Series (including, for the avoidance of doubt any Notes 
which have been consolidated and form a single Series therewith)) shall have been redeemed or 
purchased (and subsequently cancelled) by the Issuer other than by way of a redemption at the 
option of the Issuer in accordance with Condition 6(g). Any such redemption shall be at the Early 
Redemption Amount together with interest accrued up to (but excluding) the date fixed for 
redemption. All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed, on the date 
specified in such notice in accordance with this Condition. 
(g) 
Optional Make-Whole Redemption by the Issuer: If "Optional Make-Whole Redemption by the 
Issuer" is specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer will, subject to 
compliance by the Issuer with all relevant laws, regulations and directives and having given not 
less than 30 nor more than 45 days' irrevocable notice in accordance with Condition 14 to the 
Noteholders and to the Fiscal Agent (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date 
fixed for redemption), have the option to redeem the Notes, in whole or in part, at any time prior 
to their Maturity Date (the "Optional Make-Whole Redemption Date") at the Optional Make-
Whole Redemption Amount (as described below) together with any accrued and unpaid interest 
up to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption.  
The "Optional Make-Whole Redemption Amount" will be calculated by the Calculation Agent 
and will be an amount in the relevant currency rounded to the nearest cent (half a cent being 
rounded upwards) being the greater of (x) the Final Redemption Amount of the Notes so redeemed 
and (y) the sum of the then present values on the Optional Make-Whole Redemption Date of (i) 
the nominal amount of the Notes and (ii) the remaining scheduled payments of principal (if 
applicable) and interest on such Notes for the remaining term of such Note (determined on the 
basis of the interest rate applicable to such Note from the Interest Payment Date immediately 
preceding the Optional Make-Whole Redemption Date to, but excluding, the Optional Make-
Whole Redemption Date), discounted from the Relevant Redemption Date to the Optional Make-
Whole Redemption Date on an annual basis at the Early Redemption Rate plus an Early 
Redemption Margin. 
"Early Redemption Margin" has the meaning given to it in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Early Redemption Rate" means the average of the four quotations given by the Reference 
Dealers of the mid-market annual yield to maturity of the Reference Benchmark Security (as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms) on the fourth Business Day preceding the Optional Make-
Whole Redemption Date at 11.00 a.m. (Central European time (CET)). If the Reference Benchmark 
Security is no longer outstanding, a Similar Security will be chosen by the Calculation Agent after 
prior consultation with the Issuer if practicable under the circumstances, at 11.00 a.m. (Central 
European time (CET)) on the fourth Business Day preceding the Optional Make-Whole

--- Page 53 ---
53 
 
Redemption Date, quoted in writing by the Calculation Agent to the Issuer and notified to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14. 
"Reference Benchmark Security" has the meaning given to it in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Reference Dealers" means each of the four banks (that may include the Dealers) selected by the 
Calculation Agent which are primary European government security dealers, and their respective 
successors, or market makers in pricing corporate bond issues or as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
"Relevant Redemption Date" means either (i) the Maturity Date or (ii) the Initial Residual 
Maturity Call Option Date, if a Residual Maturity Call Option is specified as applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed, or the Issuer's option 
shall be exercised, on the date specified in such notice in accordance with this Condition.  
"Similar Security" means a reference bond or reference bonds issued by the issuer of the Reference 
Benchmark Security having an actual or interpolated maturity comparable with the remaining term 
of the Notes that would be used, at the time of selection and in accordance with customary financial 
practice, in pricing new issues of corporate debt securities of comparable maturity to the remaining 
term of the Notes. 
The determination of any rate or amount, the obtaining of each quotation and the making of each 
determination or calculation by the Calculation Agent shall (in the absence of manifest error) be 
final and binding upon all parties. 
(h) 
Redemption at the Option of Noteholders: If "Put Option" is specified as being applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms, the Issuer shall, at the option of any Noteholder, upon such Noteholder giving 
not less than 15 nor more than 30 days' notice to the Issuer (or such other notice period as may be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms) redeem the Note(s) of such Noteholder on the Optional 
Redemption Date (as defined in the relevant Final Terms) selected by such Noteholder in the 
relevant Exercise Notice (as defined below) at the Optional Redemption Amount specified in the 
relevant Final Terms (which may be the Early Redemption Amount (as described in Condition 6(b) 
above)) together with interest accrued to such Optional Redemption Date. 
To exercise such option the Noteholder must deposit with any Paying Agent at its specified office 
during usual business hours a duly completed option exercise notice (the "Exercise Notice") in the 
form obtained during usual business hours from any Paying Agent or the Registration Agent, as the 
case may be, within the notice period. Such notice shall, in the case of Materialised Notes, have 
attached to it such Note (together with all unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons). In the 
case of Dematerialised Notes, the Noteholder shall transfer, or cause to be transferred, the 
Dematerialised Notes to be redeemed to the account of the Principal Paying Agent specified in the 
Exercise Notice. No option so exercised and, where applicable, no Note so deposited or transferred 
may be withdrawn (except as provided in the Agency Agreement) without the prior consent of the 
Issuer. 
(i) 
Redemption at the Option of the Noteholders following a Change of Control: If "Change of 
Control Put Option" is specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms, and if any time 
while any Note remains outstanding (a) a Change of Control occurs and (b) within the Change of 
Control Period, (i) (if at the time of the Change of Control the Issuer and/or the Notes outstanding 
have a rating from a Rating Agency) a Rating Downgrade occurs or has occurred as a result of 
such Change of Control or (ii) (if at the time of the Change of Control the Issuer and/or the Notes 
outstanding do not have a rating from a Rating Agency) a Negative Rating Event in respect of that 
Change of Control occurs (such Change of Control and Rating Downgrade or Negative Rating 
Event, as the case may be, occurring within the Change of Control Period together called a "Put 
Event"), each Noteholder will have the option (the "Change of Control Put Option") (unless, 
prior to the giving of the Put Event Notice (as defined below), the Issuer gives notice of its intention 
to redeem the Notes under Condition 6) to require the Issuer to redeem or, at the Issuer’s option, 
to procure the purchase of its Notes, on the Change of Control Redemption Date (as defined below). 
Each Note shall be redeemed or purchased at the Early Redemption Amount together with (or, 
where purchased, together with an amount equal to) accrued interest to (but excluding) the Change 
of Control Redemption Date.

--- Page 54 ---
54 
 
A "Change of Control" shall be deemed to have occurred each time that any person or persons 
acting in concert (within the meaning of Article L.233-10 of the French Code de commerce), other 
than Carrefour, directly or indirectly holds more than 50 per cent. of the shares or voting rights of 
the Issuer.  
"Carrefour" means Carrefour SA and its Subsidiaries.  
"Change of Control Period" means the period commencing on the date that is the earlier of (i) 
the date of the first public announcement of the occurrence of the relevant Change of Control; and 
(ii) the date of the earliest Potential Change of Control Announcement (if any) and ending on the 
date which is 180 days after the date of the first public announcement of the occurrence of the 
relevant Change of Control (or such longer period for which the Notes are under consideration 
(such consideration having been announced publicly within the period ending 180 days after the 
Change of Control) for rating review or, as the case may be, rating by a Rating Agency, such period 
not to exceed 60 days after the public announcement of such consideration).  
"Negative Rating Event" shall be deemed to have occurred if (i) the Issuer does not on or before 
the expiry of 60 days following the Change of Control seek to obtain an investment grade rating 
(BBB-, or its equivalent for the time being, or better) of the Notes failing which, a corporate rating 
from a Rating Agency, or (ii) if it does so seek, it has not at the expiry of the Change of Control 
Period obtained such rating, provided that the Rating Agency (A) announces or publicly confirms 
or, (B) having been so requested by the Issuer, informs the Issuer or the Fiscal Agent in writing 
that its declining to assign such rating was the result, in whole or in part, of the applicable Change 
of Control (whether or not the Change of Control shall have occurred at the time such rating is 
declined).  
"Potential Change of Control Announcement" means any public announcement or public 
statement by the Issuer, any actual or potential bidder or any advisor thereto relating to any 
potential Change of Control, such announcement or statement occurring no more than 180 days 
prior to the first public announcement of the occurrence of the relevant Change of Control.  
"Rating Agency" means any of the following: (a) Standard & Poor’s Rating Services, a division 
of the McGraw-Hill Companies, Inc.; or (b) any other rating agency of equivalent international 
standing established in the European Union and registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 
as amended and requested from time to time by the Issuer to grant a rating and, in each case, their 
respective successors or affiliates.  
A "Rating Downgrade" shall be deemed to have occurred in respect of a Change of Control if 
within the Change of Control Period:  
(A) 
the rating previously assigned to the Notes or to the Issuer by any Rating Agency 
is (x) withdrawn or (y) changed from an investment grade rating (BBB-, or its 
equivalent for the time being, or better) to a non-investment grade rating (BB+, 
or its equivalent for the time being, or worse); and  
(B) 
such rating is not within the Change of Control Period subsequently upgraded 
(in the case of a downgrade) or reinstated (in the case of a withdrawal) either to 
an investment grade credit rating (in the case of (y)) or to its earlier credit rating 
or better (in the case of (x)) by such Rating Agency;  
provided however that a Rating Downgrade otherwise arising by virtue of a particular change in 
rating shall be deemed to have occurred in respect of a particular Change of Control only if (i) the 
Rating Agency making the relevant decision referred to above publicly announces or publicly 
confirms that such decision was the result, in whole or in part, of the Change of Control or (ii) the 
Rating Agency making the relevant decision referred to above has confirmed in a letter or other 
form of written communication sent to the Issuer and publicly disclosed that such decision was the 
result, in whole or in part, of the Change of Control, and provided further that if the Notes are rated 
by more than one Rating Agency, a Rating Downgrade shall be deemed not to have occurred in 
respect of a particular Put Event if only one Rating Agency has withdrawn or lowered its rating.

--- Page 55 ---
55 
 
Promptly upon the Issuer becoming aware that a Put Event has occurred, the Issuer shall give notice 
(a "Put Event Notice") to the Fiscal Agent and to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 
10 specifying the nature of the Put Event, the circumstances giving rise to it and the procedure for 
exercising the Change of Control Put Option contained in this section.  
To exercise the Change of Control Put Option to require redemption or, as the case may be, 
purchase of a Note under this section, a Noteholder must transfer (or cause to be transferred by its 
Account Holder) its Notes to be so redeemed or purchased to the account of the Fiscal Agent 
(details of which are specified in the Put Option Notice) for the account of the Issuer within the 
period of 45 days after the Put Event Notice is given (the "Put Period"), together with a duly 
signed and completed notice of exercise in the form obtainable from the specified office of the 
Fiscal Agent or the Paying Agent (a "Put Option Notice") and in which the Noteholder shall 
specify a bank account denominated in euro to which payment is to be made under this Condition.  
A Put Option Notice once given shall be irrevocable.  
The Issuer shall redeem or, at the option of the Issuer, procure the purchase of, the Notes in respect 
of which the Change of Control Put Option has been validly exercised as provided above, and 
subject to the transfer of such Notes to the accounts of the Fiscal Agent for the account of the Issuer 
as described above on the date which is the fifth (5th) Business Day following the end of the Put 
Period (the "Change of Control Redemption Date"). Payment in respect of any Note so 
transferred will be made via the relevant Account Holders on the Change of Control Redemption 
Date in Euro to the Euro-denominated bank account specified by the Noteholder in the Put Option 
Notice.  
For the avoidance of doubt, no additional amount shall be payable by the Issuer to a Noteholder as 
a result of or in connection with such Noteholder’s exercise of, or otherwise in connection with the 
put options in this Condition 6(i) or in Condition 6(h) (whether as a result of any purchase or 
redemption arising therefrom or otherwise). 
(j) 
Provision relating to partial redemption: If only some of the Notes of a Series are to be redeemed 
or subject to the exercise of an Issuer's option, on such date (i) in the case of Materialised Notes, 
the number of Materialised Notes to be redeemed shall be drawn by the Fiscal Agent in such place 
and in such manner as may be fair and reasonable in the circumstances, taking account of prevailing 
market practices, subject to compliance with any applicable laws and Regulated Market 
requirements and, where applicable, the Issuer shall be entitled to send representatives to attend 
such drawing and (ii) in the case of Dematerialised Notes, such partial redemption shall be made 
by application of a pool factor (corresponding to a reduction of the aggregate nominal amount of 
all such Dematerialised Notes in a Series in proportion to the aggregate nominal amount redeemed). 
(k) 
Purchases: The Issuer and any of its Subsidiaries may at any time purchase Notes (provided that, 
in the case of Materialised Notes, all unmatured Receipts and Coupons and unexchanged Talons 
relating thereto are attached thereto or surrendered therewith) in the open market or otherwise at 
any price, subject to the applicable laws and/or regulations. All Notes so purchased by the Issuer 
may be held and resold in accordance with applicable laws and regulations for the purpose of 
enhancing the liquidity of the Notes. 
(l) 
Cancellation: All Notes purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer may, at its sole option, be held or 
cancelled in accordance with applicable laws and regulations. Notes will be cancelled, in the case 
of Dematerialised Notes, by transfer to an account in accordance with the rules and procedures of 
Euroclear France and, in the case of Materialised Notes, by surrendering the Temporary Global 
Certificate and the Definitive Materialised Notes in question together with all unmatured Coupons 
and all unexchanged Talons to the Fiscal Agent and, in each case, if so transferred or surrendered, 
shall, together with all Notes redeemed by the Issuer, be cancelled forthwith (together with, in the 
case of Dematerialised Notes, all rights relating to payment of interest and other amounts relating 
to such Dematerialised Notes and, in the case of Materialised Notes, all unmatured Coupons and 
unexchanged Talons attached thereto or surrendered therewith). Any Notes so cancelled or, where 
applicable, transferred or surrendered for cancellation may not be re-issued or resold and the 
obligations of the Issuer in respect of any such Notes shall be discharged. To the extent that the 
Notes are admitted to trading on Euronext Paris, the Issuer will inform Euronext about such 
cancellation.

--- Page 56 ---
56 
 
7. 
Payments and Talons 
(a) 
Dematerialised Notes: Payments of principal and interest in respect of Dematerialised Notes shall, 
in the case of Dematerialised Notes in bearer dematerialised form or administered registered form, 
be made by transfer to the account denominated in the relevant currency of the relevant Account 
Holders for the benefit of the Noteholders and, in the case of Dematerialised Notes in fully 
registered form, to an account denominated in the relevant currency with a Bank designated by the 
Noteholders. All payments validly made to such Account Holders will be an effective discharge of 
the Issuer in respect of such payments. 
(b) 
Materialised Notes: Payments of principal and interest in respect of Materialised Bearer Notes 
shall, subject as mentioned below, be made against presentation and surrender of the relevant 
Receipts (in the case of payments of Instalment Amounts other than on the due date for redemption 
and provided that the Receipt is presented for payment together with its relative Note), Notes (in 
the case of all other payments of principal and, in the case of interest, as specified in Condition 
7(f)(vi)) or Coupons (in the case of interest, save as specified in Condition 7(f)(vi)), as the case 
may be, at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United States by a cheque payable 
in the relevant currency drawn on, or, at the option of the holder, by transfer to an account 
denominated in such currency with, a bank in the principal financial centre for such currency or, 
in the case of euro, in a city in which banks have access to the TARGET System. 
(c) 
Payments in the United States: Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any Materialised Notes are 
denominated in U.S. Dollars, payments in respect thereof may be made at the specified office of 
any Paying Agent in New York City in the same manner as aforesaid if (i) the Issuer shall have 
appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United States with the reasonable 
expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make payment of the amounts on the Notes 
in the manner provided above when due, (ii) payment in full of such amounts at all such offices is 
illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar restrictions on payment or 
receipt of such amounts and (iii) such payment is then permitted by United States law, without 
involving, in the opinion of the Issuer, any adverse tax consequence to the Issuer. 
(d) 
Payments Subject to Fiscal Laws: All payments are subject in all cases to any applicable fiscal 
or other laws, regulations and directives in any jurisdiction (whether by operation of law or 
agreement of the Issuer or its Agents) and the Issuer will not be liable for any taxes or duties of 
whatever nature imposed or levied by such laws, regulations, directives or agreements, but without 
prejudice to the provisions of Condition 8. No commission or expenses shall be charged to the 
Noteholders or Couponholders in respect of such payments. 
(e) 
Appointment of Agents: The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents and the Calculation Agent initially 
appointed by the Issuer and their respective specified offices are listed at the end of this Base 
Prospectus. The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents and the Registration Agent act solely as agents 
of the Issuer and, in each such case, do not assume any obligation or relationship of agency or trust 
for or with any Noteholder or Couponholder. The Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary or 
terminate the appointment of the Fiscal Agent, any other Paying Agent and the Registration Agent 
or the Calculation Agent(s) and to appoint additional or other Paying Agents, provided that the 
Issuer shall at all times maintain (i) a Fiscal Agent, (ii) one or more Calculation Agent(s) where 
the Conditions so require, (iii) Paying Agents having specified offices in at least two major 
European cities (including Paris so long as the Notes are admitted to trading on Euronext Paris and 
in such other city so long as the Notes are admitted to trading on any other Regulated Market), (iv) 
in the case of Dematerialised Notes in fully registered form, a Registration Agent and (v) such 
other agents as may be required by any other Stock Exchange on which the Notes may be listed. 
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent in New York City in respect of any 
Materialised Notes denominated in U.S. Dollars in the circumstances described in paragraph (c) 
above. 
Notice of any such change or any change of any specified office shall promptly be given to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 below.

--- Page 57 ---
57 
 
(f) 
Unmatured Coupons and Receipts and unexchanged Talons: 
(i) 
Unless the relevant Final Terms specify that the Materialised Notes provide that the 
relevant Coupons are to become void upon the due date for redemption of those Notes, 
Materialised Notes should be surrendered for payment together with all unmatured 
Coupons (if any) relating thereto, failing which an amount equal to the face value of each 
missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of payment not being made in full, 
that proportion of the amount of such missing unmatured Coupon that the sum of principal 
so paid bears to the total principal due) shall be deducted from the Final Redemption 
Amount, Early Redemption Amount, Optional Redemption Amount or Optional Make-
Whole Redemption Amount, as the case may be, due for payment. Any amount so 
deducted shall be paid in the manner mentioned above against surrender of such missing 
Coupon within a period of 10 years from the Relevant Date for the payment of such 
principal (whether or not such Coupon has become void pursuant to Condition 9). 
(ii) 
If the relevant Final Terms specify that the Materialised Notes so provide, upon the due 
date for redemption of any such Materialised Note, unmatured Coupons relating to such 
Note (whether or not attached) shall become void and no payment shall be made in respect 
of them. 
(iii) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Materialised Note, any unexchanged Talon 
relating to such Note (whether or not attached) shall become void and no Coupon shall be 
delivered in respect of such Talon. 
(iv) 
Where any Materialised Note that provides that the relative unmatured Coupons are to 
become void upon the due date for redemption of those Notes is presented for redemption 
without all unmatured Coupons, and where any Materialised Note is presented for 
redemption without any unexchanged Talon relating to it, redemption shall be made only 
against the provision of such indemnity as the Issuer may require. 
(v) 
If the due date for redemption of any Materialised Note is not a due date for payment of 
interest, interest accrued from the preceding due date for payment of interest or the 
Interest Commencement Date, as the case may be, shall only be payable against 
presentation (and surrender if appropriate) of the relevant Definitive Materialised Note. 
Interest accrued on a Note that only bears interest after its Maturity Date shall be payable 
on redemption of such Note against presentation of the relevant Definitive Materialised 
Note. 
(vi) 
The provisions of paragraph (i) of this Condition 7(f) notwithstanding, if any Note should 
be issued with a maturity date and Interest Rate or Rates such that, on the presentation for 
payment of any such Notes without all unmatured Coupons attached thereto or 
surrendered therewith, the amount required by such paragraph (i) to be deducted in respect 
of such missing unmatured Coupons would be greater than the Redemption Amount 
otherwise due for payment, then, upon the due date for redemption of any such Note, such 
missing unmatured Coupons shall become void (and no payment shall be made in respect 
thereof) as shall be required so that, upon application of such paragraph (i) in respect of 
such Coupons as have not so become void, the amount required by such paragraph (i) to 
be deducted would not be greater than the Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption 
Amount, Optional Redemption Amount or the Optional Make-Whole Redemption 
Amount, as the case may be, otherwise due for payment (or, in the case of payment not 
being made in full, that proportion of the amount of such missing unmatured Coupons 
that the sum of principal so paid bears to the total principal due). Where the application 
of the foregoing sentence requires some but not all of such missing unmatured Coupons 
relating to a Note to become void, the relevant Paying Agent shall determine which 
missing unmatured Coupons (or proportion thereof) are to become void, and shall select 
for such purpose Coupons maturing on later dates in preference to Coupons maturing on 
earlier dates. 
(g) 
Talons: On or after the Interest Payment Date for the final Coupon forming part of a Coupon sheet 
issued in respect of any Materialised Note, the Talon forming part of such Coupon sheet may be 
surrendered at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet (and

--- Page 58 ---
58 
 
if necessary another Talon for a further Coupon sheet) (but excluding any Coupons that may have 
become void pursuant to Condition 9). 
(h) 
Non-Business Days: If any date for payment in respect of any Note or Coupon is not a business 
day, the Noteholder shall not be entitled to payment until the next following business day nor to 
any interest or other sum in respect of such postponed payment. In this paragraph, "business day" 
means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) (A) (i) in the case of Dematerialised Notes, on 
which Euroclear France is open for business or (ii) in the case of Materialised Notes, on which 
banks and foreign exchange markets are open for business in the relevant place of presentation, (B) 
on which banks and foreign exchange markets are open for business in such jurisdictions as shall 
be specified as "Financial Centres" in the relevant Final Terms and (C) (i) (in the case of a 
payment in a currency other than Euro), where payment is to be made by transfer to an account 
maintained with a bank in the relevant currency, on which foreign exchange transactions may be 
carried on in the relevant currency in the principal financial centre of the country of such currency 
or (ii) (in the case of a payment in Euro), which is a TARGET Business Day. 
8. 
Taxation 
(a) 
Withholding Tax: All payments of principal, interest and other revenues by or on behalf of the 
Issuer in respect of the Notes and Coupons shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding 
or deduction for, any taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature 
imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or on behalf of any jurisdiction or any political 
subdivision or any authority thereof having power to tax, unless such withholding or deduction is 
required by law. 
(b) 
Additional Amounts: If pursuant to French laws or regulations, payments of principal, interest or 
other revenues in respect of any Note or Coupon become subject to deduction or withholding in 
respect of any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever 
nature, the Issuer shall, to the fullest extent then permitted by law, pay such additional amounts as 
may be necessary in order that the holder of each Note or Coupon, after such deduction or 
withholding, will receive the full amount then due and payable thereon in the absence of such 
deduction or withholding; provided, however, that the Issuer shall not be liable to pay any such 
additional amounts in respect of any Note or Coupon: 
(i) 
Other Connection: to, or to a third party on behalf of, a Noteholder who is liable to such 
taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges in respect of such Note or Coupon by 
reason of his having some connection with France other than the mere holding of such 
Note or Coupon; or  
(ii) 
Presentation more than 30 days after the Relevant Date: in the case of Materialised 
Notes presented for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date, except to the 
extent that the Noteholder or the Couponholder, as the case may be, would have been 
entitled to such additional amounts on presenting it for payment on or before such thirtieth 
(30th) calendar day of such time period. 
As used in these Conditions, "Relevant Date" in respect of any Note or Coupon means the date 
on which payment in respect of it first becomes due or (if any amount of the money payable is 
improperly withheld or refused) the date on which payment in full of the amount outstanding is 
made or in the case of Materialised Notes (if earlier) the date seven days after that on which notice 
is duly given to the Noteholders that, upon further presentation of the Note or Coupon being made 
in accordance with the Conditions, such payment will be made, provided that payment is in fact 
made upon such presentation 
References in these Conditions to (i) "principal" shall be deemed to include any premium payable 
in respect of the Notes, all Instalment Amounts, Final Redemption Amounts, Early Redemption 
Amounts, Optional Redemption Amounts, Optional Make-Whole Redemption Amount, Amortised 
Face Amounts and all other amounts in the nature of principal payable pursuant to Condition 6 or 
any amendment or supplement to it, (ii) "interest" and/or "other revenues" shall be deemed to 
include all Interest Amounts and all other amounts payable pursuant to Condition 5 or any 
amendment or supplement to it and (iii) "principal" and/or "interest" and/or "other revenues" 
shall be deemed to include any additional amounts that may be payable under this Condition.

--- Page 59 ---
59 
 
FATCA Withholding: The Issuer shall be permitted to withhold or deduct any amounts required 
by the rules of U.S. Internal Revenue Code Sections 1471 through 1474 (or any amended or 
successor provisions), pursuant to any inter-governmental agreement, or implementing legislation 
adopted by another jurisdiction in connection with those provisions, or pursuant to any agreement 
with the U.S. Internal Revenue Service ("FATCA withholding") as a result of the Noteholder, 
beneficial owner or an intermediary (that is not an agent of the Issuer) not being entitled to receive 
payments free of FATCA withholding. The Issuer shall not be liable for, or otherwise obliged to 
pay, any FATCA withholding deducted or withheld by the Issuer, any paying agent or any other 
party. 
9. 
Prescription 
Claims against the Issuer for payment in respect of the Notes and Coupons (which for this purpose shall not 
include Talons) shall be prescribed and become void unless made within 10 years (in the case of principal) 
or 5 years (in the case of interest) from the appropriate Relevant Date in respect of them. 
10. 
Events of Default 
Any Noteholder may, upon written notice to the Issuer, with a copy to the Fiscal Agent, cause all the Notes 
(but not some only) held by such Noteholder to become immediately due and payable at their principal 
amount, together with interest accrued since the last Interest Payment Date (or, if applicable, since the Issue 
Date) preceding the early redemption date and until the date of effective redemption, if any of the following 
events occurs (an "Event of Default"):  
(a) 
if any amount of principal or interest on any Note shall not be paid by the Issuer on the due date 
thereof and such default shall not be remedied by the Issuer within a period of 15 days from such 
due date; or 
(b) 
if the Issuer defaults in the due performance of any obligation in respect of the Notes (other than 
as referred in (a) above) and such default continues for a period of 30 days (unless such default is 
not curable in which case such period shall not apply) following receipt by the Issuer of a written 
notice of such default; or 
(c) 
if (i) any present or future Financial Indebtedness (as defined in Condition 3) of the Issuer or any 
of its Material Subsidiaries (as defined in Condition 2) shall become due and payable and shall not 
be paid when due or, as the case may be, after the expiration of any originally applicable grace 
period or (ii) any guarantee or indemnity given by the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries for 
Financial Indebtedness of others shall not be honoured when due or called upon or, as the case may 
be, after the expiration of any originally applicable grace period, provided that the amounts due in 
respect of (i) and (ii) are, individually or in the aggregate, equal to or in excess of €50,000,000 (or 
its equivalent in any other currency), and unless in any such event (x) the Issuer or such Material 
Subsidiary, as the case may be, is disputing in good faith that such Financial Indebtedness is due 
and payable or that such guarantee or indemnity is due and callable, in which case such event shall 
not constitute an Event of Default hereunder so long as the dispute shall not have been irrevocably 
adjudicated or (y) the amount due is not paid due to circumstances affecting the making or clearing 
of the payment which are outside the control of the Issuer or such Material Subsidiary, as the case 
may be, in which case such event shall not constitute an Event of Default so long as such 
circumstances continue in existence; or  
(d) 
if the Issuer is wound up or dissolved or ceases to carry on all or substantially all of its business 
except (i) in connection with a merger or spin-off (including fusion-scission), consolidation, 
amalgamation or other form of reorganisation (including a management buy-out or leveraged buy-
out) pursuant to which the surviving entity shall be the transferee of or successor to all or 
substantially all of the business of the Issuer and assumes all of the obligations of the Issuer with 
respect to the Notes or (ii) on such other terms approved by the Noteholders by a Collective 
Decision; or 
(e) 
if (i) any judgment is issued for the judicial liquidation (liquidation judiciaire) of the Issuer or any 
of its Material Subsidiaries or the transfer of the whole of the business (cession totale de 
l'entreprise) of the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries in the context of a procedure of judicial

--- Page 60 ---
60 
 
liquidation (liquidation judiciaire) or of a judicial rehabilitation (redressement judiciaire) or (ii) 
the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries is subject to any similar proceedings whatsoever.   
11. 
Representation of Noteholders 
The Noteholders will, in respect of all Tranches of the relevant Series, be grouped automatically for the 
defence of their common interests in a masse (the "Masse") which will be governed by the provisions of 
articles L.228-46 et seq. of the French Code de commerce as amended by this Condition 11. 
The Masse alone, to the exclusion of all individual Noteholders, shall exercise the common rights, actions 
and benefits which may accrue with respect to the Notes, without prejudice to the rights that Noteholders 
may exercise individually in accordance with, and subject to, the provisions of the terms and conditions of 
the Notes. 
(a) 
Legal Personality of the Masse 
The Masse will be a separate legal entity and will act in part through a representative (the 
"Representative") and in part through collective decisions of the Noteholders (the "Collective 
Decisions"). 
(b) 
Representative 
The names and addresses of the Representative and its alternate (if any), will be set out in the 
relevant Final Terms. The Representative appointed in respect of the first Tranche of any Series of 
Notes will be the Representative of the single Masse of all subsequent Tranches in such Series. 
The Representative will be entitled to such remuneration in connection with its functions or duties 
as set out in the relevant Final Terms. No additional remuneration is payable in relation to any 
subsequent Tranche of any given Series. 
In the event of death, liquidation, retirement, resignation or revocation of appointment of the 
Representative, such Representative will be replaced by its alternate, if any. Another Representative 
may be appointed. Collective Decisions in relation to the appointment or replacement of the 
Representative shall be published in accordance with Condition 11(j). 
All interested parties will at all times have the right to obtain the names and addresses of the 
Representative and the alternate Representative (if any) at the head office of the Issuer. 
(c) 
Powers of Representative 
The Representative shall (in the absence of any Collective Decision to the contrary) have the power 
to take all acts of management necessary in order to defend the common interests of the 
Noteholders, with the capacity to delegate its powers.  
All legal proceedings against the Noteholders or initiated by them, must be brought by or against 
the Representative. 
(d) 
Collective Decisions 
Collective Decisions are adopted either (i) in a general meeting (the "General Meetings"), or (ii) 
by unanimous consent of the Noteholders following a written consultation (the "Written 
Unanimous Decisions"), or (iii) by the consent of one or more Noteholders holding together at 
least 75 per cent. of the principal amount of the Notes outstanding, following a written consultation 
(the "Written Majority Decisions", and together with the Written Unanimous Decisions, the 
"Written Decisions").  
In accordance with Article R. 228-71 of the French Code de commerce, the rights of each 
Noteholder to participate in Collective Decisions will be evidenced by the entries in the books of 
the relevant Account Holder or the Issuer or the Registration Agent (as the case may be) of the 
name of such Noteholder as of 0:00 Paris time, on the second (2nd) business day in Paris preceding 
the date set for the Collective Decision. 
Collective Decisions must be published in accordance with Condition 11(j).

--- Page 61 ---
61 
 
The Issuer shall hold a register of the Collective Decisions and shall make it available, upon 
request, to any subsequent holder of any of the Notes of such Series. 
(e) 
General Meetings 
A General Meeting may be called at any time, either by the Issuer or by the Representative. One or 
more Noteholders, holding together at least one-thirtieth (1/30) of the principal amount of Notes 
outstanding, may address to the Issuer and the Representative a demand for a General Meeting to 
be called. If such General Meeting has not been called within two (2) months after such demand, 
the Noteholders may commission one of them to petition the competent court to appoint an agent 
(mandataire) who will call the General Meeting. 
General Meetings may deliberate validly on first convocation only if the Noteholders present or 
represented hold at least one-fifth (1/5) of the principal amount of the Notes then outstanding. On 
second convocation, no quorum shall be required. The decisions of the General Meeting shall be 
taken by a two-thirds majority of votes held by the Noteholders attending such General Meeting or 
represented thereat.  
Notice of the date, time, place and agenda of any General Meeting will be published in accordance 
with Condition 11(j) not less than 15 days prior to the date of the General Meeting on first 
convocation and not less than 5 days prior to the date of the General Meeting on second 
convocation. 
Each Noteholder has the right to participate in a General Meeting in person, by proxy or by 
correspondence.  
Each Noteholder or representative thereof will have the right to consult or make a copy of the text 
of the resolutions which will be proposed and of the reports, if any, which will be presented at the 
General Meeting, all of which will be available for inspection by the relevant Noteholders at the 
registered office of the Issuer and at any other place specified in the notice of the General Meeting, 
during the 15 day period preceding the holding of the General Meeting on first convocation, or 
during the 5 day period preceding the holding of the General Meeting on second convocation. 
The General Meeting is chaired by the Representative. In the event of the absence of a 
representative at the start of a General Meeting and if no Noteholder is present or represented at 
the General Meeting, the Issuer may, notwithstanding the provisions of Article L.228-64 of the 
French Code de commerce, designate a provisional chairman until a new Representative has been 
appointed. 
(f) 
Written Decisions 
At the initiative of the Issuer, Collective Decisions may also be taken by Written Unanimous 
Decisions or Written Majority Decisions.  
(i) 
Written Unanimous Decision 
Written Unanimous Decisions shall be signed by or on behalf of all the Noteholders. 
Approval of a Written Unanimous Decision may also be given by way of electronic 
communication allowing the identification of Noteholders in accordance with Article 
L.228-46-1 of the French Code de commerce ("Electronic Consent"). Any such decision 
shall, for all purposes, have the same effect as a resolution passed at a General Meeting 
of such Noteholders. Such Written Unanimous Decision may be contained in one 
document, or in several documents in like form each signed by or on behalf of one or 
more of such Noteholders, and shall be published in accordance with Condition 11(j). 
(ii) 
Written Majority Decision 
Notices seeking the approval of a Written Majority Decision, will be published as 
provided under Condition 11(j) no less than 15 days prior to the date fixed for the passing 
of such Written Majority Decision (the "Written Majority Decision Date"). Notices 
seeking the approval of a Written Majority Decision will contain the conditions of form 
and time limits to be complied with by the Noteholders who wish to express their approval 
or rejection of such proposed Written Majority Decision. Noteholders expressing their 
approval or rejection before the Written Majority Decision Date will undertake not to 
dispose of their Notes until after the Written Majority Decision Date.

--- Page 62 ---
62 
 
Written Majority Decisions shall be signed by one or more Noteholders holding together 
at least 662/3 per cent. of the principal amount of the Notes outstanding. Approval of a 
Written Majority Decision may also be given by Electronic Consent. Any Written 
Majority Decision shall, for all purposes, have the same effect as a resolution passed at a 
General Meeting of the Noteholders. Such Written Majority Decisions may be contained 
in one document, or in several documents in like form each signed by or on one behalf of 
one or more of the Noteholders, and shall be published in accordance with Condition 11(j). 
(g) 
Exclusion of certain provisions of the French Code de commerce 
Changes in the corporate form of the Issuer, or a merger or a demerger relating to an intra-group 
reorganisation within the current Group perimeter, where the entity which will assume the liabilities 
of the Issuer under the Notes is incorporated in a member country of the Organisation for Economic 
Co-operation and Development (OECD), will not require prior approval by the General Meeting 
of the Noteholders and consequently, the provisions of Article L.228-65 I 1°, in relation to proposed 
changes in the corporate form of the Issuer only, and 3°, in relation to the proposed merger or 
demerger of the Issuer, in the context of such intra-group reorganisation of the French Code de 
commerce, and the related provisions of the French Code de commerce, shall not apply to the Notes. 
(h) 
Expenses 
The Issuer shall pay all expenses relating to the operations of the Masse, including all expenses 
relating to the calling and holding of Collective Decisions and, more generally, all administrative 
expenses resolved upon by Collective Decisions, it being expressly stipulated that no expenses may 
be imputed against interest payable under the Notes. 
(i) 
Single Masse 
The holders of Notes of the same Series, and the holders of Notes of any other Series which have 
been assimilated with the Notes of such first mentioned Series in accordance with Condition 13 
(Further Issues), shall, for the defence of their respective common interests, be grouped in a single 
Masse. 
(j) 
Sole Noteholder 
If and for so long as the Notes of any Series are held by a sole Noteholder and unless a 
Representative has been appointed in relation to such Series, such Noteholder shall exercise all 
powers, rights and obligations entrusted to the Masse by the provisions of the French Code de 
commerce. The Issuer shall hold a register of the decisions taken by the sole Noteholder in this 
capacity and shall make it available, upon request, to any subsequent holder of any of the Notes of 
such Series. 
(k) 
Notices for the purpose of this Condition 11 
Any notice to be given to Noteholders in accordance with this Condition 11 shall be published on 
the website of the Issuer (www.carmila.com) and, 
(i) 
in the case of the holders of Notes in registered form (au nominatif), mailed to them at 
their respective addresses, in which case they shall be deemed to have been given on the 
fourth (4th) weekday (being a day other than a Saturday or a Sunday) after the mailing; or 
(ii) 
in the case of the holders of Notes in bearer form (au porteur), given by delivery of the 
relevant notice to Euroclear France, Euroclear, Clearstream and any other clearing system 
through which the Notes are for the time being cleared.  
Any decision to proceed with a transaction, notwithstanding the failure to obtain Noteholders' 
approval, as contemplated by Article L.228-72 of the French Code de commerce will be notified 
to Noteholders in accordance with this Condition 11(j). Any Noteholder will then have the right to 
request redemption of its Notes at par within 30 days of the date of notification, in which case the 
Issuer shall redeem such Noteholder within 30 days of the Noteholder's request for redemption. 
If a merger or a spin-off is contemplated by the Issuer, the Issuer will have the option to submit the 
proposal for approval by a Collective Decision of the Masse or to offer redemption at par to

--- Page 63 ---
63 
 
Noteholders pursuant to Article L. 228-73 of the French Code de commerce. Such redemption offer 
shall be notified to Noteholders in accordance with this Condition 11(j). If the Masse does not 
approve the merger or spin-off proposal, any decision to proceed with the transaction will be 
notified to Noteholders in accordance with this Condition 11(j). 
In this Condition 11, the expression "outstanding" does not include the Notes subscribed or purchased by 
the Issuer in accordance with applicable laws which are held by the Issuer and not cancelled. 
12. 
Replacement of Materialised Notes, Coupons and Talons 
If, in the case of any Materialised Notes, a Definitive Materialised Note, Coupon or Talon is lost, stolen, 
mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced, subject to applicable laws, regulations and Regulated 
Market regulations, at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent or such other Paying Agent as may from time 
to time be designated by the Issuer for the purpose and notice of whose designation is given to Noteholders, 
in each case on payment by the claimant of the fees and costs incurred in connection therewith and on such 
terms as to evidence, security and indemnity (which may provide, inter alia, that if the allegedly lost, stolen 
or destroyed Definitive Materialised Note, Coupon or Talon is subsequently presented for payment or, as 
the case may be, for exchange for further Coupons, there shall be paid to the Issuer on demand the amount 
payable by the Issuer in respect of such Definitive Materialised Notes, Coupons or further Coupons) and 
otherwise as the Issuer may require. Mutilated or defaced Materialised Notes, Coupons or Talons must be 
surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
13. 
Further Issues 
The Issuer may from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders create and issue 
further notes to be assimilated (assimilées) and form a single series with the Notes provided such Notes and 
the further notes carry rights identical in all respects (or in all respects save for the nominal amount thereof, 
the issue price and the first payment of interest specified in the relevant Final Terms) and that the terms of 
such further notes provide for such assimilation and references in these Conditions to "Notes" shall be 
construed accordingly. 
14. 
Notices 
(a) 
Subject to Condition 14(d), notices to the holders of Dematerialised Notes in registered form (au 
nominatif) shall be valid if either, (i) they are mailed to them at their respective addresses, in which 
case they will be deemed to have been given on the fourth (4th) weekday (being a day other than a 
Saturday or a Sunday) after the mailing, or, (ii) at the option of the Issuer, they are published in a 
leading daily newspaper of general circulation in Europe; provided that, so long as such Notes are 
admitted to trading on any Regulated Market and the rules applicable to such Regulated Market so 
require, notices shall be valid if published in a daily newspaper with general circulation in the 
city/ies where the Regulated Market on which such Notes is/are admitted to trading is located 
which, in the case of Euronext Paris, is expected to be Les Echos, and as otherwise required by the 
applicable rules of that Regulated Market, as the case may be. 
(b) 
Notices to the holders of Materialised Notes and Dematerialised Notes in bearer form (au porteur) 
shall be valid if published in a daily leading newspaper of general circulation in Europe and so 
long as such Notes are admitted to trading on any Regulated Market and the rules applicable to 
such Regulated Market so require, in a leading daily newspaper with general circulation in the 
city/ies where the Regulated Market on which such Notes is/are admitted to trading is located 
which, in the case of Euronext Paris is expected to be Les Echos, and as otherwise required by the 
applicable rules of that Regulated Market, as the case may be. 
(c) 
If any such publication is not practicable, notice shall be validly given if published in another 
leading daily English language newspaper with general circulation in Europe, provided that so long 
as such Notes are admitted to trading on any Regulated Market, notice shall be published as 
otherwise required by the applicable rules of that Regulated Market, as the case may be. Any such 
notice shall be deemed to have been given on the date of such publication or, if published more 
than once or on different dates, on the date of the first publication as provided above. Holders of 
Coupons shall be deemed for all purposes to have notice of the contents of any notice given to the 
holders of Materialised Notes in accordance with this Condition.

--- Page 64 ---
64 
 
(d) 
Notices required to be given to the holders of Dematerialised Notes (whether in registered or in 
bearer form) (au nominatif ou au porteur) pursuant to these Conditions may be given by delivery 
of the relevant notice to Euroclear France, Euroclear, Clearstream and any other clearing system 
through which the Notes are for the time being cleared in substitution for the mailing and 
publication as required by Conditions 14 (a), (b) and (c) above; except that so long as such Notes 
are listed on any Regulated Market and the rules applicable to such Regulated Market so require, 
notices shall also be published in a daily newspaper with general circulation in the city/ies where 
the Regulated Market on which such Notes are admitted to trading is/are located which, in the case 
of Euronext Paris is expected to be Les Echos, and as otherwise required by the applicable rules of 
that Regulated Market, as the case may be.  
(e) 
For the avoidance of doubt, this Condition 14 shall not apply to notices to be given pursuant to 
Condition 11. 
15. 
Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
(a) 
Governing Law: The Notes and where applicable, the Coupons and the Talons, are governed by, 
and shall be construed in accordance with, French law. 
(b) 
Jurisdiction: The competent courts within the jurisdiction of the Court of Appeal of Paris have 
non-exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute arising out of or in connection with any Notes, 
Coupons or Talons.

--- Page 65 ---
65 
 
TEMPORARY GLOBAL CERTIFICATES ISSUED IN RESPECT OF MATERIALISED 
NOTES 
Temporary Global Certificates 
A Temporary Global Certificate, without interest Coupons, will initially be issued in connection with Materialised 
Notes. Upon the initial deposit of such Temporary Global Certificate with a common depositary for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg (the "Common Depositary"), Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg will credit the 
accounts of each subscriber with a nominal amount of Notes equal to the nominal amount thereof for which it has 
subscribed and paid. 
The Common Depositary may also credit with a nominal amount of Notes the accounts of subscribers with (if 
indicated in the relevant Final Terms) other clearing systems through direct or indirect accounts with Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg held by such other clearing systems. Conversely, a nominal amount of Notes that is 
initially deposited with any other clearing system may similarly be credited to the accounts of subscribers with 
Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or other clearing systems. 
Exchange 
Each Temporary Global Certificate issued in respect of Notes will be exchangeable, free of charge to the holder, on 
or after its Exchange Date (as defined below): 
(i) 
if the relevant Final Terms indicates that such Temporary Global Certificate is issued in compliance with the 
C Rules or in a transaction to which TEFRA is not applicable (as to which, see "Subscription and Sale" 
below), in whole, but not in part, for the Definitive Materialised Notes; and 
(ii) 
otherwise, in whole but not in part upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership (a form of which 
shall be available at the specified offices of any of the Paying Agents) for Definitive Materialised Notes. 
Delivery of Definitive Materialised Notes 
On or after its Exchange Date, the holder of a Temporary Global Certificate may surrender such Temporary Global 
Certificate to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent. In exchange for any Temporary Global Certificate, the Issuer will 
deliver, or procure the delivery of, an equal aggregate nominal amount of duly executed and authenticated Definitive 
Materialised Notes. In this Base Prospectus, Definitive Materialised Notes means, in relation to any Temporary 
Global Certificate, the Definitive Materialised Notes for which such Temporary Global Certificate may be exchanged 
(if appropriate, having attached to them all Coupons in respect of interest that has not already been paid on the 
Temporary Global Certificate and a Talon). Definitive Materialised Notes will be security printed in accordance with 
any applicable legal and Regulated Market requirements. Forms of such Definitive Materialised Notes shall be 
available at the specified offices of any of the Paying Agent(s). 
Exchange Date 
"Exchange Date" means, in relation to a Temporary Global Certificate, the calendar day falling after the expiry of 
40 calendar days after its issue date, provided that, in the event any further Materialised Notes are issued prior to 
such day pursuant to Condition 13(a), the Exchange Date for such Temporary Global Certificate shall be postponed 
to the calendar day falling after the expiry of 40 calendar days after the issue of such further Materialised Notes.

--- Page 66 ---
66 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds of the issue of the Notes will be used (i) for the Group's general corporate purposes or (ii) to finance 
and/or refinance, in whole or in part, the Eligible Green Assets (such Notes being "Green Bonds"), as defined in the 
relevant Final Terms and described in the Issuer’s green bond framework (as amended, supplemented and/or replaced 
from 
time 
to 
time, 
the 
"Green 
Bond 
Framework") 
available 
on 
the 
Issuer’s 
website 
(https://www.carmila.com/en/finance/green-bond/). If, in respect of any particular issue of Notes, there is a particular 
identified use of proceeds (other than as specified above), it will be specified in the relevant Final Terms.  
 
In relation to Green Bonds, the Green Bond Framework is aligned with the four core components of the Green Bond 
Principles published by the International Capital Market Association or any more recent version such as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms (the "Green Bond Principles"). It may be further updated or expanded to reflect evolutions 
in market practices, regulation and in the Issuer’s activities.  
 
The Green Bond Framework sets out categories of eligible green assets (the "Eligible Green Assets") which must 
satisfy all the following criteria: (i) existing and/or future shopping centres and retail park properties owned by the 
Issuer in France, Italy or Spain, (ii) located at a distance to public transport networks not exceeding 500 meters, (iii) 
if located in France, having already existing or planned set up of a Green Lease with its tenants (for properties falling 
under the scope of French Law no. 2010-788 of 12 July 2010 establishing a national commitment to the environment, 
i.e., commercial properties with an area of more than 2000 square meters) and (iv) meeting at least one of the 
Eligibility Criteria, all as further described and/or defined in the Green Bond Framework.  
 
The Issuer has appointed Sustainalytics to provide a second party opinion (the "Second Party Opinion") on the 
Green Bond Framework, assessing the transparency and governance of the Green Bond Framework as well as its 
alignment with the Green Bond Principles. This Second Party Opinion is available, and any further second party 
opinions which may be rendered in respect of the issue of Notes within the Green Bond Framework will be available, 
on the Issuer’s website (https://www.carmila.com/en/finance/green-bond/). Any amendment to such Second Party 
Opinion, or any new Second Party Opinion, to be provided by a third party following an amendment to the Green 
Bond Framework, the publication of a new Green Bond Framework or in application of any new legislation or 
regulation, will be made available on the Issuer's website. Neither the Second Party Opinion nor the Green Bond 
Framework is incorporated in, nor forms part of, this Base Prospectus. 
 
Within one year from any Green Bond issuance and annually thereafter, the Issuer will report on the earmarking of 
the proceeds to Eligible Green Assets and associated environmental impact metrics at least until an amount equal to 
the proceeds of its outstanding Green Bond issuances has been fully earmarked to Eligible Green Assets, and in case 
of material changes thereafter. The reporting will specify the total amount allocated to the various categories of 
projects included in the portfolio. The Issuer's annual reporting will be subject to verification by an external verifier. 
The external verifier will verify (i) compliance of the Eligible Green Assets with the eligibility criteria defined in the 
Green Bond Framework, (ii) the proceeds allocated to Eligible Green Assets and (iii) the management of proceeds 
including the remaining balance of unallocated proceeds. The Issuer's annual reporting, which will include an 
allocation report and an impact report, and the external verifiers’ assurance report will be made available on the 
Issuer’s website (https://www.carmila.com/en/finance/).  
 
Such opinion or certification is not, nor should be deemed to be, a recommendation by the Issuer, the Arranger, the 
Dealers or any other person to buy, sell or hold any such Notes. As a result, neither the Issuer nor the Arranger or the 
Dealers will be, or shall be deemed, liable for any issue in connection with its content.  
 
Prior to any investment in Notes in which an amount equal to the net proceeds are to be used to finance and/or 
refinance Eligible Green Assets, as further specified in the relevant Final Terms, investors are advised to consult the 
Green Bond Framework for further information.

--- Page 67 ---
67 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER 
The description of the Issuer is set out in the 2021 Universal Registration Document and the 2022 Half Year 
Financial Report incorporated by reference herein (please see the section headed "Documents Incorporated by 
Reference" on pages 24 to 27 of this Base Prospectus).

--- Page 68 ---
68 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS  
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the European Economic Area (the "EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who 
is one (or both) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended,"EU MiFID II"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. 
Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the "EU 
PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in 
the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to 
retail investors in the EEA may be unlawful under the EU PRIIPs Regulation.  
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor 
in the United Kingdom. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or both) of: (i) a retail 
client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic law 
by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of 
the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the "FSMA") and any rules or regulations made 
under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic 
law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the United Kingdom has 
been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
EU MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS ONLY 
TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the 
target market assessment in respect of the Notes, taking into account the five categories referred to in item 18 
of the Guidelines published by ESMA on 5 February 2018 has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market 
for the Notes are eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU 
(as amended, "EU MiFID II"); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and 
professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
"distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to EU MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels. 
[UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET ASSESSMENT – Solely for the purposes 
of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes, 
taking into account the five categories referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines published by ESMA on 5 February 
2018 (in accordance with the FCA’s policy statement entitled "Brexit our approach to EU non-legislative 
materials"), has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties, as defined 
in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook ("COBS"), and professional clients, as defined in 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA ("UK MiFIR"); and 
(ii) all channels for distribution to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the 
manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product 
Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or 
refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.]

--- Page 69 ---
69 
 
Final Terms dated [•] 
 
Carmila  
 
[Logo, if document is printed] 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) of the Issuer: 222100P6D3QKU33LZQ72 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the €1,500,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
 
Series No.: [] 
Tranche No.: [] 
Issue Price: [] per cent. 
 
[Name(s) of Dealer(s)]

--- Page 70 ---
70 
 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the terms and conditions (the 
"Conditions") set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 8 November 2022 which received approval no. 22-436 
from the Autorité des marchés financiers ("AMF") in France on 8 November 2022 [and the supplement[s] to 
the Base Prospectus dated [●] which received approval no. [●] from the AMF on [●]] which [together] 
constitute[s] a base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus") for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017 (as may be amended from time to time, the "EU 
Prospectus Regulation"). This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the 
purposes of Article 8 of the EU Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with such Base 
Prospectus [as so supplemented].  
Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of 
these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus [as so supplemented]. The Base Prospectus [, the supplement[s] to 
the Base Prospectus] and the Final Terms are available for viewing on the websites of (a) the AMF (www.amf-
france.org) and (b) the Issuer (www.carmila.com/en/finance/emtn-programme).  
[The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was 
issued under a Base Prospectus with an earlier date. 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions [(the "2019 
Conditions")]/ [the "2020 Conditions"] set forth in the Base Prospectus dated [[17 July 2019 which received 
approval no 19-364 from the Autorité des marches financiers (the "AMF") in France on 17 July 2019 (the 
"Original Base Prospectus")][5 August 2020 which received approval no 20-381 from the Autorité des 
marches financiers (the "AMF") in France on 5 August 2020 (the "2020 Base Prospectus")]]. 
This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of Article 8 of 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017 (as may be amended 
from time to time, the "EU Prospectus Regulation") and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus 
dated 8 November 2022 which received approval no. 22-436 from the AMF on 8 November 2022 [and the 
supplement[s] to the Base Prospectus dated [●] which received approval no. [●] from the AMF on [●]] which 
[together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus") for the purposes of the EU Prospectus 
Regulation, save in respect of the 2019 Conditions which are extracted from the Original Base Prospectus and 
are attached hereto.] 
Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of 
these Final Terms, the 2020 Conditions, the 2019 Conditions and the Base Prospectus dated 8 November 2022 
[and the supplement to the Base Prospectus dated [●] which received approval no. [●] from the AMF on [●]]. 
The Base Prospectus [, the supplement[s] to the Base Prospectus] and the Final Terms are available for viewing 
on the websites of (a) the AMF (www.amf-france.org) and (b) the Issuer (www.carmila.com/en/finance/emtn-
programme).] 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable" (N/A). Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs or sub-paragraphs (in 
which case the sub-paragraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be deleted). Italics denote 
guidance for completing the Final Terms.] 
 
1. 
(i) Series Number: 
[       ] 
(ii) Tranche Number: 
[       ] 
(iii) Date on which the Notes 
become fungible: 
[Not Applicable/ The Notes shall be consolidated, form a 
single series and be interchangeable for trading purposes 
with the existing [insert issue amount] Notes due [insert 
maturity date] issued by the Issuer on [insert issue 
date]/the Issue Date] 
2. 
Specified Currency: 
[       ] 
3. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount of 
Notes admitted to trading: 
[       ]

--- Page 71 ---
71 
 
(i) Series: 
[       ] 
(ii) Tranche: 
[       ] 
4. 
Issue Price: 
[  ] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus 
accrued interest from [insert date] (if applicable)] 
5. 
Specified Denomination(s): 
[       ] (one denomination only for Dematerialised Notes) 
6. 
(i) Issue Date: 
[       ] 
(ii) Interest Commencement Date: 
[       ] 
7. 
Maturity Date: 
[Specify date or (for Floating Rate Notes) Interest Payment 
Date falling in or nearest to the relevant month and year] 
8. 
Interest Basis: 
[[•] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
[[EURIBOR/EUR CMS] +/– [•] per cent. Floating Rate] 
[Zero Coupon] 
[Fixed/Floating Rate] 
(further particulars specified below) 
9. 
Change of Interest Basis: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[Specify the date when any change of interest basis occurs 
or refer to paragraphs 12 and 13 below and identify 
there] 
10. Put/Call Options: 
 
[Not Applicable] 
[Call Option] 
[Residual Maturity Call Option] 
[Squeeze-out Call Option] 
[Optional Make-Whole Redemption by the Issuer] 
[Put Option] 
[Change of Control Put Option] 
[(further particulars specified below)] 
11. Date of the corporate authorisations 
for issuance of the Notes: 
[    ] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
12. Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
(Condition 5(a)) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(i) 
Rate[s] of Interest: 
[    ] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date. 
(ii) Interest Payment Date[s]: 
[     ] in each year  
(iii) Fixed Coupon Amount[s]: 
[   ] per Specified Denomination

--- Page 72 ---
72 
 
(iv) Broken Amount[s]: 
[   ] per Specified Denomination, payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [   ] [Not Applicable] 
(v) Day Count Fraction 
(Condition 5(i)): 
[Actual/Actual] 
[Actual/Actual – ISDA] 
[Actual/365 (FBF)] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/Actual (FBF)] 
[Actual/360] 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
[30/360], [360/360] or [Bond Basis] 
[30E/360] or [Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360 (FBF)] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
[Actual/Actual-ICMA] 
[Not applicable] 
(vi) Determination Dates 
(Condition 5(i)): 
[   ] in each year (Insert regular interest payment dates, 
ignoring issue date or maturity date in the case of a long 
or short first or last coupon. N.B. only relevant where 
Day Count Fraction is Actual/Actual (ICMA))[Not 
Applicable] 
13. Floating Rate Note Provisions 
(Condition 5 (b)) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(i) 
Interest Period[s]: 
[   ] 
(ii) Specified Interest Payment 
Dates: 
[[   ] in each year[, subject to adjustment in accordance 
with the Business Day Convention set out in (iv) below] / 
[not subject to any adjustment] 
(iii) First Interest Period Date: 
[      ] 
(iv) Business Day Convention 
(Condition 5(b)): 
[Floating Rate Business Day Convention/ Following 
Business Day Convention/ Modified Following Business 
Day Convention/ Preceding Business Day Convention]  
(v) Business Centre[s] (Condition 
5(i)): 
[    ] (Note that this item relates to interest period end 
dates and not to the date and place of payments to which 
item 21 relates) 
(vi) Manner in which the Rate[s] 
of Interest is/are to be 
determined: 
[ISDA Determination/FBF Determination/Screen Rate 
Determination-IBOR/Linear Interpolation]

--- Page 73 ---
73 
 
(vii) Interest Period Dates: 
[Not Applicable/Specify dates] 
(viii) Party responsible for 
calculating the Rate[s] of 
Interest and Interest 
Amount[s] (if not the 
Calculation Agent): 
[      ] 
(ix) ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(if not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
– Floating Rate Option: 
[       ] 
– Designated Maturity: 
[       ] 
– Reset Date: 
[       ] 
– ISDA Definitions: 
[2006 ISDA Definitions]/[2021 ISDA Definitions] 
(Sub-paragraphs below only relevant if "2021 ISDA 
Definitions" is selected – otherwise, delete) 
[ – Calculation Period: 
[] 
– Fixing Day: 
[] 
– Effective Date: 
Interest Commencement Date / [] 
– Termination Date: 
As per Condition 5(b)(iii)(A) / [] 
– Delayed Payment: 
[Applicable[: specify applicable number of days] (if no 
number is specified, the applicable number of days shall 
be five (5) days) / Not Applicable] 
– Compounding: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
(Only applicable where the Floating Rate Option is an 
overnight rate) 
– OIS Compounding: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
– Compounding with Lookback: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
[Lookback: [●]] 
(If no number is specified, and there is no default 
applicable to the Floating Rate Option, the default value 
will be five (5)) 
– Compounding with Observation 
Period Shift: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
[Observation Period Shift: [●]] 
(If no number is specified, and there is no default 
applicable to the Floating Rate Option, the default value 
will be five (5)) 
– Set in Advance: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]

--- Page 74 ---
74 
 
– Observation Period Shift Additional 
Business Days: 
[] 
– Compound with Lockout: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
Lockout Period Business Day: [specify the relevant 
financial center(s)] 
[Lockout: [●]] 
(If no number is specified, and there is no default 
applicable to the Floating Rate Option, the default value 
of the Lockout will be five (5)) 
– 2021 ISDA Definitions Linear 
Interpolation: 
[Applicable (specify the Shorter Designated Maturity and 
the Longer Designated Maturity, each as defined in the 
2021 ISDA Definitions) / Not Applicable] ] 
(x) 
Adjusted Interest Rate: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(xi) 
Margin(s): 
[+/–] [] per cent. per annum 
(xii) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[Not Applicable] / [[] per cent. per annum]1  
(xiii) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[Not Applicable] / [[] per cent. per annum] 
(xiv) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual] 
[Actual/Actual – ISDA] 
[Actual/365 (FBF)] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/Actual (FBF)] 
[Actual/360] 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
[30/360], [360/360] or [Bond Basis] 
[30E/360] or [Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360 (FBF)] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
[Actual/Actual-ICMA] 
[Not applicable] 
(x)    FBF Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(if not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
         – Floating Rate: 
[       ] 
 
1 In no event shall the amount of interest payable be less than zero.

--- Page 75 ---
75 
 
         – Floating Rate 
Determination Date (Date 
de Détermination du Taux 
Variable): 
[       ] 
(xi) Screen Rate Determination-
IBOR: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(if not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
– Reference Rate: 
[EURIBOR/ EUR CMS]   
– Relevant Financial Centre: 
[       ]   
– Interest Determination Date: 
[       ]   
– Relevant Screen Page: 
 
 
[       ]   
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters EURIBOR01 
ensure it is a page which shows a composite rate)       
(xii)   Linear Interpolation 
[Not Applicable/Applicable – the Rate of Interest for the 
[long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be calculated 
using Linear Interpolation (specify for each short or long 
interest period)] 
– Applicable Maturity: 
[       ] 
(xiii) Margin[s]: 
[+/-][ ] per cent. per annum 
(xv) Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[[Zero /[•]] per cent. per annum] 
(xv) Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[[    ] per cent. per annum / Not applicable] 
(xvi) Day Count Fraction 
(Condition 5(i)): 
[Actual/Actual] 
[Actual/Actual – ISDA] 
[Actual/365 (FBF)] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/Actual (FBF)] 
[Actual/360] 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
[30/360], [360/360] or [Bond Basis] 
[30E/360] or [Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360 (FBF)] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
[Actual/Actual-ICMA]

--- Page 76 ---
76 
 
14. Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
(Conditions 5(d) and 6(b)) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(i)     Amortisation Yield: 
[       ] per cent. per annum 
(ii)     Day Count Fraction in 
relation to Early Redemption: 
[Actual/Actual] 
[Actual/Actual – ISDA] 
[Actual/365 (FBF)] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/Actual (FBF)] 
[Actual/360] 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
[30/360], [360/360] or [Bond Basis] 
[30E/360] or [Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360 (FBF)] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
[Actual/Actual-ICMA] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
15. Call Option (Condition 6(d)) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date[s]: 
[       ] 
(ii) Optional Redemption 
Amount[s] of each Note: 
[[       ] per Specified Denomination]/[Condition 6(b) 
applies] 
(iii) If redeemable in part: 
 
(a) Minimum Redemption 
Amount: 
[       ] per Specified Denomination 
(b) Maximum Redemption 
Amount: 
[       ] per Specified Denomination 
(iv) Notice period: 
[As per Conditions] /[not less than [●] days nor more than 
[●] days] 
 
16. Residual Maturity Call Option 
(Condition 6(e)) 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph)

--- Page 77 ---
77 
 
        (i) Initial Residual Maturity Call 
Option Date: 
[    ] 
        (ii) Notice period: 
 
[As per Conditions] /[not less than [●] days nor more than 
[●] days 
 
17. Squeeze-out Call Option 
(Condition 6(f)) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(i) 
Minimum Percentage:  
[       ] per cent. 
(ii) Notice period: 
[As per Conditions] /[not less than [●] days nor more than 
[●] days] 
18. Optional Make-Whole 
Redemption by the Issuer 
(Condition 6(g)) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(i) 
Early Redemption Margin: 
[       ] per cent. 
(ii) Reference Benchmark 
Security: 
[       ]  
(iii) Reference Dealers: 
[       ]/[As per Conditions] 
19. Put Option (Condition 6(h)) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 (i) Optional Redemption Date[s]: 
[       ] 
(ii) Optional Redemption 
Amount[s] of each Note: 
[[       ] per Specified Denomination]/[Condition 6(b) 
applies] 
(iii) Notice period: 
 
20. Change of Control Put Option 
(Condition 6(i)) 
[As per Conditions] /[not less than [●] days nor more than 
[●] days] 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
21. Form of Notes: 
 
[Dematerialised Notes/Materialised Notes] (Materialised 
Notes are only in bearer form) [Delete as appropriate] 
 
(i) Form of Dematerialised Notes: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If applicable, specify 
whether bearer dematerialised form (au porteur) / 
registered dematerialised form (au nominatif administré) / 
fully registered dematerialised form (au nominatif pur)) 
 
(ii) Registration Agent: 
[Not Applicable/If Applicable, give name and details] 
(Note that a Registration Agent may be appointed in

--- Page 78 ---
78 
 
relation to Dematerialised Notes in fully registered form 
(au nominatif pur) only) 
 
(iii) Temporary Global Certificate: 
[Not 
Applicable/Temporary 
Global 
Certificate 
exchangeable for Definitive Materialised Notes on [•] (the 
"Exchange Date"), being 40 calendar days after the Issue 
Date subject to postponement as provided in the Temporary 
Global Certificate] 
 
(iv) Applicable TEFRA exemption: 
[C Rules/D Rules/Not Applicable] (Only applicable to 
Materialised Notes) 
22. Financial Centre[s] (Condition 
7(h)): 
[Not Applicable/give details] (Note that this item refers to 
the date and place of payment and not interest period end 
dates to which item 13(v) relates) 
23. Talons for future Coupons to be 
attached to Definitive Materialised 
Notes (and dates on which such 
Talons mature) (Condition 7(f)): 
[Yes/No/Not Applicable. If yes, give details] (Only 
applicable to the Materialised Notes) 
[The Materialised Notes provide that the relevant Coupons 
are to become void upon the due date for redemption of 
those Notes] 
[The Materialised Notes provide that upon the due date for 
redemption of any such Materialised Note, unmatured 
Coupons relating to such Note (whether or not attached) 
shall become void and no payment shall be made in respect 
of them.] 
24. Details relating to Instalment Notes 
(Condition 6(a)):  
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
 
(i) Instalment Amount[s]: 
[       ] 
 
(ii) Instalment Date[s]: 
[       ] 
 
(iii) Minimum Instalment 
Amount: 
[       ] 
 
(iv) Maximum Instalment           
Amount: 
[       ]

--- Page 79 ---
79 
 
25. Representation 
of 
holder 
of 
Notes/Masse 
Condition 11 applies. 
[Insert below details of Representative and alternate 
Representative and remuneration, if any:  
Name and address of the Representative: [●] 
Name and address of the alternate Representative: [●]]  
[The Representative will be entitled to a remuneration of [●] 
per year/The Representative will not be entitled to a 
remuneration] 
[If the Notes are held by a sole Noteholder, insert the 
wording below: 
As long as the Notes are held by a sole Noteholder, it shall 
exercise all rights and obligations assigned by law to the 
Representative and the general meeting of the Noteholders. 
A Representative will be appointed as soon as the Notes are 
held by several Noteholders.] 
26. 
Possibility to request identification 
information of the 
Noteholders as provided 
by Condition 1(a)(i): 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
[PURPOSE OF FINAL TERMS 
These Final Terms comprise the final terms required for the admission to trading on the [specify relevant 
regulated market] of the Notes described herein pursuant to the Euro 1,500,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note 
Programme of Carmila.] 
RESPONSIBILITY 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in these Final Terms. [(Relevant third party 
information) has been extracted from (specify source). The Issuer confirms that such information has been 
accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information published by 
(specify source), no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or 
misleading.]  
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
 
 
By: ............................................ 
Duly authorised

--- Page 80 ---
80 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
 
1 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
(i) Listing and Admission to trading 1: 
 
 
 
 
(ii) Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission to trading: 
[Application [has been made/is expected to be made] by the 
Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Notes issued to be listed and 
admitted to trading on [Euronext Paris] [other] with effect 
from  [  ].]   
 
[  ] 
 
 
2 
RATINGS 
Ratings 2: 
[Not Applicable] 
[The Notes to be issued [are expected to be/have been] rated:  
[S&P: [       ]] 
[[Other]: [       ]] 
 
Insert one (or more) of the following options, as applicable: 
 
[[Insert credit rating agency] is established in the European 
Union, is registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009, as 
amended (the "EU CRA Regulation"), and is included in the 
list of credit rating agencies registered in accordance with the 
EU CRA Regulation published on the European Securities 
and 
Markets 
Authority’s 
website 
(http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-and-
certified-CRAs).] 
 
[[Insert credit rating agency] is [not] established in the 
European Union [nor has/and has not] applied for registration 
under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as amended (the "EU 
CRA Regulation")[.][, but is endorsed by [insert credit rating 
agency] which is established in the European Union, 
registered under the EU CRA Regulation and is included in 
the list of credit rating agencies registered in accordance with 
the EU CRA Regulation published on the European Securities 
and 
Markets 
Authority’s 
website 
(http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/Listregistered-and-
certified-CRAs).]. 
 
[[The rating [insert credit rating agency] has given to the 
Notes is endorsed by a credit rating agency which is 
established in the UK and registered under Regulation (EU) 
No 1060/2009 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue 
of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA 
Regulation").] 
 
[[Insert credit rating agency] has been certified under 
Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of UK 
 
1 
Where documenting a fungible issue need to indicate that original securities are already admitted to trading.    
2 
This disclosure should reflect the rating allocated to Notes of the type being issued under the Programme generally or, where the issue has 
been specifically rated, this rating.

--- Page 81 ---
81 
 
domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018 (the "UK CRA Regulation").] 
 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating allocated to 
Notes of the type being issued under the Programme generally 
or, where the issue has been specifically rated, that rating.)]  
 
[Include a brief explanation of the meaning of the rating, e.g.: 
According to S&P's rating system, an obligor rated 'BBB' has 
adequate capacity to meet its financial commitments. 
However, 
adverse 
economic 
conditions 
or 
changing circumstances are more likely to lead to a weakened 
capacity of the obligor to meet its financial commitments. The 
addition of pluses and minuses provides further distinctions 
within the ratings range.]  
 
3 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE [ISSUE/OFFER] 
[Not Applicable] 
(Need to include a description of any interest, including a conflict of interests, that is material to the issue/offer, 
detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by the inclusion of the following 
statement: 1) 
"Save as discussed for any fees payable to the Managers and Dealers, so far as the Issuer is aware, no person 
involved in the offer of the Notes has an interest material to the offer."] (Amend as appropriate if there are other 
interests) 
4 
[REASONS FOR THE OFFER, [USE OF PROCEEDS] AND ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS  
[(i) Reasons for the offer: 
[[•] / The net proceeds will be used for the Group's general 
corporate purposes / The Notes constitute "Green Bonds" and 
the net proceeds will be used to finance or refinance, in whole 
or in part, Eligible Green Assets as defined below and further 
described in the Green Bond Framework (available on the 
following 
website: 
(https://www.carmila.com/en/finance/green-bond/)]  
 
[Describe specific assets included in the Eligible Green Assets 
and/or availability of Second Party Opinion and any relevant 
third party opinions and/or where the information can be 
obtained, etc.]  
 
(See "Use of Proceeds" wording in the Base Prospectus – if 
reasons for offer are different from the "Use of Proceeds" 
wording of the Base Prospectus will need to include those 
reasons here.)  
 [(ii)] Estimated net proceeds 
[       ] 
 
(If proceeds are intended for more than one use will need to 
split out and present in order of priority. If proceeds 
insufficient to fund all proposed uses state amount and 
sources of other funding.) 
 
5 
[Fixed Rate Notes only – YIELD 
Indication of yield: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
1 
When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters described constitute "significant new factors" 
and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to the Base Prospectus under Article 23 of the EU Prospectus Regulation.

--- Page 82 ---
82 
 
The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis of the 
Issue Price. It is not an indication of future yield.] 
 
6 
 [Floating Rate Notes only - HISTORIC INTEREST RATES 
Details of performance of [EURIBOR/EUR CMS] [replicate other as specified in the Conditions] rates can be 
obtained [but not] free of charge from [Reuters/Bloomberg/give details of electronic means of obtaining the 
details of performance].] 
7 
[Notes Linked to a Benchmark only – BENCHMARK 
[Amounts payable under the Notes will be calculated by reference to [•] which is provided by [date]. As at 
[date],[name of administrator] [appears/does not appear] on the register of administrators and benchmarks 
established and maintained by the European Securities and Markets Authority pursuant to Article 36 of the 
Benchmarks Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/1011) (as amended, the "EU Benchmarks Regulation").]/[As 
far as the Issuer is aware, the transitional provisions in Article 51 of the EU Benchmarks Regulation apply, such 
that [●] is not currently required to obtain authorisation or registration (or, if located outside the European 
Union, recognition, endorsement or equivalence).]/[On [•], [•] appears in the register of administrators and 
benchmarks established and maintained by the Financial Conduct Authority in the United Kingdom.]/[Not 
Applicable] 
8 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
 
(i) ISIN: 
[       ] [until the Exchange Date, [       ]  thereafter] 
(ii) Common Code: 
[       ] [until the Exchange Date, [       ]  thereafter] 
(iii) Depositaries: 
Euroclear France to act as Central 
Depositary 
Common Depositary for Euroclear and 
Clearstream Luxembourg 
(iv) Any clearing system[s] other than 
Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and the relevant 
identification number[s]: 
 
[Yes/No] 
 
[Yes/No] 
 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s) [ and 
address(es)]] 
(v) Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
(vi) Names and addresses of initial Paying 
Agent[s] 
(vii) Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent[s] (if any): 
(viii) The aggregate principal amount of 
Notes issued has been translated into 
Euro at the rate of [currency] [       ] per 
Euro 1.00, producing a sum of: 
[       ] 
 
[       ] 
 
[Not Applicable/Euro [       ]] (Only applicable for Notes not 
denominated in Euro) 
 
9 
DISTRIBUTION 
(i) Method of distribution 
(ii) If syndicated, names of Managers: 
[syndicated/non-syndicated] 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
 
 
(iii) Date of [Subscription] Agreement: 
[●] 
(iv) Stabilising Manager[s] (if any): 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(v) If non-syndicated, name of Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(vi) Applicable TEFRA Category: 
[TEFRA 
C 
applies 
to 
the 
Materialised 
Notes/TEFRA D applies to the Materialised

--- Page 83 ---
83 
 
Notes/TEFRA not applicable to Dematerialised 
Notes]

--- Page 84 ---
84 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
OVERVIEW OF DEALER AGREEMENT 
Subject to the terms and on the conditions contained in an amended and restated dealer agreement dated 8 
November 2022 (the "Dealer Agreement") between the Issuer and BNP Paribas as Arranger and Permanent 
Dealer, the Notes will be offered on a continuous basis by the Issuer to the Permanent Dealers. However, the 
Issuer has reserved the right to sell Notes directly on its own behalf to Dealers that are not Permanent Dealers. 
The Notes may be resold at prevailing market prices, or at prices related thereto, at the time of such resale, as 
determined by the relevant Dealer. The Notes may also be sold by the Issuer through the Dealers, acting as 
agents of the Issuer. The Dealer Agreement also provides for Notes to be issued in syndicated Tranches that are 
jointly and severally underwritten by two or more Dealers. 
The Issuer will pay each relevant Dealer a commission as agreed between them in respect of Notes subscribed 
by it.  
The Issuer has agreed to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities in connection with the offer and sale 
of the Notes. The Dealer Agreement entitles the Dealers to terminate any agreement that they make to subscribe 
Notes in certain circumstances prior to payment for such Notes being made to the Issuer.

--- Page 85 ---
85 
 
SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
United States  
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and may not be offered or sold 
within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain transactions exempt 
from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given 
to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act ("Regulation S"). 
Notes in bearer form having a maturity of more than one year are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may 
not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except 
in certain transactions permitted by U.S. tax regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given 
to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and regulations thereunder.  
Materialised Notes will be issued in compliance with U.S. Treas. Reg. §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) or any successor 
regulation issued under the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 as amended (the "Code") section 4701(b) that 
contains rules identical to the rules that currently apply under Code section 163(f)(2)(B) (the "D Rules") unless 
(i) the relevant Final Terms states that such Materialised Notes are issued in compliance with U.S. Treas. Reg. 
§1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) or any successor regulation issued under Code section 4701(b) that contains rules identical 
to the rules that currently apply under Code section 163(f)(2)(B) (the "C Rules") or (ii) such Materialised Notes 
are issued other than in compliance with the D Rules or the C Rules but in circumstances in which the Notes 
will not constitute "registration required obligations" under the United States Tax Equity and Fiscal 
Responsibility Act of 1982 ("TEFRA"), which circumstances will be referred to in the relevant Final Terms as 
a transaction to which TEFRA is not applicable. TEFRA will not apply to Dematerialised Notes. 
The Dealer has agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree that, 
except as permitted by the Dealer Agreement, it will not offer, sell or, in the case of Materialised Notes, deliver 
the Notes of any identifiable Tranche, (i) as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 
calendar days after the completion of the distribution of any identifiable Tranche (the "distribution compliance 
period") within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons, and it will have sent to 
each dealer to which it sells Notes during the distribution compliance period a confirmation or other notice 
setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or 
benefit of, U.S. persons. Terms used in the preceding sentence have the meanings given to them by Regulation 
S. 
In addition, until calendar 40 days after the commencement of the offering of any identifiable tranche of Notes, 
an offer or sale of Notes within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering of 
such tranche of Notes) may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared by the Issuer for use in connection with the offer and sale of the Notes 
outside the United States. The Issuer and the Dealers reserve the right to reject any offer to purchase the Notes, 
in whole or in part, for any reason. This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to any person in the United 
States. Distribution of this Base Prospectus by any non-U.S. person outside the United States to any U.S. person 
or to any other person within the United States, is unauthorised and any disclosure without the prior written 
consent of the Issuer of any of its contents to any such U.S. person or other person within the United States, is 
prohibited. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors  
The Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell 
or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the European Economic 
Area.  
For the purposes of this provision: 
(i) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or both) of the following:  
(a) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II; and  
(b) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II.

--- Page 86 ---
86 
 
Prohibition of Sales to United Kingdom Retail Investors  
The Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell 
or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the United Kingdom.  
For the purposes of this provision:  
(i) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or both) of the following:  
(a) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms 
part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(b) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 
600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; and 
(ii) 
the expression "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide 
to purchase or subscribe the Notes. 
Additional United Kingdom Selling Restrictions 
The Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree, that: 
(i) 
in relation to any Notes having a maturity of less than one year, (a) it is a person whose ordinary activities 
involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the 
purposes of its business and (b) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes other than 
to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it is reasonable to expect 
will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their 
businesses where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of section 19 of the 
Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (the "FSMA") by the Issuer; 
(ii) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated any invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of 
section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in circumstances 
in which section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and 
(iii) 
it has complied with and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything 
done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom. 
France 
Each of the Dealers has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree that:  
(i) 
it has only offered or sold, and will only offer or sell, directly or indirectly, Notes in France to qualified 
investors (investisseurs qualifiés) as referred in Article L.411-2 1° of the French Code monétaire et 
financier and defined in Article 2(e) of the EU Prospectus Regulation, and it has only distributed or 
caused to be distributed and will only distribute or cause to be distributed in France to such qualified 
investors the Base Prospectus, the relevant Final Terms or any other offering material relating to the 
Notes; and  
(ii) 
Materialised Notes may only be issued outside of France. 
Japan 
The Dealer has acknowledged and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
acknowledge that the Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and 
Exchange Act of Japan (Law No. 25 of 1948, as amended) (the "Financial Instruments and Exchange Act")

--- Page 87 ---
87 
 
and agrees or will agree, as the case may be, that it will not, directly or indirectly, offer or sell any Notes in 
Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident in Japan (which term as used herein means any person resident in 
Japan, including any corporation or other entity organized under the laws of Japan), or to other for re-offering 
or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to a resident of Japan, except pursuant to an exemption from the 
registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act 
and any other applicable laws, regulations and ministerial guidelines of Japan. 
Republic of Italy 
 
The offering of the Notes has not been registered with the Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa 
("CONSOB") pursuant to Italian securities legislation. The Dealer has represented and agreed that any offer, 
sale or delivery of the Notes or distribution of copies of this Base Prospectus or any other document relating to 
the Notes in the Republic of Italy will be effected in accordance with all Italian securities, tax and exchange 
control and other applicable laws and regulation. 
Any such offer, sale or delivery of the Notes or distribution of copies of this Base Prospectus or any other 
document relating to the Notes in the Republic of Italy must be: 
(i) 
made by an investment firm, bank or financial intermediary permitted to conduct such activities in the 
Republic of Italy in accordance with Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, CONSOB 
Regulation No. 20307 of 15 February 2018, Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993 (in each 
case as amended from time to time) and any other applicable laws and regulations;   
(ii) 
in compliance with Article 129 of Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993, as amended, 
pursuant to which the Bank of Italy may request information on the issue or the offer of securities in 
the Republic of Italy and the relevant implementing guidelines of the Bank of Italy issued on 25 August 
2015 (as amended on 10 August 2016 and 2 November 2020); and 
(iii) 
in compliance with any other applicable laws and regulations or requirement imposed by CONSOB or 
any other Italian authority. 
General 
These selling restrictions may be modified by the agreement of the Issuer and the relevant Dealers following a 
change in a relevant law, regulation or directive. Any such modification will be set out in a supplement to this 
Base Prospectus. 
No action has been taken in any jurisdiction that would permit a non-exempt offer of any of the Notes, or 
possession or distribution of the Base Prospectus or any other offering material or any Final Terms, in any 
country or jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. 
The Dealer has agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent 
and agree, that it will, to the best of its knowledge, comply with all relevant laws, regulations and directives in 
each jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or has in its possession or distributes the 
Base Prospectus, any other offering material or any Final Terms and neither the Issuer nor any other Dealer 
shall have responsibility therefor.

--- Page 88 ---
88 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
1 
This Base Prospectus received the approval no. 22-436 on 8 November 2022 from the AMF. The AMF only 
approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency 
imposed by the EU Prospectus Regulation. 
The Base Prospectus shall be valid for admission to trading of Notes on a Regulated Market for twelve (12) 
months after the approval by the AMF, until 8 November 2023 provided that it is completed by one or more 
supplements, pursuant to Article 23 of the EU Prospectus Regulation, following the occurrence of a significant 
new factor, a material mistake or a material inaccuracy relating to the information included (including 
information incorporated by reference) in this Base Prospectus which may affect the assessment of the Notes. 
After such date, the Base Prospectus will expire and the obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the 
event of significant new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies will no longer apply.  
The AMF only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and 
consistency imposed by the EU Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an 
endorsement of the Issuer and of the quality of the Notes which are subject to this Base Prospectus. Investors 
should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes.  
Notes may also be issued pursuant to the Programme which will not be listed and admitted to trading on 
Euronext Paris or any other stock exchange or which will be listed or admitted to trading on such Regulated 
Market as the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) may agree. 
2 
The Issuer has obtained all necessary consents, approvals and authorisations in the Republic of France in 
connection with the update of the Programme. 
3 
For this purpose, on 26 June 2019 the Board of Directors (Conseil d'administration) of the Issuer has authorised 
the Programme for a maximum aggregate amount of Notes outstanding at any one time of €1,500,000,000. On 
16 February 2022, the Board of Directors (Conseil d'administration) authorised, for a duration of one year from 
16 February 2022, the issue of Notes up to an aggregate nominal amount of €1,500,000,000. 
4 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, to the extent known by the Issuer, no conflict of interest is identified 
between the duties of the members of the Board of Directors (Conseil d’administration) and the Chief Executive 
Officer with respect of the Issuer and their private interest and other duties. 
5 
Except as disclosed in this Base Prospectus, there has been no significant change in the financial position or 
financial performance of the Issuer or of the Group since 30 September 2022, and no material adverse change 
in the prospects of the Issuer since 31 December 2021. 
6 
Except as disclosed in this Base Prospectus, neither the Issuer nor any of its Material Subsidiaries is or has been 
involved in any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are 
pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware) during the last 12 months preceding the date of this Base 
Prospectus which may have, or have had in the recent past, significant effects on the Issuer and/or the Group's 
financial position or profitability. 
7 
Except as disclosed in this Base Prospectus, there are no material contracts that are not entered into the ordinary 
course of the Issuer's business which could result in any member of the Group being under an obligation or 
entitlement that is material to the Issuer's ability to meet its obligation to Noteholders in respect of the Notes 
being issued. 
8 
Application may be made for the Notes to be accepted for clearance through Euroclear France and/or Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg. The Common Code and the International Securities Identification Number 
(ISIN) or the identification number for any other relevant clearing system for each Series of Notes will be set 
out in the relevant Final Terms. 
The address of Euroclear France is 66, rue de la Victoire 75009 Paris, France, the address of Euroclear is 1 
Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels, Belgium and the address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is 42 
Avenue JF Kennedy L-1855 Luxembourg, Grand-Duchy of Luxembourg. 
Dematerialised Notes will be inscribed in the books of Euroclear France (acting as central depositary). 
Dematerialised Notes which are in registered form (au nominatif) are also inscribed either with the Issuer or 
with the registration agent.  
If the Notes are to be cleared through an additional or alternative clearing system, the appropriate information 
will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
9 
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) of the Issuer is: 222100P6D3QKU33LZQ72.

--- Page 89 ---
89 
 
10 
Deloitte & Associés and KPMG S.A. have audited the Issuer’s consolidated financial statements for the years 
ended 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2021, without qualification, prepared in accordance with generally 
accepted accounting principles in France. Deloitte & Associés and KPMG S.A. are members of the Compagnie 
Régionale des Commissaires aux Comptes de Versailles et du Centre and carry out their duties in accordance 
with the principles of the Compagnie Nationale des Commissaires aux Comptes. Deloitte & Associés and 
KPMG S.A. have also issued a review report in respect of the Issuer's unaudited consolidated financial 
statements for the half-year ended 30 June 2022. 
11 
The following documents can be inspected on the website of the Issuer (www.carmila.com)  
(i) 
the up-to-date statuts of the Issuer; 
(ii) 
the Final Terms for Notes that are listed and admitted to trading on the Regulated Market of Euronext 
Paris and/or any other Regulated Market so long such Notes are oustanding; and  
(iii) 
a copy of this Base Prospectus (including any documents incorporated by reference and any 
Supplements to this Base Prospectus); 
and the Agency Agreement (which includes the form of the Lettre Comptable, the form of the Temporary Global 
Certificate and the forms of the Definitive Materialised Notes and the Coupons, Receipts and Talons in relation 
thereto) will be available for inspection at the specified offices of the Fiscal Agent or each of the Paying Agents 
during normal business hours, so long as Notes may be issued pursuant to, or are outstanding under, this Base 
Prospectus. 
12 
The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis of the Issue Price and the rate of interest applicable to the 
Notes. It is not an indication of future yield. The yield of the relevant Notes, if applicable, will be stated in the 
Final Terms of the Notes. 
13 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the stabilising manager(s) 
(the "Stabilising Manager(s)") (or any person acting for the Stabilising Manager(s)) in the relevant Final Terms 
may over-allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the relevant Notes at 
a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However, stabilisation may not necessarily occur. Any 
stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the final terms of the 
offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is made and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no later 
than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 days after the date of the 
allotment of the relevant Tranche of Notes. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted by the 
relevant Stabilising Manager(s) (or person(s) acting on behalf of any Stabilising Manager(s)) in accordance 
with all applicable laws and rules. 
14 
Amounts payable under the Floating Rate Notes may be calculated by reference to Reference Rates including 
EURIBOR or EUR CMS which are respectively provided by the EMMI with respect to EURIBOR and ICE 
with respect to CMS Rate. Each of ICE and the EMMI have been authorised as regulated benchmark 
administrators pursuant to Article 34 of the EU Benchmarks Regulation and appears on the public register of 
administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 of the EU 
Benchmarks Regulation or the EU Benchmarks Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/1011) as it forms part of UK 
domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (as amended, the "UK BMR").   
The relevant Final Terms in respect of an issue of Floating Rate Notes may specify the relevant benchmark, 
the relevant administrator and whether such administrator appears on the ESMA register referred to above or 
in the FCA's register of administrators under Article 36 of the UK BMR, as the case may be. 
 
The registration status of any administrator under the EU Benchmarks Regulation is a matter of public record 
and, save where required by applicable law, the Issuer does not intend to update this Base Prospectus or the 
relevant Final Terms to reflect any change in the registration status of the administrator. 
15 
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified or the context otherwise requires, references to "€", "Euro" 
or "euro" are to the single currency of the participating member states of the European Union which was 
introduced on 1 January 1999, references to "£", "pounds sterling" and "Sterling" are to the lawful currency 
of the United Kingdom references to"¥", "Yen", "yen" and "Japanese Yen" are to the lawful currency of Japan, 
references to the "U.S." and the "United States" are to the United States of America and references to "U.S.$" 
and "U.S. Dollars" are to the lawful currency of the United States of America.  
16 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking 
and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the 
ordinary course of business. In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their

--- Page 90 ---
90 
 
affiliates may make or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related 
derivative securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the 
accounts of their customers. Such investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or 
instruments of the Issuer or its affiliates. Where there is a lending relationship between the Issuer and one or 
several Dealers, it cannot be excluded that all or part of the proceeds of an issue of Notes be used to repay or 
reimburse all or part of such loans. Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates that have a lending relationship with 
the Issuer routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer consistent with their customary risk management 
policies. Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions 
which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions in securities, 
including potentially the Notes issued under the Programme. The Dealers and their affiliates may also make 
investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in respect of such securities 
or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in 
such securities and instruments. For the purpose of this paragraph, the term "affiliate" also includes parent 
companies. 
Potential conflicts of interest may arise between the Calculation Agent, if any, for a Tranche of Notes and the 
Noteholders, including with respect to certain discretionary determinations and judgments that such Calculation 
Agent may make pursuant to the Terms and Conditions that may influence the amount receivable upon 
redemption of the Notes. 
17 
Any websites included in this Base Prospectus are for information purposes only and the information in such 
websites does not form any part of this Base Prospectus unless that information is incorporated by reference 
into the Base Prospectus.

--- Page 91 ---
91 
 
PERSONS RESPONSIBLE FOR THE INFORMATION GIVEN IN THE BASE 
PROSPECTUS 
To the best knowledge of the Issuer, the information contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts 
and contains no omission likely to affect the import of such information. 
 
 
Carmila 
58, avenue Emile Zola 
92100 Boulogne-Billancourt 
France 
Duly represented by: 
Pierre-Yves Thirion, Directeur Financier 
Dated 8 November 2022 
 
 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the AMF in its capacity as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129, as amended. 
The AMF has approved this Base Prospectus after having verified that the information it contains is complete, 
coherent and comprehensible in accordance with Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended. 
This approval should not be considered as a favourable opinion on the Issuer and on the quality of the Notes 
described in this Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment of the opportunity to invest in such 
Notes. 
The Base Prospectus has been approved on 8 November 2022 and is valid until 8 November 2023 and shall during 
this period, in accordance with Article 23 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended, be completed by a 
supplement to the Base Prospectus in the event of new material facts or substantial errors or inaccuracies. The Base 
Prospectus has been given the following approval number: 22-436.

--- Page 92 ---
92 
 
 
Registered Office of the Issuer 
Carmila 
58, avenue Emile Zola 
92100 Boulogne-Billancourt 
France 
 
 
Arranger and Dealer 
BNP Paribas 
16, boulevard des Italiens 
75009 Paris 
France 
 
Fiscal Agent, Principal Paying Agent and  
Calculation Agent 
SOCIETE GENERALE SECURITIES SERVICES 
32, rue du Champ de Tir – CS30812 
44308 Nantes Cedex 3 
France 
 
 
Statutory Auditors 
Deloitte & Associés 
6, place de la Pyramide 
92908 – Paris La Défense Cedex 
France 
KPMG S.A. 
Tour EQHO 
2, avenue Gambetta 
92066 Paris La Défense Cedex 
France 
 
 
Legal Advisers 
To the Issuer 
in respect of French law 
To the Dealer 
in respect of French law 
Clifford Chance Europe LLP 
1 rue d’Astorg 
CS 60058 
75377 Paris Cedex 08 
France 
Allen & Overy LLP 
52, avenue Hoche 
75008 Paris 
France