--- Page 1 ---
- i- 
 
 
Base Prospectus dated 5 November 2021 
 
€3,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Under the Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the "Programme") described in this base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus"), 
Carrefour Banque ("Carrefour Banque" or the "Issuer"), subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, may 
from time to time issue Euro Medium Term Notes (the "Notes"). The aggregate nominal amount of Notes outstanding will not at any 
time exceed €3,000,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies). 
 
This Base Prospectus (together with any supplements thereto, each a "Supplement") constitutes a base prospectus for the purposes of 
Article 8 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended from time to time (the "EU Prospectus Regulation").  
 
This Base Prospectus received the approval no. 21-474 on 5 November 2021 from the Autorité des marchés financiers (the "AMF") in 
France in its capacity as competent authority under the EU Prospectus Regulation and shall be valid for admission to trading on a 
Regulated Market for twelve (12) months after its approval by the AMF, provided that the Base Prospectus is completed by one or more 
supplements, pursuant to Article 23 of the EU Prospectus Regulation, following the occurrence of any significant new factor, material 
mistake or material inaccuracy relating to the information included (including information incorporated by reference) in this Base 
Prospectus which may affect investors' assessment of the Notes. After 5 November 2022, the Base Prospectus, as supplemented, will 
expire and the obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of significant new factors, material mistakes or material 
inaccuracies will no longer apply. The AMF only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, 
comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the EU Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement 
of the Issuer nor as an endorsement of the quality of the Notes which are subject to this Base Prospectus. Investors should make their 
own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. 
 
For a period of twelve (12) months following the date of this Base Prospectus, application may be made (i) to the regulated market of 
Euronext Paris ("Euronext Paris") for Notes to be admitted to trading on Euronext Paris and/or (ii) to the listing authority of any other 
Member State of the European Economic Area ("EEA") for Notes to be admitted to trading on a regulated market as defined in the 
Directive 2014/65/EU on markets in financial instruments, as amended ("EU MiFID II"), appearing on the list of regulated markets 
issued by the European Securities Market Authority ("ESMA") (each such market being a "Regulated Market"). 
 
The final terms of the Notes to be issued under the Programme will be determined at the time of the offering of each Tranche of Notes 
and will be set out in the relevant final terms (the "Final Terms") (a form of which is contained herein). Notes may be issued at their 
nominal amount or at a discount or premium to their nominal amount. 
 
Notes may be issued either in dematerialised form ("Dematerialised Notes") or in materialised form ("Materialised Notes") as more 
fully described herein. 
 
Dematerialised Notes will at all times be in book entry form in compliance with Articles L.211-3 et seq. and R.211-1 et seq. of the French 
Code monétaire et financier. No physical documents of title (including certificats représentatifs pursuant to Article R.211-7 of the French 
Code monétaire et financier) will be issued in respect of the Dematerialised Notes. Dematerialised Notes may, at the option of the Issuer, 
be in bearer dematerialised form (au porteur) inscribed as from the issue date in the books of Euroclear France ("Euroclear France") 
(acting as central depositary) which shall credit the accounts of Account Holders (as defined in "Terms and Conditions of the Notes – 
Form, Denomination and Title") including Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear") and the depositary bank for Clearstream Banking S.A. 
("Clearstream") or in registered dematerialised form (au nominatif) and, in such latter case, at the option of the relevant Noteholder (as 
defined in Condition 1(c)(iv)), in either fully registered form (au nominatif pur), in which case they will be inscribed either in an account 
maintained by the Issuer or by the registration agent (designated in the relevant Final Terms) for the Issuer, or in administered registered 
form (au nominatif administré) in which case they will be inscribed in the accounts of the Account Holders designated by the relevant 
Noteholder. 
 
Materialised Notes will be in bearer materialised form only and may only be issued outside France. A temporary global certificate in 
bearer form without interest coupons attached (a "Temporary Global Certificate") will initially be issued in connection with 
Materialised Notes. Such Temporary Global Certificate will be exchanged for Definitive Materialised Notes in bearer form with, where 
applicable, coupons for interest attached, on or after a date expected to be on or about the fortieth calendar day after the issue date of the 
Notes (subject to postponement as described in "Temporary Global Certificates issued in respect of Materialised Notes" below) upon 
certification as to non U.S. beneficial ownership as more fully described herein. Temporary Global Certificates will (a) in the case of a 
Tranche intended to be cleared through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, be deposited on the issue date with a common depositary on behalf 
of Euroclear and/or Clearstream and (b) in the case of a Tranche intended to be cleared through a clearing system other than or in addition 
to Euroclear and/or Clearstream or delivered outside a clearing system, be deposited as agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
 
The minimum denomination of the Notes shall be €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency) as at the date of issue of the Notes. 
 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer has been designated a long-term credit rating of "BBB (with a negative outlook)" and a 
short-term credit rating of "A-2" and the Programme has been rated "BBB" in respect of Notes with a maturity of one year or more by

--- Page 2 ---
- ii- 
 
 
S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited, France SAS ("S&P"). Notes issued under the Programme may, or may not, be rated. The rating (if 
any) may be specified in the relevant Final Terms. The rating of the Notes will not necessarily be identical to the rating of the Issuer.  
 
The relevant Final Terms will specify whether or not such credit ratings (if any) will be (1) issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the EEA and registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 (as amended) on credit rating agencies ("EU CRA 
Regulation") and/or (2) issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the United Kingdom (the "UK") and registered under 
Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018 (the "UK CRA Regulation") or certified under the UK CRA Regulation. If such credit rating agency is registered under the 
EU CRA Regulation, the Final Terms shall specify that such credit rating agency is included in the list of credit rating agencies published 
by ESMA on its website in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation (https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-
agencies/risk). As of the date of this Base Prospectus, S&P appears on the list of registered and certified rating agencies published by 
ESMA. A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, change, or withdrawal at any 
time by the assigning rating agency. 
 
 
Prospective investors should have regard to the risk factors described under the section headed "Risk Factors" in this Base 
Prospectus. This Base Prospectus does not describe all of the risks of an investment in the Notes. 
 
This Base Prospectus, any Supplement thereto and the Final Terms of the Notes listed and admitted to trading on a Regulated Market 
shall be published on the website of the AMF (www.amf-france.org) and Carrefour Banque (www.carrefour-banque.fr/societe).  
 
Sole Arranger and Permanent Dealer for the Programme 
Société Générale Corporate & Investment Banking

--- Page 3 ---
- iii- 
 
 
This Base Prospectus (including the documents incorporated by reference thereto), as may be supplemented from 
time to time, constitutes a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of the EU Prospectus Regulation and for the 
purpose of giving all necessary information with regard to the Issuer or the Issuer and its subsidiaries taken as a 
whole (the "Group") and the Notes which, according to the particular nature of the Issuer and the Notes, is material 
to an investor making an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, financial position, profits and losses and 
prospects of the Issuer, the rights attached to the Notes and the reasons for the issuance and its impact on the Issuer. 
Other than in relation to the documents which are deemed to be incorporated by reference (see section "Documents 
Incorporated by Reference"), the information on the websites to which this Base Prospectus refers does not form part 
of this Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinized or approved by the AMF.  
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation other than those contained in 
this Base Prospectus in connection with the issue or sale of the Notes and, if given or made, such information or 
representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer or any of the Dealers or the Arranger. 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor any sale made in connection herewith shall, under any 
circumstances, create any implication that there has been no change in the affairs of the Issuer since the date hereof 
or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently supplemented or that there has been no adverse 
change in the financial position of the Issuer or the Group since the date hereof or the date upon which this Base 
Prospectus has been most recently amended or supplemented or that any other information supplied in connection 
with the Programme is correct as of any time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, if different, the date 
indicated in the document containing the same.  
In this Base Prospectus, "Arranger" and "Permanent Dealer" means Société Générale and "Dealer" means Société 
Générale or any further dealer appointed in connection with the Programme or with respect to any specific issue of 
Notes. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering or sale of the Notes in certain jurisdictions may be restricted 
by law. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus comes are required by the Issuer, the Dealers and the 
Arranger to inform themselves about and to observe any such restriction. The Notes have not been and will not be 
registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933 as amended (the "Securities Act") or with any securities 
regulatory authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States, and the Notes may include Notes in bearer 
form that are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. Subject to certain exceptions, Notes may not be offered, sold, or 
in the case of Materialised Notes (as defined below) delivered, within the United States or to, or for the account or 
benefit of U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act ("Regulation S")), or in the case of 
Materialised Notes (as defined below), United States persons (as defined in the U.S. External Revenue Code of 1986, 
as amended, and regulations thereunder). The Notes are being offered and sold outside the United States in offshore 
transactions to non-U.S. persons in reliance on Regulation S. For a description of certain restrictions on offers and 
sales of Notes and on distribution of this Base Prospectus, see section "Subscription and Sale". 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer of, or an invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer or the Dealers 
to subscribe for, or purchase, any Notes. 
PRIIPS IMPORTANT - PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended 
to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
any retail investor in the European Economic Area (the "EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person 
who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended 
("EU MiFID II"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, as amended, where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II. Consequently, no 
key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the "EU PRIIPs Regulation") for offering 
or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and 
therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA may be 
unlawful under the EU PRIIPs Regulation.  
 
PRIIPS IMPORTANT - PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended 
to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
any retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one 
(or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); or (ii) a customer within the 
meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the "FSMA") and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes

--- Page 4 ---
- iv- 
 
 
or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the United Kingdom has been prepared and therefore 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom may 
be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
 
EU MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may 
include a legend entitled "EU MiFID II Product Governance" which will outline the target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes, taking into account the five (5) categories referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines on MiFID II 
product governance requirements published by ESMA on 5 February 2018, and which channels for distribution of 
the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") 
should take into consideration such determination; however, a distributor subject to EU MiFID II is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. A determination will be made by all relevant Dealers 
in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the EU MiFID Product Governance rules under EU 
Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the "EU MiFID Product Governance Rules"), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes 
is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor any Dealer nor any of their 
respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the EU MiFID Product Governance Rules. 
UK MiFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may 
include a legend entitled "UK MiFIR Product Governance" which will outline the target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes, taking into account the five (5) categories referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines on MiFID II product 
governance requirements published by ESMA on 5 February 2018 (in accordance with the FCA’s policy statement 
entitled “Brexit our approach to EU non-legislative materials”), and which channels for distribution of the Notes 
are appropriate. Any distributor (as defined above) should take into consideration such determination; however, a 
distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK 
MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels. A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but 
otherwise neither the Arranger nor any Dealer nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the 
purpose of the UK MIFIR Product Governance Rules.  
 
The Arranger and the Dealers have not separately verified the information contained in this Base Prospectus. None 
of the Dealers or the Arranger makes any representation, express or implied, or accepts any responsibility, with 
respect to the accuracy or completeness of any of the information in this Base Prospectus. To the fullest extent 
permitted by law, none of the Dealers or the Arranger accept any responsibility for the contents of this Base 
Prospectus or for any other statement, made or purported to be made by the Arranger or a Dealer or on its behalf 
in connection with the Issuer or the issue and offering of any Notes. The Arranger and each Dealer accordingly 
disclaims all and any liability (save as referred to above) which it might otherwise have in respect of this Base 
Prospectus or any such statement. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other financial statements are intended to 
provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation and should not be considered as a recommendation by any of the 
Issuer, the Arranger or the Dealers that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any other financial statements should 
purchase the Notes. Each potential purchaser of Notes should determine for itself the relevance of the information 
contained in this Base Prospectus and its purchase of Notes should be based upon such investigation as it deems 
necessary. None of the Dealers or the Arranger undertakes to review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuer 
during the life of the arrangements contemplated by this Base Prospectus or to advise any investor or potential 
investor in the Notes of any information coming to the attention of any of the Dealers or the Arranger. 
Independent review and advice 
The investment activities of certain investors are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or review or 
regulation by certain authorities. Each prospective investor of Notes must determine, based on its own independent 
review and such professional advice as it deems appropriate under the circumstances, that its acquisition of the 
Notes is fully consistent with its financial needs, objectives and condition, complies and is fully consistent with all 
investment policies, guidelines and restrictions applicable to it and is a fit, proper and suitable investment for it, 
notwithstanding the clear and substantial risks inherent in investing in or holding the Notes. 
A prospective investor may not rely on the Issuer or the Dealer(s) or any of their respective affiliates in connection 
with its determination as to the legality of its acquisition of the Notes or as to the other matters referred to above.

--- Page 5 ---
- v- 
 
 
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors 
Each potential investor in the Notes must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances. 
In particular, each potential investor should: 
• have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the merits and risks 
of investing in the relevant Notes and the information contained in this Base Prospectus or any applicable 
supplement to this Base Prospectus; 
• have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its particular 
financial situation, an investment in the relevant Notes and the impact the relevant Notes will have on its 
overall investment portfolio; 
• have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Notes, including 
Notes with principal or interest payable in one or more currencies, or where the currency for principal or 
interest payments is different from the potential investor's currency; 
• understand thoroughly the terms of the relevant Notes and be familiar with the behaviour of any relevant 
indices and financial markets;  
• be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for economic, 
interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks; and 
• consult their legal advisers in relation to possible legal, tax, accounting, regulatory and related aspects of 
any investment in the Notes. 
Some Notes are complex financial instruments and such instruments may be purchased as a way to reduce risk or 
enhance yield with an understood, measured, appropriate addition of risk to their overall portfolios. A potential 
investor should not invest in Notes which are complex financial instruments unless it has the expertise (either alone 
or with a financial adviser) to evaluate how the Notes will perform under changing conditions, the resulting effects 
on the value of such Notes and the impact this investment will have on the potential investor's overall investment 
portfolio. 
 
Taxation  
Potential purchasers and sellers of the Notes should be aware that they may be required to pay taxes or other 
documentary charges or duties in accordance with the laws and practices of the country where the Notes are 
transferred or other jurisdictions. In some jurisdictions, no official statements of the tax authorities or court 
decisions may be available for financial instruments such as the Notes. Potential investors are advised to ask for 
their own tax adviser's advice on their individual taxation with respect to the acquisition, holding, sale and 
redemption of the Notes. Only these advisers are in a position to duly consider the specific situation of the potential 
investor.  
Credit ratings may not reflect all risks 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Notes. The ratings may not reflect 
the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors discussed in this section, and other 
factors that may affect the value of the Notes.

--- Page 6 ---
- vi- 
 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME ..................................................................................... 1 
RISK FACTORS ................................................................................................................................................ 8 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE .....................................................................................20 
SUPPLEMENT TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS ..............................................................................................22 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ..............................................................................................23 
TEMPORARY GLOBAL CERTIFICATES ISSUED IN RESPECT OF MATERIALISED NOTES ..............55 
USE OF PROCEEDS ........................................................................................................................................56 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER ...................................................................................................................57 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS ...............................................................................................................................70 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ..........................................................................................................................83 
GENERAL INFORMATION ............................................................................................................................86

--- Page 7 ---
- 1- 
 
 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following overview must be read as an introduction to this Base Prospectus and is qualified in its entirety by the 
remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular Tranche of Notes, 
the relevant Final Terms. The Notes will be issued on such terms as shall be agreed between the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer(s) and will be subject to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes set out in this Base Prospectus. This 
chapter is subject to the other information provided in this Base Prospectus and is to be read as such. 
This section "General Description of the Programme" constitutes a general description of the Programme for the 
purposes of Article 25.1(b) of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 of 14 March 2019, as amended. It 
does not, and is not intended to, constitute a summary within the meaning of Article 7 of the EU Prospectus 
Regulation or any implementing regulation thereof. 
Words and expressions defined in “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” below shall have the same meanings in this 
general description. 
Issuer: 
Carrefour Banque 
Description: 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Limit: 
Up to €3,000,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies 
at the date of issue) aggregate nominal amount of Notes 
outstanding at any one time. The amount of the Programme 
may be increased in accordance with the terms of the 
Dealer Agreement.  
Arranger and Dealer: 
Société Générale 
 
The Issuer may from time to time terminate the 
appointment of any dealer under the Programme or appoint 
additional dealers either in respect of one or more Tranches 
or in respect of the whole Programme. References in this 
Base Prospectus to "Permanent Dealers" is to Société 
Générale and to such additional persons that are appointed 
as dealers in respect of the whole Programme (and whose 
appointment has not been terminated) and references to 
"Dealers" are to all Permanent Dealers and all persons 
appointed as a dealer in respect of one or more Tranches. 
Fiscal Agent, Principal Paying 
Agent and Calculation Agent: 
Société Générale  
Method of Issue: 
The Notes will be issued on a syndicated or non-syndicated 
basis. The Notes will be issued in series (each a "Series") 
having one or more issue dates and on terms otherwise 
identical (or identical other than in respect of the principal 
amount thereof, the issue date, the issue price and the first 
payment of interest), the Notes of each Series being 
intended to be interchangeable with all other Notes of that 
Series. Each Series may be issued in tranches (each a 
"Tranche") on the same or different issue dates. The 
specific terms of each Tranche (which will be completed, 
where necessary, with the relevant terms and conditions 
and, save in respect of the issue date, issue price, first 
payment of interest and nominal amount of the Tranche, 
will be identical to the terms of other Tranches of the same 
Series) will be completed in the final terms (the "Final 
Terms"). 
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued at their nominal amount or at a 
discount or premium to their nominal amount.

--- Page 8 ---
- 2- 
 
 
Form of Notes: 
Notes may be issued in either dematerialised form 
("Dematerialised Notes") or in materialised form 
("Materialised Notes"). 
Dematerialised Notes may, at the option of the Issuer, be 
issued in bearer dematerialised form (au porteur) or in 
registered dematerialised form (au nominatif) and, in such 
latter case, at the option of the relevant Noteholder, in either 
fully registered form (au nominatif pur) or administered 
registered form (au nominatif administré) form. No 
physical documents of title will be issued in respect of 
Dematerialised Notes. See "Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes - Form, Denomination and Title". 
Materialised Notes will be in bearer materialised form only. 
A temporary Global Certificate will be issued initially in 
respect of each Tranche of Materialised Notes. Materialised 
Notes may only be issued outside France. See "Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes - Form, Denomination and Title" 
below. 
Noteholders: 
Noteholders will be grouped automatically for the defence 
of their respective common interests in a masse (the 
"Masse") governed by the provisions of the French Code 
de commerce as supplemented by the provisions of the 
terms and conditions of the Notes. The Masse will be a 
separate legal entity and will be acting in part through one 
representative and in part through collective decisions of 
the Noteholders which may be taken in a General Meeting 
or by way of a Written Decision. 
Clearing Systems: 
Euroclear France as central depositary in relation to 
Dematerialised Notes and Clearstream and Euroclear or any 
other clearing system that may be agreed between the Issuer, 
the Fiscal Agent and the relevant Dealer in relation to 
Materialised Notes. 
Initial Delivery of Notes: 
No later than one (1) Paris business day before the issue 
date of each Tranche of Dematerialised Notes, the lettre 
comptable or the application form (in case of non-
syndicated issues), relating to such Tranche shall be 
deposited with Euroclear France as central depositary. 
On or before the issue date for each Tranche of Materialised 
Notes, the Temporary Global Certificate issued in respect 
of such Tranche shall be deposited with a common 
depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream or with any other 
clearing system or may be delivered outside any clearing 
system provided that the method of such delivery has been 
agreed in advance by the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent and the 
relevant Dealer. 
Currencies: 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations 
and directives, Notes may be issued in any currency agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
Maturities: 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations 
and directives, any maturity as may be specified in the Final 
Terms. 
Specified Denomination: 
Notes will be in such denominations as may be specified in 
the relevant Final Terms save that (i) the minimum 
specified denomination shall be €100,000 (or its equivalent 
in any other currency as at the date of issue of the Notes);

--- Page 9 ---
- 3- 
 
 
and (ii) unless otherwise permitted by then current laws and 
regulations, Notes (including Notes denominated in 
sterling) which have a maturity of less than one year and in 
respect of which the issue proceeds are to be accepted by 
the Issuer in the United Kingdom or whose issue otherwise 
constitutes a contravention of section 19 of the FSMA will 
have a minimum denomination of £100,000 (or its 
equivalent in other currencies). 
Fixed Rate Notes: 
Fixed interest will be payable in arrear on the date or dates 
in each year specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Floating Rate Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest determined separately 
for each Series as follows:  
 
(i) on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional 
interest rate swap transaction in the relevant Specified 
Currency governed by a 2013 FBF Master Agreement 
relating to transactions on forward financial 
instruments, incorporating the FBF Definitions, as 
published by the Fédération Bancaire Française 
("FBF"), or 
(ii) on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional 
interest rate swap transaction in the relevant Specified 
Currency governed by an agreement incorporating 
the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as published by the 
International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. 
("ISDA") or the latest version of the 2021 ISDA 
Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions as published by 
ISDA, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, each 
as amended and updated as at the Issue Date of the 
first Tranche of the Notes; or 
(iii) by reference to EURIBOR or CMS Rate or any 
successor rate or any alternative rate, as adjusted for 
any applicable margin.  
Interest Periods will be specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. The Minimum Rate of Interest shall not be less than 
zero. 
 
 
Benchmark Discontinuation 
In the event that a Benchmark Event occurs, such that any 
rate of interest (or any component part thereof) cannot be 
determined by reference to the original benchmark or 
screen rate (as applicable) specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, then the Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours 
to appoint an independent adviser to determine a successor 
or an alternative benchmark and/or screen rate (with 
consequent amendment to the terms of such Series of Notes 
and the application of an adjustment spread). See Condition 
5(b)(iii)(C)(5) (Benchmark Discontinuation) for further 
information. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes: 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate (i) that 
the Issuer may elect to convert on the date set out in the 
Final Terms from a Fixed Rate to a Floating Rate, or from 
a Floating Rate to a Fixed Rate or (ii) that will automatically 
change from a Fixed Rate to a Floating Rate or from a 
Floating Rate to a Fixed Rate on the date set out in the Final 
Terms.

--- Page 10 ---
- 4- 
 
 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
Zero Coupon Notes (as defined in "Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes") may be issued at their nominal amount or at 
a discount to it and will not bear interest. 
Interest Periods and Interest 
Rates: 
The length of the Interest Periods for the Notes and the 
applicable Rate of Interest or its method of calculation may 
differ from time to time or be constant for any Series. Notes 
may have a Maximum Rate of Interest, a Minimum Rate of 
Interest, or both. The use of Interest Accrual Periods 
permits the Notes to bear interest at different rates in the 
same interest period. All such information will be set out in 
the relevant Final Terms. 
Redemption: 
The relevant Final Terms will specify the basis for 
calculating the Redemption Amounts payable. Unless 
permitted by then current laws and regulations, Notes 
(including Notes denominated in sterling) which have a 
maturity of less than one year and in respect of which the 
issue proceeds are to be accepted by the Issuer in the United 
Kingdom or whose issue otherwise constitutes a 
contravention of section 19 of the FSMA must have a 
minimum redemption amount of £100,000 (or its 
equivalent in other currencies).   
Optional Redemption: 
The Final Terms issued in respect of each Series of Notes 
will state whether such Notes may be redeemed prior to 
their stated maturity at the option of the Issuer (either in 
whole or in part) and/or the Noteholders, and if so the terms 
applicable to such redemption. 
If "Call Option" is specified as being applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may, subject to compliance 
by the Issuer with all relevant laws, regulations and 
directives redeem the Notes in whole or in part on any 
Optional Redemption Date (as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms). Any such redemption of Notes shall be at 
their Optional Redemption Amount (which may be the 
Early Redemption Amount and as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms) together with interest accrued to the date fixed 
for redemption. Any such redemption or exercise must 
relate to Notes of a nominal amount at least equal to the 
Minimum Redemption Amount to be redeemed as specified 
in the relevant Final Terms and no greater than the 
Maximum Redemption Amount to be redeemed specified 
in the relevant Final Terms. See Condition 6(d) "Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes - Redemption, Purchase and 
Options - Redemption at the Option of the Issuer". 
Redemption 
of 
Residual 
Outstanding Notes at the Option 
of the Issuer: 
If "Redemption of Residual Outstanding Notes at the 
Option of the Issuer" is specified as being applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms in respect of any Series of Notes, then 
the Issuer will have the option to redeem at par all but not 
some only of that Series of Notes at any time, provided that 
redemptions (except for a Make-Whole Redemption by the 
Issuer) or repurchases and cancellations of such Series shall 
have been previously effected in respect of at least 75 per 
cent. of the original aggregate principal amount of such 
Series of Notes.  
See Condition 6(e) "Terms and Conditions of the Notes - 
Redemption, Purchase and Options - Redemption of 
Residual Outstanding Notes at the Option of the Issuer".

--- Page 11 ---
- 5- 
 
 
Make-Whole Redemption by the 
Issuer: 
If "Make-Whole Redemption by the Issuer" is specified as 
being applicable in the relevant Final Terms in respect of 
any issue of Notes, the Issuer will have the option to redeem 
the Notes, in whole or in part, at any time or from time to 
time, prior to their Maturity Date at the Make-Whole 
Redemption Amount. 
See Condition 6(f) "Terms and Conditions of the Notes - 
Redemption, Purchase and Options - Make-Whole 
Redemption by the Issuer". 
Redemption at the option of 
Noteholders upon Change of 
Control: 
The holder of each Note will have, if a Change of Control 
Put Event occurs, the option to require the Issuer to redeem 
that Note on the Change of Control Put Date at its principal 
amount. 
See Condition 6(h) "Terms and Conditions of the Notes - 
Redemption, Purchase and Options - Redemption at the 
Option of the Noteholders upon a Change of Control". 
Redemption by Instalments: 
The Final Terms issued in respect of each issue of Notes 
that are redeemable in two or more instalments will set out 
the dates on which, and the amounts in which, such Notes 
may be redeemed. 
See Condition 6(a) "Terms and Conditions of the Notes - 
Redemption, Purchase and Options - Redemption by 
Instalments and Final Redemption". 
Early Redemption: 
Except 
as 
provided 
in 
"Optional 
Redemption", 
"Redemption of Residual Outstanding Notes at the Option 
of the Issuer", "Make-Whole Redemption by the Issuer" 
and "Redemption upon Change of Control" above, the 
Notes will be redeemable at the option of the Issuer prior to 
maturity only for tax reasons or, if applicable, in 
instalments. See Condition 6(b) "Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes - Redemption, Purchase and Options - Early 
Redemption" and Condition 6(c) "Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes - Redemption, Purchase and Options - 
Redemption for taxation reasons". 
Status of Notes: 
The Notes will constitute unsubordinated and unsecured 
obligations of the Issuer all as described in Condition 3 
"Terms and Conditions of the Notes – Status".  
Negative Pledge: 
The Notes will have the benefit of a negative pledge 
described in Condition 4 "Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes – Negative Pledge". 
Cross Default: 
The Notes will have the benefit of a cross-default described 
in Condition 10 "Terms and Conditions of the Notes – 
Events of Default".

--- Page 12 ---
- 6- 
 
 
Ratings: 
 
 
The Issuer has been designated a long-term credit rating of 
"BBB (negative outlook)" and a short-term credit rating of 
"A-2" by S&P. 
The Programme has been rated "BBB" in respect of Notes 
with a maturity of one year or more by S&P.  
Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated. 
The rating (if any) may be specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. The rating of the Notes will not necessarily be 
identical to the rating of the Issuer. A rating is not a 
recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be 
subject to suspension, change, or withdrawal at any time by 
the assigning rating agency. 
The relevant Final Terms will specify whether or not such 
credit ratings will be (1) issued or endorsed by a credit 
rating agency established in the EEA and registered under 
the EU CRA Regulation, or by a credit rating agency which 
is certified under the EU CRA Regulation and/or (2) issued 
or endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the UK 
and registered under the UK CRA Regulation, or by a credit 
rating agency which is certified under the UK CRA 
Regulation will be disclosed in the Final Terms  
If such credit rating agency is registered under the EU CRA 
Regulation, the Final Terms shall specify that such credit 
rating agency is included in the list of credit rating agencies 
published by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority ("ESMA") on its website in accordance with the 
EU 
CRA 
Regulation 
(https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-
agencies/risk). 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, S&P appears on the 
list of registered and certified rating agencies published by 
ESMA.  
 
 
A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or 
hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction 
or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
Withholding Tax: 
All payments of principal, interest and other revenues by or 
on behalf of the Issuer in respect of the Notes, the Receipts 
and the Coupons will be made free and clear of, and without 
withholding or deduction for, any taxes, duties, assessments 
or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, 
levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or within France 
or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, 
unless such withholding or deduction is required by law, 
subject to certain exceptions, all as described in Condition 
8 "Terms and Conditions of the Notes – Taxation". 
Governing Law: 
French law.

--- Page 13 ---
- 7- 
 
 
Approval, Listing and Admission 
to Trading: 
 
 
Application has been made for the Notes issued under the 
Programme to be admitted to trading on Euronext Paris. 
The Notes may also be listed and admitted to trading on 
such other or further stock exchange(s) as may be agreed 
between the Issuer, and the relevant Dealer in relation to 
each Series. The Final Terms relating to each Tranche of 
Notes will state whether or not and, if so, on which stock 
exchange(s) the Notes are to be listed and admitted to 
trading. 
Selling Restrictions: 
There are restrictions on the offer and sale of Notes and the 
distribution of offering material in various jurisdiction, 
including the EEA, the United States, the United Kingdom, 
France and Japan. See the section headed "Subscription and 
Sale" of this Base Prospectus. 
The Issuer is Category 2 for the purposes of Regulation S.  
The Notes to be issued by the Issuer qualify under Category 
2 for the purposes of Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
Materialised Notes will be issued in compliance with US 
Treas. Reg. § 1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (the "D Rules") unless (i) 
the Relevant Final Terms state that such Materialised Notes 
are issued in compliance with US Treas. Reg. § 1.163-
5(c)(2)(i)(C) (the "C Rules"), or (ii) such Materialised 
Notes are issued other than in compliance with the D Rules 
or the C Rules but in circumstances in which the Notes will 
not constitute "registration required obligations" under the 
United States Tax Equity and Fiscal Responsibility Act of 
1982 ("TEFRA"), which circumstances will be referred to 
in the relevant Final Terms as a transaction to which 
TEFRA is not applicable. 
The TEFRA rules do not apply to any Dematerialised 
Notes. 
Representation of Noteholders: 
Noteholders will, in respect of all Tranches in any Series, 
be grouped automatically for the defence of their common 
interests in a masse (in each case, the "Masse"). 
The Masse will be a separate legal entity and will act in part 
through a representative (the "Representative") and in part 
through collective decisions of the Noteholders (the 
"Collective Decisions"). If and for so long as the Notes are 
held by a sole Noteholder, such Noteholder shall exercise 
all powers, rights and obligations entrusted to the Masse by 
the provisions of the French Code de Commerce.

--- Page 14 ---
- 8- 
 
 
RISK FACTORS 
The Issuer believes that the following factors may affect its ability to fulfil its obligations under Notes issued under 
the Programme. All of these factors are contingencies which may or may not occur. The risk factors may relate to 
the Issuer or the Group. 
Factors which the Issuer believes are specific to the Notes and material for making an informed investment decision 
with respect to investing in the Notes issued under the Programme are also described below. 
Investors are invited to read carefully the information provided in the risk factors before investing in the Notes. 
Investors’ attention is drawn to the fact that other risks, not identified as at the date of this Base Prospectus or whose 
realization is not considered likely to have, as at this same date, a significant negative impact on the Issuer's business, 
financial situation and results, its perspectives, its development and/or on the Notes, may exist or occur. Prospective 
investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus (including any 
documents incorporated by reference herein and the relevant Final Terms) and reach their own views prior to making 
any investment decision. In particular, investors should consult their own financial and legal advisers about risks 
associated with the investment in a particular series of Notes and the suitability of investing in the Notes in light of 
their particular circumstances. 
Terms defined herein shall have the same meaning as in the "Terms and Conditions of the Notes". 
Factors that may affect the Issuer's ability to fulfil its obligations under Notes issued under the Programme 
The risk factors relating to the Issuer are limited to those that are specific to the Issuer and material to an informed 
investor's decision to invest in the Notes. In assessing the materiality of each risk, the Issuer has considered the 
probability of its occurrence (bearing in mind the Issuer's risk management policies) and the magnitude of its impact 
on the Issuer.  
 The risk factors have been presented in a limited number of categories depending on their nature. The risks which 
the Issuer considers to be the most material are set out first in each category, with the remaining risk factors in each 
category set out in descending order of materiality. No importance should be given to the order of the different 
categories.    
1. 
Structural and business risks 
Competition could materially adversely affect Carrefour Banque’s revenues and profitability  
 
Carrefour Banque’s principal activities are retail banking and insurance broking, which together constitute nearly all 
of Carrefour Banque's activities. Therefore its principal competitors are commercial banks, consumer finance and 
insurance companies as well as other banks forming part of competitor supermarket chains. Carrefour Banque’s 
market share for its credit activity as at 31 December 2020 was 2.8% of the total credit activity of all members of the 
French Association Française des Sociétés Financières1. Some of Carrefour Banque’s competitors may be able to 
offer lower rates if they have lower borrowing costs due to their greater size and profitability and others may offer 
lower rates to attract new customers as part of a commercial strategy. The high number of competitors means that 
this risk is particularly relevant to Carrefour Banque. If Carrefour Banque is unable to respond to the competitive 
environment in retail banking and insurance broking with attractive and profitable products and services in a timely 
manner, Carrefour Banque may lose its existing market share in such sectors. The loss of existing customers to 
competitors and/or the failure to attract new customers, particularly in the retail banking and insurance broking 
sectors, could have a significant impact on the results, financial situation and prospects of Carrefour Banque, and 
could ultimately have an impact on Carrefour Banque's ability to respect its payment obligations to Noteholders, the 
significance of which would depend on how much market share was lost.  
 
Carrefour Banque relies on Carrefour hypermarkets to distribute its products  
 
Although it does have a network for distribution via telephone sales and via its website, Carrefour Banque distributes 
the vast majority of its products (consumer loans, insurance and savings products) to its customers through Carrefour 
hypermarkets (specifically at its 175 financial services stands in each Carrefour hypermarket in France) and so relies 
on Carrefour’s hypermarket chain for distribution. Therefore, if there is a decrease in Carrefour hypermarket 
customers, permanently or temporarily (see "Risks relating to COVID-19" below), this could lead to a decrease in 
the number of new customers and/or in the sale of further Carrefour Banque products to existing customers. During 
the first half of 2021, the COVID-19 related health restrictions imposed at a national level in France led to shortened 
 
1 Source: The Association Française des Sociétés Financières.

--- Page 15 ---
- 9- 
 
 
opening hours of Carrefour hypermarkets and significant decreases in footfall, which constitute real and significant 
risks. Should Carrefour Banque fail to attract new customers, it may see its market share decreased, and this and/or 
its failure to sell new (or renew the subscription of) Carrefour Banque products to existing customers, could have a 
direct and immediate impact on its revenues and profitability and ultimately its ability to respect its payment 
obligations to Noteholders. 
 
Carrefour Banque’s products are primarily limited to the French market  
 
Carrefour Banque operates primarily within the French market, with the French net banking income representing 
88% of Carrefour Banque's consolidated net banking income and 99.8% of Carrefour Banque's balance sheet as at 
31 December 2020. A weakening of the French economy could therefore bring about a decline in Carrefour Banque 
activity, in particular if an economic downturn led to significant changes in European or French economic policy, in 
interest rate changes and in reduced consumer spending and borrowing which would have an immediate and direct 
impact on Carrefour Banque's activity. The significance of the impact would depend upon the nature of the interest 
rate changes, but a significant impact could affect Carrefour Banque's ability to respect its payment obligations to 
Noteholders. Carrefour Banque is looking to expand into other regions such as Belgium and Spain, but similar risks 
also exist in such regions, particularly as they are also impacted by European economic policy. 
Risks relating to COVID-19 
The COVID-19 pandemic is still an ongoing event, the duration of which remains uncertain, and measures adopted 
in reaction to it by public authorities (on a national or local scale) are in constant evolution. If new governmental 
measures were to be imposed due to the evolution of the pandemic, they could have a significant negative impact on 
Carrefour Banque's activity due to an adverse effect on customers' purchasing behaviour (including potential 
decreases in the frequency of customers' visits to Carrefour hypermarkets and the use of MasterCards by Pass card 
holders), demand for new personal loans and savings products from Carrefour Banque and on the capacity of 
Carrefour Banque's customers to meet their payment obligations.  
At the end of August 2021, the rate of non-performing loans on the books of Carrefour Banque was around 17%. In 
turn, the demand for Carrefour Banque's services and products may decrease and its exposure to the customer credit 
risk described in the "Credit risk" category below, may increase significantly. Depending on the possible 
implementation of local measures, the evolution of the pandemic and mortality rates, COVID-19 could continue to 
have a material adverse effect on the business, operations and results of the Issuer which may impact its ability to 
respect its payment obligations under the Notes and lead to a loss of all or part of the Noteholders' investment. 
Investors have recourse only to the Issuer 
The Notes are the liabilities of the Issuer only, and investors will therefore only have recourse to the Issuer for 
payments due under the Notes. There are no guarantees provided by the shareholders of Carrefour Banque (despite 
the reliance of Carrefour Banque on its shareholders (Carrefour (which holds a 60% shareholding) and BNP Paribas 
Personal Finance S.A. (which holds a 40% shareholding)) for its funding requirements) or any other persons in 
relation to the Notes, and the Notes do not benefit from any security. Investors must therefore make an informed 
assessment of the creditworthiness of the Issuer as a significant deterioration in the financial situation of Carrefour 
Banque may impact its ability to respect its payment obligations under the Notes and have a direct impact on the 
Noteholders' investment.  
2. 
Credit risk 
Carrefour Banque is exposed to credit risk from its customers and recovery risk  
 
Carrefour Banque is exposed to credit risk from individual customers who have credit cards or loans with Carrefour 
Banque, particularly in relation to two of its credit solutions: (i) revolving credit which as at 31 December 2020 
constituted 40% of its total credit portfolio and (ii) personal loans which as at 31 December 2020 constituted 34% of 
its total credit portfolio, but also in relation to its specific purchase loans, which as at 31 December 2020 constituted 
3% of its total credit portfolio. There is a risk of loss arising from the failure of such customers to respect the payment 
or other terms of their loan(s) or credit card debt. As at 31 December 2020, Carrefour Banque had €1,709 million of 
total credit granted and outstanding, of which 7% were classified by Carrefour Banque as doubtful loans as at 31 
December 2020. Carrefour Banque's recovery of its customers' debts has an impact on its cash flow which is relevant 
to its ability to respect coupon payments and, in particular, payments of principal in relation to the Notes. Carrefour 
Banque has procedures in place to evaluate the credit profile of individual customers and specific committees that 
meet regularly to assess the credit risk of its loan portfolio (see "Description of the Issuer - Risk Management"), but 
the risk of customer default cannot be excluded as Carrefour Banque's credit risk is heavily dependent upon economic 
factors, including unemployment, personal income growth and disposable household incomes. Carrefour Banque has 
no corporate banking activities and is reliant on its retail banking activities to generate revenues. Although lending

--- Page 16 ---
- 10- 
 
 
to retail customers helps to ensure that Carrefour Banque’s lending concentrations and single-party exposure remain 
low, it may also increase the overall credit risk in the loan portfolio since retail customers typically have less financial 
strength than corporate borrowers, and negative developments in the French economy (see "Carrefour Banque's 
products are primarily limited to the French market") could affect such borrowers more significantly than large 
corporate borrowers.  
 
As at 31 December 2020, Carrefour Banque's total cost of risk amounted to -€78.06 million.  
The Issuer engages in insurance broking activities 
Carrefour Banque is exposed to underwriting risk, liquidity risk and credit risk through its insurance broking 
activities. As at 31 December 2020, Carrefour Banque's total cost of risk stands at €78.06 million compared to net 
banking income of €262 million. Carrefour Banque's revenues generated through Carrefour Banque's insurance 
broking activities are not taken into account in its cost of risk. Carrefour Banque is exposed to the risk of financial 
loss caused by a sudden, unexpected increase in insurance claims. This underwriting risk may be statistical, 
macroeconomic or behavioural, or may be related to public health issues or disasters.  
 
Carrefour Banque is also exposed to liquidity risk relating to its ability to fulfil current or future foreseen or 
unforeseen cash requirements coming from insurance commitments to policyholders. Carrefour Banque actively 
monitors its liquidity situation, using assessments based on internal standards, early warning indicators and 
regulatory ratios. Finally, Carrefour Banque is exposed to credit risk relating to its finance insurance policies. There 
is a risk of loss and cash flow problems arising from the failure of a customer to meet the payment or other terms of 
its insured contract. Carrefour Banque has procedures in place to evaluate the credit profile of individual customers 
and specific committees that meet regularly to assess the risk of default by borrowers.  
 
If Carrefour Banque's risk management policies were to provide inadequate or there was a substantial increase in 
insurance claims and Carrefour Banque incurred significant financial loss and/or experienced cash flow problems as 
a result, this could have an impact on Carrefour Banque's ability to respect its payment obligations under the Notes 
and lead to a loss of all or part of the Noteholder's investment. 
3. 
Funding and liquidity risks 
Liquidity risks 
Carrefour Banque finances its activities principally the raising of finance through bank lending and in particular the 
capital markets. Carrefour Banque is subject to the risk that it will have insufficient liquidity to (i) repay its debts 
when they fall due (in particular payments under any savings contracts, see "The Issuer engages in insurance broking 
activities" above) and (ii) fund its existing or new consumer loans. Such risk is exacerbated by the recovery risk 
mentioned in "Carrefour Banque is exposed to credit risk from its customers and recovery risk" above and by the 
risk that its financing requirements could increase (for example, due to an unexpected increase in insurance claims, 
see "The Issuer engages in insurance broking activities" above) or that its access to funds could be affected by factors 
outside of its control (for example, due to a deterioration in the French economy, see "Carrefour Banque’s products 
are primarily limited to the French market").  
 
Carrefour Banque controls this risk by strict management rules which are subject to a monthly evaluation. The 
financial management of the Issuer aims to give a refinancing certainty of at least 12 months. The outstanding amount 
of short term indebtedness cannot exceed the back-up liquidity constituted by confirmed letters of credit. In addition, 
the Issuer endeavours to diversify as much as possible the sources of its funding, such as syndicated loans, ECB-
eligible securitisation, Neu CPs and Neu MTNs, savings products, fixed term deposits and bilateral loan facilities, in 
order to attract classes of short and medium-term investors.  
 
As at 31 December 2020, Carrefour Banque's liquidity coverage ratio stood at 223.87%, well above the regulatory 
requirement of 100%. In addition, although Carrefour Banque’s benefitted from total funding commitments of EUR 
4,887 million as at 31 December 2020, only EUR 3,188 million had been used as at 31 December 2020. It would 
take quite a significant restriction to Carrefour Banque's access to the capital markets, for example due to severely 
adverse market conditions, for there to be an impact on Carrefour Banque's ability to respect its payment obligations 
to creditors, including the Noteholders, in particular because Carrefour Banque has undrawn credit lines in place (see 
"Description of the Issuer – Funding and Liquidity") which could be drawn as an alternative source of funding. 
Interest rate risk 
Interest rate risk is the risk that changes in market interest rates and prices will negatively affect Carrefour Banque's 
income and capital and increase its borrowing costs. Carrefour Banque's customer loans are issued at fixed interest

--- Page 17 ---
- 11- 
 
 
rates, for durations of between 12 to 84 months for personal loans (which as at 31 December 2020 constituted 34% 
of its total credit portfolio) and 36 to 60 months for revolving credit (according to the amount of the authorised 
overdraft) which as at 31 December 2020 constituted 40% of its total credit portfolio. However, the financial 
management of the Issuer aims to protect and optimize its financial margin. It is based on an apprehension of its loan 
portfolio by categories of identical characteristics (e.g. same type of interest rate, same principle of pricing revision, 
same type of depreciation) in order to obtain the adequate hedging of such interest rate risk. As a sudden change in 
market interest rates could have a significant impact on the financial margin of Carrefour Banque and therefore its 
financial prospects, the interest rate risk is measured on a monthly basis for each category of assets, by applying the 
interest rate limit methodology subject to a stress rate of 2 per cent., in accordance with which the result is framed 
within an authorised range instead of being a percentage of the result, and as a percentage of equity.  
Carrefour Banque’s Shareholder Structure 
Although Carrefour Banque is continuing to diversify its funding sources by relying on different market segments, 
such as syndicated loans, ECB-eligible securitisation, Neu CPs and Neu MTNs, saving products, fixed term deposits 
and bilateral loan facilities, and by seeking to work with new counterparties (see "Description of the Issuer – Funding 
and Liquidity"), Carrefour Banque relies to an extent on its shareholders, Carrefour (which holds a 60% shareholding) 
and BNP Paribas Personal Finance S.A. (which holds a 40% shareholding), for its funding requirements, more 
specifically as a back-up source of liquidity. If either of the current shareholders ceases to be a shareholder of 
Carrefour Banque, this may have an effect on Carrefour Banque’s ability to source funding in the future and may 
result in a deterioration in its financial condition and ability to pay its obligations, including to the Noteholders, as 
they fall due. The shareholders have historically financially supported the Issuer when necessary, though if they were 
to cease doing so in the future, this could have an impact on the Issuer's financial situation and its ability to respect 
its payment obligations to creditors, including the Noteholders.  
4. 
Organisational and operational risks 
The Issuer is subject to operational risks 
The business of the Issuer could be disrupted and suffer losses as a result of information technology difficulties 
especially in relation to credit scoring systems and customer databases, human error, fraud or breakdowns in 
processes and procedures, whether within Carrefour Banque or with its service providers. The occurrence of such 
problems could adversely affect Carrefour Banque's reputation with its customers and result in their turning to 
Carrefour Banque's competitors for their future requirements and any disruption to its servicing activities, due to 
inability to access or accurately maintain its customer account records or otherwise, could have a significant negative 
impact on its ability to collect on those receivables and/or satisfy its customers. Should Carrefour Banque's current 
and future revenues be affected by such an operational failure, which would be possible depending on the nature and 
significance of the operational failure, this could have an impact on Carrefour Banque's ability to respect its payment 
obligations to creditors, including the Noteholders. 
Carrefour Banque’s Organisational Structure 
Carrefour Banque relies on other members of the Carrefour group for certain important functions relating to its 
business and for a number of support functions required to conduct its business, such as human resources, information 
technology and legal services. If, in the future, such members of the Carrefour group were to become unable or 
unwilling to provide these services to Carrefour Banque, Carrefour Banque’s operations could be disrupted if it were 
not able to handle the relevant functions in-house and Carrefour Banque could incur substantial replacement costs 
for hiring in-house staff or contracting with other external providers. Any such disruption could potentially result in 
financial losses or other damage to Carrefour Banque, including damage to its reputation, which if significant, could 
both have an impact on Carrefour Banque's ability to respect its payment obligations to creditors, including the 
Noteholders. 
5. 
Legal and regulatory risks 
Carrefour Banque's business is subject to consumer protection regulatory regimes  
Carrefour Banque must comply with new and changing consumer credit regulations, most importantly the French loi 
no 2014-344 du 17 mars 2014 relative à la consommation, and, also in relation to the other jurisdictions in which it 
operates (i.e. Belgium), European Directive 2008/48/EC on consumer credit agreements. Such consumer protection 
legislation regulates how Carrefour Banque can advertise to current and potential clients, what information it can 
provide to borrowers regarding interest rates and loan conditions, how it should carry out pre-financing credit checks 
and how borrowers’ can cancel or prepay financing contracts entered into with Carrefour Banque. The regulations 
also affect the maximum amounts that Carrefour Banque can lend to consumers and what the maximum interest rates 
(usury rates) should be. Carrefour Banque’s efforts to comply with these laws and regulations impose significant 
costs, and affect the conduct of its business, in some cases potentially reducing its margins and revenues. Additional

--- Page 18 ---
- 12- 
 
 
regulation and in particular the changes to the European Directive 2008/48/EC put forward as part of the European 
Commission's proposal published on 30 June 2021 for a directive on consumer credits may add further significant 
costs or operational constraints that might impair the profitability of its business and have an impact on its ability to 
respect its payment obligations to creditors, including the Noteholders.  
 
Carrefour Banque's business is subject to banking supervisory regulations  
Carrefour Banque has to bear costs of complying with banking supervisory regulations such as Basel III. An increase 
in regulation and capital requirements, in particular, in Europe and in France, could make certain parts of the business 
of Carrefour Banque more costly to operate and less competitive and could impact the financial situation of Carrefour 
Banque to such an extent that its ability to respect its payment obligations to the Noteholders would be impaired.  
 
The financial measures that have been adopted notably by Directive 2013/36/EU of the European Parliament and of 
the Council of 26 June 2013 on prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms, as published in 
the Official Journal of the European Union on 27 June 2013 ("CRD IV", as amended or replaced from time to time, 
including by Directive (EU) 2019/878 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 ("CRD V")) 
and Regulation (EU) No. 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013 on prudential 
requirements for credit institutions and investment firms ("CRR", as amended or replaced from time to time, 
including by Regulation (EU) 2019/876 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 as regards 
the leverage ratio, the net stable funding ratio, requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities, counterparty credit 
risk, market risk, exposures to central counterparties, exposures to collective investment undertakings, large 
exposures, reporting and disclosure requirements ("CRR 2"), Regulation (EU) No 648/2012 and Regulation (EU) 
2020/873 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 24 June 2020 amending Regulations (EU) No 575/2013 
and (EU) 2019/876 as regards certain adjustments in response to the COVID-19 pandemic), or that may be adopted, 
include more stringent capital and liquidity requirements and the creation of new and strengthened regulatory bodies. 
In many countries, the majority of these topics are subject to revision and need adapting to each country's framework 
by national regulators. Although CRR 2 shall as a general rule apply as from 28 June 2021, a number of provisions 
of CRR 2 are already in force since 27 June 2019, including certain provisions related to own funds and the provisions 
on the introduction of the new requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities. It must be noted that CRR and 
CRR2 have been amended by Regulation No. 2020/873 of 24 June 2020 setting out certain adjustments in response 
to the COVID-19 pandemic (notably through a number of temporary prudential rules), aimed at mitigating the 
economic shock caused thereby. These new provisions generally apply as from 27 June 2020.  
 
On 23 November 2016, the European Commission issued legislative proposals for amending notably CRD IV/CRR, 
Directive 2014/59/EU of the Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014 establishing a framework for the recovery 
and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms ("BRRD") as amended or replaced from time to time, 
including by Directive (EU) 2019/879 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 ("BRRD 2") 
and Regulation (EU) No. 806/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 July 2014 establishing 
uniform rules and a uniform procedure for the resolution of credit institutions and certain investment firms in the 
framework of a Single Resolution Mechanism and a Single Resolution Fund ("SRMR"), which were adopted on 20 
May 2019.  
 
Such amended directives and regulations are now being referred to as CRD V/CRR 2, BRRD 2 and SRMR 2 (as 
defined below) shall be implemented by each Member State into local law by 28 December 2020. The amended 
version of the CRR has taken effect as from June 2021, with the exception of certain provisions that had already 
entered into effect or that will take effect through 2025. The amended version of the SRMR took effect as from 28 
December 2020. Following the entry into force of CRD V/CRR 2, Carrefour Banque will be subject to, among other 
things, a binding leverage ratio (LR) as well as an harmonised net stable funding ratio (NSFR). CRD V and BRRD 
2 were implemented under French law by French Ordonnance n°2020-1636 relative au régime de résolution dans le 
secteur bancaire of 21 December 2020 and French Ordonnance n°2020-1635 portant diverses dispositions 
d'adaptation de la législation au droit de l'Union européenne en matière financière of 21 December 2020. 
 
There are still uncertainty as to the full impact of such amended legislations on the business of French credit 
institutions such as Carrefour Banque further to the full implementation of those rules under French law. 
Factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes issued under 
the Programme 
1. Risks relating to all Series of Notes

--- Page 19 ---
- 13- 
 
 
Credit risk 
An investment in the Notes involves taking credit risk on the Issuer. Since the Notes are unsecured obligations of the 
Issuer, benefitting from no direct recourse to any assets or guarantees, the Noteholders can only rely on the ability of 
the Issuer to pay any amount due under the Notes. The value of the Notes will depend on the creditworthiness of the 
Issuer (as may be impacted by the risks relating to the Issuer described above). If the creditworthiness of the Issuer 
deteriorates, the potential impact on the Noteholders could be significant because (i) the Issuer may not be able to 
fulfill all or part of its payment obligations under the Notes, (ii) the market value of the Notes may decrease and (iii) 
investors may lose all or part of their investment. 
An active trading market for the Notes may not develop 
Notes issued under the Programme will be new securities which may not be widely distributed and for which there 
may be no active trading market (unless in the case of any particular Tranche, such Tranche is to be consolidated 
with and form a single series with a Tranche of Notes which is already issued). If the Notes are traded after their 
initial issuance, they may trade at a discount to their initial offering price, depending upon prevailing interest rates, 
the market for similar securities, general economic conditions and the financial condition of the Issuer. Although the 
Final Terms of a Series of Notes may provide that such Notes will be listed and admitted to trading on Euronext 
Paris and/or any other stock exchange, any such application may not be accepted, any such Series of Notes may not 
be admitted or an active trading market in respect of such Series may not develop and, once accepted and/or admitted, 
such admission and/or listing may be suspended or terminated during the life of the Notes of such Series. Such 
situation could materially affect the market value of the Notes.  
In addition, certain Notes may be designed for specific investment objectives or strategies and therefore may have a 
more limited secondary market and experience more price volatility than conventional debt securities. This may have 
a negative impact on the liquidity of the Notes and result in low trading volumes. The degree of liquidity of the Notes 
may negatively impact the price at which an investor can dispose of the Notes where the investor is seeking to achieve 
a sale within a short timeframe. In such circumstances, the impact of this risk on the Noteholder would be high 
because Notes would likely have to be resold at a discount to the nominal value of the Notes. Furthermore, if 
additional and competing products are introduced in the markets, this may have a significant adverse effect on the 
market value of the Notes. 
French Insolvency Law and EU Restructuring Directive 
The Issuer is a société anonyme with its corporate seat in France. In the event that the Issuer becomes insolvent, 
insolvency proceedings will be generally governed by the insolvency laws of France to the extent that, where 
applicable, the “centre of main interests” (as construed under Regulation (EU) 2015/848, as amended) of the Issuer 
is located in France.  
The Directive (EU) 2019/1023 on preventive restructuring frameworks, on discharge of debt and disqualifications, 
and on measures to increase the efficiency of procedures concerning restructuring, insolvency and discharge of debt, 
and amending Directive (EU) 2017/1132 has been transposed into French law by the Ordonnance 2021-1193 dated 
15 September 2021. Such Ordonnance, applicable as from 1st October 2021, amends French insolvency laws notably 
with regard to the process of adoption of restructuring plans under insolvency proceedings. According to this 
Ordonnance, “affected parties” (including notably creditors, and therefore the Noteholders) shall be treated in 
separate classes which reflect certain class formation criteria for the purpose of adopting a restructuring plan. Classes 
shall be formed in such a way that each class comprises claims or interests with rights that reflect a sufficient 
commonality of interest based on verifiable criteria. Noteholders will no longer deliberate on the proposed 
restructuring plan in a separate assembly, meaning that they will no longer benefit from a specific veto power on this 
plan. Instead, as any other affected parties, the Noteholders will be grouped into one or several classes (with 
potentially other types of creditors) and their dissenting vote may possibly be overridden (i) by a cram down inside 
their class if grouped with other creditors or (ii) by a cross-class cram down between classes. 
However, since the Issuer is a French credit institution, the opening of any amicable pre-insolvency proceedings or 
court-administered insolvency proceedings is subject to the Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de résolution's prior 
assent (avis conforme).  
Should such proceedings be opened, the commencement of insolvency proceedings against the Issuer would have a 
material adverse effect on the market value of Notes issued by the Issuer. As a consequence, any decisions taken by 
a class of affected parties could negatively and significantly impact the Noteholders and cause them to lose all or 
part of their investment, should they not be able to recover all or part of the amounts due to them from the Issuer.

--- Page 20 ---
- 14- 
 
 
Exchange rate risks and exchange controls. 
The Programme allows for Notes to be issued in a range of currencies (each, a "Specified Currency"). The Specified 
Currency for any Series of Notes will be identified in the relevant Final Terms. The Issuer will pay principal and 
interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency. This presents certain risks relating to currency conversions if an 
investor's financial activities are denominated principally in a currency or currency unit (the "Investor's Currency") 
other than the Specified Currency. These include the risk that exchange rates may significantly change (including 
changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or revaluation of the Investor's Currency) and the risk that 
authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor's Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. Such risks 
generally depend on a number of factors, including financial, economic and political events over which the Issuer 
has no control. An appreciation in the value of the Investor's Currency relative to the Specified Currency would 
decrease (1) the Investor's Currency-equivalent yield on the Notes, (2) the Investor's Currency-equivalent value of 
the principal payable on the Notes and (3) the Investor's Currency-equivalent market value of the Notes. 
Government and monetary or financial authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls 
that could adversely affect exchange rates, as well as the availability of the Specified Currency in which a Note is 
payable at the time of payment of interest and/or principal in respect of such Note. This risk should not be overplayed, 
but if it were to materialise, the Noteholders whose financial activities are carried out or dependent principally in a 
currency or currency unit other than the relevant Specified Currency could be very negatively impacted as they might 
receive less interest or principal than expected, or, at worst, no interest or principal. 
Modification of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
Condition 11 (Representation of Noteholders) contains provisions for consulting Noteholders on matters affecting 
their interest generally, including without limitation the modification of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
(subject to the limitations provided by French law). 
The Terms and Conditions permit in certain cases defined majorities to bind all Noteholders including Noteholders 
who did not attend (or were not represented) and vote at the relevant General Meeting (as defined in Condition 11) 
or were not represented at the relevant meeting or did not consent to a Written Decision (as defined in Condition 11) 
and Noteholders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority.  
Noteholders may through Collective Decisions (as defined in Condition 11) deliberate on proposals relating to the 
modification of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes subject to the limitations provided by French law. If a proposal 
is duly adopted through such a Collective Decision and such modification were to impair or limit the rights of the 
Noteholders, this may have a negative impact on the market value of the Notes.However, the likelihood of a majority 
of Noteholders adopting a decision that would have a significant adverse effect on the Noteholders should not be 
overplayed.  
Change of law 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes are based on and governed by French law and EU rules in effect as at the 
date of this Base Prospectus. Future judicial decisions or changes to French law, EU rules or their administrative 
practice, official application or interpretation may take place after the date of this Base Prospectus and may impact 
the Notes. If any change in law was unfavourable to the Issuer or the Noteholders, it could have an adverse or a 
significant adverse effect on the market value of the Notes (depending on the nature of the change) and could have 
potentially serious negative repercussions on the Noteholders' investment in the Notes. The risk of changes in law is 
higher for Notes with longer maturities.  
European Resolution Directive and French implementing legislation  
BRRD, as amended or replaced from time to time, including BRRD 2 was designed to provide the regulatory 
authorities (the "Relevant Resolution Authorities") with common tools and powers to address banking crisis pre-
emptively in order to safeguard financial stability and minimising the impact of an institution's failure on the 
economy and financial system. BRRD 2 was implemented under French law by French Ordinance no. 2020-1636 of 
21 December 2020 relating to the resolution regime in the banking sector (Ordonnance n°2020-1636 du 21 décembre 
2020 relative au régime de résolution dans le secteur bancaire). 
The provisions implementing BRRD into French law (the "French Resolution Regime") provide that the resolution 
board of the Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de résolution ("ACPR") may, when the point of non-viability is 
reached in respect of Carrefour Banque (i.e. (a) Carrefour Banque is failing or likely to fail, (b) there is no reasonable 
prospect that any alternative private sector measures or supervisory action would prevent the failure of Carrefour 
Banque within a reasonable timeframe, and (c) a resolution action is necessary in the public interest), use, alone or 
in combination, the following resolution tools towards Carrefour Banque:

--- Page 21 ---
- 15- 
 
 
• 
the sale of business – which enables resolution authorities to direct the sale of Carrefour Banque or the 
whole or part of its business on commercial terms;  
• 
the creation and use of a bridge institution – which enables resolution authorities to transfer all or part of 
the business of Carrefour Banque to a "bridge institution" (an entity created for this purpose that is wholly 
or partially in public control);   
• 
asset separation – which enables resolution authorities to transfer impaired or problem assets to one or more 
publicly owned asset management vehicles to allow them to be managed with a view to maximising their 
value through eventual sale or orderly wind-down (this can be used together with another resolution tool 
only); and  
• 
bail-in – which gives resolution authorities the power to write down partially or totally (down to zero) certain 
claims of unsecured creditors of Carrefour Banque and to convert certain unsecured debt claims to equity, 
which equity could also be subject to any future application of the general bail-in tool. The exercise of bail-
in by the Relevant Resolution Authorities may result in the partial or total write-down, or conversion into 
equity, of the Notes issued by Carrefour Banque, in which case the Noteholders would lose some or all of 
their investment. In order to facilitate the implementation of the bail-in tool, credit institutions and 
investment firms are required, under BRRD, to hold a sufficient amount of highly loss absorbing (bail-
inable) liabilities to ensure that sufficient financial resources are available for write down or conversion into 
equity (the Minimum Requirement for Own Funds and Eligible Liabilities ("MREL"), as amended by 
BRRD 2 and Regulation (EU) No. 2019/877 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 
amending SRMR ("SRMR 2")). When applying bail-in, the Relevant Resolution Authorities must first 
reduce or cancel common equity tier one, thereafter reduce, cancel, convert additional tier one instruments, 
then tier two instruments and other subordinated debts to the extent required and up to their capacity. If and 
if only this total reduction is less than the amount needed, the Relevant Resolution Authorities will reduce 
or convert to the extent required the principal amount or outstanding amount payable in respect of unsecured 
creditors in accordance with the hierarchy of claims in normal insolvency proceedings. 
In addition to the four resolution tools mentioned above, the Relevant Resolution Authorities could take with respect 
to the institution (or, under certain circumstances, its group) that is under resolution certain additional measures, such 
as, in particular and without limitation, the cancellation of debt securities or eligible liabilities, the variation of the 
terms of debt securities, the suspension of any obligation to pay or deliver financial instruments and/or the obligation 
for such institution to issue new securities. If Carrefour Banque's financial condition, or that of the Group, deteriorates 
or is perceived to deteriorate, the existence of all such resolution powers could cause the market value of the Notes 
issued by Carrefour Banque to decline more rapidly than would be the case in the absence of such powers. 
Article 68 of BRRD, as implemented into French law under article L. 613-45-1 of the French code monétaire et 
financier, provides that certain crisis prevention measures and crisis management measures, including the opening 
of a resolution proceeding in respect of Carrefour Banque, may not per se give rise to a contractual enforcement right 
against Carrefour Banque or the right to modify Carrefour Banque's obligations, so long as Carrefour Banque 
continues to meet its payment obligations. Accordingly, if a resolution proceeding is opened in respect of Carrefour 
Banque, Noteholders will not have the right to declare an event of default, to accelerate the maturity of the Notes, to 
modify the terms of the Notes or to exercise other enforcement rights in respect of the Notes so long as Carrefour 
Banque continues to meet its payment obligations. 
The exercise of any power under the French Resolution Regime or, any suggestion of such exercise, could materially 
adversely affect the rights of Noteholders, the price or value of their investment in any Notes and/or the ability of 
Carrefour Banque to satisfy its obligations under any Notes. 
2. Risks related to the structure and characteristics of a particular issue of Notes  
(1) Interest Rate Risks 
Interest rate risk on Fixed Rate Notes 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes allow the Issuer to issue Notes that pay a fixed rate of interest (“Fixed Rate 
Notes”) to Noteholders (see Condition 5(a) (Interest on Fixed Rate Notes). Investment in Notes which bear interest 
at a fixed rate involves the risk that subsequent changes in market interest rates may adversely affect the market value 
of the relevant Notes and potentially decrease the yield. As a consequence, the value on transfer of the Notes would 
be less than it would otherwise have been. The degree to which the market interest rate may vary presents a significant 
risk to the market value of the Notes if a Noteholder were to dispose of the Notes.

--- Page 22 ---
- 16- 
 
 
Investors will not be able to calculate in advance the rate of return on Floating Rate Notes 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes allow the Issuer to issue Notes that bear interest at a floating rate of interest 
("Floating Rate Notes") to Noteholders (see Condition 5(b) (Interest on Floating Rate Notes)). A key difference 
between Floating Rate Notes and Fixed Rate Notes (issued pursuant to Condition 5(a) (Interest on Fixed Rate Notes)) 
is that interest income on Floating Rate Notes cannot be anticipated. The floating rate of interest is comprised of a 
reference rate and a margin to be added or subtracted, as the case may be, from such base rate. Typically, the relevant 
margin will not change throughout the life of the Notes but there will be a periodic adjustment (as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms) of the reference rate (e.g., every three (3) months or six (6) months) which itself will change 
in accordance with general market conditions.  
Accordingly, the market value of Floating Rate Notes may be volatile if changes, particularly short term changes, to 
market interest rates evidenced by the relevant reference rate can only be reflected in the interest rate of these Notes 
upon the next periodic adjustment of the relevant reference rate. This stated volatility may have a significant adverse 
effect on the market value of the Notes. 
Therefore, the amount of interest payable by the Issuer may vary and Noteholders may receive no interest. Should 
the reference rate be at any time negative, it could, notwithstanding the existence of the relevant margin, result in the 
actual floating rate, consisting of the reference rate and the relevant margin, being lower than the relevant margin, 
provided that in no event will the relevant interest amount be less than zero. The interest amount payable on any 
Interest Payment Date may be different from the amount payable on the initial or previous Interest Payment Date 
and may negatively impact the return under the Notes and result in a reduced market value of the Notes if a 
Noteholder were to dispose of its Notes. 
In addition, a key difference between Floating Rate Notes and Fixes Rate Notes is that interest income on Floating 
Rate Note cannot be anticipated. Due to varying interest income, investors are not able to determine a definite yield 
of Floating Rate Notes at the time they purchase them, so that their return on investment cannot be compared with 
that of investments having longer fixed interest periods. If the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, as completed by 
the relevant Final Terms, provide for frequent interest payment dates, Noteholders are exposed to the reinvestment 
risk if market interest rates decline. That is, investors may reinvest the interest income paid to them only at the 
relevant lower interest rates then prevailing. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes 
The Terms and Conditions allow the Issuer to issue Notes with a fixed rate of interest that is later converted to a 
floating rate of interest and vice versa (see Condition 5(c) (Fixed/Floating Rate Notes)). Fixed/Floating Rate Notes 
may bear interest at a rate that the Issuer may elect to convert from a fixed rate to a floating rate, or from a floating 
rate to a fixed rate. The Issuer's ability to convert the interest rate will affect the secondary market and the market 
value of the Notes since the Issuer may be expected to convert the rate when it is likely to produce a lower overall 
cost of borrowing. If the Issuer converts from a fixed rate to a floating rate, the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate 
Notes may be less favourable than then prevailing spreads on comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to the same 
reference rate. In addition, the new floating rate at any time may be lower than the rates on other Notes. If the Issuer 
converts from a floating rate to a fixed rate, the fixed rate may be lower than then prevailing rates on its Notes. It is 
difficult to anticipate future market volatility in interest rates, but any such volatility may have a significant negative 
effect on the market value of the Notes.  
Zero Coupon Notes are subject to higher price fluctuations than non-discounted bonds. 
The Terms and Conditions allow the Issuer to issue zero coupon Notes (see Condition 5(d) (Zero Coupon Notes)). 
Changes in market interest rates have a substantially stronger impact on the prices of Zero Coupon Notes than on the 
prices of ordinary Notes because the discounted issue prices are substantially below par. If market interest rates 
increase, Zero Coupon Notes can suffer higher price losses than other Notes having the same maturity and credit 
rating. Due to their leverage effect, Zero Coupon Notes are a type of investment associated with a particularly high 
price risk. Therefore, in similar market conditions the holders of Zero Coupon Notes could be subject to higher losses 
on their investments than the holders of other instruments such as Fixed Rate or Floating Rate Notes. It is difficult 
to anticipate future market volatility in interest rates, but any such volatility may have a significant negative effect 
on the value of the Notes. 
Risks related to the regulation and reform of "benchmarks" 
Where, pursuant to Condition 5(b)(iii)(C), the relevant Final Terms for a Series of Floating Rate Notes specify that 
the Rate of Interest for such Notes will be determined by reference to the Euro Interbank Offered Rate 
("EURIBOR"), the Constant Maturity Swap rate ("CMS Rate") and other indices which are deemed to be 
"benchmarks", investors should be aware that such "benchmarks" are the subject of recent national, international and 
other regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already effective while others are still

--- Page 23 ---
- 17- 
 
 
to be implemented. These reforms may cause such benchmarks to perform differently than in the past, to change their 
methodology or other terms, to disappear entirely or have other consequences which cannot be predicted. Any such 
consequences could have a significant adverse effect on the liquidity, market value of and return on any Floating 
Rate Notes linked to or referencing such a "benchmark". 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (the "EU Benchmarks Regulation"), among other things, (i) requires benchmark 
administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if non-EU-based, to be subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise 
recognised or endorsed) and (ii) prevents certain uses by EU supervised entities (such as the Issuer) of benchmarks 
of administrators that are not authorised or registered (or, if non-EU based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or 
endorsed). 
In the United Kingdom, the EU Benchmarks Regulation which forms part of the United Kingdom domestic law by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA") provides similar provisions.  
 
Under Article 51 of the EU Benchmarks Regulation, an index provider may continue to provide an existing 
benchmark that has been recognised as a critical benchmark, or an existing benchmark that has been recognised as a 
critical benchmark may be used for existing and new financial instruments until 31 December 2021. 
 
Regulation (EU) 2019/2089 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 November 2019 has amended the 
existing provisions of the EU Benchmarks Regulation by extending the transitional provisions applicable to material 
benchmarks and third-country benchmarks until the end of 2021. 
 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation was further amended by Regulation (EU) 2021/168 of the European Parliament and 
of the Council of 10 February 2021 which introduces a harmonised approach to deal with the cessation or wind-
down of certain benchmarks (such as EURIBOR) by conferring the power to designate a statutory replacement for 
certain benchmarks on the Commission or the relevant national authority, such replacement being limited to contracts 
and financial instruments (such as certain Notes issued under the Programme) which contain no fallback provisions 
or no suitable fallback provisions before the date of cessation of the benchmark concerned. For instance, if pursuant 
to a fallback provision included in Condition 5(c)(iii) (Rate of Interest for Floating Rate Notes) a benchmark is 
replaced by a benchmark which no longer reflects or which significantly diverges from the underlying market or the 
economic reality that the benchmark in cessation is intended to measure, a statutory replacement of such benchmark 
may be designated. This replacement could have a negative impact on the value or liquidity of, and return on, certain 
Notes issued under the Programme linked to or referencing such benchmark and may not operate as intended at the 
relevant time or may perform differently from the discontinued or otherwise unavailable benchmark. However, there 
are still some uncertainties as to the application of these regulatory provisions as implementing acts must be adopted. 
In addition, the transitional provisions applicable to third-country benchmarks are extended until the end of 2023. 
The Commission is empowered to further extend this period until the end of 2025, if necessary. 
 
Notwithstanding the provisions of Condition 5(b)(iii)(C)(5) (Benchmark discontinuation) which seek to offset any 
adverse effects for the Noteholders, the EU Benchmarks Regulation or the EU Benchmarks Regulation as it forms 
part of domestic law in the United Kingdom in accordance with the EUWA could have a material impact on the 
market value and return of any Notes referencing a "benchmark", including in any of the following circumstances:  
 
(i) 
an index which is a "benchmark" could not be used by a supervised entity in certain ways if its 
administrator does not obtain authorisation or registration or, if based in a non-EU jurisdiction or in a 
non-United Kingdom jurisdiction, the administrator is not recognised as equivalent or recognised or 
endorsed and the transitional provisions do not apply; and 
 
(ii) 
the methodology or other terms of the relevant "benchmark" could be changed in order to comply with 
the requirements of the EU Benchmarks Regulation, or the EU Benchmarks Regulation as it forms part 
of domestic law in the United Kingdom in accordance with the EUWA and such changes could, among 
other things, have the effect of reducing or increasing or otherwise affecting the volatility of the 
published rate or level of the relevant "benchmark". 
 
More broadly, any of the international, national or other proposals for reform, or the general increased regulatory 
scrutiny of "benchmarks", could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting 
of a "benchmark" and complying with any such regulations or requirements. 
Such factors may have the following effects on certain "benchmarks" (including EURIBOR and CMS Rate): (i) 
discourage market participants from continuing to administer or contribute to such "benchmarks"; (ii) trigger changes 
in the rules or methodologies used in certain "benchmarks" or (iii) lead to the disappearance of certain "benchmarks". 
Any of the above changes or any other consequential changes as a result of international, national or other proposals

--- Page 24 ---
- 18- 
 
 
for reform or other initiatives or investigations, could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on 
any Floating Rate Notes linked to a "benchmark". 
Investors should be aware that, if a benchmark were discontinued or otherwise unavailable, the rate of interest on 
Notes which are linked to such benchmark will be determined for the relevant period by the fall-back provisions 
applicable to such Notes. However, such fallback provisions may be deviated from if deemed unsuitable by the 
Commission or the relevant national authority, as further explained above. Depending on the manner in which a 
benchmark is to be determined under the Terms and Conditions, this may (i) if ISDA Determination or FBF 
Determination applies pursuant to Condition 5(b)(iii)(A) or Condition 5(b)(iii)(B) respectively, be relying upon the 
provision by reference banks of offered quotations for the relevant benchmark which, depending on market 
circumstances, may not be available at the relevant time or (ii) if Screen Rate Determination applies pursuant to 
Condition 5(b)(iii)(C), result in the effective application of a fixed rate based on the rate which applied for the 
immediately preceding Interest Period for which the benchmark was available. Any of the foregoing could have a 
material adverse effect on the market value or liquidity of, and return on, any Notes linked to a "benchmark". 
 
The occurrence of a Benchmark Event could have a material adverse effect on the value and of the return of any 
Floating Rate Notes linked to or referencing such "benchmark" 
In the case of Screen Rate Determination for Notes linked to or referencing an inter-bank offered rate "benchmark" 
pursuant to Condition 5(b)(iii)(C), the Terms and Conditions of the Notes at Condition 5(b)(iii)(C)(5) provide for 
certain fallback arrangements in the event that Screen Rate Determination is specified to be "Applicable" in the 
relevant Final Terms and a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to the Relevant Rate (which may be an inter-bank 
offered rate such as EURIBOR) or other relevant reference rate, and/or any page on which such benchmark may be 
published, becomes unavailable, or if the Issuer, the Calculation Agent, any Paying Agent or any other party 
responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) are no longer permitted 
lawfully to calculate interest on any Floating Rate Notes by reference to such benchmark under the EU Benchmarks 
Regulation or otherwise.  
Such fallback arrangements include the possibility that the rate of interest could be set by reference to a Successor 
Rate or an Alternative Rate (both as defined in Condition 5(b)(iii)(C)(5)), with or without the application of an 
Adjustment Spread (as defined in Condition 5(b)(iii)(C)(5)), and may include amendments to the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes to ensure the proper operation of the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate, all as determined 
by the Independent Adviser (as defined in Condition 5(b)(iii)(C)(5)).  
No consent of the Noteholders shall be required in connection with effecting any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
(as applicable). In addition, no consent of the Noteholders shall be required in connection with any other related 
adjustments and/or amendments to the Terms and Conditions of the Floating Rate Notes which are made in order to 
effect any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable). 
In certain circumstances, and as specified in Condition 5(b)(iii)(C)(3), including (i) where no Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate (as applicable) is determined (ii) due to uncertainty relating to the availability of a Successor Rate 
or Alternative Rate (as the case may be), or (iii) if the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or, if an 
Independent Adviser is appointed, such Independent Adviser is unable to act, the fallback rules may not apply as 
expected at the relevant time. In such a scenario, alternative fallback rules may be applied, resulting in the rate of 
interest for such Interest Period being based on the rate which applied for the immediately preceding Interest Period 
(as indicated in the relevant Final Terms), as set out in the risk factor entitled "Risks related to the regulation and 
reform of "benchmarks" above.  
It is possible that, in the event that a Benchmark Event occurs, it will take some time before a clear successor rate or 
alternative rate is established in the market. Accordingly, Condition 5(b)(iii)(C)(5) provides as a further fallback that, 
following the designation of a Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate, if the Independent Adviser determines that the 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate is no longer substantially comparable to the Relevant Rate or does not constitute 
an industry accepted successor rate, the Issuer shall appoint or re-appoint an Independent Adviser for the purpose of 
confirming the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable) or determining a replacement Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate in accordance with Condition 5(b)(iii)(C)(5). If the Independent Adviser is unable to or otherwise 
does not determine a replacement Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable), then the previously-designated 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate will remain unchanged despite the fact that it may no longer be substantially 
comparable to the Relevant Rate or that it may no longer constitute an industry accepted rate, which may have a 
negative effect on the market value and yield of the Notes. 
The Successor Rate or Alternative Rate may have no or a very limited trading history and accordingly its general 
evolution and/or interaction with other relevant market forces or elements may be difficult to determine or measure. 
In addition, given the uncertainty concerning the availability of successor or alternative rates and the involvement of

--- Page 25 ---
- 19- 
 
 
an Independent Adviser, the relevant fallback provisions may not operate as intended at the relevant time and the 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate may perform differently from the discontinued Relevant Rate. 
None of the Adjustment Spread applied to any Series of Floating Rate Notes may adequately compensate for this 
impact. Any such adjustment could have unexpected consequences and due to the particular circumstances of each 
Noteholder, any such adjustment may be unfavourable to each Noteholder. This could in turn have quite a negative 
impact on the rate of interest on, and trading value of, the affected Floating Rate Notes. Moreover, any holders of 
such Floating Rate Notes that enter into hedging instruments based on the Relevant Rate may find their hedges to be 
ineffective, and they may incur costs in unwinding such hedges and replacing them with instruments tied to the 
successor or alternative rate. 
Any such consequences could have a negative effect on the liquidity and value of, and return on, any such Floating 
Rate Notes linked to or referencing such "benchmarks" because the occurrence of a Benchmark Event could result 
in a loss of a portion of the principal amount invested in the relevant Floating Rate Notes. 
 (2) Early Redemption Risks 
Any early redemption at the option of the Issuer, if provided for in any Final Terms for a particular issue of Notes, 
could cause the yield received by Noteholders to be considerably less than anticipated and the Noteholders may lose 
part of their investment. 
The Final Terms for a particular issue of Notes may provide for early redemption at the option of the Issuer including 
a Redemption of Residual Outstanding Notes at the Option of the Issuer as described in Condition 6(e) or a Make-
Whole Redemption by the Issuer as described in Condition 6(f).  
As a consequence of any such early redemption, the yields received upon redemption may be lower than expected, 
and the redemption price of the Notes may be lower than the purchase price for the Notes paid by the Noteholder. 
This could have a significant effect and part of the capital invested by the Noteholder may be lost, so that the 
Noteholder in such case would not receive the total amount of the capital invested. Furthermore, Noteholders that 
choose to reinvest monies they receive through an early redemption may be able to do so only in securities with a 
lower yield than the redeemed Notes. Should the Notes at such time be trading well above the price set for 
redemption, the negative impact on the Noteholders’ anticipated returns would be significant. 
The above factors mean that the very existence of these early redemption options in a particular Series of Notes could 
limit the market value of such Notes.  
In addition, with respect to the Redemption of Residual Outstanding Notes at the Option of the Issuer 
(Condition 6(e)), there is no obligation on the Issuer to inform investors if and when 75 per cent. or more of original 
aggregate principal amount of the relevant Series of Notes has been redeemed or is about to be redeemed, and the 
Issuer's right to redeem will exist notwithstanding that immediately prior to the serving of a notice in respect of the 
exercise of the Redemption of Residual Outstanding Notes at the Option of the Issuer the Notes may have been 
trading significantly above par, thus potentially resulting in a loss of capital invested or lower than expected returns. 
A partial redemption at the option of the Issuer or the exercise of a Put Option in respect of certain Notes may affect 
the liquidity of the Notes in respect of which such option is not exercised 
Depending on the number of Notes in respect of which a partial redemption of the Notes at the option of the Issuer 
provided in Conditions 6(d), 6(e) or 6(f) or at the option of the Noteholders provided in Conditions 6(g) or 6(h) is 
made, any trading market in respect of those Notes in respect of which such option is not exercised may become 
illiquid which, depending on the extent of the illiquidity, may have a direct and significant impact on any remaining 
Noteholders seeking to dispose of their Notes. In addition, investors may not be able to reinvest the moneys they 
receive upon such early redemption in securities with the same yield as the redeemed Notes. 
The Notes will be redeemed prior to maturity for taxation reasons. 
In the event that pursuant to Condition 8 the Issuer would be obliged to increase the amounts payable in respect of 
any Notes due to any withholding or deduction for or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties, assessments 
or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or on behalf of the 
jurisdiction of the Issuer or a political subdivision thereof or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, the 
Issuer may, at its option, redeem all outstanding Notes in accordance with Condition 6(c). Such early redemption 
may adversely affect the holders of the Notes as an investor may be exposed to risks connected to the reinvestment 
of cash proceeds from the early redemption of their Notes. As a consequence, Noteholders may lose all or part of 
their investment in the Notes.

--- Page 26 ---
- 20- 
 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
This Base Prospectus should be read and construed in conjunction with the following pages identified in the cross-
reference table below of the following documents, which have been filed with the AMF for the purposes of the EU 
Prospectus Regulation, and shall be deemed to be incorporated by reference in, and to form part of, this Base 
Prospectus:  
(a) 
the French language annual report of the Issuer for the financial year ended 31 December 2020 (the "2020 
Annual Report"), including the audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer as of, and for the year 
ended, 31 December 2020 prepared in accordance with IFRS and the audit report thereon and the audited non-
consolidated financial statements of the Issuer as of, and for the year ended, 31 December 2020 prepared in 
accordance with French GAAP and the audit report thereon; 
(b) 
the French language financial report of the Issuer for the financial year ended 31 December 2019 (the "2019 
Annual Financial Report"), including the audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer as of, and 
for the year ended, 31 December 2019 prepared in accordance with IFRS and the audit report thereon and the 
audited non-consolidated financial statements of the Issuer as of, and for the year ended, 31 December 2019 
prepared in accordance with French GAAP and the audit report thereon;  
(c) 
the section "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" set out on pages 24 to 56 of the base prospectus dated 29 
June 2020 (which received approval no. 20-288 from the AMF on 29 June 2020) (the "2020 Conditions"); 
(d) 
the section "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" set out on pages 22 to 53 of the base prospectus dated 3 May 
2019 (which received a visa from the AMF under number 19-183 on 3 May 2019) (the "2019 Conditions"); 
and 
(e) 
the section "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" set out on pages 19 to 45 of the base prospectus dated 30 June 
2017 (which received a visa from the AMF under number 17-314 on 30 June 2017) (the "2017 Conditions" 
and, together with the 2020 Conditions and the 2019 Conditions, the "EMTN Previous Conditions"). 
save that any statement contained in a document which is incorporated by reference herein shall be deemed to be 
modified or superseded for the purpose of this Base Prospectus to the extent that a statement contained herein 
modifies or supersedes such earlier statement (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise). Any statement so 
modified or superseded shall not be deemed, except as so modified or superseded, to constitute a part of this Base 
Prospectus. 
This Base Prospectus, any supplement to the Base Prospectus and the documents incorporated by reference above 
may be obtained, (i) at the registered office of the Issuer during normal business hours, (ii) on the website of the 
Issuer (www.carrefour-banque.fr/societe) and (iii) except in relation to the 2020 Annual Report and the 2019 Annual 
Financial Report, on the website of the AMF (https://www.amf-france.org). Provision of such documents does not 
constitute a representation that such documents have not been modified or superseded in whole or in part as specified 
above. Written or oral requests for such documents should be directed to the Issuer at its registered office set out at 
the end of this Base Prospectus. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the English versions of the 2020 Annual Report and 2019 Annual Financial Report 
available on the website of the Issuer are free translations of the corresponding French language documents and are 
furnished for information purposes only and are not incorporated by reference in this Prospectus. The only binding 
versions are the French language versions. 
 
The Final Terms related to Notes admitted to trading on Euronext Paris will be published on the websites of (i) the 
AMF (https://www.amf-france.org) and (ii) the Issuer (www.carrefour-banque.fr/societe). If the Notes are admitted 
to trading on a Regulated Market other than Euronext Paris, the relevant Final Terms will provide whether additional 
methods of publication are required and what they consist of.  
Other than in relation to the documents which are deemed to be incorporated by reference, the information on the 
websites to which this Base Prospectus (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any information on the websites which 
appear in the documents incorporated by reference) refers does not form part of this Base Prospectus and has not 
been scrutinised or approved by the AMF. 
For the purposes of the EU Prospectus Regulation, the information incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus 
is set out in the cross reference list below. For the avoidance of doubt, the information requested to be disclosed by 
the Issuer as a result of Annex 7 of the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 supplementing the EU 
Prospectus Regulation, as amended, and not referred to in the cross reference list below is either contained in the 
relevant sections of this Base Prospectus or is not relevant to the investors. Any information contained in the 
documents listed above which is not incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus shall be read in connection

--- Page 27 ---
- 21- 
 
 
with the cross-reference lists below. The information incorporated by reference that is not included in the cross-
reference lists is considered as additional information and is not required by the relevant schedules of the Commission 
Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980, as amended, not form part of this Base Prospectus. 
The information incorporated by reference above is available as follows: 
Cross-reference list in respect of information incorporated by reference 
Annex 7 of the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980, as amended 
11. Financial information concerning the Issuer's assets and liabilities, financial position and profits and losses 
 
2020 Annual Report 
2019 Annual Financial Report 
11.1 Historical Financial 
Information 
Pages 7-65  
Pages 12-66 
(a) the balance sheet 
Pages 8-9  
Page 29 
Pages 12-13 
Page 32 
(b) the income statement 
Pages 10-11 
Page 30 
Page 14 
Page 33 
(c) cash flow statement 
Page 32 
Page 35 
(d) the accounting policies 
and explanatory notes 
Pages 12-15 
Pages 33-43 
Pages 16-27 
Pages 36-63 
Auditors' report relating to 
the annual consolidated 
financial statements 
Pages 25-27 
Pages 63-65 
Pages 28-30 
Pages 64-66 
 
The EMTN Previous Conditions are incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus for the purpose of further 
issues of Notes to be assimilated (assimilées) and form a single series with Notes already issued under the base 
prospectus of the Issuer dated 29 June 2020 which received approval no. 20-288 on 29 June 2020 from the AMF (the 
"2020 Base Prospectus"), the base prospectus of the Issuer dated 3 May 2019 which received visa no. 19-183 on 3 
May 2019 from the AMF (the "2019 Base Prospectus") and the base prospectus of the Issuer dated 30 June 2017 
which received visa no. 17-314 on 30 June 2017 from the AMF (the "2017 Base Prospectus" and, together with the 
2020 Base Prospectus and the 2019 Base Prospectus, the "Previous Base Prospectuses").  
EMTN Previous Conditions 
2020 Conditions 
Pages 24 to 56 of the 2020 Base Prospectus 
2019 Conditions 
Pages 22 to 53 of the 2019 Base Prospectus 
2017 Conditions 
Pages 19 to 45 of the 2017 Base Prospectus 
 
Non-incorporated parts of the Previous Base Prospectuses are not relevant for investors.

--- Page 28 ---
- 22- 
 
 
SUPPLEMENT TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS 
If at any time the Issuer shall be required to prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus pursuant to the provisions 
of Article 23 of the EU Prospectus Regulation and Article 18 of the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 
2019/979, as amended, following the occurrence of a significant new factor, a material mistake or inaccuracy or 
omission relating to the information included or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus (including the 
"Terms and Conditions of the Notes") which may affect the assessment of any Notes, the Issuer will prepare and 
make available an appropriate supplement to this Base Prospectus, which in respect of any subsequent issue of Notes 
to be admitted to trading on Euronext Paris or on any other Regulated Market, shall constitute a supplement to the 
Base Prospectus for the purpose of the EU Prospectus Regulation. Any such supplement will be submitted to the 
AMF for approval.  
Statements contained in any such supplement (or contained in any document incorporated by reference therein) shall, 
to the extent applicable, be deemed to modify or supersede statements contained in this Base Prospectus or in a 
document which is incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. Any statement so modified or superseded shall 
not, except as so modified or superseded, constitute a part of this Base Prospectus. 
Any supplement to the Base Prospectus shall be (i) published on the websites of the AMF (www.amf-france.org) and 
the Issuer (www.carrefour-banque.fr) and (ii) available for inspection and obtainable, upon request and free of charge, 
during usual business hours, on any weekday at the registered office of the Issuer.

--- Page 29 ---
- 23- 
 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions that, subject to completion by the relevant Final Terms, shall be 
applicable to the Notes. 
In the case of Dematerialised Notes, the text of the terms and conditions will not be endorsed on physical documents 
of title but will be constituted by the following text as completed by the relevant Final Terms. In the case of 
Materialised Notes, either (i) the full text of these terms and conditions together with the relevant provisions of the 
Final Terms or (ii) these terms and conditions as so completed (and subject to simplification by the deletion of non-
applicable provisions), shall be endorsed on Definitive Materialised Notes. All capitalised terms that are not defined 
in these Conditions will have the meanings given to them in the relevant Final Terms. References in the Conditions 
to "Notes" are to the Notes of one Series only, not to all Notes that may be issued under the Programme. 
The Notes are issued by Carrefour Banque (the "Issuer") in series (each a "Series") having one or more issue dates 
and on terms otherwise identical (or identical other than in respect of the first payment of interest, issue date, issue 
price and nominal amount of the Tranche), the Notes of each Series being intended to be interchangeable with all 
other Notes of that Series. Each Series may be issued in tranches (each a "Tranche") on the same or different issue 
dates. The specific terms of each Tranche (which, save in respect of the issue date, issue price, first payment of 
interest and nominal amount of the Tranche, will be identical to the terms of other Tranches of the same Series) will 
be set out in the Final Terms of such Tranche (the "Final Terms"). 
The Notes are issued with the benefit of an amended and restated agency agreement dated 5 November 2021 between 
the Issuer, Société Générale, as fiscal agent and the other agents named in it (the "Agency Agreement"). The fiscal 
agent, the paying agents and the calculation agent(s) for the time being (if any) are referred to below respectively as 
the "Fiscal Agent", the "Paying Agents" (which expression shall include the Fiscal Agent) and the "Calculation 
Agent(s)".  
For the purpose of these Terms and Conditions, "Regulated Market" means any regulated market as defined in the 
Directive 2014/65/EU on markets in financial instruments, as amended, situated in a Member State of the European 
Economic Area ("EEA") or in the United Kingdom. 
References below to "Conditions" are, unless the context requires otherwise, to the numbered paragraphs below. 
In these Conditions, unless otherwise specified or the context otherwise requires, references below to "day" or "days" 
mean a calendar day. 
1. 
Form, Denomination and Title 
(a) 
Form: Notes may be issued either in dematerialised form ("Dematerialised Notes") or in 
materialised form ("Materialised Notes"), as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(i) 
Title to Dematerialised Notes will be evidenced in accordance with Articles L.211-3 et 
seq. and R.211-1 et seq. of the French Code monétaire et financier (the "Code") by book 
entries (inscriptions en compte). No physical document of title (including certificats 
représentatifs pursuant to Article R.211-7 of the Code) will be issued in respect of the 
Dematerialised Notes. 
Dematerialised Notes are issued, at the option of the Issuer, in either bearer dematerialised 
form (au porteur), which will be inscribed in the books of Euroclear France ("Euroclear 
France", acting as central depository) which shall credit the accounts of Account Holders 
(as defined below), or in registered dematerialised form (au nominatif) and, in such latter 
case, at the option of the relevant Noteholder in either administered registered form (au 
nominatif administré) inscribed in the books of an Account Holder or in fully registered 
form (au nominatif pur) inscribed in an account in the books of Euroclear France 
maintained by the Issuer or the registration agent (designated in the relevant Final Terms) 
acting on behalf of the Issuer (the "Registration Agent"). 
For the purpose of these Conditions, "Account Holder" means any authorised financial 
intermediary institution entitled, either directly or indirectly, to hold accounts on behalf of 
its customers with Euroclear France, and includes Euroclear Bank SA/NV, as operator of 
the Euroclear System ("Euroclear") and the depositary bank for Clearstream Banking 
S.A. ("Clearstream"). 
If French law so provides, the Issuer may require the identification of the Noteholders 
unless such right is expressly excluded in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 30 ---
- 24- 
 
 
(ii) 
Materialised Notes are issued in bearer form. Materialised Notes are serially numbered 
and are issued with coupons (the "Coupons") (and, where appropriate, a talon (the 
"Talon")) attached, save in the case of Zero Coupon Notes in which case references to 
interest (other than in relation to interest due after the Maturity Date), Coupons and Talons 
in these Conditions are not applicable. 
In accordance with Articles L.211-3 et seq. of the Code, securities (such as Notes) which 
are governed by French law and are in materialised form must be issued outside the French 
territory. 
(b) 
Denomination(s): Notes shall be issued in the specified denomination as set out in the relevant 
Final Terms (the "Specified Denomination") save that the minimum denomination of each Note 
admitted to trading on a Regulated Market in circumstances which require the publication of a 
Base Prospectus under the EU Prospectus Regulation will be €100,000 (or, if the Notes are 
denominated in a currency other than euro, the equivalent amount in such other currency) at the 
issue date or such other higher amount as may be allowed or required from time to time by the 
relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or regulations applicable to the relevant 
Specified Currency (as defined below).  
Unless permitted by the then current laws and regulations, Notes (including Notes denominated in 
Sterling) which have a maturity of less than one (1) year and in respect of which the issue proceeds 
are to be accepted by the Issuer in the United Kingdom or whose issue otherwise constitutes a 
contravention of section 19 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 must have a minimum 
redemption amount of £100,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies). 
Dematerialised Notes shall be issued in one Specified Denomination only. 
The Notes may be "Fixed Rate Notes", "Floating Rates Notes", "Fixed/Floating Rate Notes", "Zero 
Coupon Notes" or a combination of any of the foregoing depending on the Interest Basis and the 
redemption method specified in the relevant Final Terms in accordance with the applicable 
Conditions. 
(c) 
Title: 
(i) 
Title to Dematerialised Notes in bearer dematerialised form (au porteur) and in 
administered registered form (au nominatif administré) shall pass upon, and transfer of 
such Notes may only be effected through, registration of the transfer in the accounts of 
Account Holders. Title to Dematerialised Notes in fully registered form (au nominatif pur) 
shall pass upon, and transfer of such Notes may only be effected through, registration of 
the transfer in the accounts of the Issuer or the Registration Agent. 
(ii) 
Title to Materialised Notes in definitive form having, where appropriate, Coupons and/or 
a Talon attached thereto on issue ("Definitive Materialised Notes"), shall pass by 
delivery. 
(iii) 
Except as ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction or as required by law, the holder 
(as defined below) of any Note, Coupon or Talon shall be deemed to be and may be treated 
as its absolute owner for all purposes, whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any 
notice of ownership, or an interest in it, any writing on it or its theft or loss and no person 
shall be liable for so treating the holder. 
(iv) 
In these Conditions, "Noteholder" means (i) in the case of Dematerialised Notes, 
the person whose name appears in the account of the relevant Account Holder or the 
Issuer or the Registration Agent (as the case may be) as being entitled to such Notes and 
(ii) in the case of Materialised Notes, the bearer of any Definitive Materialised Note and 
the Coupons, or Talon relating to it, and capitalised terms have the meanings given to 
them in the relevant Final Terms, the absence of any such meaning indicating that such 
term is not applicable to the Notes.

--- Page 31 ---
- 25- 
 
 
2. 
Conversion and Exchanges of Notes 
(a) 
Dematerialised Notes 
(i) 
Dematerialised Notes issued in bearer dematerialised form (au porteur) may not be 
converted into Dematerialised Notes in registered dematerialised form, whether in fully 
registered form (au nominatif pur) or in administered registered form (au nominatif 
administré). 
(ii) 
Dematerialised Notes issued in registered dematerialised form (au nominatif) may not be 
converted into Dematerialised Notes in bearer dematerialised form (au porteur). 
(iii) 
Dematerialised Notes issued in fully registered form (au nominatif pur) may, at the option 
of the Noteholder, be converted into Notes in administered registered form (au nominatif 
administré), and vice versa. The exercise of any such option by such Noteholder shall be 
made in accordance with Article R.211-4 of the Code. Any such conversion shall be 
effected at the cost of such Noteholder. 
(b) 
Materialised Notes 
Materialised Notes of one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for Materialised Notes 
of another Specified Denomination. 
3. 
Status  
The Notes and, where applicable, the Coupons relating to them constitute (subject to Condition 4) unsecured 
and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer and rank and will rank pari passu without any preference 
among themselves and, subject to statutorily preferred exceptions, equally and rateably with all other 
unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer for borrowed money. 
4. 
Negative Pledge 
So long as any Note or, if applicable, Coupon relating to them remains outstanding, the Issuer will not, and 
will procure that none of its Principal Subsidiaries (as defined below) will, create or permit to subsist any 
Encumbrance (as defined below) upon the whole or any part of their respective undertakings, revenues 
(including uncalled capital) or assets, present or future, to secure payment of any present or future Relevant 
Indebtedness (as defined below) of any person or to secure any guarantee or indemnity given by the Issuer 
or any such Principal Subsidiary in respect of any Relevant Indebtedness of any person, without at the same 
time granting to the holders of such Note and Coupon the same security as is created or subsisting to secure 
any such Relevant Indebtedness, guarantee or indemnity or such other security as shall be approved by a 
General Meeting (as defined in Condition 11(a)) of the Noteholders provided that this Condition 4 shall not 
apply in respect of: 
(i) 
Encumbrances created after the date of issue of the Notes over any newly acquired asset of the 
Issuer or a Principal Subsidiary solely for the purpose of securing Relevant Indebtedness incurred 
in order to acquire such asset (or any part thereof) provided that the amount to be secured does not 
exceed the cost of such acquisition; and 
(ii) 
Encumbrances over assets or revenues of, or held by, FCT MCCP (or any compartment of FCT 
MCCP) or Encumbrances over assets or revenues of, or held by, any other securitisation vehicle 
established by the Issuer to secure any Relevant Indebtedness issued by any such securitisation 
vehicle which is incurred in connection with the purchase or sale of any such assets or revenues 
where the repayment of principal and any payment of interest in respect of such Relevant 
Indebtedness is financed solely by such assets or revenues and in respect of which the holder(s) of 
any such Relevant Indebtedness have no recourse directly or indirectly to the Issuer and/or any 
other member of the Issuer’s group. 
As used in these Conditions: 
"Encumbrance" means any mortgage, charge, lien or other encumbrance;

--- Page 32 ---
- 26- 
 
 
"Principal Subsidiary" means a Subsidiary, the consolidated net turnover of which is at least 15 per cent. 
of the consolidated net turnover of the Issuer and its consolidated subsidiaries (the "Consolidated Group") 
or which owns at least 15 per cent. of the total consolidated assets of the Consolidated Group, in each case 
calculated by reference to the latest audited consolidated accounts of the Issuer;  
"Relevant Indebtedness" means any indebtedness which is in the form of or represented by any bond, note, 
debenture, loan stock or other similar debt security which is, or is intended to be or is capable of being, 
listed, quoted or dealt in or traded on any stock exchange or over-the-counter or in any securities market;  
"Subsidiary" means at any particular time, a company or any other entity which is then directly or indirectly 
controlled, or more than 50 per cent. of whose issued equity share capital (or equivalent) is then beneficially 
owned, by the Issuer, or one or more of its Subsidiaries. For a company or entity to be "controlled" by 
another means that the other (whether directly or indirectly and whether by the ownership of share capital, 
the possession of voting power, contract or otherwise) has the power to appoint and/or remove all or the 
majority of the members of the Board of Directors or other governing body of that company or entity or 
otherwise controls or has the power to control the affairs and policies of that company or entity and 
"control" shall be construed accordingly; and 
"outstanding" means, in relation to the Notes of any Series, all the Notes issued other than (a) those that 
have been redeemed in accordance with the Conditions, (b) those in respect of which the date for redemption 
has occurred and the redemption moneys (including all interest accrued on such Notes to the date for such 
redemption and any interest payable after such date) have been duly paid (i) in the case of Dematerialised 
Notes in bearer form and in administered registered form, to the relevant Account Holders on behalf of the 
Noteholder as provided in Condition 7(a), (ii) in the case of Dematerialised Notes in fully registered form, 
to the account of the Noteholder as provided in Condition 7(a) and (iii) in the case of Materialised Notes, to 
the Fiscal Agent as provided in the Agency Agreement and remain available for payment against 
presentation and surrender of Materialised Notes and/or Coupons, as the case may be, (c) those which have 
become void or in respect of which claims have become prescribed, (d) those which have been purchased 
and cancelled as provided in the Conditions, (e) in the case of Materialised Notes (i) those mutilated or 
defaced Materialised Notes that have been surrendered in exchange for replacement Materialised Notes, (ii) 
(for the purpose only of determining how many such Materialised Notes are outstanding and without 
prejudice to their status for any other purpose) those Materialised Notes alleged to have been lost, stolen or 
destroyed and in respect of which replacement Materialised Notes have been issued and (iii) any Temporary 
Global Certificate to the extent that it shall have been exchanged for one or more Definitive Materialised 
Notes, pursuant to its provisions.  
5. 
Interest and other Calculations 
(a) 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes: Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal 
amount from and including the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as 
a percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest, such interest being payable in arrear on each Interest 
Payment Date. The amount of interest payable shall be determined in accordance with Condition 
5(g). 
(b) 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes: 
(i) 
Interest Payment Dates: Each Floating Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal 
amount from and including the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum 
(expressed as a percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest, such interest being payable in 
arrear on each Interest Payment Date. The amount of interest payable shall be determined 
in accordance with Condition 5(g). Such Interest Payment Date(s) is/are either shown in 
the relevant Final Terms as Specified Interest Payment Dates or, if no Specified Interest 
Payment Date(s) is/are shown in the relevant Final Terms, Interest Payment Date shall 
mean each date which falls the number of months or other period shown in the relevant 
Final Terms as the Interest Period after the preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the 
case of the first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement Date. 
(ii) 
Business Day Convention: If any date referred to in these Conditions that is specified to 
be subject to adjustment in accordance with a Business Day Convention would otherwise 
fall on a day that is not a Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is

--- Page 33 ---
- 27- 
 
 
(A) the Floating Rate Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next 
day that is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in 
which event (x) such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business 
Day and (y) each subsequent such date shall be the last Business Day of the month in 
which such date would have fallen had it not been subject to adjustment, (B) the 
Following Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day that is 
a Business Day, (C) the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such date shall 
be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the 
next calendar month, in which event such date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day or (D) the Preceding Business Day Convention, 
such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
(iii) 
Rate of Interest for Floating Rate Notes: The Rate of Interest in respect of Floating Rate 
Notes for each Interest Accrual Period shall be determined in the manner specified in the 
relevant Final Terms and the provisions below relating to either ISDA Determination, 
FBF Determination, Screen Rate Determination shall apply, depending upon which is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(A) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for 
each Interest Accrual Period shall be determined by the Calculation Agent as a 
rate equal to the relevant ISDA Rate. For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), 
"ISDA Rate" for an Interest Accrual Period means a rate equal to the Floating 
Rate that would be determined by the Calculation Agent under a Swap 
Transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating (i) if "2006 ISDA 
Definitions" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the 2006 ISDA Definitions 
or (ii) if "2021 ISDA Definitions" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the 
latest version of the 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions (the 2006 
ISDA Definitions or the 2021 ISDA Definitions, the "ISDA Definitions") and 
under which: 
(x) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(y) 
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the relevant Final 
Terms; and 
(z) 
the relevant Reset Date is the first day of that Interest Accrual Period 
unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), "Floating Rate", "Calculation 
Agent", "Floating Rate Option", "Designated Maturity", "Reset Date" and 
"Swap Transaction" have the meanings given to those terms in the ISDA 
Definitions. 
(B) 
FBF Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where FBF Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner 
in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each 
Interest Accrual Period shall be determined by the Calculation Agent as a rate 
equal to the relevant FBF Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the relevant Final 
Terms) the Margin (if any). For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (B), "FBF 
Rate" for an Interest Accrual Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that 
would be determined by the Calculation Agent under a Transaction under the 
terms of an agreement incorporating the FBF Definitions and under which: 
(1) 
the Floating Rate is as specified in the relevant Final Terms, and

--- Page 34 ---
- 28- 
 
 
(2) 
the relevant Floating Rate Determination Date (Date de Détermination 
du Taux Variable) is the first (1st) calendar day of that Interest Accrual 
Period unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final terms. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (B), "Floating Rate" (Taux Variable), 
"Calculation Agent" (Agent), "Floating Rate Determination Date" (Date de 
Détermination du Taux Variable) and "Transaction" (Transaction) have the 
meanings given to those terms in the FBF Definitions, provided that Euribor 
means the rate calculated for deposits in euro which appears on Reuters Page 
EURIBOR01, as more fully described in the relevant Final Terms. "FBF 
Definitions" means the definitions set out in the 2013 FBF Master Agreement 
relating to transactions on forward financial instruments and the technical 
schedules (additifs techniques) published from time to time by the FBF, as may 
be supplemented or amended as at the Issue Date, unless otherwise specified in 
the relevant Final Terms. 
(C) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
(1) 
Where "Screen Rate Determination" is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, 
the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will be either:  
(a) 
the offered quotation; or 
(b) 
the arithmetic mean of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate(s) 
which appears or appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen 
Page as at the Relevant Screen Page Time on the Interest Determination 
Date in question as determined by the Calculation Agent. If five or more 
of such offered quotations are available on the Relevant Screen Page, 
the highest (or, if there is more than one such highest quotation, one 
only of such quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is more than one 
such lowest quotation, one only of such quotations) shall be disregarded 
by the Calculation Agent for the purpose of determining the arithmetic 
mean of such offered quotations. 
(2) 
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available or, if sub-paragraph (1)(a) 
applies and no such offered quotation appears on the Relevant Screen 
Page, or, if sub-paragraph (1)(b) applies and fewer than three such 
offered quotations appear on the Relevant Screen Page, in each case as 
at the time specified above, subject as provided below, the Calculation 
Agent shall request each of the Reference Banks to provide the 
Calculation Agent with its offered quotation (expressed as a percentage 
rate per annum) for the Reference Rate at the Relevant Screen Page 
Time on the Interest Determination Date in question. If two or more of 
the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with such offered 
quotations, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Accrual Period shall be 
the arithmetic mean of such offered quotations as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. 
(3) 
If paragraph (2) above applies and, if the Relevant Rate is an inter-bank 
offered rate, the Calculation Agent determines that fewer than two 
Reference Banks are providing offered quotations, subject as provided 
below, the Rate of Interest shall be the arithmetic mean of the rates per 
annum (expressed as a percentage) as communicated to (and at the 
request of) the Calculation Agent by the Reference Banks or any two 
or more of them, at which such banks were offered at the Relevant 
Screen Page Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, deposits 
in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have

--- Page 35 ---
- 29- 
 
 
been used for the Reference Rate by leading banks in the Relevant Inter-
Bank Market, or, if fewer than two of the Reference Banks provide the 
Calculation Agent with such offered rates, the offered rate for deposits 
in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have 
been used for the Reference Rate, or the arithmetic mean of the offered 
rates for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that 
which would have been used for the Reference Rate, at the Relevant 
Screen Page Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, any one 
or more banks (which bank or banks is or are in the opinion of the 
Calculation Agent and the Issuer suitable for such purpose) informs the 
Calculation Agent it is quoting to leading banks in, the Relevant Inter-
Bank Market provided that, if the Rate of Interest cannot be determined 
in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this paragraph, the Rate 
of Interest shall be determined as at the last preceding Interest 
Determination Date (though substituting, where a different Margin or 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period from that which applied to the last preceding 
Interest Accrual Period, the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of 
Interest relating to the relevant Interest Accrual Period, in place of the 
Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last 
preceding Interest Accrual Period). 
(4) 
If paragraph (2) above applies and, the Reference Rate is specified in 
the relevant Final Terms as being the CMS Rate, and if the Calculation 
Agent determines that fewer than two Reference Banks are providing 
quotations for the Reference Rate, the Reference Rate will be 
determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole discretion, acting in 
good faith and in a commercial and reasonable manner. 
(5) 
Benchmark discontinuation 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, 
if a Benchmark Event occurs, then the provisions over other fallbacks 
specified in Condition 5(b)(iii)(C) shall apply and prevail. 
If a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to an Original Reference Rate 
at any time when the Terms and Conditions of any Notes provide for 
any rate of interest (or any component part thereof) to be determined by 
reference to such Original Reference Rate and Screen Rate 
Determination applies, then the following provisions shall apply and 
prevail over other fallbacks specified in Condition 5(b)(iii)(C).  
(i) 
Independent Adviser 
The Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent 
Adviser, as soon as reasonably practicable, to determine a Successor 
Rate, failing which an Alternative Rate (in accordance with Condition 
5(b)(iii)(C)(5)(ii)) and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread, if any (in 
accordance with Condition 5(b)(iii)(C)(5)(iii)) and any Benchmark 
Amendments, if any (in accordance with Condition 5(b)(iii)(C)(5)(iv). 
An Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 
5(b)(iii)(C)(5) shall act in good faith as an expert and (in the absence of 
manifest error or fraud) shall have no liability whatsoever to the Issuer, 
the Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents, the Calculation Agent or any other 
party responsible for determining the Rate of Interest specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, or the Noteholders for any determination made by 
it pursuant to this Condition 5(b)(iii)(C)(5).

--- Page 36 ---
- 30- 
 
 
(ii) 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
If the Independent Adviser determines in good faith that: 
(I) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate shall 
(subject 
to 
adjustment 
as 
provided 
in 
Condition 
5(b)(iii)(C)(5)(iii) subsequently be used in place of the Original 
Reference Rate to determine the relevant Rate(s) of Interest (or 
the relevant component part(s) thereof) for all relevant future 
payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the further 
operation of this Condition 5(b)(iii)(C)(5); or  
(II) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, 
then such Alternative Rate shall (subject to adjustment as 
provided in Condition 5(b)(iii)(C)(5)(iii)) subsequently be used 
in place of the Original Reference Rate to determine the 
relevant Rate(s) of Interest (or the relevant component part(s) 
thereof) for all relevant future payments of interest on the Notes 
(subject to the further operation of this Condition 
5(b)(iii)(C)(5)). 
(iii) 
Adjustment Spread 
If the Independent Adviser determines in good faith (i) that an 
Adjustment Spread is required to be applied to the Successor 
Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and (ii) the 
quantum of, or a formula or methodology for determining, such 
Adjustment Spread, then such Adjustment Spread shall be 
applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the 
case may be) for each subsequent determination of a relevant 
Rate of Interest (or a relevant component part thereof) by 
reference to such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as 
applicable). 
For the avoidance of doubt, the determination of any 
Adjustment Spread by the Independent Adviser (i) shall not 
affect the application, with respect to a particular Interest 
Period, of the Margin specified as applicable to such Interest 
Period in the Final Terms and (ii) shall only be made, in 
accordance with customary market usage in the international 
debt capital markets, to reduce or eliminate, to the fullest extent 
reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic 
prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) to Noteholders. 
(iv) 
Benchmark Amendments 
If any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread 
is determined in accordance with this Condition 5(b)(iii)(C)(5) 
and the Independent Adviser determines in good faith (A) that 
amendments to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
(including, without limitation, amendments to the definitions 
of Day Count Fraction, Business Days or Relevant Screen 
Page) are strictly necessary to ensure the proper operation of 
such Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment 
Spread (such amendments, the "Benchmark Amendments") 
and (B) the terms of the Benchmark Amendments, then the 
Issuer shall, subject to giving notice thereof in accordance with 
Condition 5(b)(iii)(C)(5)(v), without any requirement for the 
consent or approval of Noteholders, vary the Terms and

--- Page 37 ---
- 31- 
 
 
Conditions of the Notes to give effect to such Benchmark 
Amendments with effect from the date specified in such notice.  
 
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this 
Condition 5(b)(iii)(C)(5)(iv), the Issuer shall comply with the 
rules of any stock exchange on which the Notes are for the time 
being listed or admitted to trading. 
 
(v) 
Notices, etc. 
The Issuer shall, after receiving such information from the 
Independent Adviser, notify the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation 
Agent, the Paying Agents, the Representative (if any) and, in 
accordance with Condition 14, the Noteholders, promptly of 
any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and 
of the specific terms of any Benchmark Amendments, 
determined under this Condition 5(b)(iii)(C)(5). Such notice 
shall be irrevocable and binding and shall specify the effective 
date of the Benchmark Amendments, if any. 
The Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment 
Spread (if any) and the Benchmark Amendments (if any) 
specified in such notice will (in the absence of manifest error 
in the determination of the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
and the Adjustment Spread (if any) and the Benchmark 
Amendments (if any)) be binding on the Issuer, the Fiscal 
Agent, the Calculation Agent, the party responsible for 
determining the Rate of Interest, the Paying Agents and the 
Noteholders. 
(vi) 
Fallbacks 
If, following the occurrence of a Benchmark Event and in 
relation to the determination of the Rate of Interest on the 
immediately following Interest Determination Date, no 
Independent Adviser has been appointed or no Successor Rate 
or Alternative Rate (as applicable) is determined pursuant to 
this provision, the Original Reference Rate will continue to 
apply for the purposes of determining such Rate of Interest on 
such Interest Determination Date, with the effect that the 
fallback provisions provided elsewhere in these Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes will continue to apply to such 
determination, provided that such fallbacks may in certain 
circumstances, lead to apply the Rate of Interest determined as 
at the last preceding Interest Determination Date. 
In such circumstances, the Issuer will be entitled (but not 
obliged), at any time thereafter, to elect to re-apply the 
provisions of this Condition 5(b)(iii)(C)(5), mutatis mutandis, 
on one or more occasions until a Successor Rate or Alternative 
Rate (and, if applicable, any associated Adjustment Spread 
and/or Benchmark Amendments) has been determined and 
notified in accordance with this Condition 5(b)(iii)(C)(5) (and, 
until such determination and notification (if any), the fallback 
provisions provided elsewhere in these Terms and Conditions, 
including, for the avoidance of doubt, the fallbacks specified in 
Condition 5(b)(iii)(C), will continue to apply to such 
determination, provided that such fallbacks may in certain 
circumstances, lead to apply the Rate of Interest determined as 
at the last preceding Interest Determination Date.

--- Page 38 ---
- 32- 
 
 
 
(vii) 
Definitions 
In this Condition 5(b)(iii)(C)(5): 
"Adjustment Spread" means either a spread (which may be 
positive or negative), or the formula or methodology for 
calculating a spread, in either case, which the Independent 
Adviser determines and which is required to be applied to the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) to 
reduce or eliminate, to the fullest extent reasonably practicable 
in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as the 
case may be) to Noteholders as a result of the replacement of 
the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and is the spread, formula 
or methodology which: 
a) in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended, 
or formally provided as an option for parties to adopt, in 
relation to the replacement of the Original Reference Rate 
with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating 
Body;  
b) in the case of an Alternative Rate (or in the case of a 
Successor Rate where (a) above does not apply), is in 
customary market usage in the international debt capital 
market for transactions which reference the Original 
Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the 
Alternative Rate (or, as the case may be, the Successor 
Rate); or 
c) if no such recommendation or option has been made (or 
made available), or the Independent Adviser determines 
there is no such spread, formula or methodology in 
customary market usage, the Independent Adviser, acting 
in good faith, determines to be appropriate.  
"Alternative Rate" means, in the absence of Successor Rate, 
an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the Independent 
Adviser determines in accordance with this Condition 
5(b)(iii)(C)(5) and which is customary market usage in the 
international debt capital markets for the purposes of 
determining rates of interest (or the relevant component part 
thereof) for a commensurate interest period (if there is such a 
customary market usage at such time) and in the same 
Specified Currency as the Notes. 
"Benchmark Event" means, with respect to an Original 
Reference Rate: 
a) the Original Reference Rate ceasing to exist or be 
published;  
b) the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the 
administrator of the Original Reference Rate that it will, 
on or before a specified date, cease publishing the 
Original Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in 
circumstances where no successor administrator has been 
appointed that will continue publication of the Original 
Reference Rate) and (ii) the date falling six (6) months 
prior to the date specified in (b)(i);

--- Page 39 ---
- 33- 
 
 
c) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the 
administrator of the Original Reference Rate that the 
Original Reference Rate has been permanently or 
indefinitely discontinued;  
d) the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the 
supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference 
Rate that the Original Reference Rate will, on or before a 
specified 
date, 
be 
permanently 
or 
indefinitely 
discontinued and (ii) the date falling six (6) months prior 
to the date specified in (d)(i);  
e) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the 
administrator of the Original Reference Rate that means 
the Original Reference Rate will be prohibited from being 
used or that its use will be subject to restrictions or 
adverse consequences, in each case within the following 
six (6) months;  
f) 
it has or will prior to the next Interest Determination Date, 
become unlawful for the Issuer, the party responsible for 
determining the Rate of Interest (being the Calculation 
Agent or such other party specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, as applicable), or any Paying Agent to calculate 
any payments due to be made to any Noteholder using the 
Original Reference Rate (including, without limitation, 
under the EU Benchmarks Regulation, if applicable); or 
g) that a decision to withdraw the authorisation or 
registration pursuant to Article 35 of the Benchmark 
Regulation of any benchmark administrator previously 
authorised to publish such Original Reference Rate has 
been adopted.  
"EU Benchmarks Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 
2016/1011 of 8 June 2016, as amended or supplemented. 
"Independent Adviser" means an independent financial 
institution of international repute or an independent adviser of 
recognised standing with appropriate expertise, at all times 
acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, 
appointed by the Issuer at its own expense under Condition 
5(b)(iii)(C)(5)(i). 
"Original Reference Rate" means the benchmark or screen 
rate (as applicable) originally specified for the purpose of 
determining the relevant Rate of Interest (or any relevant 
component part(s) thereof) on the Notes. 
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, in respect of a 
benchmark or screen rate (as applicable): 
a) the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark 
or screen rate (as applicable) relates, or any central bank 
or other supervisory authority which is responsible for 
supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen 
rate (as applicable); or 
b) any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or 
co-chaired by or constituted at the request of (i) the central 
bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen 
rate (as applicable) relates, (ii) any central bank or other

--- Page 40 ---
- 34- 
 
 
supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising 
the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable), (iii) a group of the aforementioned central 
banks or other supervisory authorities or (iv) the Financial 
Stability Board or any part thereof. 
 "Successor Rate" means a successor to or replacement of the 
Original Reference Rate which is formally recommended by 
any Relevant Nominating Body. If, following a Benchmark 
Event, more than one successor or replacement rates are 
recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body, the 
Independent Adviser will determine, among those successor or 
replacement rates, the one which is the most appropriate, taking 
into consideration, without limitation, the particular features of 
the relevant Notes.  
 
(D) 
Linear Interpolation 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified in the relevant Final Terms as applicable 
in respect of an Interest Accrual Period, the Rate of Interest for such Interest 
Accrual Period shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent by straight line 
linear interpolation by reference to two rates of interest based on the relevant 
Reference Rate (where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as applicable; which term shall include, for the purposes of this 
paragraph, the relevant Alternative Rate or the relevant Successor Rate, to the 
extent and as applicable) or the relevant Floating Rate (where ISDA 
Determination or FBF Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
applicable), provided that the first rate of interest corresponds to a maturity 
immediately inferior to the duration of the relevant Interest Period and the 
second rate corresponds to a maturity immediately superior to the same relevant 
Interest Period, provided, however, that if no rate is available for a period of time 
immediately inferior or, as the case may be, immediately superior than the length 
of the relevant Interest Period, then the Calculation Agent shall determine such 
rate at such time and by reference to such sources as it determines appropriate. 
(c) 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes: Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate (i) that the Issuer 
may elect to convert on the date set out in the Final Terms from a Fixed Rate to a Floating Rate, 
or from a Floating Rate to a Fixed Rate or (ii) that will automatically change from a Fixed Rate to 
a Floating Rate or from a Floating Rate to a Fixed Rate on the date set out in the Final Terms. 
(d) 
Zero Coupon Notes: Where a Note the Interest Basis of which is specified to be Zero Coupon is 
repayable prior to the Maturity Date and is not paid when due, the amount due and payable prior 
to the Maturity Date shall be the Early Redemption Amount of such Note. As from the Maturity 
Date, the Rate of Interest for any overdue principal of such a Note shall be a rate per annum 
(expressed as a percentage) equal to the Amortisation Yield (as described in Condition 6(b)(i)). 
(e) 
Accrual of Interest: Interest shall cease to accrue on each Note on the due date for redemption 
unless, upon due presentation, payment is improperly withheld or refused, in which event interest 
shall continue to accrue (both before and after judgement) at the Rate of Interest in the manner 
provided in this Condition 5 to the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 8). 
(f) 
Margin, Maximum/Minimum Rates of Interest, Instalment Amounts and Redemption 
Amounts, and Rounding: 
(i) 
If any Margin is specified in the relevant Final Terms (either (x) generally, or (y) in 
relation to one or more Interest Accrual Periods), an adjustment shall be made to all Rates 
of Interest, in the case of (x), or the Rates of Interest for the specified Interest Accrual 
Periods, in the case of (y), calculated in accordance with (b) above by adding (if a positive 
number) or subtracting the absolute value (if a negative number) of such Margin, subject 
always to the next paragraph.

--- Page 41 ---
- 35- 
 
 
(ii) 
If any Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest, Instalment Amount or Redemption 
Amount is specified in the relevant Final Terms, then any Rate of Interest, Instalment 
Amount or Redemption Amount shall be subject to such maximum or minimum, as the 
case may be. The Minimum Rate of Interest shall not be less than zero. 
(iii) 
For the purposes of any calculations required pursuant to these Conditions (unless 
otherwise specified), (x) all percentages resulting from such calculations shall be rounded, 
if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (with halves 
being rounded up), (y) all figures shall be rounded to seven significant figures (with 
halves being rounded up) and (z) all currency amounts that fall due and payable shall be 
rounded to the nearest unit of such currency (with halves being rounded up), save in the 
case of yen, which shall be rounded down to the nearest yen. For these purposes "unit" 
means the lowest amount of such currency that is available as legal tender in the 
country/ies of such currency. 
(g) 
Calculations: The amount of interest payable per Specified Denomination in respect of any Note 
for any Interest Accrual Period shall be equal to the product of the Rate of Interest, the Specified 
Denomination specified in the relevant Final Terms, and the Day Count Fraction for such Interest 
Accrual Period, unless an Interest Amount (or a formula for its calculation) is applicable to such 
Interest Accrual Period, in which case the amount of interest payable per Specified Denomination 
in respect of such Note for such Interest Accrual Period shall equal such Interest Amount (or be 
calculated in accordance with such formula). Where any Interest Period comprises two or more 
Interest Accrual Periods, the amount of interest payable per Specified Denomination in respect of 
such Interest Period shall be the sum of the Interest Amounts payable in respect of each of those 
Interest Accrual Periods. In respect of any other period for which interest is required to be 
calculated, the provisions above shall apply save that the Day Count Fraction shall be for the period 
for which interest is required to be calculated. 
(h) 
Determination and Publication of Rates of Interest, Interest Amounts, Early Redemption 
Amounts, Optional Redemption Amounts, Make-Whole Redemption Amounts and 
Instalment Amounts: The Calculation Agent shall, as soon as practicable on such date as the 
Calculation Agent may be required to calculate any rate or amount, obtain any quotation or make 
any determination or calculation, determine such rate and calculate the Interest Amounts for the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period, calculate the Early Redemption Amount, Optional Redemption 
Amount, Make-Whole Redemption Amount or Instalment Amount, obtain such quotation or make 
such determination or calculation, as the case may be, and cause the Rate of Interest and the Interest 
Amounts for each Interest Accrual Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date and, if required 
to be calculated, the Early Redemption Amount, Optional Redemption Amount, Make-Whole 
Redemption Amount or any Instalment Amount to be notified to the Fiscal Agent, the Issuer, each 
of the Paying Agents, the Noteholders, any other Calculation Agent appointed in respect of the 
Notes that is to make a further calculation upon receipt of such information and, if the Notes are 
admitted to trading on a stock exchange and the rules applied to such exchange so require, such 
exchange as soon as possible after their determination but in no event later than (i) the 
commencement of the relevant Interest Period, if determined prior to such time, in the case of 
notification to such exchange of a Rate of Interest and Interest Amount, or (ii) in all other cases, 
the second Business Day after such determination. Where any Interest Payment Date or Interest 
Period Date is subject to adjustment pursuant to Condition 5(b)(ii), the Interest Amounts and the 
Interest Payment Date so published may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative 
arrangements made by way of adjustment) without notice in the event of an extension or shortening 
of the Interest Period. If the Notes become due and payable under Condition 10, the accrued interest 
and the Rate of Interest payable in respect of the Notes shall nevertheless continue to be calculated 
as previously in accordance with this Condition but no publication of the Rate of Interest or the 
Interest Amount so calculated need be made. The determination of any rate or amount, the 
obtaining of each quotation and the making of each determination or calculation by the Calculation 
Agent(s) shall (in the absence of manifest error) be final and binding upon all parties. 
(i) 
Definitions: In these Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined terms 
shall have the meanings set out below: 
"2006 ISDA Definitions" means the 2006 ISDA Definitions published by the International Swaps 
and Derivatives Association, Inc., as amended, supplemented and updated as at the Issue Date of

--- Page 42 ---
- 36- 
 
 
the first Tranche of the Notes of the relevant Series. Investors should consult the Issuer should they 
require a copy of the 2006 ISDA Definitions. 
"2021 ISDA Definitions" means the 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions published 
by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc., as amended, supplemented and 
updated as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes of the relevant Series. Investors should 
consult the Issuer should they require a copy of the 2021 ISDA Definitions. 
"Business Day" means: 
(i) 
in the case of a currency other than euro, a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in the principal financial 
centre for such currency; and/or 
(ii) 
in the case of euro, a day on which the TARGET System is operating (a "TARGET 
Business Day"); and/or 
(iii) 
in the case of a currency and/or one or more Business Centres (as specified in the Final 
Terms), a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which commercial banks and foreign 
exchange markets settle payments in such currency in the Business Centre(s) or, if no 
currency is indicated, generally in each of the Business Centres. 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any Note 
for any period of time (from and including the first day of such period to but excluding the last) 
(whether or not constituting an Interest Period or an Interest Accrual Period, the "Calculation 
Period"): 
(i) 
if "Actual/Actual", "Actual/Actual - ISDA" or "Actual-365 (FBF)" is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 
(or, if any portion of that Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual 
number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a leap year divided by 
366 and (B) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in 
a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(ii) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual number of 
days in the Calculation Period divided by 365; 
(iii) 
if "Actual/Actual (FBF)" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the fraction whose 
numerator is the actual number of calendar days elapsed during such period and whose 
denominator is 365 (or 366 if 29 February falls within the Interest Period). If the Interest 
Period is of a duration of more than one (1) year, the basis shall be calculated as follows: 
(A) 
the number of complete years shall be counted back from the last calendar day 
of the Interest Period; and 
(B) 
this number shall be increased by the fraction for the relevant period calculated 
as set out in the first paragraph of this definition; 
(iv) 
if "Actual/360" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360; 
(v) 
if "Actual/365 (Sterling)" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual number of 
days in the Calculation Period is divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest Payment 
Date falling in a leap year, 366; 
(vi) 
if "30/360", "360/360" or "Bond Basis" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the 
number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis 
as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
 
[360 x (Y2 -Y1)] + [30 x (M2 -M1)]+ (D2 -D1)

--- Page 43 ---
- 37- 
 
 
 
360 
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 
29, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(vii) 
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the number 
of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
 
[360 x (Y2 -Y1)] + [30 x (M2 -M1)]+ (D2 -D1) 
 
360 
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 
will be 30; 
(viii) 
if "30E/360 (FBF)" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, in respect of each Interest 
Period, the fraction whose denominator is 360 and whose numerator is the number of 
calendar days elapsed during such period, calculated on the basis of a year comprising 12 
months of 30 days, subject to the following exception: 
if the last calendar day of the Interest Period is the last calendar day of the month of 
February, the number of calendar days elapsed during such month shall be the actual 
number of days, 
where: 
D1 (dd1, mm1, yy1) is the date of the beginning of the period

--- Page 44 ---
- 38- 
 
 
D2 (dd2, mm2, yy2) is the date of the end of the period 
the fraction is: 
1 
 
360 
x [(yy2 – yy1) x 360 + (mm2 – mm1) x 30 + Min (dd2 , 30) – Min (dd1, 30)]  
(ix) 
if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
 
[360 x (Y2 -Y1)] + [30 x (M2 -M1)]+ (D2 -D1) 
 
360 
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless (i) 
that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will 
be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not 
the Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(x) 
if "Actual/Actual-ICMA" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
(A) 
if the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period 
during which it falls, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 
the product of (x) the number of days in such Determination Period and (y) the 
number of Determination Periods normally ending in any year; and 
(B) 
if the Calculation Period is longer than one Determination Period, the sum of: 
(x) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the 
Determination Period in which it begins divided by the product of (1) 
the number of days in such Determination Period and (2) the number of 
Determination Periods normally ending in any year; and 
(y) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next 
Determination Period divided by the product of (1) the number of days 
in such Determination Period and (2) the number of Determination 
Periods normally ending in any year. 
"Determination Period" means the period from and including a Determination Date in any year 
to but excluding the next Determination Date. 
"Determination Date" means the date specified in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is so 
specified, the Interest Payment Date.

--- Page 45 ---
- 39- 
 
 
"Euro-zone" means the region comprised of member states of the European Union that adopt or 
have adopted the single currency in accordance with the Treaty on European Union, as amended. 
"Interest Accrual Period" means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date and ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Period Date and each 
successive period beginning on (and including) an Interest Period Date and ending on (but 
excluding) the next succeeding Interest Period Date. 
"Interest Amount" means: 
(i) 
in respect of an Interest Accrual Period, the amount of interest payable per Specified 
Denomination for that Interest Accrual Period and which, in the case of Fixed Rate Notes, 
shall mean the Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being payable on the Interest Payment Date ending the Interest Period of which 
such Interest Accrual Period forms part; and 
(ii) 
in respect of any other period, the amount of interest payable per Specified Denomination 
for that period. 
"Interest Commencement Date" means the Issue Date or such other date as may be specified in 
the relevant Final Terms. 
"Interest Determination Date" means, with respect to a Rate of Interest and Interest Accrual 
Period, the date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is so specified, (i) the first 
day of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is Sterling or (ii) the day falling two 
Business Days in London for the Specified Currency prior to the first day of such Interest Accrual 
Period if the Specified Currency is neither Sterling nor euro or (iii) the day falling two TARGET 
Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is 
euro. 
"Interest Period" means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement Date 
and ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Payment Date and each successive period beginning 
on (and including) an Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next succeeding 
Interest Payment Date or the relevant payment date if the Notes become payable on a date other 
than an Interest Payment Date. 
"Interest Period Date" means each Interest Payment Date unless otherwise specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
"Optional Redemption Date(s)" means the date or dates specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms, as the case may be. 
"Rate of Interest" means the rate of interest payable from time to time in respect of this Note and 
that is either specified or calculated in accordance with the provisions in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Reference Banks" means, in the case of a determination of EURIBOR, the principal Euro-zone 
office of four major banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market, in each case selected by the 
Calculation Agent. 
"Reference Rate" means the rate specified as such in the relevant Final Terms, subject as provided 
in Condition 5(b)(iii)(C)(5).  
"Relevant Inter-Bank Market" means the inter-bank market specified as such in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
"Relevant Screen Page" means such page, section, caption, column or other part of a particular 
information service as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Relevant Screen Page Time" means the screen page time specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms.

--- Page 46 ---
- 40- 
 
 
"Specified Currency" means the currency specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
"TARGET System" means the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express 
Transfer (known as TARGET2) System or any successor thereto. 
(j) 
Calculation Agent: The Issuer shall procure that there shall at all times be one or more Calculation 
Agents if provision is made for them in the relevant Final Terms and for so long as any Note is 
outstanding. Where more than one Calculation Agent is appointed in respect of the Notes, 
references in these Conditions to the Calculation Agent shall be construed as each Calculation 
Agent performing its respective duties under the Conditions. Without prejudice and subject to the 
provisions of Condition 5(b)(iii)(C)(5), if the Calculation Agent is unable or unwilling to act as 
such or if the Calculation Agent fails duly to establish the Rate of Interest for an Interest Accrual 
Period or to calculate any Interest Amount, Instalment Amount, Early Redemption Amount, 
Optional Redemption Amount or Make-Whole Redemption Amount, as the case may be, or to 
comply with any other requirement, the Issuer shall appoint a leading bank or financial institution 
engaged in the interbank market (or, if appropriate, money, swap or over-the-counter index options 
market) that is most closely connected with the calculation or determination to be made by the 
Calculation Agent to act as such in its place. The Calculation Agent may not resign its duties 
without a successor having been appointed as aforesaid and notice of any such change of 
Calculation Agent shall promptly be given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 
below. 
6. 
Redemption, Purchase and Options 
(a) 
Redemption by Instalments and Final Redemption: 
(i) 
Unless previously redeemed, purchased and cancelled as provided in this Condition 6 
each Note that provides for Instalment Dates and Instalment Amounts shall be partially 
redeemed on each Instalment Date at the related Instalment Amount specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. The outstanding nominal amount of each such Note shall be reduced 
by the Instalment Amount (or, if such Instalment Amount is calculated by reference to a 
proportion of the nominal amount of such Note, such proportion) for all purposes with 
effect from the related Instalment Date, unless payment of the Instalment Amount is 
improperly withheld or refused, in which case, such amount shall remain outstanding until 
the Relevant Date relating to such Instalment Amount. 
(ii) 
Unless previously redeemed, purchased and cancelled as provided below, each Note shall 
be finally redeemed on the Maturity Date specified in the relevant Final Terms at its 
nominal amount (the "Final Redemption Amount") or, in the case of a Note falling 
within paragraph (i) above, its final Instalment Amount which shall be equal to the 
nominal value of such Note remaining outstanding at such time. 
(b) 
Early Redemption: 
(i) 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
(A) 
The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note, 
upon redemption of such Note pursuant to Condition 6(c), 6(d), 6(e), 6(g) or 6(h) 
or upon it becoming due and payable as provided in Condition 10, shall be the 
"Amortised Face Amount" (calculated as provided below) of such Note, unless 
otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(B) 
Subject to the provisions of sub-paragraph (C) below, the Amortised Face 
Amount of any such Note shall be the scheduled Final Redemption Amount of 
such Note on the Maturity Date discounted at a rate per annum (expressed as a 
percentage) equal to the Amortisation Yield (which, if none is shown in the 
relevant Final Terms, shall be such rate as would produce an Amortised Face 
Amount equal to the issue price of the Notes if they were discounted back to 
their issue price on the Issue Date) compounded annually.

--- Page 47 ---
- 41- 
 
 
(C) 
If the Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any such Note upon its 
redemption pursuant to Condition 6(c), 6(d), 6(e), 6(g) or 6(h) or upon it 
becoming due and payable as provided in Condition 10 is not paid when due, the 
Early Redemption Amount due and payable in respect of such Note shall be the 
Amortised Face Amount of such Note as defined in sub-paragraph (B) above, 
except that such sub-paragraph shall have effect as though the date on which the 
Note becomes due and payable were the Relevant Date. The calculation of the 
Amortised Face Amount in accordance with this sub-paragraph shall continue to 
be made (both before and after judgment) until the Relevant Date, unless the 
Relevant Date falls on or after the Maturity Date, in which case the amount due 
and payable shall be the scheduled Final Redemption Amount of such Note on 
the Maturity Date together with any interest that may accrue in accordance with 
Condition 5(e). 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period of less than one year, it shall be made 
on the basis of the Day Count Fraction shown in the relevant Final Terms. 
(ii) 
Other Notes: 
The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Note (other than Notes described 
in (i) above), upon redemption of such Note pursuant to Condition 6(c), 6(d), 6(e), 6(g) or 
6(h) or upon it becoming due and payable as provided in Condition 10, shall be the Final 
Redemption Amount, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(c) 
Redemption for Taxation Reasons: 
(i) 
If, by reason of any change in French law, or any change in the official application or 
interpretation of such law, becoming effective after the Issue Date, the Issuer would on 
the occasion of the next payment of principal, interest or other amounts due in respect of 
the Notes, not be able to make such payment without having to pay additional amounts 
as specified under Condition 8 below the Issuer may, at its option, on any Interest Payment 
Date (if this Note is a Floating Rate Note) or, at any time, (if this Note is not a Floating 
Rate Note), subject to having given not more than 45 nor less than 30 days' prior notice 
to the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), in accordance with Condition 14 
redeem all, but not some only, of the Notes at their Early Redemption Amount (as 
described in Condition 6(b) above) together with any interest accrued to the date set for 
redemption provided that the due date for redemption of which notice hereunder may be 
given shall be no earlier than the latest practicable date on which the Issuer could make 
payment of principal and interest without withholding for French taxes. 
(ii) 
If the Issuer would on the next payment of principal, interest or other amounts in respect 
of the Notes be prevented by French law from making payment to the Noteholders or 
Couponholders of the full amount then due and payable, notwithstanding the undertaking 
to pay additional amounts contained in Condition 8 below, then the Issuer may forthwith 
give notice of such fact to the Fiscal Agent and the Issuer shall upon giving not less than 
seven days' prior notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14, redeem all, 
but not some only, of the Notes then outstanding at their Early Redemption Amount 
together with any interest accrued to the date set for redemption on the latest practicable 
date on which the Issuer could make payment of the full amount then due and payable in 
respect of the Notes without withholding or deduction for French taxes. 
(d) 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer: If "Call Option" is specified as being applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may, on giving not less than fifteen (15) nor more than thirty (30) 
days' irrevocable notice to the Noteholders (or such other notice period as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms) redeem, all or, if so provided, some, of the Notes on any Optional 
Redemption Date (as specified in the relevant Final Terms). Any such redemption of Notes shall 
be at their Optional Redemption Amount (which may be the Early Redemption Amount (as 
described in Condition 6(b) above and as specified in the relevant Final Terms) together with 
interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption. Any such redemption or exercise must relate to 
Notes of a nominal amount at least equal to the Minimum Redemption Amount to be redeemed 
specified in the relevant Final Terms and no greater than the Maximum Redemption Amount to be 
redeemed specified in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 48 ---
- 42- 
 
 
(e) 
Redemption of Residual Outstanding Notes at the Option of the Issuer: If "Redemption of 
Residual Outstanding Notes at the Option of the Issuer" is specified as being applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may, at any time, on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' 
irrevocable notice to the Noteholders (or such other period as may be specified in the Final Terms), 
redeem all but not some only of the Notes for the time being outstanding, if, immediately prior to 
the date that such notice is given, Notes representing an aggregate amount equal to or exceeding 
75 per cent. of the aggregate nominal amount of such Series (including, for the avoidance of doubt 
any Notes which have been consolidated and form a single Series therewith)) shall have been 
redeemed or purchased (and subsequently cancelled) by the Issuer other than by way of a 
redemption at the option of the Issuer in accordance with Condition 6(f). Any such redemption 
shall be at par together with interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption. All Notes in respect 
of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed, on the date specified in such notice in 
accordance with this Condition. 
(f) 
Make-Whole Redemption by the Issuer: If "Make-Whole Redemption by the Issuer" is specified 
as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer will, subject to compliance by the Issuer 
with all relevant laws, regulations and directives and on giving not less than 15 nor more than 
30 days' irrevocable notice in accordance with Condition 14 to the Noteholders, have the option to 
redeem the Notes, in whole or in part, at any time or from time to time, prior to the Relevant 
Redemption Date (the "Make-Whole Redemption Date") at their relevant Make-Whole 
Redemption Amount.  
As used in these Conditions, the "Make-Whole Redemption Amount" will be the greater of (x) 
100 per cent. of the Principal Amount of such Notes so redeemed and, (y) the sum of the then 
present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest on such Notes 
(determined on the basis of the interest rate applicable to the Notes (not including any interest 
accrued on the Notes from and including the Issue Date, or as the case may be, the scheduled 
Interest Payment Date immediately preceding such Make Whole Redemption Date, to but 
excluding, such Make-Whole Redemption Date)) discounted from the Relevant Redemption Date 
to the relevant Make-Whole Redemption Date on an annual basis at the Redemption Rate plus a 
Redemption Margin, plus in each case (x) or (y) above, any interest accrued on the Notes to, but 
excluding, the Make-Whole Redemption Date. 
The Make-Whole Redemption Amount will be calculated by the Calculation Agent on the second 
business day in London preceding the Make-Whole Redemption Date. 
"Principal Amount" means the Specified Denomination, subject to any adjustment as described 
in Condition 6(i) (Provision relating to partial redemption) following any partial redemption 
pursuant to Condition 6(d) (Redemption at the Option of the Issuer) and Condition 6(f) (Make-
Whole Redemption by the Issuer). 
The "Redemption Rate" is the average of the four (4) quotations given by the Reference Dealers 
of the mid-market annual yield to maturity of the Reference Security (as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms) on the fourth business day preceding the Make-Whole Redemption Date at 11.00 a.m. 
(Central European time (CET)). 
"Reference Dealers" means each of the four (4) banks selected by the Calculation Agent which 
are primary European government security dealers, and their respective successors, or market 
makers in pricing corporate bond issues or as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
If the Reference Security is no longer outstanding, a Similar Security will be chosen by the 
Calculation Agent at 11.00 a.m. (Central European time (CET)) on the third business day in London 
preceding the Make-Whole Redemption Date, notified in writing by the Calculation Agent to the 
Issuer and notified in accordance with Condition 14. 
"Relevant Redemption Date" means either (i) the Maturity Date or (ii) the Optional Redemption 
Date if "Call Option" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
"Similar Security" means a reference bond or references bonds having an actual or interpolated 
maturity comparable with the remaining term of the Notes that would be used, at the time of 
selection and in accordance with customary financial practice, in pricing new issues of corporate 
debt securities of comparable maturity to the remaining term of the Notes.

--- Page 49 ---
- 43- 
 
 
The Redemption Rate will be notified by the Issuer in accordance with Condition 14. 
The determination of any rate or amount, the obtaining of each quotation and the making of each 
determination or calculation by the Calculation Agent shall (in the absence of manifest error) be 
final and binding upon all parties. 
(g) 
Redemption at the Option of Noteholders: If "Put Option" is specified as being applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms, the Issuer shall, at the option of any Noteholder, upon such Noteholder giving 
not less than 15 nor more than 30 days' notice to the Issuer (or such other notice period as may be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms) redeem such Note on the Optional Redemption Date(s) at its 
Optional Redemption Amount (which may be the Early Redemption Amount (as described in 
Condition 6(b) above)) together with interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption. 
To exercise such option, the Noteholder must deposit with any Paying Agent at its specified office 
during usual business hours a duly completed option exercise notice (the "Exercise Notice") in the 
form obtained during usual business hours from any Paying Agent or the Registration Agent, as the 
case may be, within the notice period. Such notice shall, in the case of Materialised Notes, have 
attached to it such Note (together with all unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons). In the 
case of Dematerialised Notes, the Noteholder shall transfer, or cause to be transferred, the 
Dematerialised Notes to be redeemed to the account of the Principal Paying Agent specified in the 
Exercise Notice. No option so exercised and, where applicable, no Note so deposited or transferred 
may be withdrawn (except as provided in the Agency Agreement) without the prior consent of the 
Issuer. 
(h) 
Redemption at the Option of the Noteholders upon a Change of Control: The holder of each 
Note will have, if a Change of Control Put Event occurs, the option (a "Change of Control Put 
Option") (unless, prior to the giving of the relevant Change of Control Put Event Notice (as defined 
below), the Issuer gives not more than 60 nor less than 30 days' prior notice to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 14 of its intention to redeem the Notes (which notice shall be 
irrevocable)) to require the Issuer to redeem that Note on the Change of Control Put Date (as 
defined below) at its principal amount together with interest accrued to (but excluding) the Change 
of Control Put Date. 
A "Change of Control Put Event" will be deemed to occur if:  
(i) 
at any time at least 50 per cent. of the share capital and voting rights of the Issuer is not 
held by either one or more Carrefour Group Entity or one or more BNPP Group Entity 
(such event being, a "Change of Control"); and 
(ii) 
on the date (the "Relevant Announcement Date") that is the earlier of (1) the date of the 
first public announcement that the Change of Control has occurred and (2) the date of the 
earliest Relevant Potential Change of Control Announcement (if any), the Notes carry: 
(A) 
an investment grade credit rating (Baa3/BBB-, or their respective equivalents, or 
better) (an "Investment Grade Rating"), from any Rating Agency whether 
provided by such Rating Agency at the invitation of the Issuer and such rating 
is, within the Change of Control Period, either downgraded to a non-investment 
grade credit rating (Ba1/BB+, or their respective equivalents, or worse) (a "Non-
Investment Grade Rating") or withdrawn and is not, within the Change of 
Control Period, subsequently (in the case of a downgrade) upgraded or reinstated 
to an investment grade credit rating by such Rating Agency; or 
(B) 
a Non-Investment Grade Rating from any Rating Agency whether provided by 
such Rating Agency at the invitation of the Issuer and such rating is, within the 
Change of Control Period, either downgraded by one or more rating categories 
(for illustration, from Ba1 to Ba2 being one rating category, or their respective 
equivalents, or worse) or withdrawn and is not, within the Change of Control 
Period, subsequently (in the case of a downgrade) upgraded or reinstated to its 
earlier credit rating or better by such Rating Agency; or 
(C) 
no credit rating and a Negative Rating Event also occurs within the Change of 
Control Period,

--- Page 50 ---
- 44- 
 
 
provided that if at the time of the occurrence of the Change of Control the Notes carry a 
credit rating from more than one Rating Agency, at least one of which is an Investment 
Grade Rating, then sub-paragraph (A) will apply; and 
(iii) 
in making any decision to downgrade or withdraw a credit rating pursuant to paragraphs 
(A) and (B) above or not to award a credit rating which is at least an Investment Grade 
Rating as described in paragraph (ii) of the definition of Negative Rating Event, the 
relevant Rating Agency announces publicly or confirms in writing to the Issuer that such 
decision(s) resulted, in whole or in part, from the occurrence of the Change of Control or 
the Relevant Potential Change of Control Announcement. 
Promptly upon the Issuer becoming aware (i) of any event or circumstance giving rise to a potential 
Change of Control and/or (ii) that a Change of Control Put Event has occurred, the Issuer shall give 
notice (a "Change of Control Put Event Notice") thereof to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 14 specifying the relevant event or circumstance and/or, as the case may be, the nature 
of the Change of Control Put Event and the procedure for exercising the Change of Control Put 
Option. 
To exercise the Change of Control Put Option, the holder of a Note must (i) in the case of 
Dematerialised Notes transfer or cause to be transferred by its Account Holder its Notes to be so 
redeemed to the account of the Paying Agent specified in the Change of Control Put Notice for the 
account of the Issuer or (ii) in the case of Materialised Notes, deposit its Notes with any Paying 
Agent specified in the Change of Control Put Notice for the account of the Issuer, in each case 
within the period (the "Change of Control Put Period") of 60 days after a Change of Control Put 
Event Notice is given, accompanied by a duly signed and completed notice of exercise in the form 
(for the time being current) obtainable from the specified office of any Paying Agent (a "Change 
of Control Put Notice") and in which the holder may specify a bank account to which payment is 
to be made under this Condition 6(h). A Change of Control Put Notice, once given, shall be 
irrevocable. 
The Issuer shall redeem the Notes in respect of which the Change of Control Put Option has been 
exercised as provided above, and subject to the transfer or deposit of such Notes as described above 
on the date which is the seventh day following the end of the Change of Control Put Period (the 
"Change of Control Put Date"). Payment in respect of any Note so transferred or deposited will 
be made to each relevant holder in Euro in accordance with Condition 7 on the Change of Control 
Put Date.  
If the rating designations employed by any of Moody’s, Fitch or S&P are changed from those which 
are described in paragraph (ii) of the definition of "Change of Control Put Event" above, or if a 
rating is procured from a Substitute Rating Agency, the Issuer shall determine, the rating 
designations of Moody’s, Fitch or S&P or such Substitute Rating Agency (as appropriate) as are 
most equivalent to the prior rating designations of Moody’s, Fitch or S&P and this Condition 6(h) 
shall be construed accordingly. 
In this Condition 6(h): 
"BNPP Group Entity" means BNP Personal Finance S.A. and/or BNP Paribas and/or any 
company or other legal entity directly or indirectly owned or controlled by BNP Personal Finance 
S.A. or BNP Paribas; 
"Carrefour Group Entity" means Carrefour and/or any company or other legal entity directly or 
indirectly owned or controlled by Carrefour;  
"Change of Control Period" means the period commencing on the Relevant Announcement Date 
and ending 90 days after the Change of Control; 
"control" or "controlled" has the meaning given to it in the definition of Subsidiary in Condition 4; 
a "Negative Rating Event" shall be deemed to have occurred if at such time as there is no rating 
assigned to the Notes by a Rating Agency (i) the Issuer does not, either prior to, or not later than 
21 days after, the occurrence of the Change of Control seek, and thereafter throughout the Change 
of Control Period use all reasonable endeavours to obtain, a rating of the Notes, or any other 
unsecured and unsubordinated debt of the Issuer or (ii) if the Issuer does so seek and use such 
endeavours, it is unable to obtain such a rating which is at least an Investment Grade Rating by the 
end of the Change of Control Period;

--- Page 51 ---
- 45- 
 
 
"Rating Agency" means Moody’s Investors Service, Inc. ("Moody’s"), Fitch Ratings Ltd. 
("Fitch") or S&P Global Ratings France SAS ("S&P") or any of their respective successors or any 
rating agency (a "Substitute Rating Agency") substituted for any of them by the Issuer from time 
to time; and 
"Relevant Potential Change of Control Announcement" means any public announcement or 
statement by the Issuer, any actual or potential bidder or any adviser acting on behalf of any actual 
or potential bidder relating to any potential Change of Control where within 180 days following 
the date of such announcement or statement, a Change of Control occurs. 
(i) 
Provision relating to partial redemption: In the case of a partial redemption in respect of 
Materialised Notes, the notice to holders of such Materialised Notes shall also contain the number 
of the Definitive Materialised Notes to be redeemed or in respect of which such option has been 
exercised, which shall have been drawn in such place and in such manner as may be fair and 
reasonable in the circumstances, taking account of prevailing market practices, subject to 
compliance with any applicable laws and requirements of the Regulated Market on which the Notes 
are listed and/or admitted to trading, as the case may be. In the case of a partial redemption in 
respect of Dematerialised Notes, the redemption will be effected by reducing the nominal amount 
of all such Dematerialised Notes in proportion to the aggregate nominal amount redeemed. 
(j) 
Purchases: The Issuer and any of its Subsidiaries may at any time purchase Notes (provided that 
all unmatured Receipts and Coupons and unexchanged Talons relating thereto are attached thereto 
or surrendered therewith) in the open market (including by tender offer) or otherwise at any price. 
All Notes so purchased by the Issuer may be held and resold in accordance with applicable laws 
and regulations.  
(k) 
Cancellation: All Notes purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer may, at its sole option, be held or 
cancelled in accordance with applicable laws and regulations. Notes will be cancelled, in the case 
of Dematerialised Notes, by transfer to an account in accordance with the rules and procedures of 
Euroclear France and, in the case of Materialised Notes, by surrendering the Temporary Global 
Certificate and the Definitive Materialised Notes in question together with all unmatured Coupons 
and all unexchanged Talons to the Fiscal Agent and, in each case, if so transferred or surrendered, 
shall, together with all Notes redeemed by the Issuer, be cancelled forthwith (together with, in the 
case of Dematerialised Notes, all rights relating to payment of interest and other amounts relating 
to such Dematerialised Notes and, in the case of Materialised Notes, all unmatured Coupons and 
unexchanged Talons attached thereto or surrendered therewith). Any Notes so cancelled or, where 
applicable, transferred or surrendered for cancellation may not be re-issued or resold and the 
obligations of the Issuer in respect of any such Notes shall be discharged. To the extent that the 
Notes are listed and admitted to trading on Euronext Paris, the Issuer will inform Euronext about 
such cancellation. 
7. 
Payments and Talons 
(a) 
Dematerialised Notes: Payments of principal and interest in respect of Dematerialised Notes shall, 
in the case of Dematerialised Notes in bearer dematerialised form or administered registered form, 
be made by transfer to the account denominated in the relevant currency of the relevant Account 
Holders for the benefit of the Noteholders and, in the case of Dematerialised Notes in fully 
registered form, to an account denominated in the relevant currency with a Bank designated by the 
Noteholders. All payments validly made to such Account Holders will be an effective discharge of 
the Issuer in respect of such payments. 
(b) 
Materialised Notes: Payments of principal and interest in respect of Materialised Bearer Notes 
shall, subject as mentioned below, be made against presentation and surrender of the relevant 
Receipts (in the case of payments of Instalment Amounts other than on the due date for redemption 
and provided that the Receipt is presented for payment together with its relative Note), Notes (in 
the case of all other payments of principal and, in the case of interest, as specified in Condition 
7(f)(vi)) or Coupons (in the case of interest, save as specified in Condition 7(f)(vi)), as the case 
may be, at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United States by a cheque payable 
in the relevant currency drawn on, or, at the option of the holder, by transfer to an account 
denominated in such currency with, a bank in the principal financial centre for such currency or, 
in the case of euro, in a city in which banks have access to the TARGET System.

--- Page 52 ---
- 46- 
 
 
(c) 
Payments in the United States: Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any Materialised Notes are 
denominated in U.S. Dollars, payments in respect thereof may be made at the specified office of 
any Paying Agent in New York City in the same manner as aforesaid if (i) the Issuer shall have 
appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United States with the reasonable 
expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make payment of the amounts on the Notes 
in the manner provided above when due, (ii) payment in full of such amounts at all such offices is 
illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar restrictions on payment or 
receipt of such amounts and (iii) such payment is then permitted by United States law, without 
involving, in the opinion of the Issuer, any adverse tax consequence to the Issuer. 
(d) 
Payments Subject to Fiscal Laws: All payments are subject in all cases to any applicable fiscal 
or other laws, regulations and directives in any jurisdiction (whether by operation of law or 
agreement of the Issuer or its Agents) and the Issuer will not be liable for any taxes or duties of 
whatever nature imposed or levied by such laws, regulations, directives or agreements, but without 
prejudice to the provisions of Condition 8. No commission or expenses shall be charged to the 
Noteholders or Couponholders in respect of such payments. 
(e) 
Appointment of Agents: The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents and the Calculation Agent initially 
appointed by the Issuer and their respective specified offices are listed at the end of this Base 
Prospectus. The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents and the Registration Agent act solely as agents 
of the Issuer and, in each such case, do not assume any obligation or relationship of agency or trust 
for or with any Noteholder or Couponholder. The Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary or 
terminate the appointment of the Fiscal Agent, any other Paying Agent and the Registration Agent 
or the Calculation Agent(s) and to appoint additional or other Paying Agents, provided that the 
Issuer shall at all times maintain (i) a Fiscal Agent, (ii) one or more Calculation Agent(s) where 
the Conditions so require, (iii) Paying Agents having specified offices in at least two major 
European cities (including Paris so long as the Notes are admitted to trading on Euronext Paris and 
in such other city so long as the Notes are admitted to trading on any other Regulated Market), (iv) 
in the case of Dematerialised Notes in fully registered form, a Registration Agent and (v) such 
other agents as may be required by any other Stock Exchange on which the Notes may be listed. 
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent in New York City in respect of any 
Materialised Notes denominated in U.S. Dollars in the circumstances described in paragraph (c) 
above. 
Notice of any such change or any change of any specified office shall promptly be given to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 below. 
(f) 
Unmatured Coupons and Receipts and unexchanged Talons: 
(i) 
Unless Materialised Notes provide that the relevant Coupons are to become void upon the 
due date for redemption of those Notes, Materialised Notes should be surrendered for 
payment together with all unmatured Coupons (if any) relating thereto, failing which an 
amount equal to the face value of each missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of 
payment not being made in full, that proportion of the amount of such missing unmatured 
Coupon that the sum of principal so paid bears to the total principal due) shall be deducted 
from the Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount, Optional Redemption 
Amount or Make-Whole Redemption Amount, as the case may be, due for payment. Any 
amount so deducted shall be paid in the manner mentioned above against surrender of 
such missing Coupon within a period of 10 years from the Relevant Date for the payment 
of such principal (whether or not such Coupon has become void pursuant to Condition 9). 
(ii) 
If Materialised Notes so provide, upon the due date for redemption of any such 
Materialised Note, unmatured Coupons relating to such Note (whether or not attached) 
shall become void and no payment shall be made in respect of them. 
(iii) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Materialised Note, any unexchanged Talon 
relating to such Note (whether or not attached) shall become void and no Coupon shall be 
delivered in respect of such Talon.

--- Page 53 ---
- 47- 
 
 
(iv) 
Where any Materialised Note that provides that the relative unmatured Coupons are to 
become void upon the due date for redemption of those Notes is presented for redemption 
without all unmatured Coupons, and where any Materialised Note is presented for 
redemption without any unexchanged Talon relating to it, redemption shall be made only 
against the provision of such indemnity as the Issuer may require. 
(v) 
If the due date for redemption of any Materialised Note is not a due date for payment of 
interest, interest accrued from the preceding due date for payment of interest or the 
Interest Commencement Date, as the case may be, shall only be payable against 
presentation (and surrender if appropriate) of the relevant Definitive Materialised Note. 
Interest accrued on a Note that only bears interest after its Maturity Date shall be payable 
on redemption of such Note against presentation of the relevant Definitive Materialised 
Note. 
(vi) 
The provisions of paragraph (i) of this Condition 7(f) notwithstanding, if any Note should 
be issued with a maturity date and Interest Rate or Rates such that, on the presentation for 
payment of any such Notes without all unmatured Coupons attached thereto or 
surrendered therewith, the amount required by such paragraph (i) to be deducted in respect 
of such missing unmatured Coupons would be greater than the Redemption Amount 
otherwise due for payment, then, upon the due date for redemption of any such Note, such 
missing unmatured Coupons shall become void (and no payment shall be made in respect 
thereof) as shall be required so that, upon application of such paragraph (i) in respect of 
such Coupons as have not so become void, the amount required by such paragraph (i) to 
be deducted would not be greater than the Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption 
Amount, Optional Redemption Amount or the Make-Whole Redemption Amount, as the 
case may be, otherwise due for payment (or, in the case of payment not being made in 
full, that proportion of the amount of such missing unmatured Coupons that the sum of 
principal so paid bears to the total principal due). Where the application of the foregoing 
sentence requires some but not all of such missing unmatured Coupons relating to a Note 
to become void, the relevant Paying Agent shall determine which missing unmatured 
Coupons (or proportion thereof) are to become void, and shall select for such purpose 
Coupons maturing on later dates in preference to Coupons maturing on earlier dates. 
(g) 
Talons: On or after the Interest Payment Date for the final Coupon forming part of a Coupon sheet 
issued in respect of any Materialised Note, the Talon forming part of such Coupon sheet may be 
surrendered at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet (and 
if necessary another Talon for a further Coupon sheet) (but excluding any Coupons that may have 
become void pursuant to Condition 9). 
(h) 
Non-Business Days: If any date for payment in respect of any Note or Coupon is not a business 
day, the Noteholder shall not be entitled to payment until the next following business day nor to 
any interest or other sum in respect of such postponed payment. In this paragraph, "business day" 
means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) (A) (i) in the case of Dematerialised Notes, on 
which Euroclear France is open for business or (ii) in the case of Materialised Notes, on which 
banks and foreign exchange markets are open for business in the relevant place of presentation, (B) 
on which banks and foreign exchange markets are open for business in such jurisdictions as shall 
be specified as "Financial Centres" in the relevant Final Terms and (C) (i) (in the case of a 
payment in a currency other than Euro), where payment is to be made by transfer to an account 
maintained with a bank in the relevant currency, on which foreign exchange transactions may be 
carried on in the relevant currency in the principal financial centre of the country of such currency 
or (ii) (in the case of a payment in Euro), which is a TARGET Business Day. 
8. 
Taxation 
(a) 
Withholding Tax: All payments of interest and other revenues by or on behalf of the Issuer in 
respect of the Notes and the Coupons shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or 
deduction for, any taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, 
levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or within France or any authority therein or thereof 
having power to tax, unless such withholding or deduction is required by law.

--- Page 54 ---
- 48- 
 
 
(b) 
Additional Amounts: If French law should require that payments of principal, interest or other 
revenues by or on behalf of the Issuer in respect of any Note or Coupon be subject to deduction or 
withholding in respect of any taxes or duties whatsoever, the Issuer will, to the fullest extent then 
permitted by law, pay such additional amounts as may be necessary in order that the Noteholders 
or the Couponholders, after deduction or withholding of such taxes or duties, will receive the full 
amount then expressed to be due and payable; provided, however, that no such additional amounts 
shall be payable with respect to any Note or Coupon: 
(i) 
Other connection: to, or to a third party on behalf of, a Noteholder who is liable to such 
taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges in respect of such Note or Coupon by 
reason of his having some connection with the Republic of France other than the mere 
holding of the Note or Coupon; or 
(ii) 
Presentation more than 30 days after the Relevant Date: in the case of Materialised 
Notes, more than 30 days after the Relevant Date except to the extent that the Noteholder 
or the Couponholder, as the case may be, would have been entitled to such additional 
amounts on presenting it for payment on or before the thirtieth (30th) such calendar day 
of such time period. 
As used in these Conditions, "Relevant Date" in respect of any Coupon means the date on which 
payment in respect of it first becomes due or (if any amount of the money payable is improperly 
withheld or refused) the date on which payment in full of the amount outstanding is made or in the 
case of Materialised Notes (if earlier) the date seven days after that on which notice is duly given 
to the Noteholders that, upon further presentation of the Coupon being made in accordance with 
the Conditions, such payment will be made, provided that payment is in fact made upon such 
presentation. 
References in these Conditions to "interest" and/or "other revenues" shall be deemed to include 
all Interest Amounts and all other amounts payable pursuant to Condition 5 or any amendment or 
supplement to it. 
(c) 
FATCA Withholding: The Issuer shall be permitted to withhold or deduct any amounts required 
by the rules of U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, Sections 1471 through 1474, 
pursuant to any inter-governmental agreement, or implementing legislation adopted by another 
jurisdiction in connection with those provisions, or pursuant to any agreement with the U.S. 
Internal Revenue Service ("FATCA withholding") as a result of the Noteholder, beneficial owner 
or an intermediary (that is not an agent of the Issuer) not being entitled to receive payments free of 
FATCA withholding. The Issuer shall not be liable for, or otherwise obliged to pay, any FATCA 
withholding deducted or withheld by the Issuer, any paying agent or any other party. 
9. 
Prescription 
Claims against the Issuer for payment in respect of the Notes and Coupons (which for this purpose shall not 
include Talons) shall be prescribed and become void unless made within ten (10) years (in the case of 
principal) or five (5) years (in the case of interest) from the appropriate Relevant Date in respect of them. 
10. 
Events of Default 
If any of the following events ("Events of Default") occurs and is continuing, the Representative (as defined 
in Condition 11), upon request of any Noteholder, may give written notice to the Issuer and the Fiscal Agent 
at its specified office that the Notes of such Noteholder are immediately repayable, whereupon the Early 
Redemption Amount of such Notes together with accrued interest to the date of payment shall become 
immediately due and payable, unless such Event of Default shall have been remedied prior to the receipt of 
such notice by the Issuer and the Fiscal Agent:   
(a) 
the Issuer fails to pay the principal of or any interest on any of the Notes when due and such failure 
continues for a period of 15 days; or 
(b) 
the Issuer does not perform or does not comply with any one or more of its other obligations under 
the Notes which default is incapable of remedy or, if capable of remedy, is not remedied within 30

--- Page 55 ---
- 49- 
 
 
days after notice of such default shall have been given to the Fiscal Agent at its specified office by 
any Noteholder; or 
(c) 
(A) any present or future indebtedness for money borrowed of the Issuer or a Principal Subsidiary 
shall become due and payable and shall not be paid when due or, as the case may be, after the 
expiration of any originally applicable grace period therefor, or (B) any guarantee or indemnity 
given by the Issuer or a Principal Subsidiary for borrowed money of others shall not be honoured 
when due or called upon or, as the case may be, after the expiration of any originally applicable 
grace period, provided that the amounts due in respect of (A) and (B) are in aggregate in excess of 
€50,000,000 or its equivalent in any other currency or currencies and unless in any such event (x) 
the Issuer or such Principal Subsidiary, as the case may be, is disputing in good faith that such 
indebtedness is due and payable or that such guarantee or indemnity is due and callable, in which 
case such event shall not constitute an Event of Default hereunder so long as the dispute shall not 
have been irrevocably adjudicated or (y) the amount due is not paid due to circumstances affecting 
the making or clearing of the payment which are outside the control of the Issuer or such Principal 
Subsidiary, as the case may be, in which case such event shall not constitute an Event of Default 
so long as such circumstances continue in existence; or 
(d) 
in relation to the Issuer or a Principal Subsidiary, in the event that any judgement is issued for its 
judicial liquidation (liquidation judiciaire) or the transfer of the whole of its business (cession 
totale de l’entreprise) or makes a conveyance or assignment for the benefit of, or enters into a 
composition with, its creditors or is unable to meet its current liabilities out of its current assets, if 
such event shall not have been cured within 14 days thereafter or, to the extent permitted by law, 
any non-French Principal Subsidiaries is subject to any other analogous insolvency or bankruptcy 
proceedings under any applicable laws; or 
(e) 
in the event that the Issuer ceases or threatens to cease to carry on all or a material part of its 
business or operations, except for the purpose of and following a reconstruction, amalgamation, 
reorganisation, merger or consolidation, where, in connection with such reconstruction, 
amalgamation, reorganisation, merger or consolidation, the Issuer has delivered to the Fiscal Agent, 
as soon as practicable prior to the effective date of such reconstruction, amalgamation, 
reorganisation, merger or consolidation, a certificate issued by any Rating Agency stating that the 
Notes will have an Investment Grade Rating by such agency immediately following such 
reconstruction, amalgamation, reorganisation, merger or consolidation; or 
(f) 
in the event that the Issuer is in default under any agreement, consent, licence, filing, order, 
recording, authorisation, exemption or registration necessary to enable the Issuer to perform and 
comply with its obligations under the Notes, or to ensure that those obligations are legally binding 
and enforceable or to make the Notes admissible in evidence in the competent courts of Paris if 
such default (if capable of being remedied) shall not have been cured within 14 days. 
11. 
Representation of Noteholders 
The Noteholders will, in respect of all Tranches of the relevant Series, be grouped automatically for the 
defence of their common interests in a masse (the "Masse") which will be governed by the provisions of 
Articles L.228-46 et seq. of the French Code de commerce as amended by this Condition 11. 
The Masse alone, to the exclusion of all individual Noteholders, shall exercise the common rights, actions 
and benefits which may accrue with respect to the Notes, without prejudice to the rights that Noteholders 
may exercise individually in accordance with, and subject to, the provisions of the terms and conditions of 
the Notes. 
(a) 
Legal Personality of the Masse 
The Masse will be a separate legal entity and will act in part through a representative (the 
"Representative") and in part through collective decisions of the Noteholders (the "Collective 
Decisions").

--- Page 56 ---
- 50- 
 
 
(b) 
Representative 
The names and addresses of the Representative and its alternate (if any), will be set out in the 
relevant Final Terms. The Representative appointed in respect of the first Tranche of any Series of 
Notes will be the Representative of the single Masse of all subsequent Tranches in such Series. 
The Representative will be entitled to such remuneration in connection with its functions or duties 
as set out in the relevant Final Terms. No additional remuneration is payable in relation to any 
subsequent Tranche of any given Series. 
In the event of death, liquidation, retirement, resignation or revocation of appointment of the 
Representative, such Representative will be replaced by its alternate, if any. Another Representative 
may be appointed. Collective Decisions in relation to the appointment or replacement of the 
Representative shall be published in accordance with paragraph 11(j). 
All interested parties will at all times have the right to obtain the names and addresses of the 
Representative and the alternate Representative (if any) at the head office of the Issuer. 
(c) 
Powers of Representative 
The Representative shall (in the absence of any Collective Decision to the contrary) have the power 
to take all acts of management necessary in order to defend the common interests of the 
Noteholders, with the capacity to delegate its powers.  
All legal proceedings against the Noteholders or initiated by them, must be brought by or against 
the Representative. 
(d) 
Collective Decisions 
Collective Decisions are adopted either (i) in a general meeting (the "General Meetings"), or (ii) 
by unanimous consent of the Noteholders following a written consultation (the "Written 
Unanimous Decisions"), or (iii) by the consent of one or more Noteholders holding together at 
least 75 per cent. of the principal amount of the Notes outstanding, following a written consultation 
(the "Written Majority Decisions", and together with the Written Unanimous Decisions, the 
"Written Decisions").  
In accordance with Article R. 228-71 of the French Code de commerce, the rights of each 
Noteholder to participate in Collective Decisions will be evidenced by the entries in the books of 
the relevant Account Holder or the Issuer or the Registration Agent (as the case may be) of the 
name of such Noteholder as of 0:00 Paris time, on the second (2nd) business day in Paris preceding 
the date set for the Collective Decision. 
Collective Decisions must be published in accordance with paragraph 11(j).  
The Issuer shall hold a register of the Collective Decisions and shall make it available, upon 
request, to any subsequent holder of any of the Notes of such Series. 
(e) 
General Meeting 
A General Meeting may be called at any time, either by the Issuer or by the Representative. One or 
more Noteholders, holding together at least one-thirtieth (1/30) of the aggregate principal amount 
of Notes outstanding, may address to the Issuer and the Representative a demand for a General 
Meeting to be called. If such General Meeting has not been called within two (2) months after such 
demand, the Noteholders may commission one of them to petition the competent court to appoint 
an agent (mandataire) who will call the General Meeting. 
General Meetings may deliberate validly on first convocation only if the Noteholders present or 
represented hold at least one-fifth (1/5) of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes then 
outstanding. On second convocation, no quorum shall be required. The decisions of the General 
Meeting shall be taken by a two-thirds majority of votes held by the Noteholders attending such 
General Meeting or represented thereat. 
Notice of the date, time, place and agenda of any General Meeting will be published in accordance 
with paragraph 11(j) not less than fifteen (15) calendar days prior to the date of the General Meeting 
on first convocation and not less than five (5) calendar days prior to the date of the General Meeting 
on second convocation.

--- Page 57 ---
- 51- 
 
 
Each Noteholder has the right to participate in a General Meeting in person, by proxy or by 
correspondence.  
Each Noteholder or representative thereof will have the right to consult or make a copy of the text 
of the resolutions which will be proposed and of the reports, if any, which will be presented at the 
General Meeting, all of which will be available for inspection by the relevant Noteholders at the 
registered office of the Issuer and at any other place specified in the notice of the General Meeting, 
during the fifteen (15) calendar day period preceding the holding of the General Meeting on first 
convocation, or during the five (5) calendar day period preceding the holding of the General 
Meeting on second convocation. 
The General Meeting is chaired by the Representative. In the event of the absence of a 
representative at the start of a General Meeting and if no Noteholder is present or represented at 
the General Meeting, the Issuer may, notwithstanding the provisions of Article L.228-64 of the 
French Code de commerce, designate a provisional chairman until a new Representative has been 
appointed. 
(f) 
Written Decisions 
At the initiative of the Issuer, Collective Decisions may also be taken by Written Unanimous 
Decisions or Written Majority Decisions. 
(i) 
Written Unanimous Decision 
Written Unanimous Decisions shall be signed by or on behalf of all the Noteholders 
without having to comply with formalities and time limits referred to in paragraph 11(e). 
Approval of a Written Unanimous Decision may also be given by way of electronic 
communication allowing the identification of Noteholders in accordance with Article 
L.228-46-1 of the French Code de commerce ("Electronic Consent"). Any such decision 
shall, for all purposes, have the same effect as a resolution passed at a General Meeting of 
such Noteholders. Such Written Unanimous Decision may be contained in one document, 
or in several documents in like form each signed by or on behalf of one or more of such 
Noteholders, and shall be published in accordance with paragraph 11(j). 
(ii) 
Written Majority Decision 
Notices seeking the approval of a Written Majority Decision, which shall include the text 
of the proposed resolutions together with any report thereon, will be published as provided 
under paragraph 11(j) no less than fifteen (15) calendar days prior to the date fixed for the 
passing of such Written Majority Decision (the "Written Majority Decision Date"). 
Notices seeking the approval of a Written Majority Decision will contain the conditions 
of form and time limits to be complied with by the Noteholders who wish to express their 
approval or rejection of such proposed Written Majority Decision. Noteholders expressing 
their approval or rejection before the Written Majority Decision Date will undertake not 
to dispose of their Notes until after the Written Majority Decision Date. 
Written Majority Decisions shall be signed by one or more Noteholders holding together 
at least 75 per cent. of the principal amount of the Notes outstanding. Approval of a 
Written Majority Decision may also be given by Electronic Consent. Any Written Majority 
Decision shall, for all purposes, have the same effect as a resolution passed at a General 
Meeting of the Noteholders. Such Written Majority Decisions may be contained in one 
document, or in several documents in like form each signed by or on one behalf of one or 
more of the Noteholders, and shall be published in accordance with paragraph 11(j). 
(g) 
Exclusion of certain provisions of the French Code de commerce 
Changes in the corporate form of the Issuer will not require prior approval by the General Meeting 
of the Noteholders and consequently, the provisions of Article L.228-65 I 1°, in relation to proposed

--- Page 58 ---
- 52- 
 
 
changes in the corporate form of the Issuer only, of the French Code de commerce shall not apply 
to the Notes. 
(h) 
Expenses 
The Issuer shall pay all expenses relating to the operations of the Masse, including all expenses 
relating to the calling and holding of Collective Decisions and, more generally, all administrative 
expenses resolved upon by Collective Decisions, it being expressly stipulated that no expenses may 
be imputed against interest payable under the Notes. 
(i) 
Single Masse 
The holders of Notes of the same Series, and the holders of Notes of any other Series which have 
been assimilated with the Notes of such first mentioned Series in accordance with Condition 13 
(Further Issues), shall, for the defence of their respective common interests, be grouped in a single 
Masse. The Representative (including any successor) appointed in respect of the first Tranche of 
any Series of Notes will be the Representative of the single Masse of all such Series.  
(j) 
Sole Noteholder 
If and for so long as the Notes of any Series are held by a sole Noteholder and unless a 
Representative has been appointed in relation to such Series, such Noteholder shall exercise all 
powers, rights and obligations entrusted to the Masse by the provisions of the French Code de 
commerce. The Issuer shall hold a register of the decisions taken by the sole Noteholder in this 
capacity and shall make it available, upon request, to any subsequent holder of any of the Notes of 
such Series. 
(k) 
Notices for the purpose of this Condition 11 
Any notice to be given to Noteholders in accordance with this Condition 11 shall be published on 
the website of Carrefour Banque (www.carrefour-banque.fr/societe) and, 
(i) 
in the case of the holders of Notes in registered form (au nominatif), mailed to them at 
their respective addresses, in which case they shall be deemed to have been given on the 
fourth (4th) weekday (being a day other than a Saturday or a Sunday) after the mailing; or 
(ii) 
in the case of the holders of Notes in bearer form (au porteur), given by delivery of the 
relevant notice to Euroclear France, Euroclear, Clearstream and any other clearing system 
through which the Notes are for the time being cleared. 
(l) 
Merger and spin off 
Any decision to proceed with a transaction, notwithstanding the failure to obtain Noteholders' 
approval, as contemplated by Article L.228-72 of the French Code de commerce will be notified to 
Noteholders in accordance with this paragraph 11(k). Any Noteholder will then have the right to 
request redemption of its Notes at par within thirty (30) days of the date of notification, in which 
case the Issuer shall redeem such Noteholder within thirty (30) days of the Noteholder's request for 
redemption. 
If a merger or a spin-off is contemplated by the Issuer, the Issuer will have the option to submit the 
proposal for approval by a Collective Decision of the Masse or to offer redemption at par to 
Noteholders pursuant to Article L. 228-73 of the French Code de commerce. Such redemption offer 
shall be notified to Noteholders in accordance with paragraph 11(k) above. If the Masse does not 
approve the merger or spin-off proposal, any decision to proceed with the transaction will be 
notified to Noteholders in accordance with paragraph 11(k) above. 
In this Condition 11, the expression "outstanding" does not include the Notes subscribed or purchased by 
the Issuer in accordance with applicable laws and regulations which are held by the Issuer and not cancelled. 
12. 
Replacement of Materialised Notes, Coupons and Talons 
If, in the case of any Materialised Notes, a Definitive Materialised Note, Coupon or Talon is lost, stolen, 
mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced, subject to applicable laws, regulations and Regulated

--- Page 59 ---
- 53- 
 
 
Market regulations, at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent or such other Paying Agent as may from time 
to time be designated by the Issuer for the purpose and notice of whose designation is given to Noteholders, 
in each case on payment by the claimant of the fees and costs incurred in connection therewith and on such 
terms as to evidence, security and indemnity (which may provide, inter alia, that if the allegedly lost, stolen 
or destroyed Definitive Materialised Note, Coupon or Talon is subsequently presented for payment or, as 
the case may be, for exchange for further Coupons, there shall be paid to the Issuer on demand the amount 
payable by the Issuer in respect of such Definitive Materialised Notes, Coupons or further Coupons) and 
otherwise as the Issuer may require. Mutilated or defaced Materialised Notes, Coupons or Talons must be 
surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
13. 
Further Issues 
The Issuer may from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders create and issue 
further notes to be assimilated (assimilées) and form a single series with the Notes provided such Notes and 
the further notes carry rights identical in all respects (or in all respects save for the principal amount thereof, 
the issue date, the issue price and the first payment of interest specified in the relevant Final Terms) and 
that the terms of such further notes provide for such assimilation and references in these Conditions to 
"Notes" shall be construed accordingly. 
14. 
Notices 
(a) 
Subject to Condition 14(d), notices to the holders of Dematerialised Notes in registered form (au 
nominatif) shall be valid if either, (i) they are mailed to them at their respective addresses, in which 
case they will be deemed to have been given on the fourth (4th) weekday (being a day other than a 
Saturday or a Sunday) after the mailing, or, (ii) at the option of the Issuer, they are published in a 
leading daily newspaper of general circulation in Europe; provided that, so long as such Notes are 
admitted to trading on any Regulated Market and the rules applicable to such Regulated Market so 
require, notices shall be valid if published in a daily newspaper with general circulation in the 
city/ies where the Regulated Market on which such Notes is/are admitted to trading is located and 
as otherwise required by the applicable rules of that Regulated Market, as the case may be. 
(b) 
Notices to the holders of Materialised Notes and Dematerialised Notes in bearer form (au porteur) 
shall be valid if published in a daily leading newspaper of general circulation in Europe and so 
long as such Notes are admitted to trading on any Regulated Market and the rules applicable to 
such Regulated Market so require, in a leading daily newspaper with general circulation in the 
city/ies where the Regulated Market on which such Notes is/are admitted to trading is located and 
as otherwise required by the applicable rules of that Regulated Market, as the case may be. 
(c) 
If any such publication is not practicable, notice shall be validly given if published in another 
leading daily English language newspaper with general circulation in Europe, provided that so long 
as such Notes are admitted to trading on any Regulated Market, notice shall be published as 
otherwise required by the applicable rules of that Regulated Market, as the case may be. Any such 
notice shall be deemed to have been given on the date of such publication or, if published more 
than once or on different dates, on the date of the first publication as provided above. Holders of 
Coupons shall be deemed for all purposes to have notice of the contents of any notice given to the 
holders of Materialised Notes in accordance with this Condition. 
(d) 
Notices required to be given to the holders of Dematerialised Notes (whether in registered or in 
bearer form) (au nominatif ou au porteur) pursuant to these Conditions may be given by delivery 
of the relevant notice to Euroclear France, Euroclear, Clearstream and any other clearing system 
through which the Notes are for the time being cleared in substitution for the mailing and 
publication as required by Conditions 14(a), (b) and (c) above; except that so long as such Notes 
are listed on any Regulated Market and the rules applicable to such Regulated Market so require, 
notices shall also be published in a daily newspaper with general circulation in the city/ies where 
the Regulated Market on which such Notes are admitted to trading is/are located and as otherwise 
required by the applicable rules of that Regulated Market, as the case may be shall also be published 
in a leading newspaper of general circulation in Europe. 
(e) 
For the avoidance of doubt, this Condition 14 shall not apply to notices to be given pursuant to 
Condition 11.

--- Page 60 ---
- 54- 
 
 
15. 
Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
(a) 
Governing Law: The Notes and where applicable, the Coupons and the Talons, are governed by, 
and shall be construed in accordance with, French law. 
(b) 
Jurisdiction: Any claim against the Issuer in connection with any Notes, Coupons or Talons will 
be submitted to the jurisdiction of the competent courts in Paris.

--- Page 61 ---
- 55- 
 
 
TEMPORARY GLOBAL CERTIFICATES ISSUED IN RESPECT OF MATERIALISED 
NOTES 
Temporary Global Certificates 
A Temporary Global Certificate, without interest Coupons, will initially be issued in connection with Materialised 
Notes. Upon the initial deposit of such Temporary Global Certificate with a common depositary for Euroclear and 
Clearstream (the "Common Depositary"), Euroclear or Clearstream will credit the accounts of each subscriber with 
a nominal amount of Notes equal to the nominal amount thereof for which it has subscribed and paid. 
The Common Depositary may also credit with a nominal amount of Notes the accounts of subscribers with (if 
indicated in the relevant Final Terms) other clearing systems through direct or indirect accounts with Euroclear and 
Clearstream held by such other clearing systems. Conversely, a nominal amount of Notes that is initially deposited 
with any other clearing system may similarly be credited to the accounts of subscribers with Euroclear, Clearstream 
or other clearing systems. 
Exchange 
Each Temporary Global Certificate issued in respect of Notes will be exchangeable, free of charge to the holder, on 
or after its Exchange Date (as defined below): 
(i) 
if the relevant Final Terms indicates that such Temporary Global Certificate is issued in compliance with the 
C Rules or in a transaction to which TEFRA is not applicable (as to which, see "Subscription and Sale" 
below), in whole, but not in part, for the Definitive Materialised Notes; and 
(ii) 
otherwise, in whole but not in part upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership (a form of which 
shall be available at the specified offices of any of the Paying Agents) for Definitive Materialised Notes. 
Delivery of Definitive Materialised Notes 
On or after its Exchange Date, the holder of a Temporary Global Certificate may surrender such Temporary Global 
Certificate to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent. In exchange for any Temporary Global Certificate, the Issuer will 
deliver, or procure the delivery of, an equal aggregate nominal amount of duly executed and authenticated Definitive 
Materialised Notes. In this Base Prospectus, Definitive Materialised Notes means, in relation to any Temporary 
Global Certificate, the Definitive Materialised Notes for which such Temporary Global Certificate may be exchanged 
(if appropriate, having attached to them all Coupons in respect of interest that has not already been paid on the 
Temporary Global Certificate and a Talon). Definitive Materialised Notes will be security printed in accordance with 
any applicable legal and Regulated Market requirements. Forms of such Definitive Materialised Notes shall be 
available at the specified offices of any of the Paying Agent(s). 
Exchange Date 
"Exchange Date" means, in relation to a Temporary Global Certificate, the calendar day falling after the expiry of 
40 calendar days after its issue date, provided that, in the event any further Materialised Notes are issued prior to 
such day pursuant to Condition 13, the Exchange Date for such Temporary Global Certificate shall be postponed to 
the calendar day falling after the expiry of 40 calendar days after the issue of such further Materialised Notes.

--- Page 62 ---
- 56- 
 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, the net proceeds of the issue of Notes will be used for general 
corporate purposes.

--- Page 63 ---
- 57- 
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER  
INTRODUCTION 
Carrefour Banque ("Carrefour Banque" or the "Issuer") is a French société anonyme registered with the Registre 
du Commerce et des Sociétés of Evry under the number 313 811 515.  
The Issuer is a credit institution governed by the French Code monétaire et financier and is accordingly subject to 
banking obligations and continuous monitoring by the Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de résolution ("ACPR"), 
the French regulatory authority. 
As at 31 December 2020, the Issuer had a share capital of EUR 101,346,956.72 represented by 6,614,184 fully paid 
up ordinary shares of the same category, each with a par value of EUR 15.32. The shares are in registered form (au 
nominatif). The Issuer was registered and incorporated under the name of Société des Paiements Pass on 26 January 
1983 and its incorporation will expire on 11 June 2077, unless extended or earlier terminated. The Issuer changed its 
name to Carrefour Banque on 27 December 2010. Its registered office is at Parc du Bois Briard, 9-13 avenue du lac 
- 91 000 Evry-Courcouronnes, France and its telephone number is +33 (0)1 60 76 48 48. Any historical financial 
information, including financial statements in respect of the Issuer, whether non-consolidated or consolidated, which 
are incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus and the articles of association (Statuts) of the Issuer may be 
inspected and are available at the Issuer’s registered office and are also available on the website of the Issuer 
(www.carrefour-banque.fr/societe). The up-to-date version of the articles of association (Statuts) of the Issuer as at 
29 May 2020 has been registered with Registre du Commerce et des Sociétés of Evry on 7 September 2020.  
The corporate purpose of the Issuer specified in Article 3 of its articles of association (Statuts) is to carry out credit 
operations (les opérations de crédit), distribute products to customers (la mise à disposition de la clientèle (émetteur 
de cartes bancaires)), manage savings in the form of life assurance or UCITS (Undertakings for Collective 
Investment in Transferable Securities) assets (gestion d’épargne sous le format Assurance Vie ou encours gérés sous 
mandat via des organismes de placement collectif en valeurs mobilières), carry out insurance brokerage, in particular, 
life assurance (le courtage en assurances, notamment le courtage d’assurance vie), investment services (les services 
d’investissement) and more generally to carry out services and any type of related banking and economic, legal, civil, 
commercial or financial transactions, which can be connected, directly or indirectly, to the abovementioned corporate 
purpose or are likely to facilitate its development. 
BUSINESS STRATEGY 
Carrefour Banque’s objective is to develop the distribution of financial products to individual clients using various 
methods of distribution (financial services stands in Carrefour hypermarkets, the internet and telephone sales), 
discounts and advantages through the Fidelité Carrefour programme and multichannel marketing.  
Since its incorporation, the values of Carrefour Banque have been aligned to those of Carrefour, with the aim of 
offering the best financial products and services to the largest number of customers at the most competitive prices. 
Carrefour Banque has focused on the accessibility of its offers by installing 175 financial services stands, one in each 
Carrefour hypermarket in France and establishing an integrated website and call centre which enables Carrefour 
Banque to capture customers in the hypermarkets as well as externally via the website and mailing. This development 
has been strengthened by the marketing of the MasterCard (more fully described in the "Credit Activity" section 
below).  
Carrefour Banque has developed a responsible approach to commercialising its banking activities, by seeking to 
reduce the risks of over-indebtedness by means of appropriate credit scoring of its customers. Carrefour Banque is 
in favour of the proposed adoption of a national register of loans to individuals in France. 
Carrefour Banque’s commercial policies are aligned with those of Carrefour and the development of Carrefour 
Banque’s activity is an integral part of the strategy of Carrefour; however, Carrefour Banque has full autonomy in 
making all lending decisions. Carrefour Banque is a self-standing business which aims to leverage its existing 
relationship with Carrefour by offering Carrefour clients payment cards and financial solutions, whilst at the same 
time creating its own business network for the distribution of its products through internet and telephone sales. 
Carrefour Banque’s growth strategy was put in place in 2009 with the preparation of a significant group re-
organisation which took effect on 1 May 2010. The aim of this re-organisation was to extend Carrefour Banque’s 
business geographically and to create a unique banking and insurance distribution network. The project transformed 
Carrefour Banque’s business into a business in its own right within the group of companies comprising Carrefour 
and its subsidiaries (the "Carrefour Group") and, since 2010, has led to a progressive geographic expansion across

--- Page 64 ---
- 58- 
 
 
Belgium and Spain.  
In the context of Carrefour's '2022 Transformation Plan', Carrefour Banque had refocused its strategy on consumer 
credit. However, since then, Carrefour Banque decided to extend its strategy and diversify the products it offers, by 
developing insurance products (to people or goods), personal loans and savings products (in the form of life assurance 
products). This broader strategy should bring Carrefour Banque back more in line with its previous business model. 
On 9 September 2019, Carrefour Banque launched a 'new' Pass card accompanied by an offer of 15% on the loyalty 
bonuses at Carrefour and a Win Pass (market place) programme with a wider offering. The retail coverage is being 
reinforced via its progressive commercialisation in more than 390 integrated Carrefour Market sites.  
ORGANISATIONAL STRUCTURE OF THE ISSUER  
Organisational Structure as at 31 December 2020 
The structure chart below shows the shareholders of Carrefour Banque and its principal subsidiaries. 
 
(1) MCCP is not a legal subsidiary of Carrefour Banque but a securitisation vehicle which is a separate legal entity. 
(2) Carrefour Banca is a branch, and not a legal subsidiary, of Carrefour Banque. 
The Board of Directors assumes the high responsibility for risk management: 
 it sets the general strategy, the objectives and the projects that the Board will need to implement; 
 it reviews and approves the risk management policies and ensures that they are fully implemented. In particular, 
it ensures that the risk management, the internal control processes, and the information systems are appropriate 
and functioning; and  
 it has created four specialized committees (Risks Committee, Audit Committee, Appointments Committee, 
Remuneration Committee).

--- Page 65 ---
- 59- 
 
 
The Board of Directors has delegated the operational management of the bank to the Executive Board. In its risk 
management function, the Executive Committee particularly ensures the proper functioning of the following 
elements: 
 operational committees responsible for risk management; 
 internal Control functions;  
 control environment (responsibilisation of staff, code of conduct, policies, etc.); and 
 control of delegated activities. 
Shareholders 
The shareholders of the Issuer as at the date of this Base Prospectus are Carrefour, which directly holds 60% of the 
shares, and BNP Paribas Personal Finance S.A., which directly holds 40% of the shares. 
BUSINESS OVERVIEW 
Carrefour Banque was incorporated on 26 January 1983 and has been the banking subsidiary of the Carrefour Group 
for almost 37 years. Initially Carrefour Banque managed the promotion, commercialisation, and flow of funds for 
the PASS payment cards, and then progressively extended its financial services offer to include loans (1987), savings 
(1991), payment cards (2003), a range of debt consolidation products (2008) and current accounts with C-zam (2017). 
In July 2009, Standard and Poor’s granted its first rating to Carrefour Banque ("A" long-term rating and "A-1" short-
term rating). On 14 May 2021, S&P lowered the long-term credit rating it has assigned to the Issuer to "BBB" from 
"BBB+". At the same time, S&P reaffirmed its short-term credit rating on the bank "A-2". The outlook remains 
negative. A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction 
or withdrawal at any time by Standard and Poor’s. 
 
In 2010, Carrefour Banque participated in the re-organisation of Carrefour’s banking services. As part of the re-
organisation, Carrefour Banque purchased Carrefour Servizi Finanziari Spa ("CSF"), a financial company that 
engages in credit activities in the form of revolving and redeemable credit. CSF subsequently changed its name to 
Carrefour Banca and on 1 October 2011 merged into Carrefour Banque. 
The implementation of the group re-organisation impacted the integrated financial services and insurance stands in 
Carrefour Group hypermarkets in France, call centres and the Carrefour Banque website. The aim of this group re-
organisation was to increase overall activity, to increase distribution of insurance products and to reduce costs by 
pooling together teams within the Carrefour Group network.  
Since the re-organisation, Carrefour Banque has directly managed its own commercial network. The employees 
working on the financial stands at the hypermarkets are now direct employees of Carrefour Banque (rather than of 
Carrefour Group). The stands themselves are now the property of Carrefour Banque.  
The Issuer had 889 employees in France as at 31 December 2020. Carrefour Banque operates 175 bank branches in 
hypermarkets. On 22 February 2021, an amendment to the GPEC (Gestion prévisionnelle des emplois et des 
compétences) agreement was signed by Carrefour Banque to put in place a plan to reorganize its staffing, following 
which 103 jobs were cut while 56 innovative jobs have been created. 
The Issuer operates mainly within the French, Italian and Belgian markets. As mentioned above, the Issuer has an 
Italian branch entitled Carrefour Banca, holds 99.98% of Fimaser, its subsidiary registered in Belgium and operates 
in Spain through Servicios Financieros Carrefour ("SFC"), of which it holds 6.797%.  
From an organisational perspective, Carrefour Banque is transforming itself, along with Carrefour, and is putting in 
place service centres.  
Carrefour Banque financial services which include loans, savings, payment cards and a range of debt consolidation 
products have been integrated into the Carrefour shopping centers' services division. The aim is to capture business 
potential through better visibility with two new types of branches implementation:  
• 
Single services division implementation for 138 branches: transfer of 298 employees from branches to 
Carrefour including 296 people more 2 employee representative bodies; and  
• 
Double implementation for 37 branches to reinforce the existing commercial dynamics of the branches and 
to optimise the synergy with the Carrefour Hypermarket Services division. In this organisation, the Issuer's 
employees are present in part in physical branches and, in part in the Carrefour service division.

--- Page 66 ---
- 60- 
 
 
PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES 
Carrefour Banque has developed the following products which it distributes to its customers through various 
channels, in particular, Carrefour Group hypermarkets (specifically at the financial services stands), telephone sales 
and via the internet: 
1. 
Credit Activity 
One of Carrefour Banque’s principal aims is to offer to its customers (i) consumer payment methods and 
(ii) a range of accessible credit solutions at competitive prices.  
(a) 
Payment Methods 
Carrefour Banque is an issuer of MasterCards held by about 2 million card Pass holders as at 31 
December 2020. The MasterCard which it issues is an international bank card that caters for 
payments that are made at Carrefour Group stores and websites for their products and services or 
externally for products and services of other retailers. The MasterCard comes with innovative 
features and payment facilities, such as payments in three instalments without interest, contact free 
payments for all purchases less than or equal to EUR 30 or EUR 50 (depending if they are made 
inside or outside Carrefour stores) and the choice of cash payment or credit. This card also benefits 
from a number of advantages including an extension of the manufacturer’s warranty and insurance 
against theft or breakage, Carrefour’s loyalty benefits and the guarantee of assistance and insurance 
provided by MasterCard. Carrefour Banque earns income from the MasterCard by receiving 
commissions and annual fees. 
Carrefour Banque manages the promotion and commercialisation of the MasterCard as well as the 
transactions which take place using the card.  
(b) 
Credit Solutions  
The credit solutions offered by Carrefour Banque are developed around three principal types of 
credit: 
(i) 
Revolving credit is linked to the use of the MasterCard as described in (i) above. A 
MasterCard holder has a specific amount of credit authorised for MasterCard purchases 
or the MasterCard holder can request that the amount of credit be credited to a bank 
account of his choice. When an amount is repaid, the customer can re-use his available 
credit within the limit previously set by Carrefour Banque. Revolving credit represented 
40% of the total credit portfolio as at 31 December 2020 compared with 38% of the total 
credit portfolio as at 31 December 2019. 
(ii) 
Personal loans have been provided to customers of Carrefour Banque since 1987 to 
finance a variety of purchases made by its customers, such as home improvements and 
car purchases. Interest at an annual fixed rate and payable monthly is charged on this type 
of credit and the principal is repayable in instalments. Personal loans represented 34% of 
the total credit portfolio as at 31 December 2020 compared with 38% of the total credit 
portfolio as at 31 December 2019. 
(iii) 
Specific purchase loans are provided to customers of Carrefour Banque for purchases of 
specifically earmarked goods at Carrefour Group stores. Interest at an annual fixed rate 
and payable monthly is charged on this type of credit and the principal is repayable in 
instalments. Specific purchase loans represented 3% of the total credit portfolio as at 31 
December 2020 compared with 3% of the total credit portfolio as at 31 December 2019. 
(iv) 
Non-performing loans, composed of, inter alia, doubtful debts and over-indebtedness 
files, represented 23% of the total credit portfolio as at 31 December 2020. 
At 31 December 2020, the total credit granted and outstanding was EUR 1,709 million and the new 
credit granted was EUR 584 million. As at 31 December 2019, the total credit granted and 
outstanding was EUR 2,053 million, the new credit granted was EUR 951 million. 
Carrefour Banque’s market share for such credit activity as at 31 December 2020 was around 2,8% 
of the total credit activity of all members of the French Association Française des Sociétés

--- Page 67 ---
- 61- 
 
 
Financières. Carrefour Banque’s market share is determined by Carrefour Banque on the basis of 
the figures transmitted by the Association Française des Sociétés Financières.  
A law relating to reforms of consumer credit dated 1 July 2010 (loi n° 2010-737 du 1er juillet 2010 
portant réforme du crédit à la consommation) implementing Directive 2008/48/CE was published 
in France on 2 July 2010. Particularly relevant to Carrefour Banque's credit activity are the 
stipulations that (i) Carrefour Banque applies a specific interest rate to personal loans (pricing 
differentiated by the purpose of the project, amount and duration) and revolving loans (dependent 
on the tranche of outstanding loans), (ii) the maximum term for credit will be 36 months for a 
maximum authorised overdraft of less than or equal to 3000€ or 60 months for a maximum 
authorised overdraft greater than 3000€ and (iii) Carrefour Banque has to review the credit 
arrangements it has entered into with each of its customers every three years at the least, or in the 
event that any customer’s creditworthiness has weakened.  
2. 
Savings Activity 
(a) 
General Savings Products 
 
Since 1989, Carrefour Banque historically used to promote and market a variety of long-term and 
short-term savings products which were distributed to customers via Carrefour Group 
supermarkets. These products are no longer distributed other than to Carrefour employees.  
 
(b) 
Savings Products in the form of life assurance (assurance vie) 
 
Carrefour Banque used to distribute Carrefour Horizons, a life assurance product which was 
launched in 1997 and developed in collaboration with AXA Group. This life assurance product is 
no longer commercialised since 1 November 2019. No new life insurance contract can be 
concluded and only existing clients can adjust their portfolio. As at 31 December 2020, Carrefour 
Banque had approximately 66,000 life assurance customers and the total life assurance assets for 
which Carrefour Banque acts as intermediary was EUR 1,775 million.  
 
(c) 
Savings Accounts 
In September 2012, Carrefour Banque expanded its savings activity by introducing new savings 
accounts ("Compte sur Livret CSL"). As at 31 December 2020, these accounts had received 
deposits amounting to EUR 320 million, compared to EUR 349 million as at 31 December 2019. 
Subsidiaries/Branches 
As at 31 December 2020, the Issuer has one principal subsidiary: Fimaser; and one principal branch: 
Carrefour Banca. 
• 
Fimaser 
Fimaser is a Belgian subsidiary of Carrefour Banque that engages in credit activities in the form of 
revolving and redeemable credit. It became a subsidiary of Carrefour Banque on 30 September 
2013. 
• 
Carrefour Banca 
Carrefour Banca is a branch of Carrefour Banque that engages in credit activities in the form of 
revolving and redeemable credit. It was acquired by the Carrefour Banque Group at the end of 
2010 as part of its re-organisation. Carrefour Banca was formerly a subsidiary but was merged into 
Carrefour Banque on 1 October 2011 to become a branch of Carrefour Banque. 
The Issuer took the decision on 31 October 2018 to proceed to a run off of Carrefour Banca. As a 
result, an impairment of the intangible assets of the branch was recorded in the Issuer's 2018 
consolidated financial statements in an amount of €11.5 million. On 2 June 2021, the Issuer decided 
to make an early assignment of receivables which occurred on 30 June 2021 (with retroactive effect 
to 28 February 2021). As at the date of this Base Prospectus, Carrefour Banca has not been 
dissolved.

--- Page 68 ---
- 62- 
 
 
• 
La Financière PASS SAS 
In addition, the Issuer has a subsidiary called La Financière PASS SAS, which holds as an 
investment on behalf of Carrefour Banque certain real estate investment products benefitting from 
certain tax advantages conferred by the "Loi Girardin". 
• 
FCT Master Credit Cards Pass ("FCT MCCP") 
Please see further information in the section entitled "Funding and Liquidity" below.  
• 
Servicios Financieros Carrefour (SFC) 
The Issuer holds 6.797% in SFC, a Spanish company. Carrefour Spain holds 55.92% of SFC and 
BNP Paribas Personal Finance S.A./ Cetelem Spain holds 37.28%. SFC engages in consumer credit 
activities in the form of personal loans, revolving credits and earmarked credits.  
FUNDING AND LIQUIDITY 
Carrefour Banque has a policy of diversifying its funding resources by relying on different market segments, such as 
syndicated loans, ECB-eligible securitisation, Neu CPs and Neu MTNs, saving products, fixed term deposits and 
bilateral loan facilities, and by seeking to work with new counterparties. Its financial charter sets out the principles 
governing the management of liquidity.  
Carrefour Banque’s total funding commitments received as at 31 December 2020 were EUR 4,887 million and the 
total used was EUR 3,188 million.  
As at 31 December 2020, Carrefour Banque had the following funding outstanding: 
• 
Nothing drawn from EUR 400 million in the form of credit lines maturing in December 2022; available from 
BNP Paribas Personal Finance S.A., which owns 40% of the shares of Carrefour Banque (approximately 8% of 
the total amount of funding commitments received); 
 
• 
Nothing drawn from EUR 400 million in the form of credit lines maturing in December 2022 from Carrefour, 
which owns 60% of the shares of Carrefour Banque (approximately 8% of the total amount of funding 
commitments received); 
 
• 
Nothing drawn from EUR 825 million available from confirmed banking credit lines (syndicated and bilateral) 
(lignes bancaires confirmées (bilatérales et syndiquée)) (approximately 17% of the total amount of funding 
commitments received), EUR 125 million of the available credit maturing in 2023, and EUR 50 million of the 
available credit maturing in 2024 and EUR 550 million of the available credit maturing in 2025 (pursuant to a 
syndicated loan agreement from 2021);  
 
• 
EUR 113 million drawn from EUR 113 million available from Neu CPs (approximately 2% of the total amount 
of funding commitments received); 
 
• 
EUR 723 million drawn from EUR 723 million available from Neu MTNs (approximately 15% of the total 
amount of funding commitments received); 
 
• 
EUR 360 million drawn from EUR 360 million available from TLTRO (approximately 7% of the total amount 
of funding commitments received); 
 
• 
EUR 75 million is available and undrawn from overnight facilities (jour le jour) (approximately 1% of the total 
amount of funding commitments received). EUR 184 million has been lent by Carrefour Banque to other 
institutions pursuant to overnight facilities (jour le jour);  
 
• 
EUR 322 million available from savings account deposits (compte sur livret and current account C-Zam) 
(approximately 7% of the total amount of funding commitments received); 
 
• 
EUR 1,300 million in aggregate drawn and outstanding from Eurobond issues rated "BBB+" by Standard & 
Poor’s, consisting of, EUR 500 million maturing in 2021 with a floating rate, EUR 400 million maturing in 2022 
with a floating rate and EUR 400 million maturing in 2023 with a floating rate (approximately 27% of the total 
amount of funding commitments received); and

--- Page 69 ---
- 63- 
 
 
 
• 
EUR 370 million drawn from EUR 370 million available from the FCT MCCP issuance in October 2019 of 
AAA rated bonds to be redeemed on 25 June 2029 (approximately 8% of the total amount of funding 
commitments received). 
One series of notes is outstanding as at the date of the Base Prospectus, issued in May 2017 the principal amount 
initially issued being EUR 492.2 million, of which EUR 370 million was in the form of senior securities. 
MCCP is not a legal subsidiary of Carrefour Banque but a securitisation vehicle which is a separate legal entity.  
As at 31 December 2020, Carrefour Banque’s schedule of debt repayment (excluding negotiable instruments and 
savings accounts) is 8.0% to be repaid in 2020, 30.7% to be repaid in 2021, 37.9% to be repaid in 2022, 11% to be 
repaid in 2023, 1% to be repaid in 2024 and 11.3% to be repaid in 2025.  
Financial Covenants in Carrefour Banque’s Syndicated Loan Agreements  
The following are extracts from the financial covenants in Carrefour Banque’s loan agreements (syndicated and 
bilateral), including its syndicated loan agreement from July 2019 as renegotiated on 6 October 2021. The defined 
terms used in these extracts are set out in such loan agreements: 
1. 
"We confirm that: 
(a) 
as at the date at which the Consolidated Annual Financial Statements provided with this 
Compliance Certificate are drawn up the European solvency ratio of the Borrower is equal to []; 
and 
(b) 
as at the date at which the Consolidated Annual Financial Statements and the annual financial 
statements of the Subsidiaries of the Borrower having credit activities only are drawn up (in respect 
of (i) below) or as at the date of the Consolidated Annual Financial Statements (in respect of (ii) 
below) provided with this Compliance Certificate and the date of this Compliance Certificate: 
(i) 
the sum of (i) the aggregate amount of outstanding Client Receivables, and (ii) the 
aggregate amount of outstanding of Loans Receivables, is greater than or equal to [] 
([]), such undertaking to be tested by reference to (A) the Consolidated Annual Financial 
Statements, or (B) the consolidated semi-annual financial statements of the Borrower, and  
(ii) 
[X / Y] ≥ 1. 
For the purposes of this paragraph (ii), we set out below calculations establishing the 
above ratio: 
X means the sum of: 
(A) 
the amount of loans granted to and receivables against credit institutions (Prêts 
et créances sur établissement de crédit et assimilés au coût amorti), as such 
amount appears in the Financial Statements as a balance sheet asset under the 
line "Loans" (Prêts) only, and excluding for the avoidance of doubt the amount 
corresponding to current accounts (comptes à vue), and  
(B) 
the amount of loans granted to and receivables against clients (Prêts et créances 
sur la clientèle au coût amorti), as such amount appears in the Financial 
Statements as a balance sheet asset;  
(C) 
the amount of financial client receivables, as such amount is shown on the line 
"Prêts et créances sur la clientèle financière"; 
 
Y means the net financial debt, equal to the aggregate of:

--- Page 70 ---
- 64- 
 
 
(A) 
the amount owed to credit institutions (Dettes envers les établissements de credit 
et assimilés), as such amount appears in the Financial Statements as a balance 
sheet liability, plus 
(B) 
the amount of debt securities (Dettes représentées par un titre), as such amount 
appears in the Financial Statements as a balance sheet liability, plus 
(C) 
the amount of ordinary accounts in credit (Comptes ordinaires créditeurs), as 
such amount appears in the Financial Statements as a balance sheet liability, less 
(D) 
the amount of cash accounts, accounts with central banks, and post office 
accounts (Caisse, banque centrales CCP), as such amount appears in the 
Financial Statements as a balance sheet asset, less 
(E) 
the amount of loans granted to and receivables against credit institutions (Prêts 
et créances sur établissement de crédit et assimilés au coût amorti), as such 
amount appears in the Financial Statements as a balance sheet asset under the 
line "Current accounts" (comptes à vue) only, and excluding for the avoidance 
of doubt the amount corresponding to loans (Prêts), 
 
it being specified that the ratios and accounting terms set out in paragraphs (a), (b) and (c) above have 
been determined on the basis of accounting methods current as at 11 July 2019, and that should these 
accounting methods be modified, the elements on which these ratios and accounting terms are calculated 
must be determined, for the purpose of this paragraph, on the basis of the accounting methods current as 
at the date of the modification." 
 
Capital Adequacy 
The European solvency ratio of Carrefour Banque (Basel III) stood at 19.01% as at 31 December 2020. 100% of 
Carrefour Banque’s regulatory capital qualifies as common equity Tier 1 capital as of the date of this Base Prospectus. 
Risk Management  
Carrefour Banque has categorised its risk as follows: 
• 
Granting Credit - Before Carrefour Banque grants credit, it conducts searches on a future customer’s 
solvency by way of "credit scoring", a proprietary expert system provided by BNP Paribas Personal Finance 
S.A. that analyses customer profiles. Carrefour Banque will also conduct searches on a future customer’s 
paychecks and identification. In order to cover the risk of a future customer’s inability to repay credit, 
Carrefour Banque offers its customers life insurance/unemployment insurance at the outset, to which 73% 
of its customers subscribe.  
• 
Debt Recovery - If a Carrefour Banque customer runs into difficulty repaying his debt, Carrefour Banque 
will commence its debt recovery procedure. For the first missed repayment, Carrefour Banque will 
automatically send a letter to its customer notifying the customer of such missed repayment. For the second 
missed repayment, Carrefour Banque will notify its debt recovery team and request that they contact the 
customer via telephone to discuss repayment options. If after six months the customer has not resolved the 
missed payments, a default is triggered on the credit and Carrefour Banque will commence legal 
proceedings against the customer via its legal team (Neuilly Contentieux, Contentia and Nemo) which is 
shared with BNP Paribas Personal Finance S.A.  
• 
General Risk Analysis – For each customer to whom it grants credit, Carrefour Banque will constantly 
monitor the repayments made in order to ascertain if such customer’s profile is sound.  
Carrefour Banque’s risk committee seeks to balance the overall business strategy of Carrefour Banque with the level 
of risk Carrefour Banque is prepared to take. The risk committee aims to identify and categorise risks and ensure that 
policies and procedures are implemented to control such risks. The committee analyses possible economic trends

--- Page 71 ---
- 65- 
 
 
and risks and considers the potential impact on business. This committee is chaired by the Finance Director. There 
is also a separate risk committee which is partnered with BNP Paribas Personal Finance S.A.  
Interest rate risk is reduced according to the following prudential approach, with the main aim being to protect the 
financial margin against a variation in interest rates: 
• 
Personal loan coverage: Personal loans are in the form of fixed rate loans, the interest rates are calculated 
at a fixed rate for the duration of the loan and Carrefour Banque has interest rate swaps in place in order to 
maintain the financial margin during the course of the loan.  
• 
Revolving coverage: each month Carrefour Banque calculates its interest rate costs on the total amount of 
credit outstanding, its rate expectations for the months ahead and Carrefour Banque’s ability to charge back 
any rate increases to its customers. The minimum percentage of Carrefour Banque’s interest rate coverage 
is contained in Carrefour Banque’s financial charter. 
There are three main committees that exist to deal with liquidity and interest rate risk: (i) the risk committee held 
with Carrefour, (ii) a G4 committee which meets 3 times a year and (iii) a monthly treasury committee at Carrefour 
Banque. The aim of these committees is to discuss the management of liquidity risk, interest rate risk, counterparty 
risk and cash flow management.  
Carrefour Banque has put in place a new provisioning system which is inspired by the best market practice following 
recent evolutions in the regulation governing over-indebtedness in France. The system should now be more robust 
in the years to come. 
BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND MANAGEMENT OF THE ISSUER 
The Issuer is managed by a board of directors (Conseil d’administration) and an executive committee (Comité de 
direction). 
The board has overall responsibility for the management of the business and acts as the main decision making forum 
for the Issuer. It sets strategic aims for the business, within a framework of prudent and effective controls, which 
enables risk to be assessed and managed.  
Board of directors as at the date of this Base Prospectus  
HOLDER OF THE 
MANDATE 
COMPANY 
NATURE OF THE 
MANDATE 
ROLE  
Benjamin DUBERTRET 
Chairman of the Board of 
Directors 
and Director   
Carrefour Banque (SA) 
Chairman of the Board of 
Directors and Director 
Director of Financial 
and Market Services, 
France and Group, 
Carrefour 
Carrefour Banque (SA) 
Member of the Risks 
Committee  
Carrefour Banque (SA) 
Member and Chairman of 
the Audit Committee 
Carrefour Banque (SA) 
Member of the 
Remuneration Committee 
Carrefour Banque (SA) 
Member and Chairman of 
the Nomination 
Committee 
Carma (SA) 
Chairman of the Board of 
Directors and Director 
Carmavie (SA) 
Chairman of the Board of 
Directors and Director 
Groupe CARMA 
(Carma / Carmavie) 
Member and Chairman of 
the Risks, Audit and 
Compliance Committee 
Carma (SA) 
Member and Chairman of 
the Remuneration 
Committee 
FIMASER (Belgium) 
Chairman of the Board of 
Directors and Director

--- Page 72 ---
- 66- 
 
 
Banco CSF S.A. 
(Brazil) 
Director 
 
Servicios Financieros 
Carrefour EFC S.A 
(Spain) 
Director 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Bruno LEBON   
Director  
Carrefour Banque (SA)  Director 
Director of 
Hypermarkets, 
France, Carrefour 
Carrefour Banque (SA)  Member of the Risks 
Committee 
Carrefour Banque (SA)  
Member and Chairman of 
the Remuneration 
Committee 
Carrefour Banque (SA)  Member of the 
Nomination Committee 
Carrefour 
Hypermarchés (SAS) 
Chairman 
Société des Nouveaux 
Hypermarchés - SDNH 
(SAS) 
Chairman 
Lalaudis (SA) 
Permanent representative 
of the company Carrefour 
hypermarchés on the 
Board of Directors 
PROVENCIA (SAS) 
Permanent representative 
of the company Carrefour 
Franceau on the 
Management Board 
Société des 
Hypermarchés de la 
Vézère (SAS) 
CEO and member of the 
Management Board 
Vézère Distribution 
(SAS) 
CEO 
 
 
 
 
Elodie PERTHUISOT 
Director 
Carrefour Banque (SA)  Director 
Executive Director 
E-commerce, 
 data and digital 
transformation, 
France and Group, 
Carrefour   
Carrefour Banque (SA)  Member of the Audit 
Committee 
Carmila (SA) 
Director 
Carrefour Omnicanal 
(SAS) 
Chair 
Carrefour Régie 
Publicitaire (SAS) 
Chair 
Bringo International 
(SAS) 
Chair 
Carrefour Drive (SNC) 
Manager

--- Page 73 ---
- 67- 
 
 
 
BNP Paribas Personal 
Finance 
Director  
 
Carrefour Banque (SA)  Director 
–   
Cetelem Algérie 
Director 
Genius 
Director 
SOLFINEA 
Director 
GIE Neuilly 
Contentieux 
Member 
Tillia 
Chairman 
 
Michel FALVERT 
Permanent representative of 
BNP Paribas Personal Finance 
Carrefour Banque (SA)  
Permanent representative 
of BNP Paribas Personal 
Finance, director 
Head of the major 
partnerships 
department  
and member of the 
executive 
committee, BNP 
PARIBAS 
Carrefour Banque (SA)  Member and Chairman of 
the Risks Committee 
Carrefour Banque (SA)  Member of the Audit 
Committee 
Carrefour Banque (SA)  Member of the 
Nomination Committee 
Carrefour Banque (SA)  Member of the 
Remuneration Committee 
AXA Banque 
Financement  
Director 
Domofinance  
Director 
Opel Bank  
Director 
Opel Bank  
Member of the 
Remuneration Committee 
Opel Bank  
Member and Chairman of 
the Audit Committee 
Opel Bank  
Member of the 
Nomination Committee  
Opel Bank  
Member of the Risks 
Committee 
iQera Services (ex-
Effico) 
Member of the 
Supervisory Board 
UCI (SA) (Spain) 
Director 
UNION DE 
CREDITOS 
IMMOBILIARIOS - 
UCI EFC (SA) (Spain) 
Director 
Servicios Financieros 
Carrefour, E.F.C., S.A. 
(Spain) 
Director

--- Page 74 ---
- 68- 
 
 
 
Christel MATRAT 
Director  
 
Carrefour Banque (SA)  Director 
 
Director of Recovery 
(Recouvrement) 
France  
and member of the 
Management Board 
France, BNP 
PARIBAS 
PERSONAL 
FINANCE  
 
Cosimo 
Chair 
Corelim 
Co-manager 
 
The role of the Executive Committee is to ensure the day to day management of the Issuer and to put into effect 
operationally the strategy approved by the Board of directors.  
Executive Committee as at the date of this Base Prospectus  
Orli HAZAN  
CEO of Carrefour Banque and Insurance  
Antoine DELAUTRE  
Deputy CEO, Head of Administration and Finance  
Franck OURADOU  
Deputy CEO, Head of Risk and Internal Control Coordination  
Gaëlle YON  
Head of Human Resources  
Marcus SCHOMAKERS  
Head of Information Systems  
Jérôme de BELSUNCE 
 
Head of Marketing, Customers' Satisfaction and Digital (Directeur 
Marketing, Satisfaction Clients et Digital)  
 
Christophe LAUTE 
Head of Operations and Transformations (Directeur des Opérations et 
Transformations) 
 
The business address of the Board of Directors and Executive Committee is: 9-13 avenue du Lac - 91 080 
Courcouronnes Cedex, France. France. The Issuer is not aware of any potential conflicts of interest between the 
duties of the persons listed above and their private interests or other duties.  
STATUTORY AUDITORS 
Principal auditors: 
Deloitte & Associés  
185, Avenue Charles de Gaulle 
92524 NEUILLY-SUR-SEINE CEDEX 
France 
 
Represented by Jean-Vincent COUSTEL 
 
Mazars (as from 01/01/2021) 
Tour Exaltis 
61 rue Henri Regnault 
La Défense 
92400 Courbevoie 
France 
 
Represented by Anne VEAUTE

--- Page 75 ---
- 69- 
 
 
KPMG AUDIT (up to 31/12/2020) 
A department of KPMG S.A. 
Tour EQHO 
2 avenue Gambetta 
CS 60055 
92066 PARIS LA DEFENSE CEDEX 
France 
 
Represented by Fabrice ODENT 
 
Substitute auditors: 
BEAS 
7-9, Villa Houssay 
92524 NEUILLY SUR SEINE CEDEX 
France

--- Page 76 ---
- 70- 
 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS  
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the European Economic Area (the "EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who 
is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended, "EU MiFID II"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, as amended, 
where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID 
II. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the 
"EU PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the EEA may be unlawful under the EU PRIIPs Regulation. 
 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: 
(i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning 
of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the "FSMA") and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) 
No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the United Kingdom has 
been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
 
[EU MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPs ONLY 
TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the 
target market assessment in respect of the Notes taking into account the five (5) categories referred to in item 
18 of the Guidelines on published by the European Securities and Markets Authority ("ESMA") on 5 February 
2018 has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes are eligible counterparties and 
professional clients only, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "EU MiFID II"); and (ii) all 
channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any 
person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into 
consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to EU MiFID II 
is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or 
refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.]2
 
 
[UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET ASSESSMENT – Solely for the purposes 
of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes, 
taking into account the five categories referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines published by ESMA on 5 
February 2018 (in accordance with the FCA’s policy statement entitled “Brexit our approach to EU non-
legislative materials”), has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties, 
as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook ("COBS"), and professional clients, as 
defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA ("UK 
MiFIR"); and (ii) all channels for distribution to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. 
Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the notes (a "distributor") should take into 
consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA 
Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance 
Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either 
adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels.] 
 
2 Legend to be included following completion of the target assessment in respect of the Notes, taking into account the five categories referred to 
in item 18 of the Guidelines published by ESMA on 5 February 2018.

--- Page 77 ---
- 71- 
 
 
Final Terms dated [●] 
Carrefour Banque  
 
[Logo, if document is printed] 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the €[●],000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 969500GVS02SJYG9S632. 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in the Base 
Prospectus dated 5 November 2021 which received approval no. 21-474 from the Autorité des marchés 
financiers (the "AMF") on 5 November 2021 [and the supplement to the Base Prospectus dated [●]] which 
[together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017 (as may be amended from time to time, the "EU Prospectus 
Regulation"). This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of 
Article 8 of the EU Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with such Base Prospectus [as so 
supplemented]. Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the 
combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus [as so supplemented]. The Base Prospectus [, the 
supplement[s] to the Base Prospectus] and the Final Terms are available for viewing on the websites of (a) the 
Autorité des marchés financiers (www.amf-france.org) and (b) the Issuer (www.carrefour-banque.fr/societe)and 
copies may be obtained free of charge from the Issuer, Parc du Bois Briard, 9-13 avenue du lac - 91 000 Evry-
Courcouronnes, France. 
[The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was issued 
under a Base Prospectus with an earlier date.  
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the [2017/2019/2020] Conditions 
(the "Conditions") set forth in the Base Prospectus dated [30 June 2017/3 May 2019/ 29 June 2020] which 
received visa [17-314/19-183/20-288] from the Autorité des marchés financiers (the "AMF") in France on [30 
June 2017/3 May 2019/29 June 2020]. This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein 
for the purposes of Article 8 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 
14 June 2017 (as may be amended from time to time, the "EU Prospectus Regulation") and must be read in 
conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated 5 November 2021 which received approval no. 21-474 from the 
AMF on 5 November 2021 [and the supplement to the Base Prospectus dated [•] which received approval no.[•] 
from the AMF on [•]], which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the EU Prospectus 
Regulation, save in respect of the [2017/2019/2020] Conditions. Full information on the Issuer and the offer of 
the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms, the [2017/2019/2020] 
Conditions and the Base Prospectus dated 5 November 2021 [and the supplement to the Base Prospectus dated 
[•] which received approval no.[•] from the AMF on [•]]. The Base Prospectus [and the supplement to the Base 
Prospectus] [is] [are] available for viewing on the websites of (a) the Autorité des marchés financiers 
(www.amf-france.org) and (b) the Issuer (www.carrefour-banque.fr/societe) and copies may be obtained free of 
charge from the Issuer, Parc du Bois Briard, 9-13 avenue du lac - 91 000 Evry-Courcouronnes, France ]] 
1. 
(i) Series Number: 
[●] 
(ii) Tranche Number: 
[●] 
(iii) Date on which the Notes 
become fungible: 
[Not Applicable/ The Notes shall be consolidated, form a single series 
and be interchangeable for trading purposes with the existing [insert 
issue amount] Notes due [insert maturity date] issued by the Issuer on 
[insert issue date]/the Issue Date] [as from the date of assimilation 
which is expected to be on or about 40 days after the Issue Date (the 
"Assimilation Date") of this Tranche]/[as from the Issue Date of this 
Tranche]. (this item applies to fungible issues only)

--- Page 78 ---
- 72- 
 
 
2. 
Specified Currency: 
[●] 
3. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount of 
Notes admitted to trading: 
[●] 
(i) Series: 
[●] 
(ii) Tranche: 
[●] 
4. 
Issue Price: 
[●] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [of the Tranche plus 
an amount corresponding to accrued interest at a rate of [●] per cent. 
of such Aggregate Nominal Amount for the period from, and 
including, the Interest Commencement Date to, but excluding, the 
Issue Date (if applicable)] 
5. 
Specified Denomination: 
[●]  
6. 
(i) Issue Date: 
[●] 
(ii) Interest Commencement Date: 
[●] 
7. 
Maturity Date: 
[Specify date or (for Floating Rate Notes) Interest Payment Date 
falling in or nearest to the relevant month and year] 
8. 
Interest Basis: 
[[●] 
per 
cent. 
Fixed 
Rate] 
[[Specify reference rate] +/– [●] per cent. Floating Rate] 
[Zero Coupon] / [Fixed/Floating Rate] 
9. 
Redemption/Payment Basis 
[Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early redemption, the 
Notes will be redeemed on the Maturity Date at 100 per cent. of their 
outstanding nominal amount.] 
[Instalments]  
10. Change of Interest Basis: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[Specify the date when any fixed to floating rate change occurs or 
refer to paragraphs 13 and 14 below and identify there] 
11. Put/Call Options: 
 
[Call Option] 
[Redemption of Residual Outstanding Notes at the Option of the 
Issuer] 
[Make-Whole Redemption by the Issuer] 
[Put Option] 
Change of Control Put Option 
[(further particulars specified below)] 
12. [Date of Board approval for 
issuance of Notes obtained: 
[●] [and [●], respectively]]

--- Page 79 ---
- 73- 
 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
13. Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
(Condition 5(a)) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
(i) 
Rate[s] of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each Interest Payment 
Date. 
(ii) Interest Payment Date[s]: 
[●] in each year  
(iii) Fixed Coupon Amount[s]: 
[●] per Specified Denomination 
(iv) Broken Amount[s]: 
[●] per Specified Denomination, payable on the Interest Payment 
Date falling [in/on] [●] [Not Applicable] 
(v) Day Count Fraction 
(Condition 5(i)): 
[Actual/Actual] 
[Actual/Actual – ISDA] 
[Actual/365 (FBF)]  
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual- Actual (FBF)] 
[Actual/360] 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
[30/360], [360/360] or [Bond Basis] 
[30E/360] or [Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360 (FBF)] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
[Actual/Actual-ICMA] 
[Not applicable] 
(vi) 
Determination Dates 
(Condition 5(i)): 
[[●] in each year (Insert regular interest payment dates, ignoring issue 
date or maturity date in the case of a long or short first or last coupon. 
N.B. only relevant where Day Count Fraction is Actual/Actual 
(ICMA))/Not Applicable] 
14. Floating Rate Note Provisions 
(Condition 5(b)) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Interest Period[s]: 
[●] 
(ii) Specified Interest Payment 
Dates: 
[[●] in each year[, subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
Business Day Convention set out in (iv) below] / [not subject to any 
adjustment] 
(iii) First Interest Period Date: 
[●]

--- Page 80 ---
- 74- 
 
 
(iv) Business Day Convention 
(Condition 5(b)): 
[Floating Rate Business Day Convention/ Following Business Day 
Convention/ Modified Following Business Day Convention/ 
Preceding Business Day Convention]  
(v) Business Centre[s] 
(Condition 5(i)): 
[●] (Note that this item relates to interest period end dates and not to 
the date and place of payments to which item 22 relates) 
(vi) Manner in which the Rate[s] 
of Interest is/are to be 
determined: 
[ISDA 
Determination/FBF 
Determination/Screen 
Rate 
Determination] 
 
(vii) Interest Period Dates: 
[Not applicable/Specify dates] 
(viii) Party responsible for 
calculating the Rate[s] of 
Interest and Interest 
Amount[s] (if not the 
Calculation Agent): 
[●] 
(ix) ISDA Determination: 
 
–  ISDA Definitions 
 
Floating Rate Option: 
[2006 ISDA Definitions]/[2021 ISDA Definitions] 
[●] 
– Designated Maturity: 
[●] 
– Reset Date: 
[●] 
(x)    FBF Determination: 
 
         – Floating Rate: 
[●] 
         – Floating Rate 
Determination Date (Date 
de Détermination du Taux 
Variable): 
[●] 
– FBF Definitions (if 
different from those set out 
in the Conditions) 
 
(xi) Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
– Reference Rate: 
[●] (specify Benchmark [EURIBOR, CMS Rate] and months, e.g. 
EURIBOR 3 months) 
– Relevant Financial Centre: 
[●]   
– Interest Determination 
Date: 
[●]   
– Relevant Screen Page: 
 
 
 
[●]   
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters EURIBOR01 ensure it is a 
page which shows a composite rate)

--- Page 81 ---
- 75- 
 
 
– Relevant Screen Page 
Time: 
 
– Relevant Inter-Bank 
Market: 
[11:00 a.m. (Brussels time) (in the case of EURIBOR)] [OTHER] 
[EURO-zone inter-bank market (in the case of EURIBOR)] [OTHER] 
(xii)   Linear Interpolation 
[Not Applicable/Applicable – the Rate of Interest for the [long/short] 
[first/last] Interest Period shall be calculated using Linear 
Interpolation (specify for each short or long interest period)] 
– Applicable Maturity: 
[●] 
(xiii) Margin[s]: 
[+/-][ ] per cent. per annum 
(xv) Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[Zero / [●]] per cent. per annum 
(xv) Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[[●] per cent. per annum/Not Applicable] 
(xvi) Day Count Fraction 
(Condition 5(i)): 
[Actual/Actual] 
[Actual/Actual – ISDA] 
[Actual-365 (FBF)] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/Actual (FBF)] 
[Actual/360] 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
[30/360], [360/360] or [Bond Basis] 
[30E/360] or [Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360 (FBF)] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
[Actual/Actual-ICMA] 
15. Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
(Conditions 5(c) and 6(i)) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
(i)    Amortisation Yield: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
(ii)   Day Count Fraction in relation 
to Early Redemption: 
[Actual/Actual] 
[Actual/Actual – ISDA] 
[Actual-365 (FBF)] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/Actual (FBF)] 
[Actual/360]

--- Page 82 ---
- 76- 
 
 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
[30/360], [360/360] or [Bond Basis] 
[30E/360] or [Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360 (FBF)] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
[Actual/Actual-ICMA] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
16. Call Option (Condition 6(d)) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Optional Redemption 
Date[s]: 
[●]/[at any time, no earlier than three (3) months before the Maturity 
Date] 
(ii) Optional Redemption 
Amount[s] of each Note: 
[[●] per Specified Denomination]/[Condition 6(b) applies] 
(iii) If redeemable in part: 
 
(a) Minimum Redemption 
Amount: 
[●] per Specified Denomination 
(b) Maximum Redemption 
Amount: 
[●] per Specified Denomination 
(iv) Notice period: 
[●] [Not Applicable] 
17. Redemption of Residual 
Outstanding Notes at the Option 
of the Issuer (Condition 6(e)) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraph of this 
paragraph) 
(i) 
Notice period: 
[As per Conditions] /[not less than [●] days nor more than [●] days] 
18. Make-Whole Redemption by the 
Issuer (Condition 6(f)) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
(i)  Make-Whole Redemption 
Amount[s] of each Note: 
[●] 
(ii) Reference Security: 
[●] 
(iii) Reference Dealers: 
[●] 
(iv) Redemption Margin: 
[●] 
19. Put Option (Condition 6(g)) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 (i) Optional Redemption 
Date[s]: 
[●]

--- Page 83 ---
- 77- 
 
 
(ii) Optional Redemption 
Amount[s] of each Note: 
[[●] per Specified Denomination]/[Condition 6(b) applies] 
(iii) Notice period: 
[●] 
20. Early Redemption Amount 
 
Early Redemption Amount[s] per 
Specified Denomination payable 
on redemption for taxation reasons 
(Condition 6(c)) or on event of 
default (Condition 10): 
[As per Condition 6(b)] /[[●] per Notes of [●] Specified 
Denomination]3 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
21. Form of Notes: 
 
[Dematerialised Notes/Materialised Notes] (Materialised Notes are 
only in bearer form) [Delete as appropriate] 
 
(i) Form of Dematerialised Notes: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If applicable, specify whether bearer 
dematerialised form (au porteur) / registered dematerialised form (au 
nominatif administré) / fully registered dematerialised form (au 
nominatif pur)) 
 
(ii) Registration Agent: 
[Not Applicable/If Applicable, give name and details] (Note that a 
Registration Agent may be appointed in relation to Dematerialised 
Notes in fully registered form (au nominatif pur) only) 
 
(iii) Temporary Global Certificate: 
[Not Applicable/Temporary Global Certificate exchangeable for 
Definitive Materialised Notes on [●] (the "Exchange Date"), being 40 
calendar days after the Issue Date subject to postponement as provided 
in the Temporary Global Certificate] 
 
(iv) Applicable TEFRA exemption: 
[C Rules/D Rules/Not Applicable] (Only applicable to Materialised 
Notes) 
22. Identification information of 
Noteholders (Condition 1(a)) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
23. Financial Centre[s] (Condition 
7(h)): 
[Not Applicable/give details] (Note that this item refers to the date and 
place of payment and not interest period end dates to which item 14(v) 
relates) 
24. Talons for future Coupons to be 
attached to Definitive Materialised 
Notes (and dates on which such 
Talons mature): 
[Yes: date of maturity]/[No] 
25. Details relating to Instalment 
Notes (Condition 6(a)):  
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
 
(i) Instalment Amount[s]: 
[●] 
 
(ii) Instalment Date[s]: 
[●] 
 
(iii) Minimum Instalment 
Amount: 
[●] 
 
3 If the Notes are Zero Coupon Notes Condition 6(b) shall apply.

--- Page 84 ---
- 78- 
 
 
 
(iv) Maximum Instalment           
Amount: 
[●] 
26. Representation of holder of 
Notes/Masse 
Condition 11 applies. 
Name and address of the Representative: [●] 
[Name and address of the alternate Representative: [●]] 
[The Representative will be entitled to a remuneration of [●] per 
year/The Representative will not be entitled to a remuneration] 
[If the Notes are held by a sole Noteholder, insert the wording below: 
As long as the Notes are held by a sole Noteholder, it shall exercise 
all rights and obligations assigned by law to the Representative and 
the general meeting of the Noteholders. A Representative will be 
appointed by the Issuer as soon as the Notes are held by several 
Noteholders.] 
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
 
[[●] has been extracted from [●]. The Issuer confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced and 
that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information published by [●], no facts have been omitted 
which would render the reproduced inaccurate or misleading.]  
 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
 
By: ............................................ 
Duly authorised

--- Page 85 ---
- 79- 
 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
 
1 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
(i) Listing and Admission to trading4: 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) for 
the Notes issued to be listed and admitted to trading on 
[Euronext Paris] [other] with effect from [●].]   
 
(ii) Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission to trading: 
 
[●]   
2 
RATINGS 
Ratings5: 
[Not Applicable] 
 
[The Notes to be issued [are expected to be/have been] rated:  
 
[S & P: [●]] 
 
[[Other]: [●]] 
 
Insert one (or more) of the following options, as applicable: 
 
[[Insert credit rating agency/ies] [is/are] established in the 
European Union and [has/have each] applied for registration 
under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as amended by 
Regulation (EC) No 513/2011 (the "EU CRA Regulation"), 
although notification of the corresponding registration 
decision has not yet been provided by the relevant competent 
authority.]6 
 
[[Insert credit rating agency/ies] [is/are] established in the 
European Union and registered under Regulation (EC) No 
1060/2009 as amended by Regulation (EC) No 513/2011 (the 
"EU CRA Regulation"). As such [●] [is/are] included in the 
list of credit rating agencies published by the European 
Securities and Markets Authority on its website in accordance 
with the CRA Regulation.]  
 
[[Insert credit rating agency/ies] [is/are] not established in the 
European Union and [has/have] not applied for registration 
under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as amended by 
Regulation 
(EC) 
No 
513/2011 
(the 
"EU 
CRA 
Regulation")[.][, but is endorsed by [insert credit rating 
agency] which is established in the European Union, 
registered under the EU CRA Regulation and is included in 
the list of credit rating agencies registered in accordance with 
the EU CRA Regulation published on the European Securities 
and 
Markets 
Authority's 
website 
 
4 
Where documenting a fungible issue need to indicate that original securities are already admitted to trading.    
5 
This disclosure should reflect the rating allocated to Notes of the type being issued under the Programme generally or, where the issue has 
been specifically rated, this rating.    
6 
It is important to liaise with the Issuer and/or the relevant credit rating agencies to determine (i) the specific legal entity which will issue the 
credit ratings and (ii) the status of any application which has been made to the relevant competent authority by that entity. It is recommended 
that these enquiries are made at an early stage to allow sufficient time for the information to be obtained.

--- Page 86 ---
- 80- 
 
 
(https://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-and-
certified-CRAs)]  
 
[[Insert credit rating agency/ies] [is/are] established in the 
UK and registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it 
forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue 
of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK 
CRA Regulation").]  
 
[[Insert credit rating agency] has been certified under 
Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic 
law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA Regulation").]  
 
[[Insert credit rating agency/ies] has not been certified under 
(EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of the 
United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA Regulation") and the 
rating it has given to the Notes is not endorsed by a credit 
rating agency established in the UK and registered under the 
UK CRA Regulation.]"  
 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating allocated to 
Notes of the type being issued under the Programme generally 
or, where the issue has been specifically rated, that rating.)] 
 
[Include a brief explanation of the meaning of the rating, e.g.: 
According to S&P's rating system, an obligor rated 'BBB' has 
adequate capacity to meet its financial commitments. 
However, adverse economic conditions or changing 
circumstances are more likely to lead to a weakened capacity 
of the obligor to meet its financial commitments. The addition 
of pluses and minuses provides further distinctions within the 
ratings range.]  
 
 
3 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE [ISSUE/OFFER] 
[Not Applicable] 
(Need to include a description of any interest, including a conflict of interests, that is material to the issue/offer, 
detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by the inclusion of the following 
statement:7) 
"Save as discussed for any fees payable to the Managers and Dealers, so far as the Issuer is aware, no person 
involved in the offer of the Notes has an interest material to the offer. The Managers and Dealers and their 
affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or commercial banking 
transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of 
business."] (Amend as appropriate if there are other interests) 
4 
USE OF PROCEEDS AND ESTIMATED NET AMOUNT OF THE PROCEEDS 
Use of proceeds: 
[The net proceeds from the issue of the Notes will be used for the Issuer's general 
corporate purposes.]/[●] 
 
 
7 
When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters described constitute "significant new factors" 
and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to the Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus under Article 23 of the EU Prospectus 
Regulation.

--- Page 87 ---
- 81- 
 
 
 
(See "Use of Proceeds" wording in the Base Prospectus – if reasons for offer differ 
from making profit and/or hedging certain risks, will need to include those reasons 
here) 
 
Estimated net amount of the proceeds: 
[●] 
 
5 
[Fixed Rate Notes only – YIELD 
Indication of yield: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis of the 
Issue Price. It is not an indication of future yield. 
 
6 
[FLOATING RATE NOTES ONLY – HISTORIC INTEREST RATES 
Details of historical [●] rates can be obtained from [●].] 
7 
[NOTES LINKED TO A BENCHMARK ONLY – BENCHMARK 
[Amounts payable under the Notes will be calculated by reference to [●] which is provided by [●]. As at [●],[●] 
[appears/does not appear] on the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by [the 
European Securities and Markets Authority pursuant to Article 36 of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (as amended, 
the "EU Benchmarks Regulation").]/[the Financial Conduct Authority in the United Kingdom pursuant to 
Article 36 of the EU Benchmarks Regulation as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA.] [As 
far as the Issuer is aware the transitional provisions in Article 51 of the EU Benchmarks Regulation apply, such 
that [•] is not currently required to obtain authorisation or registration (or, if located outside the European Union, 
recognition, endorsement or equivalence).]/[ On [•], [•] appears in the register of administrators and benchmarks 
established and maintained by the Financial Conduct Authority in the United Kingdom.]/ [Not Applicable]] 
 
8 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
 
(i) ISIN: 
[●] [until the Exchange Date, [●] thereafter] 
(ii) Common Code: 
[●] [until the Exchange Date, [●] thereafter] 
(iii) Any clearing system[s] other than 
Euroclear France, Euroclear Bank 
SA/NV and Clearstream Banking S.A. 
and the relevant identification 
number[s]: 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s) [ and 
address(es)]] 
(iv) Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
(v) Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent[s] (if any): 
[●] 
 
9 
DISTRIBUTION 
(i) Method of distribution 
(ii) If syndicated, names of Managers and 
underwriting commitments: 
[syndicated/non-syndicated] 
[Not Applicable/give names and underwriting 
commitments] 
 
(Include 
names 
of 
entities 
agreeing 
to 
underwrite the issue on a firm commitment basis 
and names and addresses of the entities agreeing 
to place the issue without a firm commitment or 
on a "best efforts" basis if such entities are not 
the same as the Managers.) 
(iii) Date of [Subscription] Agreement: 
[●]

--- Page 88 ---
- 82- 
 
 
(iv) Stabilising Manager[s] (if any): 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(v) If non-syndicated, name and address of Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name and address] 
(vi) Applicable TEFRA Category: 
[TEFRA 
C 
applies 
to 
the 
Materialised 
Notes/TEFRA D applies to the Materialised 
Notes/TEFRA not applicable to Dematerialised 
Notes]

--- Page 89 ---
- 83- 
 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Subject to the terms and on the conditions contained in an amended and restated dealer agreement dated 5 November 
2021 (the "Dealer Agreement") between the Issuer and Société Générale as Arranger and Permanent Dealer, the 
Notes will be offered on a continuous basis by the Issuer to the Permanent Dealer. However, the Issuer has reserved 
the right to sell Notes directly on its own behalf to Dealers that are not Permanent Dealers. The Notes may be resold 
at prevailing market prices, or at prices related thereto, at the time of such resale, as determined by the relevant 
Dealer.  
The Issuer has agreed to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities in connection with the offer and sale of the 
Notes. The Dealer Agreement entitles the Dealers to terminate any agreement that they make to subscribe Notes in 
certain circumstances prior to payment for such Notes being made to the Issuer. 
General restrictions 
No action has been taken in any jurisdiction that would permit a public offering of any of the Notes, or possession 
or distribution of the Base Prospectus or any other offering material or any Final Terms, in any country or jurisdiction 
where action for that purpose is required. 
The Permanent Dealer has agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that it will, to the best of its knowledge, comply with all relevant laws, regulations and directives 
in each jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or has in its possession or distributes the 
Base Prospectus, any other offering material or any Final Terms and neither the Issuer nor any other Dealer shall 
have responsibility therefor. 
United States  
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and may not be offered or sold within 
the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except pursuant to an exemption from, or in 
certain transactions not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act. The Notes are being offered 
and sold outside the United States in offshore transactions to non-U.S. persons in reliance on Regulation S. Terms 
used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S. 
Materialised Notes will be issued in compliance with U.S. Treas. Reg. §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) or any successor 
regulation issued under the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "I.R. Code"), section 4701(b) that 
contains rules identical to the rules that currently apply under Code section 163(f)(2)(B) (the "D Rules") unless (i) 
the relevant Final Terms states that such Materialised Notes are issued in compliance with U.S. Treas. Reg. §1.163-
5(c)(2)(i)(C) or any successor regulation issued under Code section 4701(b) that contains rules identical to the rules 
that currently apply under Code section 163(f)(2)(B) (the "C Rules") or (ii) such Materialised Notes are issued other 
than in compliance with the D Rules or the C Rules but in circumstances in which the Notes will not constitute 
“registration required obligations” under the United States Tax Equity and Fiscal Responsibility Act of 1982 
("TEFRA"), which circumstances will be referred to in the relevant Final Terms as a transaction to which TEFRA is 
not applicable. TEFRA will not apply to Dematerialised Notes. 
The Dealer has agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree that, except 
as permitted by the Dealer Agreement, it will not offer, sell or, in the case of Materialised Notes, deliver the Notes 
of any identifiable Tranche, (i) as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 calendar days after 
the completion of the distribution of any identifiable Tranche (the "distribution compliance period"), within the 
United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons, and it will have sent to each dealer to which it sells 
Notes during the distribution compliance period a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers 
and sales of the Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Terms used in the 
preceding sentence have the meanings given to them by Regulation S. 
In addition, until (40) calendar days after the commencement of the offering of any identifiable tranche of Notes, an 
offer or sale of Notes within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering of such 
tranche of Notes) may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared by the Issuer for use in connection with the offer and sale of the Notes 
outside the United States. The Issuer and the Dealers reserve the right to reject any offer to purchase the Notes, in 
whole or in part, for any reason. This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to any person in the United States. 
Distribution of this Base Prospectus to any U.S. person or to any other person within the United States, is 
unauthorised and any disclosure without the prior written consent of the Issuer of any of its contents to any such U.S. 
person or other person within the United States, is prohibited.

--- Page 90 ---
- 84- 
 
 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors  
The Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise 
make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed 
by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the EEA.  
 
For the purposes of this provision,  
 
(i) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
 
(a) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II; or 
(b) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify 
as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II; and 
 
(ii) 
the expression "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information 
on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase of 
subscribe the Notes. 
 
Prohibition of Sales to United Kingdom Retail Investors 
 
The Dealer has represented, and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise 
make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed 
by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the United Kingdom. For the purposes of this provision: 
 
(i) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
 
(a) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(b) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made 
under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as 
a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; and 
 
(ii) 
the expression "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information 
on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or 
subscribe the Notes: 
 
Additional United Kingdom Selling Restrictions 
The Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that: 
(i) 
in relation to any Notes having a maturity of less than one year, (a) it is a person whose ordinary activities 
involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the 
purposes of its business and (b) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes other than to 
persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments 
(as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, 
hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses where 
the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of section 19 of the Financial Services 
and Markets Act 2000, as amended (the "FSMA") by the Issuer; 
(ii) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated any invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of section 
21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in circumstances in which 
section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and 
(iii) 
it has complied with and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything 
done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom.

--- Page 91 ---
- 85- 
 
 
France 
The Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that: 
(i) 
it has only offered or sold and will only offer or sell, directly or indirectly, Notes in France to qualified 
investors (investisseurs qualifiés) as defined in Article L.411-2 1° of the French Code monétaire et financier 
and it has only distributed or caused to be distributed and will only distribute or cause to be distributed in 
France to such qualified investors the Base Prospectus, the relevant Final Terms or any other offering material 
relating to the Notes; and 
(ii) 
Materialised Notes may only be issued outside of France. 
Japan  
The Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
acknowledge, that the Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange 
Act of Japan (Law No. 25 of 1948, as amended) (the "Financial Instruments and Exchange Act") and agrees or 
will agree, as the case may be, that it will not, directly or indirectly, offer or sell any Notes in Japan or to, or for the 
benefit of, any resident in Japan (which term as used herein means any person resident in Japan, including any 
corporation or other entity organised under the laws of Japan), or to others for re-offering or resale, directly or 
indirectly, in Japan or to a resident of Japan, except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, 
and otherwise in compliance with, the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act and any other applicable laws, 
regulations and ministerial guidelines of Japan.

--- Page 92 ---
- 86- 
 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
1 
AMF approval and admission to trading of the Notes issued under the Programme 
This Base Prospectus received the approval no. 21-474 on 5 November 2021 from the AMF. The AMF only 
approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency 
imposed by the EU Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the 
Issuer nor as an endorsement of the quality of the Notes which are subject to this Base Prospectus. Investors 
should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes.  
The Base Prospectus, as may be supplemented from time to time, shall be valid for admission to trading of 
Notes on a Regulated Market for twelve (12) months after the approval by the AMF, provided that it is 
completed by one or more supplements, pursuant to Article 23 of the EU Prospectus Regulation, following the 
occurrence of a significant new factor, a material mistake or a material inaccuracy relating to the information 
included in this Base Prospectus (including information incorporated by reference) which may affect the 
investors’ assessment of the Notes. After such date, the Base Prospectus, as supplemented, will expire and the 
obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of significant new factors, material mistakes or 
material inaccuracies will no longer apply.  
Notes may also be issued pursuant to the Programme which will not be listed and admitted to trading on 
Euronext Paris or any other stock exchange or which will be listed or admitted to trading on such Regulated 
Market as the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) may agree. 
2 
Consents, approvals and authorisations 
The Issuer has obtained all necessary consents, approvals and authorisations in the Republic of France in 
connection with the update of the Programme. 
Any issuance of Notes under the Programme, to the extent that such Notes constitute obligations under French 
law, requires the prior authorisation of the board of directors (Conseil d'administration) of the Issuer, which 
may delegate its power to issue obligations under the Programme to any person of its choice. The dates of such 
authorisations and decisions will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
3 
No potential conflicts of interest 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, to the extent known by the Issuer, no conflict of interest is identified 
between the duties of the members of the Board of Directors (Conseil d'administration), the members of the 
executive committee (Comité de direction) and the Chief Executive Officer with respect of the Issuer and their 
private interest and other duties. 
4 
No significant change and no material adverse change 
Save as disclosed in this Base Prospectus, there has been no significant change in the financial position or 
financial performance of the Issuer or of the Group since 31 December 2020, and no material adverse change 
in the prospects of the Issuer since 31 December 2020. 
5 
No legal or arbitration proceedings 
Neither the Issuer nor any of its Principal Subsidiaries is or has been involved in any governmental, legal or 
arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer is 
aware) during the last 12 months preceding the date of this Base Prospectus which may have or have had in the 
recent past significant effects on the financial position or profitability of the Issuer or the Group. 
6 
No material contracts 
There are no material contracts that are not entered into the ordinary course of the Issuer's business which could 
result in any member of the Group being under an obligation or entitlement that is material to the Issuer's ability 
to meet its obligation to Noteholders in respect of the Notes being issued. 
7 
Clearing Systems 
Application may be made for the Notes to be accepted for clearance through the Euroclear and Clearstream 
systems which are the entities in charge of keeping the records. The Common Code and the International 
Securities Identification Number (ISIN) or the identification number for any other relevant clearing system for 
each Series of Notes will be set out in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 93 ---
- 87- 
 
 
The address of Euroclear is 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels, Belgium and the address of 
Clearstream is 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855, Luxembourg. 
Dematerialised Notes will be inscribed in the books of Euroclear France (acting as central depositary). 
Dematerialised Notes which are in registered form (au nominatif) are also inscribed wither either with the Issuer 
or with the registration agent. The address of Euroclear France is 66 rue de la Victoire, 75009 Paris, France. 
If the Notes are to be accepted for clearance through an additional or alternative clearing system, the appropriate 
information will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
8 
Legal Entity Identifier 
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) of the Issuer is: 969500GVS02SJYG9S632. 
9 
Statutory Auditors 
Deloitte & Associés and KPMG Audit, a department of KPMG S.A. have audited the Issuer’s non-consolidated 
and consolidated accounts for the years ended 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019, prepared in 
accordance with French GAAP and IFRS respectively, and they rendered audit reports without qualification 
with respect thereto. Deloitte & Associés and KPMG Audit, a department of KPMG S.A., are members of the 
Compagnie Régionale des Commissaires aux Comptes de Versailles and carry out their duties in accordance 
with the principles of the Compagnie Nationale des Commissaires aux Comptes.  
As from 1 January 2021, Mazars shall act as principal statutory auditor in place of KPMG Audit which had 
reached the end of its mandate. Mazars is a member of the Compagnie Régionale des Commissaires aux 
Comptes de Versailles and carries out its duties in accordance with the principles of the Compagnie Nationale 
des Commissaires aux Comptes. 
10 
Documents on display 
The following documents can be inspected on the website of the Issuer (www.carrefour-banque.fr/societe): 
(i) 
the up-to-date statuts of the Issuer; 
(ii) 
the Final Terms for Notes that are listed and admitted to trading on the Regulated Market of Euronext 
Paris and/or any other Regulated Market; and 
(iii) 
a copy of this Base Prospectus (including any documents incorporated by reference, in particular the 
2020 Annual Report and the 2019 Annual Financial Report, and any Supplements to this Base 
Prospectus), 
and the Agency Agreement (which includes the form of the Lettre Comptable, the form of the Temporary Global 
Certificate and the forms of the Definitive Materialised Notes and the Coupons, Receipts and Talons in relation 
thereto) will be available for inspection at the specified offices of the Fiscal Agent or each of the Paying Agents 
during normal business hours, so long as Notes may be issued pursuant to, or are outstanding under, this Base 
Prospectus.  
In addition, the following documents will be available on the website of the AMF (www.amf-france.org) and of 
the Issuer (www.carrefour-banque.fr/société): 
(i) 
the Final Terms for Notes that are listed and/or admitted to trading on Euronext Paris; 
(ii) this Base Prospectus together with any supplement to this Base Prospectus or further Base Prospectus 
and any documents incorporated by reference therein, other than the 2020 Annual Report and the 2019 
Annual Financial Report. 
11 
Yield 
The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis of the Issue Price and the rate of interest applicable to the 
Notes. It is not an indication of future yield. The yield of the relevant Notes, if applicable, will be stated in the 
Final Terms of the Notes. 
12 
Stabilisation 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the stabilising manager(s) 
(the "Stabilising Manager(s)") (or any person acting for the Stabilising Manager(s)) in the relevant Final Terms 
may over-allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the relevant Notes at 
a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However, stabilisation may not necessarily occur. Any 
stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the final terms of the

--- Page 94 ---
- 88- 
 
 
offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is made and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no later 
than the earlier of 30 calendar days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 calendar days 
after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche of Notes. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must 
be conducted by the relevant Stabilising Manager(s) (or person(s) acting on behalf of any Stabilising 
Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws and rules. 
 
13 
Benchmarks Regulation 
Amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to one or more "benchmarks" for the purposes 
of the EU Benchmarks Regulation. In this case, a statement will be included in the relevant Final Terms as to 
whether or not the relevant administrator of the "benchmark" is included in ESMA's register of administrators 
under Article 36 of the EU Benchmarks Regulation or in the FCA's register of administrators under Article 36 
of EU Benchmarks Regulation as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018. 
14 
Currency 
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified or the context otherwise requires, references to "€", "Euro", 
"EUR" or "euro" are to the single currency of the participating member states of the European Union which 
was introduced on 1 January 1999, references to "£", "pounds sterling" and "Sterling" are to the lawful 
currency of the United Kingdom references to"¥", "Yen", "yen" and "Japanese Yen" are to the lawful currency 
of Japan, references to the "U.S." and the "United States" are to the United States of America and references 
to "U.S.$" and "U.S. Dollars" are to the lawful currency of the United States of America. Unless otherwise 
specified or the context so requires, references in this Base Prospectus to "m" are to units of millions, and "bn" 
are to units of billions. 
15 
Potential conflicts of interests with the Dealers and/or the Calculation Agent 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking 
and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the 
ordinary course of business. In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their 
affiliates may make or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related 
derivative securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the 
accounts of their customers. Such investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or 
instruments of the Issuer or its affiliates. Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates that have a lending relationship 
with the Issuer routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer consistent with their customary risk 
management policies. Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into 
transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions in 
securities, including potentially the Notes issued under the Programme. The Dealers and their affiliates may 
also make investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in respect of 
such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or 
short positions in such securities and instruments. For the purpose of this paragraph, the term "affiliate" also 
includes parent companies.  
Potential conflicts of interest may arise between the Calculation Agent, if any, for a Tranche of Notes and the 
Noteholders, including with respect to certain discretionary determinations and judgments that such Calculation 
Agent may make pursuant to the Terms and Conditions that may influence the amount receivable upon 
redemption of the Notes. 
16 
Forward-looking statements 
This Base Prospectus (including the documents incorporated by reference) contains certain statements that are 
forward-looking including statements with respect to the Issuer's business strategies, expansion and growth of 
operations, trends in its business, competitive advantage, and technological and regulatory changes, information 
on exchange rate risk and generally includes all statements preceded by, followed by or that include the words 
"believe", "expect", "project", "anticipate", "seek", "estimate" or similar expressions. Such forward-looking 
statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks and uncertainties, and actual results may 
differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements as a result of various factors. Potential investors 
are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date hereof. 
These forward-looking statements do not constitute profit forecasts or estimates under the Commission 
Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 supplementing the EU Prospectus Regulation.

--- Page 95 ---
- 89- 
 
 
PERSONS RESPONSIBLE FOR THE INFORMATION GIVEN IN THE PROSPECTUS 
To the best of the Issuer's knowledge, the information contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the 
facts and contains no omission likely to affect the import of such information. 
 
Carrefour Banque 
Parc du Bois Briard, 9-13 avenue du lac, 
91 000 Evry-Courcouronnes, 
France 
Duly represented by: 
Antoine Delautre, Directeur Général Délégué 
Dated 5 November 2021 
 
 
Autorité des marchés financiers 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the AMF in its capacity as competent authority under Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129, as amended.  
The AMF has approved this Base Prospectus after having verified that the information it contains is complete, 
coherent and comprehensible in accordance with Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended. 
This approval should not be considered as a favourable opinion on the Issuer and on the quality of the Notes 
described in this Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment of the opportunity to invest in 
such Notes. 
The Base Prospectus has been approved on 5 November 2021 and is valid until 5 November 2022 and shall during 
this period, in accordance with Article 23 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as amended, be completed by a 
supplement to the Base Prospectus in the event of new material facts or substantial errors or inaccuracies. The 
Base Prospectus has been given the following approval number: 21-474.

--- Page 96 ---
- 90- 
 
 
Registered Office of the Issuer 
 
Carrefour Banque 
Parc du Bois Briard, 9-13 avenue du lac, 
91000 Evry-Courcouronnes, 
France 
 
 
 
Sole Arranger and Dealer 
 
Société Générale  
29 boulevard Haussmann 
75009 Paris 
France 
 
Fiscal Agent, Principal Paying Agent and  
Calculation Agent 
 
Société Générale  
Securities Services 
32, rue du Champ de Tir 
CS 30812 
44308 Nantes Cedex 3 
France 
 
Statutory Auditors  
 
Deloitte & Associés 
185, avenue Charles-de-Gaulle 
92524 Neuilly-sur-Seine 
France 
 
KPMG-Audit - Département de 
KPMG S.A. 
Tour Eqho 
2, avenue Gambetta 
CS 60055 
92066 Paris-La Défense Cedex 
France 
Mazars 
Tour Exaltis 
61 rue Henri Regnault 
La Défense 
92400 Courbevoie 
France 
 
 
Legal Advisers 
 
To the Issuer 
in respect of French law 
To the Dealers 
in respect of French law 
Clifford Chance Europe LLP 
1 rue d'Astorg 
CS 60058 
75377 Paris Cedex 08 
France 
Gide Loyrette Nouel A.A.R.P.I. 
15 rue de Laborde  
75008 Paris 
France