--- Page 1 ---
10284185454-v11 
 
36-41073932 
 
BASE PROSPECTUS 
Dated 5 June 2024 
 
 
Carrefour 
€12,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Under the Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the "Programme") described in this base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus"), 
Carrefour ("Carrefour" or the "Issuer"), subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, may from time to time 
issue Euro Medium Term Notes (the "Notes"). The aggregate nominal amount of Notes outstanding will not at any time exceed 
€12,000,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies). 
 
This Base Prospectus (together with any supplements hereto, each a "Supplement") constitutes a base prospectus for the purposes of 
Article 8 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as may be amended from time to time (the "EU Prospectus Regulation"). This Base Prospectus 
has been approved by the Autorité des marchés financiers (the "AMF") in France in its capacity as competent authority under the EU 
Prospectus Regulation and received the approval no 24-194 on 5 June 2024. The AMF only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting 
the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the EU Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not 
be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer and of the quality of the Notes which are subject to this Base Prospectus. Investors should 
make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. 
 
For a period of twelve (12) months following the date of this Base Prospectus, application may be made (i) to the regulated market of 
Euronext Paris ("Euronext Paris") to be admitted to trading on Euronext Paris and/or (ii) to the listing authority of any other Member 
State of the European Economic Area ("EEA") for Notes to be admitted to trading on a Regulated Market (as defined below) in such 
Member State, provided that the Base Prospectus is completed by one or more supplements, pursuant to Article 23 of the EU Prospectus 
Regulation, following the occurrence of any significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy relating to the information 
included (including information incorporated by reference) in this Base Prospectus which may affect investors' assessment of the Notes. 
After 5 June 2025, the Base Prospectus, as supplemented, will expire and the obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event 
of significant new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies will no longer apply. Euronext Paris is a regulated market (a 
"Regulated Market") for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU on markets in financial instruments, as amended ("EU MiFID II"). 
 
The price and the amount of the relevant Notes to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer(s) (as defined below) based on the prevailing market conditions at the time of the issue of such Notes and will be set out in the 
relevant final terms (the "Final Terms") (a form of which is contained herein). Notes may be issued at their nominal amount or at a 
discount or premium to their nominal amount. 
 
Notes may be issued either in dematerialised form ("Dematerialised Notes") or in materialised form ("Materialised Notes") as more 
fully described herein. 
 
Dematerialised Notes will at all times be in book entry form in compliance with Articles L.211-3 et seq. and R.211-1 of the French Code 
monétaire et financier. No physical documents of title (including certificats représentatifs pursuant to Article R.211-7 of the French 
Code monétaire et financier) will be issued in respect of the Dematerialised Notes. Dematerialised Notes may, at the option of the Issuer, 
be in bearer dematerialised form (au porteur) inscribed as from the issue date in the books of Euroclear France ("Euroclear France") 
(acting as central depositary) which shall credit the accounts of Account Holders (as defined in "Terms and Conditions of the Notes – 
Form, Denomination and Title") including Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear") and the depositary bank for Clearstream Banking, 
S.A. ("Clearstream, Luxembourg") or in registered dematerialised form (au nominatif) and, in such latter case, at the option of the 
relevant Noteholder (as defined in Condition 1(c)(iv)), in either fully registered form (au nominatif pur), in which case they will be 
inscribed either with the Issuer or with the registration agent (designated in the relevant Final Terms) for the Issuer, or in administered 
registered form (au nominatif administré) in which case they will be inscribed in the accounts of the Account Holders designated by the 
relevant Noteholders. 
 
Materialised Notes will be in bearer materialised form only and may only be issued outside France. A temporary global certificate in 
bearer form without interest coupons attached (a "Temporary Global Certificate") will initially be issued in connection with 
Materialised Notes. Such Temporary Global Certificate will be exchanged for Definitive Materialised Notes in bearer form with, where 
applicable, coupons for interest attached, on or after a date expected to be on or about the fortieth calendar day after the issue date of the 
Notes (subject to postponement as described in "Temporary Global Certificates issued in respect of Materialised Notes" below) upon 
certification as to non U.S. beneficial ownership as more fully described herein. Temporary Global Certificates will (a) in the case of a 
Tranche intended to be cleared through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, be deposited on the issue date with a common 
depositary on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and (b) in the case of a Tranche intended to be cleared through a 
clearing system other than or in addition to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg or delivered outside a clearing system, be 
deposited as agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
 
The minimum denomination of the Notes shall be €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency as at the date of issue of the Notes).

--- Page 2 ---
10284185454-v11 
 
36-41073932 
 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer has been assigned a long-term credit rating of "BBB (stable outlook)" by S&P Global 
Ratings Europe Limited ("S&P"). The Programme is currently unrated. Notes issued under the Programme may, or may not, be rated. 
Where Notes are rated, the applicable rating(s) will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. The relevant Final Terms will specify 
whether or not such credit ratings will be (1) issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under 
Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 (as amended) on credit rating agencies ("EU CRA Regulation") and/or (2) issued or endorsed by a 
credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of the 
United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA Regulation") or certified under the UK CRA 
Regulation. If such credit rating agency is registered under the EU CRA Regulation, the Final Terms shall specify that such credit rating 
agency is included in the list of credit rating agencies published by the European Securities and Markets Authority ("ESMA") on its 
website in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation (https://www.esma.europa.eu/credit-rating-agencies/cra-authorisation). As of the 
date of this Base Prospectus, S&P appears on the list of registered and certified rating agencies published by ESMA. A rating is not a 
recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, change, or withdrawal at any time by the assigning 
rating agency without notice. 
 
Prospective investors should have regard to the factors described under the section headed "Risk Factors" in this Base 
Prospectus. This Base Prospectus does not describe all of the risks of an investment in the Notes. 
 
This Base Prospectus, any Supplement thereto (if any) and the Final Terms of the Notes listed and admitted to trading on Euronext Paris 
shall be published on the website of the AMF (www.amf-france.org) and Carrefour (www.carrefour.com). The documents incorporated 
by reference in this Base Prospectus will be made available on the website of Carrefour (www.carrefour.com). 
 
 
Arranger and Dealer for the Programme 
BNP PARIBAS

--- Page 3 ---
10284185454-v11 
 
36-41073932 
 
This Base Prospectus (including the documents incorporated by reference thereto), as may be supplemented from time to time, 
constitutes a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of the EU Prospectus Regulation and for the purpose of giving all necessary 
information with regard to the Issuer or the Issuer and its consolidated subsidiaries taken as a whole (the "Group") and the Notes 
which, according to the particular nature of the Issuer and the Notes, is material to an investor to make an informed assessment of the 
assets and liabilities, financial position, profit and losses and prospects of the Issuer, the rights attached to the Notes and the reasons 
for the issuance and its impact on the Issuer. 
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation other than those contained or incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus in connection with the issue or sale of the Notes and, if given or made, such information or 
representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer or any of the Dealers or the Arranger. Neither the 
delivery of this Base Prospectus nor any sale made in connection herewith shall, under any circumstances, create any implication that 
there has been no change in the affairs of the Issuer since the date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most 
recently supplemented or that there has been no adverse change in the financial position of the Issuer or the Group since the date hereof 
or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently amended or supplemented or that any other information supplied 
in connection with the Programme is correct as of any time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, if different, the date 
indicated in the document containing the same. 
In this Base Prospectus, "Arranger" and "Permanent Dealer" means BNP Paribas and "Dealer" means any further dealer appointed 
in connection with the Programme or with respect to any specific issue of Notes. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering or sale of the Notes in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons 
into whose possession this Base Prospectus comes are required by the Issuer, the Dealers and the Arranger to inform themselves about 
and to observe any such restriction. The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933 
as amended (the "Securities Act") or with any securities regulatory authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States, 
and the Notes may include Notes in bearer form that are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. Subject to certain exceptions, Notes 
may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or to U.S. persons as defined in the U.S. External Revenue Code of 
1986, as amended, and regulations thereunder. For a description of certain restrictions on offers and sales of Notes and on distribution 
of this Base Prospectus, see "Subscription and Sale". This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer of, or an invitation by or on 
behalf of the Issuer or the Dealers to subscribe for, or purchase, any Notes. 
EU MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend 
entitled "EU MiFID II Product Governance" which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes, taking into 
account the five categories referred to in item 19 of the Guidelines on EU MiFID II product governance requirements published by 
ESMA dated 3 August 2023, and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, 
selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration such determination; however, a distributor subject 
to EU MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining 
the manufacturer’s target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will have to be made by all relevant Dealers in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of product 
governance rules under Commission Delegated Directive (EU) 2017/593, as amended (the "EU MiFID II Product Governance 
Rules"), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the 
Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the EU MiFID II Product Governance Rules. 
UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend 
entitled "UK MiFIR Product Governance" which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes, and which 
channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
"distributor") should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook 
Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer’s target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules, 
any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers 
nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules. 
EU PRIIPs / IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the EEA. For these purposes, a retail 
investor means a person who is one (or both) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU as 
amended ("EU MiFID II"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU on insurance, where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II. Consequently, no key information document 
required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014, as amended (the "EU PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the EU PRIIPs Regulation. 
UK PRIIPs / IMPORTANT – UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For 
these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or both) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of 
Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "EUWA"); 
or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (the "FSMA") 
and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA which were relied on immediately before exit day to implement the Insurance 
Distribution Directive, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document 
required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") 
for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore

--- Page 4 ---
10284185454-v11 
 
36-41073932 
 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation. 
SINGAPORE SFA PRODUCT CLASSIFICATION – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled 
"Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore, as modified or amended from time to 
time (the "SFA")" which will state the product classification of the Notes pursuant to section 309B(1) of the Securities and Futures 
Act 2001 of Singapore, as modified or amended from time to time. If applicable, the Issuer will make a determination and provide the 
appropriate written notification to "relevant persons" in relation to each issue about the classification of the Notes being offered for 
the purposes of Section 309B(1)(a) and Section 309B(1)(c) of the SFA. 
None of the Issuer nor the Arranger nor the Dealers is responsible for any third party social, environmental and sustainability 
assessment of the Notes. The Notes may not satisfy an investor's requirements or any future legal or industry standards for investment 
in assets with sustainability characteristics. Investors should conduct their own assessment of the Notes from a sustainability 
perspective. Investors should note that the net proceeds of the issue of the Notes will be used for general corporate purposes, unless 
otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
The Arranger and the Dealers have not separately verified the information contained in this Base Prospectus. To the fullest extent 
permitted by law, none of the Dealers or the Arranger accept any responsibility for the contents of this Base Prospectus or for any 
other statement, made or purported to be made by the Arranger or a Dealer or on its behalf in connection with the Issuer or the issue 
and offering of any Notes. The Arranger and each Dealer accordingly disclaims all and any liability (save as referred to above) which 
it might otherwise have in respect of this Base Prospectus or any such statement. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other financial 
statements or information supplied in connection with the Programme (including any information incorporated by reference) are 
intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation and should not be considered as a recommendation by any of the Issuer, 
the Arranger or the Dealers that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any other financial statements should purchase the Notes. 
Each potential purchaser of Notes should determine for itself the relevance of the information contained in this Base Prospectus and 
its purchase of Notes should be based upon such investigation as it deems necessary. None of the Dealers or the Arranger undertakes 
to review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuer or the Group during the life of the arrangements contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus or to advise any investor or potential investor in the Notes of any information coming to the attention of any of the Dealers 
or the Arranger. 
OTHER IMPORTANT CONSIDERATIONS 
Legality of Purchase 
Neither the Issuer, the Dealer(s) nor any of their respective affiliates has or assumes responsibility for the lawfulness of the acquisition 
of the Notes by a prospective investor in the Notes, whether under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or the jurisdiction 
in which it operates (if different), or for compliance by that prospective investor with any law, regulation or regulatory policy applicable 
to it. 
Regulatory Restrictions 
Investors whose investment activities are subject to investment laws and regulations or to review or regulation by certain authorities 
may be subject to restrictions on investments in certain types of debt securities. Investors should review and consider such restrictions 
prior to investing in the Notes. 
Credit ratings 
One or more independent rating agencies may assign ratings to the Notes and/or the Issuer. The ratings may not reflect the potential 
risk related to the structure, market, additional factors discussed in this section, and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes 
or the standing of the Issuer. A credit rating and/or a corporate rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may 
be revised or withdrawn by the rating agency at any time. 
Tranches of Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, such rating will not 
necessarily be the same as the rating(s) described above or the rating(s) assigned to Notes already issued. Where a Tranche of Notes 
is rated, the applicable rating(s) will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. Whether or not each credit rating applied for in relation 
to a relevant Tranche of Notes will be (1) issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the 
EU CRA Regulation or by a credit rating agency which is certified under the EU CRA Regulation and/or (2) issued or endorsed by a 
credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation or by a credit rating agency which is certified 
under the UK CRA Regulation will be disclosed in the Final Terms. 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not issued by a 
credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation unless (1) the rating is provided by a credit 
rating agency not established in the EEA but is endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the EU 
CRA Regulation or (2) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the EEA which is certified under the EU CRA 
Regulation. 
Similarly, UK regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not issued by a credit rating 
agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation unless (1) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency 
not established in the UK but is endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation 
or (2) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the UK which is certified under the UK CRA Regulation. 
Taxation 
Potential purchasers and sellers of the Notes should be aware that they may be required to pay taxes or documentary charges or duties 
in accordance with the laws and practices of the jurisdiction where the Notes are transferred or other jurisdictions. In some jurisdictions,

--- Page 5 ---
10284185454-v11 
 
36-41073932 
 
no official statements of the tax authorities or court decisions may be available for financial instruments such as the Notes. Potential 
investors are advised not to rely upon the tax overview contained in this Base Prospectus but to ask for their own tax adviser's advice 
on their individual taxation with respect to the acquisition, holding, disposal and redemption of the Notes. Only these advisers are in 
a position to duly consider the specific situation of the potential investor. 
U.S. Foreign Account Tax Compliance Withholding 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as FATCA, "foreign financial 
institutions" (such as clearing systems, their participants and other financial intermediaries between the Issuer and investors) may be 
required to withhold on certain payments they make ("foreign passthru payments") to persons that fail to meet certain certification, 
reporting, or related requirements. A number of jurisdictions (including France) have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, 
intergovernmental agreements with the United States to implement FATCA ("IGAs"), which modify the way in which FATCA applies 
in their jurisdictions. Under the provisions of IGAs as currently in effect, a foreign financial institution in an IGA jurisdiction would 
generally not be required to withhold under FATCA or an IGA from payments that it makes. Certain aspects of the application of the 
FATCA provisions and IGAs to instruments such as the Notes, including whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to 
FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as the Notes, are uncertain and may be subject to change. Even if 
withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as the Notes, such 
withholding would not apply prior to 1 January 2019. Holders should consult their own tax advisors regarding how these rules may 
apply to their investment in the Notes. In the event any withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to 
payments on the Notes, none of the Issuer, any paying agent or any other person will be required to pay additional amounts as a result 
of the withholding. 
Second Party Opinions, SPO Provider and External Verifier 
In connection with the issue of Sustainability-Linked Notes under the Programme, the Issuer has requested, and may request in the 
future, a provider of second party opinions (the "SPO Provider") to issue a second party opinion (the "Second Party Opinion") or a 
revised Second Party Opinion in relation to the Carrefour sustainability-linked note framework (the "Sustainability-Linked Note 
Framework"). The Second Party Opinion provides an opinion on certain environmental and related considerations and is not intended 
to address any credit, market or other aspects of an investment in any Notes, including without limitation market price, marketability, 
investor preference or suitability of any security. The Second Party Opinion is a statement of opinion, not a statement of fact. The 
Second Party Opinion is not, nor should be deemed to be, a recommendation by the Issuer, the Arranger or the Dealers or any other 
person to buy, sell or hold any Notes. In addition, in connection with the issue of Sustainability-Linked Notes under the Programme, 
the Issuer may also engage one or more external verifier to carry out the relevant assessments required for the purposes of providing 
an Assurance Report and an SPT Verification Assurance Certificate (each as defined in Condition 5(d)) (the "External Verifier"). 
Any Second Party Opinion, any Assurance Reports and any SPT Verification Assurance Certificate will be accessible through 
Carrefour's website at: www.carrefour.com. However any information on, or accessible through, such website and the information in 
such Second Party Opinion or any past or future Assurance Reports or SPT Verification Assurance Certificates do not form part of, 
nor is incorporated by reference in, this Base Prospectus and should not be relied upon in connection with making any investment 
decision with respect to any Notes to be issued under the Programme. In addition, no assurance or representation is given by the 
Issuer, any other member of the Group, the Arranger, the Dealers, the SPO Provider or any External Verifier as to the 
suitability or reliability for any purpose whatsoever of any opinion, report or certification of any third party in connection 
with the offering of any Sustainability-Linked Notes under the Programme. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the providers 
of such opinions and certifications are not subject to any specific regulatory or other regime or oversight. Noteholders have no 
recourse against the Issuer, any member of the Group, the Arranger or the Dealers for the contents of any such opinion, 
certification or verification. Any such opinion, report or certification and any other document related thereto is not, nor shall 
it be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of this Base Prospectus. 
Notes Issued as Sustainability-Linked Notes 
None of the Issuer, the Arranger or the Dealers accepts any responsibility for any sustainability assessment of any Notes issued as 
Sustainability-Linked Notes or makes any representation or warranty or assurance whether such Notes will meet any investor 
expectations or requirements regarding assets with sustainability characteristics. In particular, there is currently no clear definition 
(legal, regulatory or otherwise) of, nor market consensus as to what constitutes, a "sustainability-linked" or an equivalently labelled 
financial instrument. Legislative and non-governmental developments in respect of sustainable finance are numerous and continue to 
evolve, and such legislation, taxonomies, standards or other investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor or its 
investments are required to comply, whether by any present or future applicable laws or regulations or by its own by-laws or investment 
portfolio mandates, in particular with regard to the sustainability-linked objectives, may determine that the such Notes do not qualify 
under such legislation, taxonomy, standard or other investment criteria. None of the Arranger or the relevant Dealers is neither 
responsible for monitoring, or reporting on the satisfaction of the Sustainability Performance Target (as defined herein) of any 
Sustainability-Linked Notes. 
In the event any such Notes are, or are intended to be, listed, or admitted to trading on a dedicated "green", "sustainable", "social" or 
other equivalently-labelled segment of a stock exchange or securities market, no representation or assurance is given by the Issuer, the 
Arranger or the Dealers that such listing or admission will be obtained or maintained for the lifetime of the Notes.

--- Page 6 ---
10284185454-v11 
- 6 - 
36-41073932 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME .......................................................................................... 7 
RISK FACTORS .................................................................................................................................................. 12 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ........................................................................................ 22 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES .................................................................................................. 27 
TEMPORARY GLOBAL CERTIFICATES ISSUED IN RESPECT OF MATERIALISED NOTES ................ 61 
USE OF PROCEEDS............................................................................................................................................ 62 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER ....................................................................................................................... 63 
RECENT DEVELOPMENTS .............................................................................................................................. 64 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS .................................................................................................................................. 75 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE .............................................................................................................................. 90 
GENERAL INFORMATION ............................................................................................................................... 93 
PERSONS RESPONSIBLE FOR THE INFORMATION GIVEN IN THE BASE PROSPECTUS ................... 96

--- Page 7 ---
10284185454-v11 
- 7 - 
36-41073932 
 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following general description does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety 
by, the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular Tranche 
of Notes, the relevant Final Terms. 
This general description constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25.1(b) of 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 of 14 March 2019, as amended. It does not, and is not intended 
to, constitute a summary of this Base Prospectus within the meaning of Article 7 of the EU Prospectus Regulation 
or any implementing regulation thereof. 
Issuer: 
Carrefour 
Description: 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Size: 
Up to €12,000,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies at 
the date of issue) aggregate nominal amount of Notes 
outstanding at any one time. The amount of the Programme may 
be increased in accordance with the terms of the Dealer 
Agreement. 
Arranger and Dealer: 
BNP Paribas 
Dealers: 
BNP Paribas 
The Issuer may from time to time terminate the appointment of 
any dealer under the Programme or appoint additional dealers 
either in respect of one or more Tranches or in respect of the 
whole Programme. References in this Base Prospectus to 
"Permanent Dealers" is to BNP Paribas and to such additional 
persons that are appointed as dealers in respect of the Programme 
(and whose appointment has not been terminated) and references 
to "Dealers" are to all Permanent Dealers and all persons 
appointed as a dealer in respect of one or more Tranches. 
Fiscal Agent, Principal Paying Agent 
and Calculation Agent: 
BNP Paribas (acting through its Securities Services business)  
Method of Issue: 
The Notes will be issued on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. 
The Notes will be issued in series (each a "Series") having one 
or more issue dates and on terms otherwise identical (or identical 
other than in respect of the first payment of interest), the Notes 
of each Series being intended to be interchangeable with all other 
Notes of that Series. Each Series may be issued in tranches (each 
a "Tranche") on the same or different issue dates. The specific 
terms of each Tranche (which will be completed, where 
necessary, with the relevant terms and conditions and, save in 
respect of the issue date, issue price, first payment of interest and 
nominal amount of the Tranche, will be identical to the terms of 
other Tranches of the same Series) will be completed in the final 
terms (the "Final Terms"). 
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued at their nominal amount or at a discount or 
premium to their nominal amount. 
Form of Notes: 
Notes 
may 
be 
issued 
in 
either 
dematerialised 
form 
("Dematerialised 
Notes") 
or 
in 
materialised 
form 
("Materialised Notes"). 
Dematerialised Notes may, at the option of the Issuer, be issued 
in bearer dematerialised form (au porteur) or in registered 
dematerialised form (au nominatif) and, in such latter case, at the 
option of the relevant Noteholder, in either fully registered form 
(au nominatif pur) or administered registered form (au nominatif 
administré) form. No physical documents of title will be issued

--- Page 8 ---
10284185454-v11 
- 8 - 
36-41073932 
 
in respect of Dematerialised Notes. See "Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes - Form, Denomination and Title". 
Materialised Notes will be in bearer materialised form only. A 
temporary Global Certificate will be issued initially in respect of 
each Tranche of Materialised Notes. Materialised Notes may 
only be issued outside France. See "Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes - Form, Denomination and Title" below. 
Clearing Systems: 
Euroclear France as central depositary in relation to 
Dematerialised Notes and, in relation to Materialised Notes, 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear or any other clearing 
system that may be agreed between the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent 
and the relevant Dealer. 
Initial Delivery of Notes: 
No later than one Paris business day before the issue date of each 
Tranche of Dematerialised Notes, the lettre comptable or the 
application form relating to such Tranche shall be deposited with 
Euroclear France as central depositary. 
On or before the issue date for each Tranche of Materialised 
Notes, the Temporary Global Certificate issued in respect of such 
Tranche shall be deposited with a common depositary for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or with any other 
clearing system or may be delivered outside any clearing system 
provided that the method of such delivery has been agreed in 
advance by the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent and the relevant Dealer. 
Currencies: 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and 
directives, Notes may be issued in any currency agreed between 
the Issuer and the relevant Dealers. 
Maturities: 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and 
directives, any maturity as may be specified in the Final Terms. 
Specified Denomination: 
Notes will be in such denominations as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms save that (i) the minimum specified 
denomination shall be €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other 
currency as at the date of issue of the Notes); and (ii) unless 
otherwise permitted by then current laws and regulations, Notes 
(including Notes denominated in sterling) which have a maturity 
of less than one year and in respect of which the issue proceeds 
are to be accepted by the Issuer in the United Kingdom or whose 
issue otherwise constitutes a contravention of section 19 of the 
FSMA will have a minimum redemption amount of £100,000 (or 
its equivalent in other currencies). 
Fixed Rate Notes: 
Fixed interest will be payable in arrear on the date or dates in 
each year specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Floating Rate Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest determined separately for 
each Series as follows: 
 
(i) 
on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional 
interest rate swap transaction in the relevant Specified 
Currency governed by an agreement incorporating the 
2006 ISDA Definitions, as published by the 
International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. 
or the FBF Definitions (as published by the Fédération 
Bancaire Francaise) each as amended and updated as at 
the date of issue of the first Tranche of the Notes of such 
Series; or

--- Page 9 ---
10284185454-v11 
- 9 - 
36-41073932 
 
(ii) 
by reference to EURIBOR, any other interest rate 
benchmark specified as applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms or any successor rate or any alternative rate, as 
adjusted for any applicable margin. 
Interest Periods will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. The 
Minimum Rate of Interest shall not be less than zero. 
Benchmark Discontinuation 
If a Benchmark Event occurs (as defined in Condition 
5(b)(iii)(C)(3)), the Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to 
appoint an Independent Adviser, as soon as reasonably 
practicable, to determine a Successor Rate (as such terms are 
defined in Condition 5(b)(iii)(C)(3)), the related adjustments 
and/or amendments to the terms of the relevant Series of Notes 
are further described in Condition 5(b)(iii)(C)(3). 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes: 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate that, on the 
Switch Date (i) the Issuer may elect to convert from a Fixed Rate 
to a Floating Rate, or from a Floating Rate to a Fixed Rate or (ii) 
will automatically change from a Fixed Rate to a Floating Rate 
or from a Floating Rate to a Fixed Rate, as specified in the Final 
Terms. 
Sustainability-Linked Notes: 
Fixed Rate Notes may be issued with a "Sustainability Interest 
Step Up Option", if specified as being applicable in the relevant 
Final Terms, in which case the Notes will be Sustainability-
Linked Notes 
If a Sustainability Trigger Event has occurred as at any Target 
Observation Date falling prior to any Interest Step Up Payment 
Date, the Rate of Interest for Sustainability-Linked Notes, in 
relation to the Interest Period ending on such Interest Step Up 
Payment Date, will be the Initial Rate of Interest, increased by 
the Step Up specified in the applicable Final Terms (such 
increase, an "Interest Step Up"). 
See Condition 5(d) Terms and Conditions of the Notes – 
Sustainable Interest Step Up Option. 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
Zero Coupon Notes (as defined in "Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes") may be issued at their nominal amount or at a discount 
to it and will not bear interest. 
Interest Periods and Interest Rates: 
The length of the Interest Periods for the Notes and the applicable 
Rate of Interest or its method of calculation may differ from time 
to time or be constant for any Series. Notes may have a 
Maximum Rate of Interest, a Minimum Rate of Interest, or both. 
The use of Interest Accrual Periods permits the Notes to bear 
interest at different rates in the same interest period. All such 
information will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
Redemption: 
The relevant Final Terms will specify the basis for calculating 
the Redemption Amounts payable. Unless permitted by then 
current laws and regulations, Notes (including Notes 
denominated in sterling) which have a maturity of less than one 
year and in respect of which the issue proceeds are to be accepted 
by the Issuer in the United Kingdom or whose issue otherwise 
constitutes a contravention of section 19 of the FSMA must have 
a minimum redemption amount of £100,000 (or its equivalent in 
other currencies). 
Optional Redemption: 
The Final Terms issued in respect of each Series of Notes will 
state whether such Notes may be redeemed prior to their stated 
maturity at the option of the Issuer (either in whole or in part)

--- Page 10 ---
10284185454-v11 
- 10 - 
36-41073932 
 
and/or the Noteholders, and if so the terms applicable to such 
redemption. 
Redemption of Residual Outstanding 
Notes at the Option of the Issuer: 
Unless specified as not being applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms in respect of any issue of Notes, the Issuer will have the 
option to redeem at par all but not some only of that Series of 
Notes at any time, provided that redemptions (except for a Make-
Whole Redemption by the Issuer) or repurchases and 
cancellations of such Series shall have been previously effected 
in respect of at least the Minimum Percentage (as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms) of such Series of Notes. 
See Condition 6(e) "Terms and Conditions of the Notes- 
Redemption, Purchase and Options - Redemption of Residual 
Outstanding Notes at the Option of the Issuer". 
Residual Maturity Redemption at the 
Option of the Issuer: 
Unless specified as not being applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms in respect of any issue of Notes, the Issuer will have the 
option to redeem the Notes, in whole but not in part, on any 
Residual Maturity Redemption Date at par together with interest 
accrued to, but excluding, the date fixed for redemption. 
See Condition 6(f) "Terms and Conditions of the Notes - 
Redemption, Purchase and Options – Residual Maturity 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer". 
Make-Whole 
Redemption 
by 
the 
Issuer: 
 
Unless specified as not being applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms in respect of any issue of Notes, the Issuer will have the 
option to redeem the Notes, in whole or in part, at any time or 
from time to time, prior to their Maturity Date at the Make-Whole 
Redemption Amount. 
See Condition 6(f) "Terms and Conditions of the Notes- 
Redemption, Purchase and Options - Make-Whole Redemption 
by the Issuer". 
Redemption by Instalments: 
The Final Terms issued in respect of each issue of Notes that are 
redeemable in two or more instalments will set out the dates on 
which, and the amounts in which, such Notes may be redeemed. 
Early Redemption: 
Except as provided in "Optional Redemption", "Make-Whole 
Redemption by the Issuer", "Residual Maturity Redemption at 
the Option of the Issuer", "Redemption of Residual Outstanding 
Notes at the Option of the Issuer" and "Redemption at the Option 
of Noteholders" above, the Notes will be redeemable at the 
option of the Issuer prior to maturity only for tax reasons or, if 
applicable, in instalments. See "Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes - Redemption, Purchase and Options". 
Status of Notes: 
The Unsubordinated Notes will constitute unsubordinated and 
unsecured obligations of the Issuer and the Subordinated Notes 
will constitute subordinated obligations of the Issuer, all as 
described in "Terms and Conditions of the Notes – Status". 
Negative Pledge: 
Unsubordinated Notes will have the benefit of a negative pledge 
described in "Terms and Conditions of the Notes – Negative 
Pledge". 
Cross Default: 
Unsubordinated Notes will have the benefit of a cross-default 
described in "Terms and Conditions of the Notes – Events of 
Default".

--- Page 11 ---
10284185454-v11 
- 11 - 
36-41073932 
 
Ratings: 
The Issuer has been assigned a long-term credit rating of "BBB 
(stable outlook)" by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited 
("S&P"). The Programme is currently unrated.  
Series of Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or 
unrated. Where a Series of Notes is rated, such rating will be 
disclosed in the relevant Final Terms and will not necessarily be 
the same as the ratings assigned to the Programme. 
A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold 
securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or 
withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency without 
notice. 
Withholding Tax: 
All payments of principal, interest and other revenues by or on 
behalf of the Issuer in respect of the Notes and Coupons shall be 
made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for, 
any taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of 
whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed 
by or within France or any authority therein or thereof having 
power to tax, unless such withholding or deduction is required by 
law. 
If French law should require that payments of principal, interest 
or other revenues by or on behalf of the Issuer in respect of any 
Note or Coupon be subject to withholding or deduction in respect 
of any taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of 
whatever nature, the Issuer will, to the fullest extent then 
permitted by law, pay such additional amounts as may be 
necessary in order that the Noteholders or, as the case may be, 
the Couponholders will receive after such withholding or 
deduction the full amount then expressed to be due and payable, 
subject to certain exceptions. 
Governing Law: 
French law. 
Listing and Admission to Trading: 
Application has been made for the Notes issued under the 
Programme to be admitted to trading on Euronext Paris. The 
Notes may also be listed and admitted to trading on such other or 
further stock exchange(s) as may be agreed between the Issuer, 
and the relevant Dealer in relation to each Series. The Final 
Terms relating to each Tranche of Notes will state whether or not 
and, if so, on which stock exchange(s) the Notes are to be listed 
and admitted to trading. 
Selling Restrictions: 
 
The United States, the European Economic Area, the United 
Kingdom, France, Japan and Singapore. See "Subscription and 
Sale". 
The Issuer is Category 2 for the purposes of Regulation S under 
the Securities Act, as amended. 
Representation of Noteholders: 
Noteholders will, in respect of all Tranches in any Series, be 
grouped automatically for the defence of their common interests 
in a masse (in each case, the "Masse"). 
The Masse will be a separate legal entity and will act in part 
through a representative (the "Representative") and in part 
through collective decisions of the Noteholders.

--- Page 12 ---
10284185454-v11 
- 12 - 
36-41073932 
 
RISK FACTORS 
The Issuer believes that the following factors may affect its ability to fulfil its obligations under Notes issued under 
the Programme. All of these factors are contingencies which may or may not occur. 
In accordance with the provisions of Article 16 of the EU Prospectus Regulation, the risk factors set out below are 
limited to those that are specific to the Issuer and the Notes and material to an informed investor's decision to 
invest in the Notes. These risks are ranked and presented in decreasing order of importance within each category 
(and in no particular order of importance between categories). 
The Issuer believes that the factors described below represent the principal risks inherent in investing in the Notes 
issued under the Programme but the Issuer may not have identified, at the date of this Base Prospectus all risks 
which may be considered in the future as likely to have, a significant negative impact on the Issuer's business, 
financial situation and results, its perspectives, its development or securities, and the Issuer does not represent 
that the statements below regarding the risks of holding the Notes issued under the Programme are exhaustive. 
Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus 
(including any documents incorporated by reference herein) and reach their own views prior to making any 
investment decision. 
Terms defined herein shall have the same meaning as in the "Terms and Conditions of the Notes". 
Factors that may affect the Issuer's ability to fulfil its obligations under Notes issued under the Programme 
The risks that may affect the Issuer's ability to fulfil its obligations issued under the Programme, are set out in 
particular on pages 267 to 283 of the Document d'enregistrement universel of the Issuer for the year ended 31 
December 2023 incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus, as set out in the section "Documents 
Incorporated by Reference" on pages 23 to 27 of this Base Prospectus and include the following: 
− 
Economic, political and social environment risks, including (i) economic, political and social situation in 
the countries and (ii) competitive pressure. 
 
− 
Governance, laws and regulations risks, including (i) regulations applicable to the retail industry, (ii) 
pressure and instability of tax and social security legislation and (iii) personal data protection. 
 
− 
Operations risks, including (i) appropriateness of the retail model, (ii) product availability in store or 
online, (iii) Carrefour's image, (iv) control of movable and immovable assets, (v) securing the growth of 
e-commerce, (vi) attracting and retaining talent, (vii) information system underperformance and cyber 
security and (viii) product quality, compliance and safety. 
These risks are ranked and presented in the Document d'enregistrement universel in decreasing order of importance 
within each category (and in no particular order of importance between categories), based on: (i) the net financial 
impact, and, in respect of the risk factors relating to the Issuer, (ii) the net reputational impact and (iii) the net 
probability of occurrence. Given the importance it places on the matter, the Group has decided to refine the 
presentation of its risks by going above and beyond the presentation requirements set out under Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 of the European Parliament, and presenting a third impact: "net reputational impact". The net score 
consists of a gross score, less the impact of any mitigation measures and actions plans implemented by the Group. 
 
Factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes issued under 
the Programme 
1. 
Risks relating to all Series of Notes 
1.1 
Economic and financial Risks 
1.1.1 
Credit Risk 
An investment in the Notes involves taking credit risk on the Issuer. Since the Notes are unsecured obligations of 
the Issuer, benefitting from no direct recourse to any assets or guarantees, the Noteholders can only rely on the 
ability of the Issuer to pay any amount due under the Notes. The Issuer has been assigned a long-term credit rating 
of "BBB (stable outlook)" by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited, and the value of the Notes will depend on the 
creditworthiness of the Issuer and the level of such credit rating (as may be impacted by the risks relating to the

--- Page 13 ---
10284185454-v11 
- 13 - 
36-41073932 
 
Issuer described above). If the financial situation of the Issuer deteriorates, the potential adverse impact on the 
Noteholders could be very significant because (i) the Issuer may not be able to fulfil all or part of its payment 
obligations under the Notes, (ii) the market value of the Notes may decrease, in particular if the credit rating 
deteriorates, and (iii) investors may lose all or part of their investment. 
1.1.2 
The trading market for debt securities may be volatile and may be adversely impacted by many events 
which may affect their market value 
The Programme allows for the Notes to be admitted to trading on Euronext Paris or on any other Regulated Market 
as may be agreed with the Issuer. Nevertheless, the market value of the Notes will be affected by a number of 
factors, including the value of the reference rates, yields, the time remaining to the maturity date and the 
creditworthiness of the Issuer. The value of the Notes or the reference rates depends on a number of interrelated 
factors, including economic, financial and political events and factors affecting capital markets generally and 
Euronext Paris and/or any other Regulated Market or the stock exchanges on which the Notes or the reference 
rates are traded. The price at which a Noteholder will be able to sell the Notes prior to maturity may be at a 
discount, which could be substantial, from the issue price or the purchase price paid by such Noteholder. 
Accordingly, all or a substantial part of the capital invested by the Noteholder may be lost upon any transfer of the 
Notes. 
1.1.3 
An active trading market for the Notes may not develop 
The Programme allows for the Notes to be admitted to trading on Euronext Paris or on any other Regulated Market 
as may be agreed with the Issuer. However, Notes issued under the Programme will be new securities which may 
not be widely distributed and for which there may be no active trading market (unless in the case of any particular 
Tranche, such Tranche is to be consolidated with and form a single series with a Tranche of Notes which is already 
issued). If the Notes are traded after their initial issuance, they may trade at a discount to their initial offering price, 
depending upon prevailing interest rates, the market for similar securities, general economic conditions and the 
financial condition of the Issuer. 
Although particular series of Notes may specify that they are expected to be admitted to trading on Euronext Paris 
and/or any other Regulated Market in the EEA (if the Issuer has requested that the Base Prospectus be notified to 
the competent authority of another EEA Member State) there is no certainty that such admission to trading will 
occur, that any particular Tranche of Notes will be so listed and admitted or that an active trading market will 
develop. Accordingly, there may be no development of, nor liquidity in, any trading market for any particular 
Tranche of Notes, or, if one does develop, that it will be maintained. If an active trading market for the Notes does 
not develop or is not maintained, the market or trading price and liquidity of the Notes may be adversely affected 
as investors may not be able to sell their Notes easily or at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable 
to similar investments that have a developed secondary market. 
This may have a negative impact on the liquidity of the Notes and result in low trading volumes. The degree of 
liquidity of the Notes may negatively impact the price at which an investor can dispose of the Notes where the 
investor is seeking to achieve a sale within a short timeframe. In such circumstances, the impact of this risk on the 
Noteholder would be high because Notes would likely have to be resold at a discount to the nominal value of the 
Notes. Furthermore, if additional and competing products are introduced in the markets, this may have a significant 
adverse effect on the market value of the Notes. Furthermore, if additional and competing products are introduced 
in the markets, this may have a significant adverse effect on the market value of the Notes. 
1.1.4 
Exchange rate risks and exchange controls 
The Programme allows for Notes to be issued in a range of currencies (each, a "Specified Currency", as defined 
in Condition 5(j)). The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency. This presents 
certain risks relating to currency conversions if an investor's financial activities are denominated principally in a 
currency or currency unit (the "Investor's Currency") other than the Specified Currency. These include the risk 
that exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or 
revaluation of the Investor's Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor's Currency 
may impose or modify exchange controls. Such risks generally depend on a number of factors, including financial, 
economic and political events over which the Issuer has no control. An appreciation in the value of the Investor's 
Currency relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (1) the Investor's Currency-equivalent yield on the 
Notes, (2) the Investor's Currency-equivalent value of the principal payable on the Notes and (3) the Investor's 
Currency-equivalent market value of the Notes. 
Government and monetary or financial authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls 
that could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate, as well as the availability of the Specified Currency in 
which a Note is payable at the time of payment of interest and/or principal in respect of such Note. If this risk were

--- Page 14 ---
10284185454-v11 
- 14 - 
36-41073932 
 
to materialise, the Noteholders whose financial activities are carried out or dependent principally in a currency or 
currency unit other than the relevant Specified Currency could be negatively impacted. As a result, investors might 
receive less interest or principal than expected, or, at worst, no interest or principal. 
1.2 
Legal Risks 
1.2.1 
French Insolvency Law and the EU Restructuring Directive 
The Issuer is a société anonyme with its corporate seat in France. In the event that the Issuer becomes insolvent, 
insolvency proceedings will be generally governed by the insolvency laws of France to the extent that the "centre 
of main interests" (as construed under Regulation (EU) 2015/848, as amended) of the Issuer is located in France 
(which is the case today). 
The Directive (EU) 2019/1023 on preventive restructuring frameworks, on discharge of debt and disqualifications, 
and on measures to increase the efficiency of procedures concerning restructuring, insolvency and discharge of 
debt and amending Directive (EU) 2017/1132 has been transposed into French law by the Ordonnance n°2021-
1193 dated 15 September 2021. Such Ordonnance has amended French insolvency laws notably with regard to the 
process of adoption of restructuring plans under insolvency proceedings. 
According to this ordonnance, "affected parties" (including notably creditors, and therefore the Noteholders) shall 
be treated in separate classes which reflect certain class formation criteria for the purpose of adopting a 
restructuring plan. Classes shall be formed in such a way that each class comprises claims or interests with rights 
that reflect a sufficient commonality of interest based on verifiable criteria. 
Holders of notes (including the Noteholders) will no longer deliberate on the proposed restructuring plan in a 
separate assembly, meaning that they will no longer benefit from a specific veto power on this plan. Instead, as 
any other affected parties, holders of notes (including the Noteholders) will be grouped into one or several classes 
(with potentially other types of creditors) and their dissenting vote may possibly be overridden by a cross-class 
cram down. 
The commencement of insolvency proceedings against the Issuer would have a material adverse effect on the 
market value of the Notes. As a consequence, any decisions taken by a class of affected parties could negatively 
impact the Noteholders and cause them to lose all or part of their investment, should they not be able to recover 
all or part of the amounts due to them from the Issuer. 
1.2.2 
Risks related to the consultation or non-consultation of Noteholders  
Subject to the provisions of the Final Terms, the Noteholders will, in respect of all Tranches in any Series, be 
grouped automatically for the defence of their common interests in a Masse, as defined in Condition 11 
(Representation of Noteholders). The Terms and Conditions of the Notes contain provisions for Noteholders to 
consider matters affecting their interest generally to be adopted either through a general meeting (the "General 
Meetings") or by consent following a written consultation (the "Written Decisions"). The Terms and Conditions 
permit in certain cases defined majorities to bind all Noteholders including Noteholders who did not attend and 
vote (or were not represented) at the relevant General Meeting, Noteholders who voted in a manner contrary to the 
majority or Noteholders who did not consent to a Written Decision. Noteholders may be asked to decide on any 
proposal relating to the modification of the Terms and Conditions by way of Collective Decisions, as more fully 
described in Condition 11 (Representation of Noteholders). 
If such a General Meeting or Written Decision were to take place, it is possible that a majority of Noteholders 
could adopt a decision that would modify the Terms and Conditions of the Notes in a way that could impair or 
limit the rights of the Noteholders, and this may have negative impact on the market value of the Notes and hence 
investors may lose part of their investment. 
Condition 11(g) (Exclusion of certain provisions of the French Code de commerce) provides that the provisions 
of Article L.228-65 I 1° of the French Code de commerce in relation to the proposed changes in the corporate form 
of the Issuer only) and 3° in relation to the proposed merger or demerger of the Issuer, in the context of an intra-
group reorganisation within the current Group perimeter, where the entity which will assume the liabilities of the 
Issuer under the Notes is incorporated in a member country of the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and 
Development (OECD) only, of the French Code de commerce, and the related provisions of the French Code de 
commerce, shall not apply to the Notes. As a result of this exclusion, the prior approval of the Noteholders will 
not have to be obtained on such matters, which may affect their interests generally.

--- Page 15 ---
10284185454-v11 
- 15 - 
36-41073932 
 
1.2.3 
Change of law 
The conditions of the Notes are based on and governed by French law and EU rules in effect as at the date of this 
Base Prospectus. Future judicial decisions or changes to French law, EU rules or their administrative practice, 
official application or interpretation may take place after the date of this Base Prospectus and may impact the 
Notes. If any change in law was unfavourable to the Issuer or the Noteholders, it could have an adverse effect on 
the market value of the Notes and could have negative repercussions on the Noteholders' investment in the Notes. 
2. 
Risks relating to the structure and characteristics of a particular issue of Notes 
2.1 
Interest Rate Risks 
2.1.1 
Interest Rate Risk on Fixed Rate Notes 
Investment in Fixed Rate Notes involves the risk that if market interest rates subsequently increase above the rate 
paid in the Fixed Rate Notes, this may adversely affect the value of the Fixed Rate Notes. The Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes allow the Issuer to issue Notes that pay a fixed rate of interest (the "Fixed Rate Notes") 
to Noteholders (see Condition 5(a) (Interest on Fixed Rate Notes)). While the nominal interest rate of a Fixed Rate 
Note is specified in the relevant Final Terms and is determined for the term of such Note or a given period of time, 
the market interest rate (the "Market Interest Rate") typically varies on a daily basis. As the Market Interest Rate 
changes, the price of the Fixed Rate Note on the secondary market varies in the opposite direction. If the Market 
Interest Rate increases, the price of the Fixed Rate Note typically decreases, until the yield of such Fixed Rate 
Note equals approximately the Market Interest Rate. If the Market Interest Rate decreases, the price of a Fixed 
Rate Note typically increases, until the yield of such Fixed Rate Note equals approximately the Market Interest 
Rate. Noteholders may be affected by the movements of the Market Interest Rate as they are hard to anticipate and 
can adversely affect the price of the Notes in the secondary market and could cause Noteholders to lose part of the 
capital invested if they decide to sell Notes during a period in which the market interest rate exceeds the fixed rate 
of the Notes. 
2.1.2 
Investors will not be able to calculate in advance the rate of return on Floating Rate Notes 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes allow the Issuer to issue Notes that bear interest at a floating rate of interest 
(the "Floating Rate Notes") to Noteholders (see Condition 5(b) (Interest on Floating Rate Notes)). A key 
difference between Floating Rate Notes and Fixed Rate Notes (issued pursuant to Condition 5(a) (Interest on Fixed 
Rate Notes)) is that interest income on Floating Rate Notes cannot be anticipated. The floating rate of interest is 
comprised of a reference rate and a margin to be added or subtracted, as the case may be, from such base rate. 
Typically, the relevant margin will not change throughout the life of the Notes but there will be a periodic 
adjustment (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) of the reference rate (e.g., every three (3) months or six (6) 
months) which itself will change in accordance with general market conditions. Accordingly, the market value of 
Floating Rate Notes may be volatile if changes, particularly short term changes, to market interest rates evidenced 
by the relevant reference rate can only be reflected in the interest rate of these Notes upon the next periodic 
adjustment of the relevant reference rate. This stated volatility may have a significant adverse effect on the market 
value of the Notes. 
If the relevant Final Terms provide for frequent interest payment dates, investors are exposed to the reinvestment 
risk if market interest rates decline. That is, investors may reinvest the interest income paid to them only at the 
relevant lower interest rates then prevailing. 
2.1.3 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes 
The Terms and Conditions allow the Issuer to issue Notes ("Fixed/Floating Rate Notes") with a fixed rate of 
interest that is later converted to a floating rate of interest and vice versa (see Condition 5(c) (Fixed/Floating Rate 
Notes)). The Fixed/Floating Rate Notes bear interest at a rate that, automatically or upon decision of the Issuer at 
a date (the "Switch Date") specified in the Final Terms, can be converted from a fixed rate to a floating rate or 
from a floating rate to a fixed rate. The (automatic or optional) conversion may affect the secondary market and 
the market value of the Notes as it can lead to a reduction of the total borrowing costs. If a fixed rate is converted 
into a floating rate, the rate spread between the fixed rate and the floating rate may be less in favour than the rate 
spreads on comparable Floating Rate Notes that have the same reference rate. In addition, the new floating rate 
may be, at any time, lower than the interest rates of other Notes. If a floating rate is converted into a fixed rate, the 
fixed rate may be lower than the rates applicable to these Notes previously. It is difficult to anticipate future market 
volatility in interest rates, but any such volatility may have a significant negative effect on the market value of the 
Notes.

--- Page 16 ---
10284185454-v11 
- 16 - 
36-41073932 
 
2.1.4 
Zero Coupon Notes are subject to higher price fluctuations than non-discounted bonds 
The Terms and Conditions allow the Issuer to issue zero coupon Notes (see Condition 5(e) (Zero Coupon Notes)). 
Changes in market interest rates have a substantially stronger impact on the prices of Zero Coupon Notes than on 
the prices of ordinary Notes because the discounted issue prices are substantially below par. If market interest rates 
increase, Zero Coupon Notes can suffer higher price losses than other Notes having the same maturity. Due to 
their leverage effect, Zero Coupon Notes are a type of investment associated with a particularly high price risk. It 
is difficult to anticipate future market volatility in interest rates, but any such volatility may have a significant 
negative effect on the value of the Notes. 
2.1.5 
The regulation and reform of "benchmarks" may adversely affect the value of Notes linked to or 
referencing such "benchmarks" 
Pursuant to Condition 5(b)(iii)(C) (Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes), the applicable Final 
Terms for a Series of Floating Rate Notes specify that the Rate of Interest for such Notes will be determined by 
reference to the Euro Interbank Offered Rate ("EURIBOR") and other indices which are deemed to be 
"benchmarks". "Benchmarks" are the subject of recent national, international and other regulatory guidance and 
proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already effective while others are still to be implemented. These 
reforms may cause such benchmarks to perform differently than in the past, to disappear entirely, to be subject to 
revised calculation methods, or have other consequences which cannot be predicted. Any such consequence could 
have an adverse effect on any Notes linked to or referencing such a "benchmark". 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (the "Benchmarks Regulation") was published in the Official Journal of the EU on 
29 June 2016 and has been in force since 1 January 2018. The Benchmarks Regulation, among other things, (i) 
requires benchmark administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if non-EU-based, to be subject to an 
equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed) and (ii) prevents certain uses by EU supervised entities of 
benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised or registered (or, if non-EU based, not deemed equivalent or 
recognised or endorsed). There are proposals to reform the Benchmarks Regulation (and significantly narrow the 
range of benchmarks to which it applies), but these changes are not agreed in form and not expected to apply until 
2026. 
Notwithstanding the provisions of Condition 5(b)(iii)(C)(3) (Benchmark discontinuation) which seek to offset any 
adverse effects for the Noteholders, the Benchmarks Regulation could have a material impact on the market value 
and return of any Notes linked to a rate or index deemed to be a "benchmark", including in any of the following 
circumstances: 
(i) 
an index which is a "benchmark" could not be used by a supervised entity in certain ways if its 
administrator does not obtain authorisation or registration or, if based in a non-EU jurisdiction, the 
administrator is not recognised as equivalent or recognised or endorsed and the transitional provisions 
do not apply; and 
(ii) 
the methodology or other terms of the "benchmark" could be changed in order to comply with the 
requirements of the Benchmarks Regulation, and such changes could, among other things, have the 
effect of reducing or increasing the rate or level or otherwise affecting the volatility of the published 
rate or level of the "benchmark". 
More broadly, any of the international, national or other proposals for reform, or the general increased regulatory 
scrutiny of "benchmarks", could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the 
setting of a "benchmark" and complying with any such regulations or requirements. 
Such factors may have the following effects on certain "benchmarks" (including EURIBOR): (i) discourage market 
participants from continuing to administer or contribute to such "benchmark"; (ii) trigger changes in the rules or 
methodologies used in the "benchmarks" or (iii) lead to the disappearance of the "benchmark". Any of the above 
changes or any other consequential changes as a result of international, national or other proposals for reform or 
other initiatives or investigations, could have an adverse effect on the value of and return on any Notes linked to a 
"benchmark". 
If a benchmark were discontinued or otherwise unavailable, the rate of interest on Notes which are linked to such 
benchmark will be determined for the relevant period by the fall-back provisions applicable to such Notes. 
Depending on the manner in which a benchmark is to be determined under the Terms and Conditions, this may (i) 
if ISDA Determination or FBF Determination applies pursuant to Condition 5(b)(iii)(A) or Condition 5(b)(iii)(B) 
respectively, be relying upon the provision by reference banks of offered quotations for the relevant benchmark 
which, depending on market circumstances, may not be available at the relevant time or (ii) if Screen Rate

--- Page 17 ---
10284185454-v11 
- 17 - 
36-41073932 
 
Determination applies pursuant to Condition 5(b)(iii)(C), result in the effective application of a fixed rate based 
on the rate which applied for the immediately preceding Interest Period for which the benchmark was available.  
Although EURIBOR has been reformed in order to comply with the terms of the Benchmarks Regulation, it 
remains uncertain as to how long it will continue in its current form, or whether it will be further reformed or 
replaced with an alternative benchmark.  
The potential elimination of the EURIBOR benchmark or any other benchmark, or changes in the manner of 
administration of any benchmark, may adversely affect Notes which reference said benchmark in, at least, two 
ways: 
(i) 
the rate of interest on Notes which are linked to such benchmark will be determined for the relevant 
period by the fall-back provisions applicable to such Notes (it being specified that if a Benchmark Event 
(as defined in Condition 5(b)(iii)(C) (Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes)) occurs, a 
specific fall-back shall apply - please refer to the risk factor entitled "Occurrence of a Benchmark Event" 
below); and 
(ii) 
the terms and conditions of outstanding Notes of any Series may need adjusting, which may require a 
General Meeting of the Noteholders of such Series, or another form of Collective Decision (as detailed 
in Condition 11(d) (Collective Decisions)). 
Benchmarks Regulation was further amended by Regulation (EU) 2021/168 (the "Amending Regulation"). The 
Amending Regulation introduces a harmonised approach to deal with the cessation or winddown of certain 
benchmarks by conferring on the Commission or competent national authorities the power to designate a statutory 
replacement for certain benchmarks, resulting in such benchmarks being replaced in contracts and financial 
instruments that have not been renegotiated before the date of cessation of the relevant benchmarks and contain 
either no contractual replacement (or so-called "fallback provision") or a fallback provision which is deemed 
unsuitable by the Commission or competent national authorities. For instance, if pursuant to a fallback provision 
included in Condition 5(b)(iii)(C)(3) a benchmark is replaced by a benchmark which no longer reflects or which 
significantly diverges from the underlying market or the economic reality that the benchmark in cessation is 
intended to measure, a statutory replacement of such benchmark may be designated. This replacement could have 
a negative impact on the value or liquidity of, and return on, certain Notes issued under the Programme linked to 
or referencing such benchmark and may not operate as intended at the relevant time or may perform differently 
from the discontinued or otherwise unavailable benchmark.  
In addition, the transitional provisions applicable to third-country benchmarks have been further extended until 
the end of 2025 by Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2023/2222 of 14 July 2023. Such developments may 
create uncertainty regarding any future legislative or regulatory requirements arising from the implementation of 
delegated regulations. 
Any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on the market value or liquidity of, and return on, any 
Notes linked to a "benchmark". 
2.1.6 
The occurrence of a Benchmark Event could have an adverse effect on the value of and return on any 
Notes linked to or referencing such "benchmarks" 
Condition 5(b)(iii)(C)(3) (Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes) provides for certain fallback 
arrangements in the event that a Benchmark Event occurs, including if an inter-bank offered rate (such as 
EURIBOR) or other relevant reference rate, and/or any page on which such benchmark may be published, becomes 
unavailable, or if the Issuer, the Calculation Agent, any Paying Agent or any other party responsible for the 
calculation of the Rate of Interest (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) are no longer permitted lawfully to 
calculate interest on any Notes by reference to such benchmark under the Benchmarks Regulation or otherwise. 
Such fallback arrangements include the possibility that the rate of interest could be set by reference to a Successor 
Rate or an Alternative Rate (both as defined in Condition 5(b)(iii)(C)(3)) (Screen Rate Determination for Floating 
Rate Notes), and may include amendments to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes to ensure the proper operation 
of the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate, all as determined by the Independent Adviser and without the consent 
of the Noteholders. 
In certain circumstances, and as specified in Condition 5(b)(iii)(C) (Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate 
Notes), including (i) where no Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable) is determined (ii) due to 
uncertainty relating to the availability of a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as the case may be), or (iii) if the 
Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or, if an Independent Adviser is appointed, but such 
Independent Adviser is unable to act, the fallback rules may not apply as expected at the relevant time. In such a 
scenario, alternative fallback rules may be applied, resulting in the rate of interest for such Interest Period being

--- Page 18 ---
10284185454-v11 
- 18 - 
36-41073932 
 
based on the rate which applied for the immediately preceding Interest Period (as indicated in the relevant Final 
Terms), as set out in the risk factor 2.1.5 "The regulation and reform of "benchmarks" may adversely affect the 
value of Notes linked to or referencing such "benchmarks above". 
It is possible that, in the event that a Benchmark Event occurs, it will take some time before a clear successor rate 
or alternative rate is established in the market. Accordingly, Condition 5(b)(iii)(C)(3) provides as a further fallback 
that, following the designation of a Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate, if the Independent Adviser determines 
that the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate is no longer substantially comparable to the Relevant Rate or does not 
constitute an industry accepted successor rate, the Issuer shall appoint or re-appoint an Independent Adviser for 
the purpose of confirming the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable) or determining a replacement 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate in accordance with Condition 5(b)(iii)(C)(3). If the Independent Adviser is 
unable to or otherwise does not determine a replacement Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable), then 
the previously-designated Successor Rate or Alternative Rate will remain unchanged despite the fact that it may 
no longer be substantially comparable to the Relevant Rate or that it may no longer constitute an industry accepted 
rate, which may have a negative effect on the market value and yield of the Notes. 
The Successor Rate or Alternative Rate may have no or a very limited trading history and accordingly its general 
evolution and/or interaction with other relevant market forces or elements may be difficult to determine or measure. 
In addition, given the uncertainty concerning the availability of successor or alternative rates and the involvement 
of an Independent Adviser, the relevant fallback provisions may not operate as intended at the relevant time and 
the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate may perform differently from the discontinued Relevant Rate. 
Any Adjustment Spread applied to any Series of Floating Rate Notes may not adequately compensate for this 
impact. Any such adjustment could have unexpected consequences, due to the particular circumstances of each 
Noteholder and any such adjustment may not be favourable to each Noteholder. This could have quite a negative 
impact on the rate of interest on, and trading value of, the affected Floating Rate Notes. Moreover, any holders of 
such Floating Rate Notes that enter into hedging instruments based on the Relevant Rate may find their hedges to 
be ineffective, and they may incur costs in unwinding such hedges and replacing them with instruments tied to the 
successor or alternative rate. 
Any such consequences could have a negative effect on the liquidity and value of, and return on, any such Floating 
Rate Notes linked to or referencing such "benchmarks" because the occurrence of a Benchmark Event could result 
in a loss of a portion of the principal amount invested in the relevant Floating Rate Notes. 
2.2 
Risks related to Sustainability-Linked Notes 
2.2.1 
Risks that may result from the structure of the financial incentives of Sustainability-Linked Notes 
As provided in Condition 5(d), the applicable Final Terms for a Series of Fixed Rate Notes may specify that the 
Notes will be issued as Sustainability-Linked Notes with an Interest Step Up if a Sustainability Trigger Event 
occurs. A Sustainability Trigger Event may occur (i) if the Issuer fails to satisfy any of the applicable Sustainability 
Performance Target(s) specified in the relevant Final Terms on the relevant Target Observation Date, or (ii) if the 
Issuer fails to publish the applicable Sustainability Performance Report, the Assurance Report or, if applicable, 
the SPT Verification Assurance Certificate, in accordance with Condition 5(d)(iii).  
Although the interest rate relating to the Sustainability-Linked Notes is subject to an adjustment if a Sustainability 
Trigger Event occurs, such Sustainability-Linked Notes may not satisfy an investor's requirements or any future 
legal or quasi legal standards for investment in assets with sustainability characteristics. In particular, the 
Sustainability-Linked Notes are not being marketed as "green bonds", "social bonds" or "sustainable bonds" as the 
relevant net proceeds of the issue of any Sustainability-Linked Notes will be used for the Group's general corporate 
purposes, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms. The Issuer does not commit to (i) allocate the 
relevant net proceeds specifically to projects or business activities meeting environmental or sustainability criteria 
or (ii) be subject to any other limitations or requirements that may be associated with green bonds, social bonds or 
sustainability bonds in any particular market, except as described in the section "Use of Proceeds" of this Base 
Prospectus. In this context, there may be adverse environmental, social and/or other impacts resulting from the 
Group's efforts to achieve the Sustainability Performance Targets or from the use of the net proceeds from the 
offering of the Sustainability-Linked Notes. 
In addition, the interest rate adjustment in respect of the above-mentioned Sustainability-Linked Notes as 
contemplated by Condition 5(d) will depend on the Group achieving, or not achieving, the Sustainability 
Performance Target(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms for the relevant Series of Notes which may be 
inconsistent with or insufficient to satisfy investor requirements or expectations. The Group's Sustainability 
Performance Targets are aimed at (i) reducing GHG emissions, (ii) reducing quantity of packaging, (iii) reducing 
food waste, and (iv) increasing its organic offering, as further described in the Issuer's Sustainability-Linked Note

--- Page 19 ---
10284185454-v11 
- 19 - 
36-41073932 
 
Framework. The Group's Sustainability Performance Targets are therefore uniquely tailored to the Group's 
business, operations and capabilities, and they do not easily lend themselves to benchmarking against similar 
sustainability performance targets, and the related performance, of other issuers. 
2.2.2 
Risks that may result from the failure to meet the Sustainability Performance Targets  
Although if the relevant Sustainability Performance Target(s) is/are not met it will give rise to an Interest Step Up 
as described in Condition 5(d), it will not be an Event of Default under the Sustainability-Linked Notes, nor a 
breach of the Issuer's obligations under the Notes, nor will the Issuer be required to repurchase or redeem any 
Sustainability-Linked Notes in such circumstances. Certain investors may have portfolio mandates or may wish to 
dispose of their Sustainability-Linked Notes and/or the Sustainability-Linked Notes may be excluded from any 
Environmental, Social and Governance ("ESG")-related securities or other equivalently-labelled index upon the 
occurrence of an interest step-up or upon the failure to achieve a Sustainability Performance Target, which may 
have material consequences for the future trading prices of the Sustainability-Linked Notes and/or the liquidity of 
the Sustainability-Linked Notes. Even if the resulting interest step-up has the effect of increasing the yield on the 
relevant Sustainability-Linked Notes for the Noteholders, the application of such interest step up may not 
sufficiently compensate the Noteholders for any losses suffered in terms of any change in market price of such 
Sustainability-Linked Notes in case of the failure to achieve a Sustainability Performance Target. 
In addition, the failure of the Group to achieve any of its Sustainability Performance Targets or any such similar 
sustainability performance targets the Group may choose to include in any future financings would not only result 
in an Interest Step Up, but could also harm the Group's reputation, the consequences of which could, in each case, 
have a material adverse effect on the Group, its business prospects, its financial condition or its results of operations 
and ultimately its ability to fulfil its payments obligations in respect of the Sustainability-Linked Notes. 
2.2.3 
Risks of change in standards and guidelines and of recalculation 
Some of the Sustainability Performance Targets of the Group are calculated in accordance with standards and 
guidelines mentioned and defined in Condition 5(d), in particular the Food Loss and Waste Accounting and 
Reporting Standard which is used in relation to the Food Waste KPI and the GHG Protocol Standard and the 
criteria and recommendations published by the Science Based Targets initiative ("SBTi") which are used in 
relation to the GHG KPI. 
These standards and guidelines mentioned above may change over time and the Issuer will apply these as they 
may be amended and updated from time to time to calculate its Key Performance Indicators. As a consequence, 
the way in which the Group calculates its Key Performance Indicators may also change over time. Such change 
(in particular in the calculation methods) could lead to an increase or decrease of the performance of the Group in 
relation to any of its Key Performance Indicators while still being able to satisfy the applicable Sustainability 
Performance Targets and avoiding the occurrence of a Sustainability Trigger Event (as defined in Condition 5(d)) 
and the payment to the Noteholders of Interest Step Up related thereto (as defined in Condition 5(d)). 
In addition, in accordance with Condition 5(d), changes to the calculation methodology of any Sustainability 
Performance Target(s), or change in data due to better data accessibility or any change in the Group's perimeter, 
individually or in aggregate, that may have a significant impact on the levels of the Sustainability Performance 
Target(s) may give rise to a recalculation, by the Issuer acting in good faith, of the relevant Key Performance 
Indicator(s) used as a baseline, of the Baseline Date and/or the Sustainability Performance Target(s). Any such 
recalculation may be made without the prior consultation of the Noteholders to the extent it does not have any 
adverse effect on the interests of the Noteholders, as further specified in Condition 5(d).  
As a consequence, any of these changes to the standards, guidelines or in the calculation methodology may not be 
in line with investors' expectations. Such changes may have a negative effect on the market value of the Notes. 
2.2.4 
There is no legal, regulatory or market definition of or standardized criteria for what constitutes a 
"sustainability-linked", "Climate KPI-linked", "ESG-linked" or other equivalently labelled finance 
instrument, and any such designations made by third parties with respect to the Sustainability-Linked 
Notes have not been endorsed by the Group nor form part of this Base Prospectus 
The Sustainability-Linked Notes include an interest step-up linked to the non-achievement of certain Sustainability 
Performance Targets by the Group as further described in Condition 5(d). There is currently no clear definition 
(legal, regulatory or otherwise) of, nor market consensus as to what constitutes, a "sustainability-linked", a 
"Climate KPI-linked", "ESG-linked" or an equivalently labelled financial instrument. Legislative and non-
governmental developments in respect of sustainable finance are numerous and continue to evolve, and such 
legislation, taxonomies, standards or other investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor or its 
investments are required to comply, whether by any present or future applicable laws or regulations or by its own

--- Page 20 ---
10284185454-v11 
- 20 - 
36-41073932 
 
by-laws or investment portfolio mandates, in particular with regard to the climate KPI-linked or sustainability-
linked objectives, may determine that the Sustainability-Linked Notes do not qualify under such legislation, 
taxonomy, standard or other investment criteria, which could have material consequences for the value of such 
Noteholder's investment and/or require such Noteholder to dispose of the Sustainability-Linked Notes at the then 
prevailing market price. 
Although the Group has obtained a Second Party Opinion in relation to the alignment of the Sustainability-Linked 
Note Framework to the 2020 Sustainability-Linked Bond Principles published by the International Capital Markets 
Association (ICMA), the 2020 Sustainability-Linked Bond Principles have been developed as voluntary industry 
guidelines and no supervisory nor regulatory authority has passed on the content or adequacy of the 2020 
Sustainability-Linked Bond Principles. Second party opinion providers are not currently subject to any specific 
regulatory or other regime or oversight. If laws and regulations evolve, the 2020 Sustainability-Linked Bond 
Principles and/or the Second Party Opinion may not be sufficient for these purposes, which in turn could have 
material consequences for the future trading prices of the Sustainability-Linked Notes and/or the liquidity of the 
Sustainability-Linked Notes and require investors with portfolio mandates to invest in sustainability-linked or 
climate KPI-linked assets to dispose of the Sustainability-Linked Notes. 
2.2.5 
The Sustainability-Linked Notes may not be included in any dedicated sustainability-linked or other 
equivalently-labelled index, and any such inclusion may cease at any time 
The Sustainability-Linked Notes may not be included in any dedicated sustainability-linked bond, ESG-related 
securities or other equivalently-labelled index, either due to the decision of the index provider following its 
assessment of the Sustainability-Linked Notes or the Group’s ESG credentials or failure of the Issuer to maintain 
eligibility. Additionally, even if the Sustainability-Linked Notes are included in any such index, inclusion therein 
may cease at any time due to action by the index provider or the Group, including upon the occurrence of an 
interest step-up following the non-achievement of an SPT. The occurrence of any such event could negatively 
affect the Group’s reputation, have a negative impact on the future trading prices of the Sustainability-Linked 
Notes and/or require certain Noteholders with portfolio mandates to invest in such securities to dispose of the 
Notes at the then prevailing trading price, which could in turn have a negative impact on the trading price and 
liquidity of the Sustainability-Linked Notes. 
2.3 
Early Redemption Risks 
2.3.1 
The Notes may be redeemed prior to maturity for taxation reasons 
In the event that the Issuer would be obliged to increase the amounts payable in respect of any Notes or Coupons 
due to any withholding or deduction for or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or on behalf of France 
or a political subdivision thereof or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, the Issuer may redeem 
all outstanding Notes in accordance with Condition 6(c) (Redemption for Taxation Reasons). Such early 
redemption would be at the Early Redemption Amount of such Notes, which in almost all cases would be their 
principal amount. As a consequence of such early redemption the yields received upon redemption may be lower 
than expected, and the redemption price of the Notes may be lower than the purchase price for the Notes paid by 
the Noteholder. As a result, part of the capital invested by the Noteholder may be lost, so that the Noteholder in 
such a case would not receive the total amount of the capital invested. In addition, investors that choose to reinvest 
moneys they receive through an early redemption may be able to do so only in securities with a lower yield than 
the redeemed Notes. 
2.3.2 
Any early redemption at the option of the Issuer, if provided for in any Final Terms for a particular issue 
of Notes, could cause the yield received by Noteholders to be considerably less than anticipated 
The Final Terms for a particular issue of Notes may provide for early redemption at the option of the Issuer 
including a Redemption of Residual Outstanding Notes at the Option of the Issuer as described in Condition 6(e) 
(Redemption of Residual Outstanding Notes at the Option of the Issuer), a Residual Maturity Redemption by the 
Issuer as described in Condition 6(f) (Residual Maturity Redemption at the Option of the Issuer) (with the Residual 
Maturity Redemption Date specified in the relevant Final Terms) or a Make-Whole Redemption by the Issuer as 
described in Condition 6(g) (Make-Whole Redemption at the Option of the Issuer).  
As a consequence of any such early redemption, the yields received upon redemption may be lower than expected, 
and the redemption price of the Notes may be lower than the purchase price for the Notes paid by the Noteholder. 
As a result, part of the capital invested by the Noteholder may be lost, so that the Noteholder in such a case would 
not receive the total amount of the capital invested.

--- Page 21 ---
10284185454-v11 
- 21 - 
36-41073932 
 
Furthermore, Noteholders that choose to reinvest monies they receive through an early redemption may be able to 
do so only in securities with a lower yield than the redeemed Notes. 
The above factors mean that the very existence of these early redemption options in a particular Series of Notes 
could limit the market value of such Notes. 
In addition, with respect to the Redemption of Residual Outstanding Notes at the Option of the Issuer 
(Condition 6(e)), there is no obligation on the Issuer to inform Noteholders if and when the Minimum Percentage 
(as defined in the relevant Final Terms) has been reached or is about to be reached, and the Issuer's right to redeem 
will exist notwithstanding that immediately prior to the serving of a notice in respect of the exercise of the 
Redemption of Residual Outstanding Notes at the Option of the Issuer the Notes may have been trading 
significantly above par, thus potentially resulting in a loss of capital invested or lower than expected returns for 
the Noteholders. 
Furthermore, the exercise of the Make-Whole Redemption by the Issuer may be subject to certain refinancing 
conditions referred to in the notice published by the Issuer in connection thereto, the failure to meet these 
refinancing conditions may render the notice revocable, in which case the Make-Whole Redemption by the Issuer 
will not occur, which may have a negative impact on the Noteholders as the market price of the Notes is likely to 
fall below the expected Make-Whole Redemption Amount. 
2.3.3 
A partial redemption may affect the liquidity of the Notes of the same Series in respect of which such 
option is not exercised 
Depending on the number of Notes of the same Series in respect of which a partial redemption is, at the option of 
the Issuer provided in Conditions 6(d) (Redemption at the Option of the Issuer) or 6(g) (Make-Whole Redemption 
by the Issuer) or at the option of the Noteholders provided in Conditions 6(h) (Redemption at the Option of the 
Noteholders), made, any trading market in respect of those Notes in respect of which such option is not exercised 
may become illiquid which, depending on the extent of the illiquidity, may have a negatively impact the market 
value of the Notes and have a direct and significant impact on any remaining Noteholders seeking to dispose of 
their Notes. In addition, investors may not be able to reinvest the moneys they receive upon such early redemption 
in securities with the same yield as the redeemed Notes. 
2.4 
The Issuer's obligations under Subordinated Notes are subordinated. 
The Terms and Conditions allow the Issuer to issue Subordinated Notes pursuant to Condition 3(b). The Issuer's 
obligations under Subordinated Notes will be unsecured and subordinated and will rank junior in priority to the 
claims of unsubordinated creditors. The events of default applicable to Subordinated Notes are limited, and only 
provide that the Subordinated Notes shall become immediately due and payable if any judgment shall be issued 
for the judicial liquidation (liquidation judiciaire) of the Issuer or the sale of the whole business (cession totale de 
l'entreprise) of the Issuer following the opening of a judicial recovery procedure (redressement judiciaire) or if 
the Issuer is liquidated for any other reason. Accordingly, if the Issuer fails to meet any obligations under the 
Subordinated Notes, including the payment of any interest, investors will not have the right of acceleration of 
principal. Upon a payment default, the sole remedy available to Noteholders for recovery of amounts owing in 
respect of any payment of principal or interest on the Subordinated Notes will be the institution of proceedings to 
enforce such payment, which could be time-consuming and costly. In addition, Subordinated Notes do not benefit 
from a negative pledge (on which see Condition 4). As a result, in the event of voluntary liquidation or judicial 
liquidation (liquidation judiciaire) of the Issuer, since the claims of such an investor Subordinated Notes in such 
a case will rank below those of, and be subject to the payment in full of, unsubordinated creditors, including holders 
of Unsubordinated Notes if insufficient funds are available to pay any or all amounts due to holders of 
Subordinated Notes then an investor in Subordinated Notes will lose all or some of his investment.

--- Page 22 ---
10284185454-v11 
- 22 - 
36-41073932 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
This Base Prospectus should be read and construed in conjunction with the following sections identified in the 
cross-reference tables below of the following documents which have been previously published and have been 
filed with the AMF as competent authority in France for the purposes of the EU Prospectus Regulation. Such 
sections shall be incorporated in, and shall be deemed to form part of, this Base Prospectus: 
(a) 
the sections identified in the cross-reference table below of the 2023 Document d'enregistrement universel 
("2023 URD") in the French language relating to the Issuer filed with the AMF on 28 March 2024 under 
no. D24.0209, including the audited consolidated and non-consolidated financial statements of the Issuer 
as of and for the year ended 31 December 2023 (and audit reports thereon) (available by clicking on the 
following hyperlink: click here) 
(b) 
the sections identified in the cross-reference table below of the 2022 Document d'enregistrement universel 
("2022 URD") in the French language relating to the Issuer filed with the AMF on 6 April 2023 under 
no. D23.0252, including the audited consolidated and non-consolidated financial statements of the Issuer 
as of and for the year ended 31 December 2022 (and audit reports thereon) (available by clicking on the 
following hyperlink: click here); 
(c) 
in relation to the issue of Sustainability-Linked Notes only, the sections identified in the cross-reference 
table below of the Issuer's sustainability-linked note framework (the "Sustainability-Linked Note 
Framework") published on 25 May 2022 (available by clicking on the following hyperlink: click here); 
(d) 
the section "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" of the base prospectus dated 5 June 2023 which received 
approval no.23-201 from the AMF on 5 June 2023 (the "2023 Conditions") (available by clicking on the 
following hyperlink: click here); 
(e) 
the section "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" of the base prospectus dated 25 May 2022 which received 
approval no.22-182 from the AMF on 25 May 2022 (the "2022 Conditions") (available by clicking on 
the following hyperlink: click here); 
(f) 
the section "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" of the base prospectus dated 30 June 2021 which received 
approval no.21-263 from the AMF on 30 June 2021 (the "2021 Conditions") (available by clicking on 
the following hyperlink: click here); 
(g) 
the section "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" of the base prospectus dated 28 May 2019 which received 
visa no.19-230 from the AMF on 28 May 2019 (the "2019 Conditions") (available by clicking on the 
following hyperlink: click here), and 
(h) 
the section "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" of the base prospectus dated 25 May 2018 which received 
visa no.18-202 from the AMF on 25 May 2018 (the "2018 Conditions" (available by clicking on the 
following hyperlink: click here) and together with the 2019 Conditions, the 2021 Conditions and the 2022 
Conditions, the "EMTN Previous Conditions"), 
save that any statement contained in a document which is incorporated by reference herein shall be deemed to be 
modified or superseded for the purpose of this Base Prospectus to the extent that a statement contained herein 
modifies or supersedes such earlier statement (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise). Any statement so 
modified or superseded shall not be deemed, except as so modified or superseded, to constitute a part of this Base 
Prospectus. 
This Base Prospectus, any supplement to the Base Prospectus and all documents incorporated by reference into 
this Base Prospectus may be obtained, free of charge on the website of the Issuer (www.carrefour.com). Provision 
of such documents does not constitute a representation that such documents have not been modified or superseded 
in whole or in part as specified above. The Base Prospectus (including any documents incorporated by reference) 
and any supplement to the Base Prospectus will also be available on the website of the AMF (www.amf-
france.org). 
The Final Terms related to Notes admitted to trading on Euronext Paris will be published on the websites of (x) 
the AMF (www.amf-france.org) and (y) the Issuer (www.carrefour.com). If the Notes are admitted to trading on 
a Regulated Market other than Euronext Paris, the relevant Final Terms will provide whether additional methods 
of publication are required and what they consist of.

--- Page 23 ---
10284185454-v11 
- 23 - 
36-41073932 
 
Other than in relation to the documents which are deemed to be incorporated by reference, the information on the 
websites to which this Base Prospectus (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any information on the websites 
which appear in the documents incorporated by reference) refers does not form part of this Base Prospectus and 
has not been scrutinised or approved by the AMF. 
For the purposes of the EU Prospectus Regulation, the information incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus is set out in the cross-reference tables below. Where only certain parts of the documents incorporated 
by reference are incorporated by reference, the non-incorporated parts are either not relevant for investors or 
contained elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. 
Any information not listed in the cross-reference tables below, but included in the documents listed above is given 
for information purposes only. 
The information requested to be disclosed by the Issuer as a result of Annex 7 of the Commission Delegated 
Regulation (EU) 2019/980 (as amended) supplementing the EU Prospectus Regulation is available as follows: 
Cross-reference list in respect of information incorporated by reference 
Annex 7 of the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 of 14 March 2019 
Registration document for wholesale non-equity securities 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
RELEVANT DOCUMENT AND 
PAGES IN THE RELEVANT 
DOCUMENT  
3. RISK FACTORS 
2023 URD 
3.1 A description of the material risks that are specific to the issuer 
and that may affect the issuer's ability to fulfil its obligations under the 
securities, in a limited number of categories, in a section headed 'Risk 
Factors'. In each category the most material risks, in the assessment of 
the issuer, offeror or person asking for admission to trading on a 
regulated market, taking into account the negative impact on the issuer 
and the probability of their occurrence, shall be set out first. The risk 
factors shall be corroborated by the content of the registration 
document. 
Pages 267-282 
4. INFORMATION ABOUT THE ISSUER 
2023 URD 
4.1 History and development of the Issuer 
 
4.1.1 The legal and commercial name of the issuer 
Page 452 
4.1.2 The place of registration of the issuer, its registration number 
and legal entity identifier ('LEI') 
Page 452 
4.1.3 The date of incorporation and the length of life of the issuer, 
except where the period is indefinite 
Page 452 
4.1.4 The domicile and legal form of the issuer, the legislation under 
which the issuer operates, its country of incorporation, the address, 
telephone number of its registered office (or principal place of 
business if different from its registered office) and website of the 
issuer, if any, with a disclaimer that the information on the website 
does not form part of the prospectus unless that information is 
incorporated by reference into the prospectus 
Page 452 
5. BUSINESS OVERVIEW 
2023 URD 
5.1 Principal activities 
 
5.1.1 A brief description of the issuer's principal activities stating the 
main categories of products sold and/or services performed 
Pages 38-44 
5.1.2 The basis for any statements made by the issuer regarding its 
competitive position 
Page 40

--- Page 24 ---
10284185454-v11 
- 24 - 
36-41073932 
 
6. ORGANISATIONAL STRUCTURE 
2023 URD 
6.1 If the issuer is part of a group, a brief description of the group and 
the issuer's position within the group. This may be in the form of, or 
accompanied by, a diagram of the organisational structure if this helps 
to clarify the structure 
Page 52 
7. TREND INFORMATION 
2023 URD 
7.1 A description of: 
(a) any material adverse change in the prospects of the issuer since the 
date of its last published audited financial statements; and 
(b) any significant change in the financial performance of the group 
since the end of the last financial period for which financial 
information has been published to the date of the registration 
document. 
Page 311 
9. 
ADMINISTRATIVE, 
MANAGEMENT, 
AND 
SUPERVISORY BODIES 
2023 URD 
9.1 Names, business addresses and functions within the issuer of the 
following persons and an indication of the principal activities 
performed by them outside of that issuer where these are significant 
with respect to that issuer: 
(a) members of the administrative, management or supervisory 
bodies;  
(b) partners with unlimited liability, in the case of a limited partnership 
with a share capital 
Pages 214-231 
9.2 Potential conflicts of interest between members of the 
administrative and management bodies and the Issuer 
Page 233 
10. MAJOR SHAREHOLDERS 
2023 URD 
10.1 To the extent known to the issuer, state whether the issuer is 
directly or indirectly owned or controlled and by whom and describe 
the nature of such control and describe the measures in place to ensure 
that such control is not abused 
Pages 462-464 
10.2 A description of any arrangements, known to the issuer, the 
operation of which may at a subsequent date result in a change in 
control of the issuer 
Page 464 
11. 
FINANCIAL 
INFORMATION 
CONCERNING 
THE 
ISSUER'S 
ASSETS 
AND 
LIABILITIES, 
FINANCIAL 
POSITION AND PROFITS AND LOSSES 
2023 URD 
2022 URD 
11.1 Historical financial information 
 
 
11.1.1 Historical financial information covering the latest two 
financial years (at least 24 months) or such shorter period as the issuer 
has been in operation and the audit report in respect of each year 
Pages 317-424 
and 426-450 
Pages 330-428 
and 430-454 
11.1.3 Accounting standard 
Pages 326-328 
Pages 338-340 
11.1.4 Where the audited financial information is prepared according 
to national accounting standards, the financial information must 
include at least the following: 
 
 
11.1.4 (a) the balance sheet; 
Page 427 
Page 431 
11.1.4 (b) the income statement; 
Pages 426 
Pages 430 
11.1.4 (c) the accounting policies and explanatory notes. 
Pages 430-447 
Pages 433-451

--- Page 25 ---
10284185454-v11 
- 25 - 
36-41073932 
 
11.5 Consolidated financial statements 
If the issuer prepares both stand-alone and consolidated financial 
statements, include at least the consolidated financial statements in the 
registration document 
Pages 317-421 
Pages 330-425 
11.1.6 Age of financial information 
The balance sheet date of the last year of audited financial information 
may not be older than 18 months from the date of the registration 
document 
Pages 320-321 
Pages 332-333 
11.2 Auditing of Historical financial information 
 
 
11.2.1 The historical financial information must be independently 
audited. The audit report shall be prepared in accordance with the 
Directive 2014/56/EU and Regulation (EU) No 537/2014. 
Where Directive 2014/56/EU and Regulation (EU) No 537/2014 do 
not apply: 
(a) the historical financial information must be audited or reported on 
as to whether or not, for the purposes of the registration document, it 
gives a true and fair view in accordance with auditing standards 
applicable in a Member State or an equivalent standard. Otherwise, 
the following information must be included in the registration 
document:   
(i) a prominent statement disclosing which auditing standards have 
been applied;  
(ii) an explanation of any significant departures from International 
Standards on Auditing;  
Pages 422-424 
Pages 448-450 
Pages 426-428 
Pages 452-454 
11.2.2 Indication of other information in the registration document 
which has been audited by the auditors. 
Pages 263-264 
Pages 275-276 
11.3 Legal and arbitration proceedings 
2023 URD 
11.3.1 Information on any governmental, legal or arbitration 
proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending or 
threatened of which the issuer is aware), during a period covering at 
least the previous 12 months which may have, or have had in the 
recent past significant effects on the issuer and/or group's financial 
position or profitability, or provide an appropriate negative statement. 
Page 294 
 
 
The information requested to be disclosed by the Issuer as a result of Annex 15 item 4.8 (b) of the Commission 
Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 (as amended) supplementing the EU Prospectus Regulation in relation to the 
issue of Sustainability-Linked Notes only is available as follows: 
Cross-reference list in respect of information incorporated by reference 
Annex 15 item 4.8 (b) of the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 of 14 March 2019, as 
amended 
Securities note for wholesale non-equity securities 
Information in relation to Sustainability-Linked Notes 
Page numbers in the Sustainability-
Linked Note Framework: 
• 
The Group's Sustainability Strategy 
Pages 6-19 
• 
Rationale for the Sustainability-Linked Note Framework 
Pages 20-21 
• 
Alignment with ICMA's Sustainability Linked-Bond Principles  
Pages 21-22 
Selection of Key Performance Indicators

--- Page 26 ---
10284185454-v11 
- 26 - 
36-41073932 
 
• 
GHG KPI 
Pages 12-15 
• 
Packaging KPI 
Pages 16-18 
• 
Food Waste KPI 
Pages 18-19 
Calibration of Sustainability Performance Targets 
 
• 
GHG KPI 
Pages 23-24 
• 
Packaging KPI 
Page 25 
• 
Food Waste KPI 
Page 27 
 
The section "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" contained in the 2023 Base Prospectus, 2022 Base Prospectus, 
2021 Base Prospectus, the 2019 Base Prospectus and the 2018 Base Prospectus are incorporated by reference in 
this Base Prospectus for the purpose only of further issues of Notes to be assimilated (assimilées) and form a single 
series with notes already issued under the 2023 Base Prospectus dated 5 June 2023 received the approval number 
23-201 on 5 June 2023 (the "2023 Base Prospectus"), the 2022 Base Prospectus dated 25 May 2022 received the 
approval no 22-182 on 25 May 2022 (the "2022 Base Prospectus"), 2021 Base Prospectus dated 30 June 2021 
which received approval no 21-263 on 30 June 2021 (the "2021 Base Prospectus"), the 2019 Base Prospectus 
dated 28 May 2019 which received visa no 19-230 on 28 May 2019 (the "2019 Base Prospectus") and the 2018 
Base Prospectus dated 25 May 2018 which received visa no 18-202 on 25 May 2018 (the "2018 Base Prospectus", 
and together with the 2019 Base Prospectus, the 2021 Base Prospectus and the 2022 Base Prospectus, the 
"Previous Base Prospectuses"). 
EMTN Previous Conditions 
2023 Conditions 
Pages 28 to 62 of the 2023 Base Prospectus 
2022 Conditions 
Pages 28 to 62 of the 2022 Base Prospectus 
2021 Conditions 
Pages 21 to 53 of the 2021 Base Prospectus 
2019 Conditions 
Pages 19 to 50 of the 2019 Base Prospectus 
2018 Conditions 
Pages 17 to 41 of the 2018 Base Prospectus 
 
Non-incorporated parts of Previous Base Prospectuses are not relevant for investors. 
 
In relation to the issue of Sustainability-Linked Notes, the following table cross-references information contained 
in the 2023 URD, for information purposes only as additional information that is not required by Annex 7 nor 
Annex 15, for Noteholders that may wish to complete their understanding of the Corporate Social Responsibility 
and Performance strategy of the Group: 
Information in relation to the Group's Corporate Social Responsibility 
and Performance strategy: 
Page numbers in the 2023 URD 
• 
Non-financial policies, action plans and performance 
• 
Carrefour's duty of care  
Pages 56-202

--- Page 27 ---
10284185454-v11 
- 27 - 
36-41073932 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions that, subject to completion in accordance with the provisions 
of the relevant Final Terms (as defined below), shall be applicable to the Notes. 
In the case of Dematerialised Notes, the text of the terms and conditions will not be endorsed on physical 
documents of title but will be constituted by the following text as completed by the relevant Final Terms. In the 
case of Materialised Notes, either (i) the full text of these terms and conditions together with the relevant provisions 
of the Final Terms or (ii) these terms and conditions as so completed (and subject to simplification by the deletion 
of non-applicable provisions), shall be endorsed on Definitive Materialised Notes. All capitalised terms that are 
not defined in these Conditions (as defined below) will have the meanings given to them in the relevant Final 
Terms. References in the Conditions to "Notes" are to the Notes of one Series only, not to all Notes that may be 
issued under the Programme. 
The Notes are issued by Carrefour (the "Issuer") in series (each a "Series") having one or more issue dates and on 
terms otherwise identical (or identical other than in respect of the first payment of interest, issue price and nominal 
amount of the Tranche), the Notes of each Series being intended to be interchangeable with all other Notes of that 
Series. Each Series may be issued in tranches (each a "Tranche") on the same or different issue dates. The specific 
terms of each Tranche (which, save in respect of the issue date, issue price, first payment of interest and nominal 
amount of the Tranche, will be identical to the terms of other Tranches of the same Series) will be set out in the 
Final Terms of such Tranche (the "Final Terms"). 
The Notes are issued with the benefit of an amended and restated agency agreement dated 5 June 2024 between 
the Issuer and BNP Paribas (acting through its Securities Services business), as fiscal agent and the other agents 
named in it (the "Agency Agreement"). The fiscal agent, the paying agents and the calculation agent(s) for the 
time being (if any) are referred to below respectively as the "Fiscal Agent", the "Paying Agents" (which 
expression shall include the Fiscal Agent) and the "Calculation Agent(s)". 
For the purpose of these Conditions, "Regulated Market" means any regulated market situated in a Member State 
of the European Economic Area ("EEA") as defined in the Directive 2014/65/EU on markets in financial 
instruments as amended. 
References below to "Conditions" are, unless the context requires otherwise, to the numbered paragraphs below. 
In these Conditions, unless otherwise specified or the context otherwise requires, references below to "day" or 
"days" mean a calendar day. 
1. 
Form, Denomination and Title 
(a) 
Form: Notes may be issued either in dematerialised form ("Dematerialised Notes") or in 
materialised form ("Materialised Notes"), as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(i) 
Title to Dematerialised Notes will be evidenced in accordance with Articles L.211-3 et 
seq. and R.211-1 of the French Code monétaire et financier (the "Code") by book 
entries (inscriptions en compte). No physical document of title (including certificats 
représentatifs pursuant to Article R.211-7 of the Code) will be issued in respect of the 
Dematerialised Notes. 
Dematerialised Notes are issued, at the option of the Issuer, in either bearer 
dematerialised form (au porteur), which will be inscribed in the books of Euroclear 
France ("Euroclear France", acting as central depository) which shall credit the 
accounts of Account Holders (as defined below), or in registered dematerialised form 
(au nominatif) and, in such latter case, at the option of the relevant Noteholder in either 
administered registered form (au nominatif administré) inscribed in the books of an 
Account Holder or in fully registered form (au nominatif pur) inscribed in an account 
maintained by the Issuer or the registration agent (designated in the relevant Final 
Terms) acting on behalf of the Issuer (the "Registration Agent"). 
Unless this option is expressly excluded in the relevant Final Terms in accordance with 
the provisions of Article L.228-2 of the French Code de commerce, the Issuer may at 
any time request from the central depositary the following identification information of 
the holders of Dematerialised Notes in bearer form (au porteur): the name or the 
company name, nationality, date of birth or year of incorporation and mail address or,

--- Page 28 ---
10284185454-v11 
- 28 - 
36-41073932 
 
as the case may be, e-mail address as well as the quantity of Notes held by each of them 
and any restrictions applicable to the Notes. 
For the purpose of these Conditions, "Account Holder" means any authorised financial 
intermediary institution entitled, either directly or indirectly, to hold accounts on behalf 
of its customers with Euroclear France, and includes Euroclear Bank SA/NV, as 
operator of the Euroclear System ("Euroclear") and the depositary bank for 
Clearstream Banking, S.A. ("Clearstream, Luxembourg"). 
(ii) 
Materialised Notes are issued in bearer form only. Materialised Notes are serially 
numbered and are issued with coupons (the "Coupons") (and, where appropriate, a 
talon (the "Talon")) attached, save in the case of Zero Coupon Notes in which case 
references to interest (other than in relation to interest due after the Maturity Date), 
Coupons and Talons in these Conditions are not applicable. 
In accordance with Articles L.211-3 et seq. and R. 211-1 of the Code, securities (such as 
Notes) which are governed by French law and are in materialised form must be issued 
outside the French territory. 
(b) 
Denomination: Notes shall be issued in the specified denomination set out in the relevant Final 
Terms (the "Specified Denomination") save that the minimum denomination of each Note 
admitted to trading on a Regulated Market in circumstances which require the publication of a 
prospectus under the EU Prospectus Regulation will be €100,000 (or, if the Notes are 
denominated in a currency other than euro, the equivalent amount in such other currency at the 
issue date or such other higher amount as may be allowed or required from time to time by the 
relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or regulations applicable to the relevant 
Specified Currency (as defined below)). 
Unless permitted by the then current laws and regulations, Notes (including Notes denominated 
in Sterling) which have a maturity of less than one (1) year and in respect of which the issue 
proceeds are to be accepted by the Issuer in the United Kingdom or whose issue otherwise 
constitutes a contravention of section 19 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 must 
have a minimum redemption amount of £100,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies). 
Dematerialised Notes shall be issued in one Specified Denomination only. 
(c) 
Title: 
(i) 
Title to Dematerialised Notes in bearer dematerialised form (au porteur) and in 
administered registered form (au nominatif administré) shall pass upon, and transfer of 
such Notes may only be effected through, registration of the transfer in the accounts of 
Account Holders. Title to Dematerialised Notes in fully registered form (au nominatif 
pur) shall pass upon, and transfer of such Notes may only be effected through, 
registration of the transfer in the accounts of the Issuer or the Registration Agent. 
(ii) 
Title to Materialised Notes in definitive form having, where appropriate, Coupons 
and/or a Talon attached thereto on issue ("Definitive Materialised Notes"), shall pass 
by delivery. 
(iii) 
Except as ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction or as required by law, the holder 
(as defined below) of any Note, Coupon or Talon shall be deemed to be and may be 
treated as its absolute owner for all purposes, whether or not it is overdue and regardless 
of any notice of ownership, or an interest in it, any writing on it or its theft or loss and 
no person shall be liable for so treating the holder. 
(iv) 
In these Conditions, "Noteholder", "holder of Notes" or, as the case may be, "holder 
of any Note" means (i) in the case of Dematerialised Notes, the person whose name 
appears in the account of the relevant Account Holder or the Issuer or the Registration 
Agent (as the case may be) as being entitled to such Notes and (ii) in the case of 
Materialised Notes, the bearer of any Definitive Materialised Note and the Coupons, or 
Talon relating to it, and capitalised terms have the meanings given to them in the

--- Page 29 ---
10284185454-v11 
- 29 - 
36-41073932 
 
relevant Final Terms, the absence of any such meaning indicating that such term is not 
applicable to the Notes. 
2. 
Conversion and Exchanges of Notes 
(a) 
Dematerialised Notes 
(i) 
Dematerialised Notes issued in bearer dematerialised form (au porteur) may not be 
converted into Dematerialised Notes in registered dematerialised form, whether in fully 
registered form (au nominatif pur) or in administered registered form (au nominatif 
administré). 
(ii) 
Dematerialised Notes issued in registered dematerialised form (au nominatif) may not 
be converted into Dematerialised Notes in bearer dematerialised form (au porteur). 
(iii) 
Dematerialised Notes issued in fully registered form (au nominatif pur) may, at the 
option of the Noteholder, be converted into Notes in administered registered form (au 
nominatif administré), and vice versa. The exercise of any such option by such 
Noteholder shall be made in accordance with Article R.211-4 of the Code. Any such 
conversion shall be effected at the cost of such Noteholder. 
(b) 
Materialised Notes 
Materialised Notes of one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for Materialised Notes 
of another Specified Denomination. 
3. 
Status 
(a) 
Status of Unsubordinated Notes: Unsubordinated Notes (being those Notes the status of which 
the relevant Final Terms specify as being Unsubordinated Notes) and, where applicable, the 
Coupons relating to them constitute (subject to Condition 4) unsecured and unsubordinated 
obligations of the Issuer and rank and will rank pari passu without any preference among 
themselves and, subject to statutorily preferred exceptions, equally and rateably with all other 
unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer for borrowed money. 
(b) 
Status of Subordinated Notes: 
(i) 
The Subordinated Notes (being those Notes the status of which the relevant Final Terms 
specify as being Subordinated Notes) and the Coupons relating to them, constitute 
direct, unconditional and unsecured obligations of the Issuer and rank and will rank 
pari passu and rateably without any preference among themselves together with all 
other unsecured subordinated obligations of the Issuer with the exception of the prêts 
participatifs granted to, and titres participatifs issued by, the Issuer. If any judgment is 
rendered by any competent court declaring the judicial liquidation (liquidation 
judiciaire) of the Issuer or, following an order of redressement judiciaire, the sale of 
the whole business (cession totale de l'entreprise) of the Issuer, or if the Issuer is 
liquidated for any other reason, the payment obligations of the Issuer under the 
Subordinated Notes and the Coupons relating to them shall be subordinated to the 
payment in full of the unsubordinated creditors of the Issuer and, subject to such 
payment in full, the holders of the Subordinated Notes and the holders of the Coupons 
relating to them will be paid in priority to any prêts participatifs granted to, and any 
titres participatifs issued by, the Issuer. 
(ii) 
In the event of incomplete payment of unsubordinated creditors on the liquidation 
judiciaire or the cession totale de l'entreprise of the Issuer or its liquidation for any 
other reason, the obligations of the Issuer in connection with the Subordinated Notes 
and the Coupons, will be terminated by operation of law.

--- Page 30 ---
10284185454-v11 
- 30 - 
36-41073932 
 
4. 
Negative Pledge 
So long as any of the Unsubordinated Notes or, if applicable, Coupons relating to them remain 
outstanding, the Issuer will not, and will procure that none of its Principal Subsidiaries (as defined below) 
will, create or permit to subsist any Security Interest (as defined below) upon the whole or any part of 
their respective undertakings or assets, present or future, to secure any Relevant Indebtedness (as defined 
below) incurred by the Issuer or any such Principal Subsidiary or to secure any guarantee or indemnity 
given by the Issuer or any such Principal Subsidiary in respect of any Relevant Indebtedness incurred by 
the Issuer or any such Principal Subsidiary, without at the same time granting to the holders of such Notes 
and Coupons the same security as is created or subsisting to secure any such Relevant Indebtedness, 
guarantee or indemnity or such other security as shall be approved by a General Meeting (as defined in 
Condition 11(e)) of the Noteholders, provided that this Condition 4 shall not apply in respect of any 
Security Interest existing on the date of issue of the Unsubordinated Notes. 
As used in these Conditions: 
"outstanding" means, in relation to the Notes of any Series, all the Notes issued other than (a) those that 
have been redeemed in accordance with the Conditions, (b) those in respect of which the date for 
redemption in accordance with the Conditions has occurred and the redemption moneys (including all 
interest accrued on such Notes to the date for such redemption and any interest payable after such date) 
have been duly paid (i) in the case of Dematerialised Notes in bearer form and in administered registered 
form, to the relevant Account Holders on behalf of the Noteholder as provided in Condition 7(a), (ii) in 
the case of Dematerialised Notes in fully registered form, to the account of the Noteholder as provided in 
Condition 7(a) and (iii) in the case of Materialised Notes, to the Fiscal Agent as provided in the Agency 
Agreement and remain available for payment against presentation and surrender of Materialised Notes 
and/or Coupons, as the case may be, (c) those which have become void or in respect of which claims have 
become prescribed, (d) those which have been purchased and cancelled or purchased and held as provided 
in the Conditions, (e) in the case of Materialised Notes (i) those mutilated or defaced Materialised Notes 
that have been surrendered in exchange for replacement Materialised Notes, (ii) (for the purpose only of 
determining how many such Materialised Notes are outstanding and without prejudice to their status for 
any other purpose) those Materialised Notes alleged to have been lost, stolen or destroyed and in respect 
of which replacement Materialised Notes have been issued and (iii) any Temporary Global Certificate to 
the extent that it shall have been exchanged for one or more Definitive Materialised Notes, pursuant to 
its provisions; 
"Principal Subsidiary" means a Subsidiary the consolidated net turnover of which is at least 15 per cent. 
of the consolidated net turnover of the Issuer and its consolidated subsidiaries (the "Consolidated 
Group") or which owns at least 15 per cent. of the total consolidated assets of the Consolidated Group, 
in each case calculated by reference to the latest audited consolidated accounts of the Issuer; 
"Relevant Indebtedness" means any present or future indebtedness for borrowed money which is in the 
form of or represented by bonds (obligations), notes or other similar debt securities which are, or are 
capable of being, listed, quoted or dealt in or traded on any stock exchange or over-the-counter or other 
securities market; 
"Security Interest" means any mortgage, charge, lien or other security interest (sûreté réelle); and 
"Subsidiary" means at any particular time, a company which is then directly or indirectly controlled, 
or more than 50 per cent. of whose issued equity share capital (or equivalent) is then beneficially owned, 
by the Issuer, or one or more of its Subsidiaries. For a company to be "controlled" by another means that 
the other (whether directly or indirectly and whether by the ownership of share capital, the possession of 
voting power, contract or otherwise) has the power to appoint and/or remove all or the majority of the 
members of the board of directors or other governing body of that company or otherwise controls or has 
the power to control the affairs and policies of that company. 
5. 
Interest and other Calculations 
(a) 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes: Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal 
amount from and including the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed 
as a percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest, such interest being payable in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date. The amount of interest payable shall be determined in accordance with 
Condition 5(h).

--- Page 31 ---
10284185454-v11 
- 31 - 
36-41073932 
 
(b) 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes: 
(i) 
Interest Payment Dates: Each Floating Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding 
nominal amount from and including the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per 
annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest, such interest being 
payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date. The amount of interest payable shall 
be determined in accordance with Condition 5(h). Such Interest Payment Date(s) is/are 
either shown in the relevant Final Terms as Specified Interest Payment Dates or, if no 
Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are shown in the relevant Final Terms, Interest 
Payment Date shall mean each date which falls the number of months or other period 
shown in the relevant Final Terms as the Interest Period after the preceding Interest 
Payment Date or, in the case of the first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest 
Commencement Date. 
(ii) 
Business Day Convention: If any date referred to in these Conditions that is specified 
to be subject to adjustment in accordance with a Business Day Convention would 
otherwise fall on a day that is not a Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention 
specified is (A) the Floating Rate Business Day Convention, such date shall be 
postponed to the next day that is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the 
next calendar month, in which event (x) such date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day and (y) each subsequent such date shall be the 
last Business Day of the month in which such date would have fallen had it not been 
subject to adjustment, (B) the Following Business Day Convention, such date shall be 
postponed to the next day that is a Business Day, (C) the Modified Following Business 
Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day 
unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event such date shall 
be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day or (D) the Preceding 
Business Day Convention, such date shall be brought forward to the immediately 
preceding Business Day. 
(iii) 
Rate of Interest for Floating Rate Notes: The Rate of Interest in respect of Floating Rate 
Notes for each Interest Accrual Period shall be determined in the manner specified in 
the relevant Final Terms and the provisions below relating to either ISDA 
Determination, FBF Determination, Screen Rate Determination or Linear Interpolation 
shall apply, depending upon which is specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(A) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest 
for each Interest Accrual Period shall be determined by the Calculation Agent 
as a rate equal to the relevant ISDA Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the 
relevant Final Terms) the Margin (if any). For the purposes of this sub-
paragraph (A), "ISDA Rate" for an Interest Accrual Period means a rate equal 
to the Floating Rate that would be determined by the Calculation Agent under 
a Swap Transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating the ISDA 
Definitions and under which: 
(x) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(y) 
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the relevant Final 
Terms; and 
(x) 
the relevant Reset Date is the first day of that Interest Accrual Period 
unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), "Floating Rate", "Floating Rate 
Option", "Designated Maturity", "Reset Date" and "Swap Transaction" 
have the meanings given to those terms in the ISDA Definitions.

--- Page 32 ---
10284185454-v11 
- 32 - 
36-41073932 
 
(B) 
FBF Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where FBF Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest 
for each Interest Accrual Period shall be determined by the Calculation Agent 
as a rate equal to the relevant FBF Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the 
relevant Final Terms) the Margin (if any). For the purposes of this sub-
paragraph (B), "FBF Rate" for an Interest Accrual Period means a rate equal 
to the Floating Rate that would be determined by the Calculation Agent under 
a Transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating the FBF 
Definitions and under which: 
(1) 
the Floating Rate is as specified in the relevant Final Terms, and 
(2) 
the relevant Floating Rate Determination Date (Date de 
Détermination du Taux Variable) is the first calendar day of that 
Interest Accrual Period unless otherwise specified in the relevant 
Final terms. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (B), "Floating Rate" (Taux Variable), 
"Floating Rate Determination Date" (Date de Détermination du Taux 
Variable) and "Transaction" (Transaction) have the meanings given to those 
terms in the FBF Definitions, provided that EURIBOR means the rate 
calculated for deposits in euro which appears on Reuters Page EURIBOR01, 
as more fully described in the relevant Final Terms. "FBF Definitions" means 
the definitions set out in the 2013 FBF Master Agreement relating to 
transactions on forward financial instruments a supplemented by the 
Fédération Bancaire Française (together the "FBF Master Agreement"). 
Investors should consult the Issuer should they require a copy of the FBF 
Definitions. 
(C) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
(1) 
Where "Screen Rate Determination-IBOR" is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to 
be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period 
will, subject as provided below or (if applicable) in Condition 
5(b)(iii)(C)(3), be either: 
(a) 
the offered quotation; or 
(b) 
the arithmetic mean of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate(s) 
which appears or appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen 
Page as at the Relevant Screen Page Time on the Interest 
Determination Date in question as determined by the Calculation 
Agent. If five or more of such offered quotations are available on the 
Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, if there is more than one such 
highest quotation, one only of such quotations) and the lowest (or, if 
there is more than one such lowest quotation, one only of such 
quotations) shall be disregarded by the Calculation Agent for the 
purpose of determining the arithmetic mean of such offered 
quotations. 
(2) 
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available or, if sub-paragraph (1)(a) 
applies and no such offered quotation appears on the Relevant Screen 
Page, or, if sub-paragraph (1)(b) applies and fewer than three such 
offered quotations appear on the Relevant Screen Page, in each case 
as at the time specified above, subject as provided below, the 
Calculation Agent shall request each of the Reference Banks to

--- Page 33 ---
10284185454-v11 
- 33 - 
36-41073932 
 
provide the Calculation Agent with its offered quotation (expressed 
as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate at the 
Relevant Screen Page Time on the Interest Determination Date in 
question. If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the 
Calculation Agent with such offered quotations, the Rate of Interest 
for such Interest Accrual Period shall be the arithmetic mean of such 
offered quotations as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
If paragraph (2) above applies and the Calculation Agent determines 
that fewer than two Reference Banks are providing offered 
quotations, subject as provided below, the Rate of Interest shall be 
the arithmetic mean of the rates per annum (expressed as a 
percentage) as communicated to (and at the request of) the 
Calculation Agent by the Reference Banks or any two or more of 
them, at which such banks were offered at the Relevant Screen Page 
Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, deposits in the 
Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been 
used for the Reference Rate by leading banks in the Relevant Inter-
Bank Market, or, if fewer than two of the Reference Banks provide 
the Calculation Agent with such offered rates, the offered rate for 
deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which 
would have been used for the Reference Rate, or the arithmetic mean 
of the offered rates for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period 
equal to that which would have been used for the Reference Rate, at 
the Relevant Screen Page Time on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date, any one or more banks (which bank or banks is 
or are in the opinion of the Calculation Agent and the Issuer suitable 
for such purpose) informs the Calculation Agent it is quoting to 
leading banks in, the Relevant Inter-Bank Market provided that, if 
the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the 
foregoing provisions of this paragraph, the Rate of Interest shall be 
determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date 
(though substituting, where a different Margin or Maximum or 
Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest 
Accrual Period, the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of 
Interest relating to the relevant Interest Accrual Period, in place of 
the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that 
last preceding Interest Accrual Period). 
If paragraph (2) above applies and, in the case of a Reference Rate 
other than an inter-bank offered rate, for any reason, the Reference 
Rate is no longer published or if fewer than three quotations are 
provided to the Calculation Agent in accordance with the above 
paragraph, the Reference Rate will be determined by the Calculation 
Agent in its sole discretion, acting in good faith and in a commercial 
and reasonable manner. 
(3) 
Benchmark discontinuation 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, 
if a Benchmark Event occurs, then the provisions of this paragraph 
(5) shall apply and prevail over other fallbacks provisions specified 
in Condition 5(b)(iii)(C). 
If a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to an Original Reference 
Rate at any time when the Terms and Conditions of any Notes 
provide for any rate of interest (or any component part thereof) to be 
determined by reference to such Original Reference Rate, then the

--- Page 34 ---
10284185454-v11 
- 34 - 
36-41073932 
 
following provisions shall apply and prevail over other fallbacks 
specified in Condition 5(b)(iii)(C). 
(i) 
Independent Adviser 
The Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent 
Adviser, as soon as reasonably practicable, to determine a Successor 
Rate, failing which an Alternative Rate (in accordance with 
Condition 5(b)(iii)(C)(ii)) and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread, 
if any (in accordance with Condition 5(b)(iii)(C)(3)(iii)) and any 
Benchmark 
Amendments 
(in 
accordance 
with 
Condition 
5(b)(iii)(C)(3))(iv). 
(ii) 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
If the Independent Adviser determines in good faith that: 
(I) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate shall 
(subject to adjustment as provided in Condition 
5(b)(iii)(C)(3)(iii)) subsequently be used in place of the 
Original Reference Rate to determine the relevant Rate(s) 
of Interest (or the relevant component part(s) thereof) for 
all relevant future payments of interest on the Notes 
(subject to the further operation of this Condition 
5(b)(iii)(C)(3)); or 
(II) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative 
Rate, then such Alternative Rate shall (subject to 
adjustment as provided in Condition 5(b)(iii)(C)(3)(iii)) 
subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference 
Rate to determine the relevant Rate(s) of Interest (or the 
relevant component part(s) thereof) for all relevant future 
payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the further 
operation of this Condition 5(b)(iii)(C)(3)). 
(iii) 
Adjustment Spread 
If the Independent Adviser determines in good faith (i) that an 
Adjustment Spread is required to be applied to the Successor Rate or 
the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and (ii) the quantum of, or 
a formula or methodology for determining, such Adjustment Spread, 
then such Adjustment Spread shall be applied to the Successor Rate 
or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) for each subsequent 
determination of a relevant Rate of Interest (or a relevant component 
part thereof) by reference to such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
(as applicable). 
For the avoidance of doubt, the determination of any Adjustment 
Spread by the Independent Adviser (i) shall not affect the application, 
with respect to a particular Interest Period, of the Margin specified as 
applicable to such Interest Period in the Final Terms and (ii) shall 
only be made, in accordance with customary market usage in the 
international debt capital markets, to reduce or eliminate, to the 
fullest extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any 
economic prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) to Noteholders. 
(iv) 
Benchmark Amendments 
If any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread is 
determined in accordance with this Condition 5(b)(iii)(C)(3) and the 
Independent Adviser determines in good faith (A) that amendments 
to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes (including, without 
limitation, amendments to the definitions of Day Count Fraction, 
Business Days or Relevant Screen Page) are strictly necessary to 
ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate, Alternative Rate

--- Page 35 ---
10284185454-v11 
- 35 - 
36-41073932 
 
and/or Adjustment Spread (such amendments, the "Benchmark 
Amendments") and (B) the terms of the Benchmark Amendments, 
then the Issuer shall, subject to giving notice thereof in accordance 
with Condition 5(b)(iii)(C)(3)(v), without any requirement for the 
consent or approval of Noteholders, vary the Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes to give effect to such Benchmark Amendments with 
effect from the date specified in such notice. 
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this 
Condition 5(b)(iii)(C)(3)(iv), the Issuer shall comply with the rules 
of any stock exchange on which the Notes are for the time being 
listed or admitted to trading. 
(v) 
Notices, etc. 
The Issuer shall, after receiving such information from the 
Independent Adviser, notify the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent, 
the Paying Agents, the Representative (if any) and, in accordance 
with Condition 14, the Noteholders, promptly of any Successor Rate, 
Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and of the specific terms of any 
Benchmark Amendments, determined under this Condition 
5(b)(iii)(C)(3). Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the 
effective date of the Benchmark Amendments, if any. 
(vi) 
Fallbacks 
If, following the occurrence of a Benchmark Event and in relation to 
the determination of the Rate of Interest on the immediately 
following Interest Determination Date, no Independent Adviser has 
been appointed or no Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as 
applicable) is determined pursuant to this provision, the fallback 
provisions applicable to the Original Reference Rate will apply to 
such determination, provided that such fallbacks may in certain 
circumstances, lead to apply the Rate of Interest determined as at the 
last preceding Interest Determination Date. 
In such circumstances, the Issuer will be entitled (but not obliged), at 
any time thereafter, to elect to re-apply the provisions of this 
Condition 5(b)(iii)(C)(3), mutatis mutandis, on one or more 
occasions until a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (and, if 
applicable, any associated Adjustment Spread and/or Benchmark 
Amendments) has been determined and notified in accordance with 
this Condition 5(b)(iii)(C)(3) (and, until such determination and 
notification (if any), the fallback provisions provided elsewhere in 
these Terms and Conditions, including, for the avoidance of doubt, 
the fallbacks specified in Condition 5(b)(iii)(C)(3), will continue to 
apply). 
(vii) 
Definitions 
In this Condition 5(b)(iii)(C)(3): 
"Adjustment Spread" means either a spread (which may be positive 
or negative), or the formula or methodology for calculating a spread, 
in either case, which the Independent Adviser determines and which 
is required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate 
(as the case may be) to reduce or eliminate, to the fullest extent 
reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice 
or benefit (as the case may be) to Noteholders as a result of the 
replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate 
or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and is the spread, formula 
or methodology which:

--- Page 36 ---
10284185454-v11 
- 36 - 
36-41073932 
 
a) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended, or 
formally provided as an option for parties to adopt, in 
relation to the replacement of the Original Reference Rate 
with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; 
b) 
in the case of an Alternative Rate (or in the case of a 
Successor Rate where (a) above does not apply), is in 
customary market usage in the international debt capital 
market for transactions which reference the Original 
Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the 
Alternative Rate (or, as the case may be, the Successor Rate); 
or 
c) 
if no such recommendation or option has been made (or 
made available), or the Independent Adviser determines 
there is no such spread, formula or methodology in 
customary market usage, the Independent Adviser, acting in 
good faith, determines to be appropriate. 
"Alternative Rate" means, in the absence of Successor Rate, an 
alternative benchmark or screen rate which the Independent Adviser 
determines in accordance with this Condition 5(b)(iii)(C)(3) and 
which is customary market usage in the international debt capital 
markets for the purposes of determining rates of interest (or the 
relevant component part thereof) for a commensurate interest period 
(if there is such a customary market usage at such time) and in the 
same Specified Currency as the Notes. 
"Benchmark Event" means, with respect to an Original Reference 
Rate: 
a) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to exist or be published; 
b) 
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the 
administrator of the Original Reference Rate that it will, on 
or before a specified date, cease publishing the Original 
Reference 
Rate 
permanently 
or 
indefinitely 
(in 
circumstances where no successor administrator has been 
appointed that will continue publication of the Original 
Reference Rate) and (ii) the date falling six (6) months prior 
to the date specified in (b)(i); 
c) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the 
administrator of the Original Reference Rate that the 
Original Reference Rate has been permanently or 
indefinitely discontinued; 
d) 
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the 
supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference 
Rate that the Original Reference Rate will, on or before a 
specified date, be permanently or indefinitely discontinued 
and (ii) the date falling six (6) months prior to the date 
specified in (d)(i); 
e) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the 
administrator of the Original Reference Rate that means the 
Original Reference Rate will be prohibited from being used 
or that its use will be subject to restrictions or adverse 
consequences, in each case within the following six (6) 
months; 
f) 
it has or will prior to the next Interest Determination Date, 
become unlawful for the Issuer, the party responsible for 
determining the Rate of Interest (being the Calculation Agent

--- Page 37 ---
10284185454-v11 
- 37 - 
36-41073932 
 
or such other party specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
as applicable), or any Paying Agent to calculate any 
payments due to be made to any Noteholder using the 
Original Reference Rate (including, without limitation, 
under the Benchmarks Regulation (EU) 2016/2011 as 
amended, if applicable); 
g) 
that a decision to withdraw the authorisation or registration 
pursuant to Article 35 of the Benchmarks Regulation 
(Regulation (EU) 2016/2011 as amended) of any benchmark 
administrator previously authorised to publish such Original 
Reference Rate has been adopted; or 
h) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the 
administrator of the Original Reference Rate that, in the view 
of such supervisor, such Reference Rate is or will, by a 
specified future date, be no longer representative of an 
underlying market. 
"Independent Adviser" means an independent financial institution 
of international repute or an independent adviser of recognised 
standing with appropriate expertise, at all times acting in good faith 
and in a commercially reasonable manner, appointed by the Issuer at 
its own expense under Condition 5(b)(iii)(C)(3)(i). 
"Original Reference Rate" means the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable) originally specified in the relevant Final Terms for the 
purpose of determining the relevant Rate of Interest (or any relevant 
component part(s) thereof) on the Notes. 
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, in respect of a benchmark or 
screen rate (as applicable): 
a) 
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or 
screen rate (as applicable) relates, or any central bank or 
other supervisory authority which is responsible for 
supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate 
(as applicable); or 
b) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or 
co-chaired by or constituted at the request of (i) the central 
bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate 
(as applicable) relates, (ii) any central bank or other 
supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising 
the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable), (iii) a group of the aforementioned central banks 
or other supervisory authorities or (iv) the Financial Stability 
Board or any part thereof. 
"Successor Rate" means a successor to or replacement of the 
Original Reference Rate which is formally recommended by any 
Relevant Nominating Body. If, following a Benchmark Event, more 
than one successor or replacement rates are recommended by any 
Relevant Nominating Body, the Independent Adviser will determine, 
among those successor or replacement rates, the one which is the 
most appropriate, taking into consideration, without limitation, the 
particular features of the relevant Notes. 
(D) 
Linear Interpolation 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
applicable in respect of an Interest Accrual Period, the Rate of Interest for such 
Interest Accrual Period shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent by 
straight line linear interpolation by reference to two rates based on the relevant

--- Page 38 ---
10284185454-v11 
- 38 - 
36-41073932 
 
Reference Rate (where Screen Rate Determination-IBOR is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as applicable), the relevant Floating Rate Option (where 
ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as applicable; 
which term shall include, for the purposes of this paragraph, the relevant 
Alternative Rate or the relevant Successor Rate, to the extent and as 
applicable), or the relevant Floating Rate (where FBF Determination is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as applicable) one of which shall be 
determined as if the Applicable Maturity were the period of time for which 
rates are available next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period and the other of which shall be determined as if the Applicable Maturity 
were the period of time for which rates are available next longer than the 
length of the relevant Interest Accrual Period, provided, however, that if no 
rate is available for a period of time immediately inferior or, as the case may 
be, immediately superior than the length of the relevant Interest Period, then 
the Calculation Agent shall determine such rate at such time and by reference 
to such sources as it determines appropriate. 
"Applicable Maturity" means: (a) in relation to Screen Rate Determination-
IBOR, the period of time designated in the Reference Rate, (b) in relation to 
ISDA Determination, the Designated Maturity and (c) in relation to FBF 
Determination, the period of time designated in the Floating Rate. 
(c) 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes: Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate that, on the 
date specified in the relevant Final Terms (the "Switch Date") (i) the Issuer may elect to convert 
from a Fixed Rate to a Floating Rate, or from a Floating Rate to a Fixed Rate (the "Issuer 
Change of Interest Basis"), it being specified that the Issuer Change of Interest Basis shall be 
deemed effective after notice by the Issuer to the Noteholders within the period specified in the 
relevant Final Terms in accordance with Condition 14, or (ii) will automatically change from a 
Fixed Rate to a Floating Rate or from a Floating Rate to a Fixed Rate (the "Automatic Change 
of Interest Basis"), as specified in the Final Terms. 
If the Switch Date specified in the relevant Final Terms is not a Business Day then such date 
shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day, unless it would thereby fall into the 
next calendar month, in which event such date shall be brought forward to the immediately 
preceding Business Day. 
(d) 
Sustainability-Linked Notes: If "Sustainability Interest Step Up Option" is specified as being 
applicable in the relevant Final Terms, Fixed Rate Notes will be Sustainability-Linked Notes. 
(i) 
Interest Step Up 
If a Sustainability Trigger Event has occurred as at any Target Observation Date falling 
prior to any Interest Step Up Payment Date, the Rate of Interest for Sustainability-
Linked Notes, in relation to the Interest Period ending on such Interest Step Up Payment 
Date, will be the Initial Rate of Interest, increased by the Step Up specified in the 
applicable Final Terms (such increase, an "Interest Step Up"). 
(ii) 
Notification of Sustainability Trigger Event 
If a Sustainability Trigger Event occurs, the Issuer shall give notice of such 
Sustainability Trigger Event and the related Interest Step Up to the Principal Paying 
Agent, and, in accordance with Condition 14, the Noteholders as soon as reasonably 
practicable after the occurrence of such Sustainability Trigger Event and in no event 
later than the date falling fifteen (15) Business Days prior to the relevant Interest Step 
Up Payment Date. 
(iii) 
Sustainability Reporting 
For each financial year ending on 31 December from the financial year during which 
the Issue Date of any Sustainability-Linked Notes falls and so long as any of the 
Sustainability Linked Notes or, if applicable, Coupons relating to them remain

--- Page 39 ---
10284185454-v11 
- 39 - 
36-41073932 
 
outstanding, the Issuer shall include in a dedicated section of its Universal Registration 
Document or publish on its website as a separate report or document: 
(i) 
the level of the relevant Key Performance Indicator(s) as at 31 December in 
each year (the "Sustainability Performance Report"); 
(ii) 
an assurance report issued by the External Verifier confirming the level of the 
applicable Key Performance Indicator(s) provided in the Sustainability 
Performance Report (the "Assurance Report"); and 
(iii) 
following the occurrence of a Target Observation Date, a certificate issued by 
the External Verifier confirming whether or not the Group has achieved the 
relevant Sustainability Performance Target(s) as at such Target Observation 
Date (the "SPT Verification Assurance Certificate"). 
The Sustainability Performance Report, the Assurance Report and, if applicable, the 
SPT Verification Assurance Certificate shall be published no later than the date of 
publication of the Issuer's Universal Registration Document. 
(iv) 
Absence of Event of Default 
The occurrence of any Sustainability Trigger Event shall not constitute an Event of 
Default or a breach of the Issuer's obligations under the Notes.  
(v) 
Recalculation 
In the event of any change (i) to the calculation methodology of any Sustainability 
Performance Target(s), or (ii) in data due to better data accessibility, or (iii) in the 
Group's perimeter, which, individually or in aggregate, has a significant impact on the 
levels of the Sustainability Performance Target(s),  
then the level of the Key Performance Indicator(s) used as a baseline, the Baseline Date 
and/or the Sustainability Performance Target(s) may be recalculated in good faith by 
the Issuer to reflect such change, provided that: 
(A) 
such change has no adverse effect on the interests of the Noteholders, and 
(B) 
an External Verifier has independently confirmed that the proposed revision: 
(1) 
is consistent with the Issuer's strategy; and 
(2) 
is in line with the initial level of ambition of the Sustainability 
Performance Target(s), 
as described in the Issuer's Sustainability-Linked Note Framework. 
Any such change will be communicated as soon as reasonably practicable by the Issuer 
to the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent and the Make-Whole Calculation Agent and 
notified to the Noteholders (copy to the Representative) (in accordance with Condition 
14 (Notices)). 
Any other changes will be made with the prior approval of the Noteholders. 
(vi) 
Definitions 
In this Condition: 
"Assurance Report" has the meaning given to it in Condition 5(d)(iii); 
"Baseline Date" means the date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
"External Verifier" means the external verifier specified as such in the relevant Final Terms, 
or such other independent qualified assurance provider with relevant expertise, appointed by the 
Issuer to perform the functions required to be performed by the External Verifier under these 
Terms and Conditions, it being specified that any appointment of a replacement of the external

--- Page 40 ---
10284185454-v11 
- 40 - 
36-41073932 
 
verifier initially named in the relevant Final Terms will be disclosed by the Issuer in any of its 
Universal Registration Documents; 
"Food Loss and Waste Accounting and Reporting Standard" means the document entitled 
"Food Loss and Waste Accounting and Reporting Standard" published by a multi-stakeholder 
partnership convened by the World Resources Institute (as amended and updated from time to 
time); 
"Food Waste KPI" means the weight of food waste of the Group expressed in tonnes per square 
meter of in-store sales area, calculated on the basis of the standard food waste accounting 
referent of the Food Loss and Waste Accounting and Reporting Standard, as determined in good 
faith by the Issuer, confirmed by the External Verifier and published in the Sustainability 
Performance Report in accordance with Condition 5(d)(iii);  
"GHG KPI" means, expressed in metric tons of carbon dioxide equivalent (t CO2e), (A) the 
sum of (i) direct greenhouse gas emissions from owned or controlled sources of the Group as 
defined by the GHG Protocol Standard (scope 1 emissions), and (ii) indirect greenhouse gas 
emissions from electricity, steam, heat and cooling purchased or acquired by the Group, as 
defined by the GHG Protocol Standard (scope 2 emissions), and accounted for in accordance 
with the SBTi Criteria ("GHG KPI A") and/or (B) the Purchase of Goods and Services Scope 
3 Emissions ("GHG KPI B"), as specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, and as 
determined in good faith by the Issuer, confirmed by the External Verifier and published in the 
Sustainability Performance Report in accordance with Condition 5(d)(iii); 
"GHG Protocol Standard" means the document entitled "The Greenhouse Gas Protocol, A 
Corporate Accounting and Reporting Standard (Revised Edition)" published by the World 
Business Council for Sustainable Development and the World Resources Institute (as amended 
and updated from time to time); 
"Group" means the Issuer and its subsidiaries taken as a whole, at any given date; 
"Initial Rate of Interest" means the initial Rate of Interest specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Interest Step Up Payment Date(s)" means any of the Interest Payment Date(s) specified as 
such in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Key Performance Indicators" means any of the GHG KPI, the Packaging KPI or the Food 
Waste KPI, as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Packaging KPI" means the weight of packaging saved or plastic avoided by the Group, 
expressed in tonnes of packaging cumulated since 2017 as determined in good faith by the Issuer, 
confirmed by the External Verifier and published in the Sustainability Performance Report in 
accordance with Condition 5(d)(iii);  
"Purchase of Goods and Services Scope 3 Emissions" means indirect greenhouse gas 
emissions due to upstream activities of the Group (including its franchises under the Carrefour 
banner in its integrated countries) resulting from the purchase of goods and services from 
suppliers reporting their greenhouse gas emissions on the 20 megatonne platform (as described 
in the Issuer's Sustainability-Linked Note Framework), as determined in line with the GHG 
Protocol Standard (scope 3 emissions); 
"SBTi Criteria" means the criteria and recommendations published by the Science Based 
Targets initiative (SBTi) which is updated periodically to reflect current developments in climate 
science and best practices; 
"Step Up" means the percentage(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms as being the Step Up 
with respect to a given Target Observation Date; 
"Sustainability-Linked Note Framework" means the framework prepared by the Issuer in 
connection with the option to issue Sustainability-Linked Notes and available on the Issuer's 
website: www.carrefour.com; 
"Sustainability Performance Target" means the threshold or objective set for any given Key 
Performance Indicator to be observed on any corresponding Target Observation Date, if relevant 
compared to the level of such Key Performance Indicator used as a baseline and observed on the 
Baseline Date, as specified in the applicable Final Terms;

--- Page 41 ---
10284185454-v11 
- 41 - 
36-41073932 
 
"Sustainability Performance Report" has the meaning given to it in Condition 5(d)(iii); 
a "Sustainability Trigger Event" occurs (i) if the Issuer fails to satisfy any of the applicable 
Sustainability Performance Target(s) on the relevant Target Observation Date, or (ii) if the Issuer 
fails to publish the applicable Sustainability Performance Report, the Assurance Report or, if 
applicable, the SPT Verification Assurance Certificate, in accordance with Condition 5(d)(iii);  
"Target Observation Date(s)" means any of the date(s) specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as such, and 
"Universal Registration Document" means the universal registration document (Document 
d'enregistrement universel) of the Issuer which it publishes on its website on an annual basis in 
relation to its latest audited consolidated financial statements. 
(e) 
Zero Coupon Notes: Where a Note the Interest Basis of which is specified to be Zero Coupon 
is repayable prior to the Maturity Date and is not paid when due, the amount due and payable 
prior to the Maturity Date shall be the Early Redemption Amount of such Note. As from the 
Maturity Date, the Rate of Interest for any overdue principal of such a Note shall be a rate per 
annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Amortisation Yield (as described in Condition 
6(b)(i)). 
(f) 
Accrual of Interest: Interest shall cease to accrue on each Note on the due date for redemption 
unless (i) in the case of Dematerialised Notes, on such due date or (ii) in the case of Materialised 
Notes, upon due presentation, payment is improperly withheld or refused, in which event interest 
shall continue to accrue (both before and after judgment) at the Rate of Interest in the manner 
provided in this Condition 5 to the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 8). 
(g) 
Margin, Maximum/Minimum Rates of Interest, Instalment Amounts and Redemption 
Amounts, and Rounding: 
(i) 
If any Margin is specified in the relevant Final Terms (either (x) generally, or (y) in 
relation to one or more Interest Accrual Periods), an adjustment shall be made to all 
Rates of Interest, in the case of (x), or the Rates of Interest for the specified Interest 
Accrual Periods, in the case of (y), calculated in accordance with (b) above by adding 
(if a positive number) or subtracting the absolute value (if a negative number) of such 
Margin, subject always to the next paragraph. 
(ii) 
If any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest, Instalment Amount or 
Redemption Amount is specified in the relevant Final Terms, then any Rate of Interest, 
Instalment Amount or Redemption Amount shall be subject to such maximum or 
minimum, as the case may be. Unless a higher Minimum Rate of Interest is specified 
in the relevant Final Terms, the Minimum Rate of Interest shall be deemed equal to 
zero. 
(iii) 
For the purposes of any calculations required pursuant to these Conditions (unless 
otherwise specified), (x) all percentages resulting from such calculations shall be 
rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point 
(with halves being rounded up), (y) all figures shall be rounded to seven significant 
figures (with halves being rounded up) and (z) all currency amounts that fall due and 
payable shall be rounded to the nearest unit of such currency (with halves being 
rounded up), save in the case of yen, which shall be rounded down to the nearest yen. 
For these purposes "unit" means the lowest amount of such currency that is available 
as legal tender in the country/ies of such currency. 
(h) 
Calculations: The amount of interest payable per Specified Denomination in respect of any Note 
for any Interest Accrual Period shall be equal to the product of the Rate of Interest, the Specified 
Denomination specified in the relevant Final Terms, and the Day Count Fraction for such Interest 
Accrual Period, unless an Interest Amount (or a formula for its calculation) is applicable to such 
Interest Accrual Period, in which case the amount of interest payable per Specified 
Denomination in respect of such Note for such Interest Accrual Period shall equal such Interest 
Amount (or be calculated in accordance with such formula). Where any Interest Period 
comprises two or more Interest Accrual Periods, the amount of interest payable per Specified

--- Page 42 ---
10284185454-v11 
- 42 - 
36-41073932 
 
Denomination in respect of such Interest Period shall be the sum of the Interest Amounts payable 
in respect of each of those Interest Accrual Periods. In respect of any other period for which 
interest is required to be calculated, the provisions above shall apply save that the Day Count 
Fraction shall be for the period for which interest is required to be calculated. 
(i) 
Determination and Publication of Rates of Interest, Interest Amounts, Early Redemption 
Amounts, Optional Redemption Amounts, Make-Whole Redemption Amounts and 
Instalment Amounts: The Calculation Agent or the Make-whole Calculation Agent for the 
purposes of Condition 6(g) shall, as soon as practicable on such date as the Make-whole 
Calculation Agent or the Calculation Agent may be required to calculate any rate or amount, 
obtain any quotation or make any determination or calculation, determine such rate and calculate 
the Interest Amounts for the relevant Interest Accrual Period, calculate the Early Redemption 
Amount, Optional Redemption Amount, Make-Whole Redemption Amount or Instalment 
Amount, obtain such quotation or make such determination or calculation, as the case may be, 
and cause the Rate of Interest and the Interest Amounts for each Interest Accrual Period and the 
relevant Interest Payment Date and, if required to be calculated, the Early Redemption Amount, 
Optional Redemption Amount, Make-Whole Redemption Amount or any Instalment Amount to 
be notified to the Fiscal Agent, the Issuer, each of the Paying Agents, the Noteholders, any other 
Calculation Agent appointed in respect of the Notes that is to make a further calculation upon 
receipt of such information and, if the Notes are listed on a stock exchange and the rules applied 
to such exchange so require, such exchange as soon as possible after their determination but in 
no event later than (i) the commencement of the relevant Interest Period, if determined prior to 
such time, in the case of notification to such exchange of a Rate of Interest and Interest Amount, 
or (ii) in all other cases, the second Business Day after such determination. Where any Interest 
Payment Date or Interest Period Date is subject to adjustment pursuant to Condition 5(b)(i), the 
Interest Amounts and the Interest Payment Date so published may subsequently be amended (or 
appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) without notice in the event of 
an extension or shortening of the Interest Period. If the Notes become due and payable under 
Condition 10, the accrued interest and the Rate of Interest payable in respect of the Notes shall 
nevertheless continue to be calculated as previously in accordance with this Condition but no 
publication of the Rate of Interest or the Interest Amount so calculated need be made. 
The determination of any rate or amount, the obtaining of each quotation and the making of each 
determination or calculation by the Make-Whole Calculation Agent or the Calculation Agent, as 
the case may be shall (in the absence of manifest error) be final and binding upon all parties. 
(j) 
Definitions: In these Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined 
terms shall have the meanings set out below: 
"Business Day" means: 
(i) 
in the case of a currency other than euro, a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in the principal 
financial centre for such currency; and/or 
(ii) 
in the case of euro, a T2 Settlement Day; and/or 
(iii) 
in the case of a currency and/or one or more Business Centres (as specified in the Final 
Terms), a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which commercial banks and 
foreign exchange markets settle payments in such currency in the Business Centre(s) 
or, if no currency is indicated, generally in each of the Business Centres; 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any Note 
for any period of time (from and including the first day of such period to but excluding the last) 
(whether or not constituting an Interest Period or an Interest Accrual Period, the "Calculation 
Period"): 
(i) 
if "Actual/Actual", "Actual/Actual - ISDA" or "Actual-365 (FBF)" is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 
365 (or, if any portion of that Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the 
actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a leap year

--- Page 43 ---
10284185454-v11 
- 43 - 
36-41073932 
 
divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation 
Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(ii) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual number of 
days in the Calculation Period divided by 365; 
(iii) 
if "Actual/Actual (FBF)" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the fraction whose 
numerator is the actual number of calendar days elapsed during the Calculation Period 
and whose denominator is 365 (or 366 if 29 February falls within the Interest Period). 
If the Interest Period is of a duration of more than one (1) year, the basis shall be 
calculated as follows: 
(A) 
the number of complete years shall be counted back from the last calendar day 
of the Interest Period; and 
(B) 
this number shall be increased by the fraction for the relevant period calculated 
as set out in the first paragraph of this definition 
(iv) 
if "Actual/360" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual number of days in 
the Calculation Period divided by 360; 
(v) 
if "Actual/365 (Sterling)" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual number 
of days in the Calculation Period is divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest Payment 
Date falling in a leap year, 366; 
(vi) 
if "30/360", "360/360" or "Bond Basis" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the 
number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis 
as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
 
[360 x (Y2 -Y1)] + [30 x (M2 -M1)]+ (D2 -D1) 
 
360 
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater 
than 29, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(vii) 
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the number 
of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as 
follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
 
[360 x (Y2 -Y1)] + [30 x (M2 -M1)]+ (D2 -D1)

--- Page 44 ---
10284185454-v11 
- 44 - 
36-41073932 
 
 
360 
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 
will be 30 
(viii) 
if "30E/360 (FBF)" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, in respect of each Interest 
Period, the fraction whose denominator is 360 and whose numerator is the number of 
calendar days elapsed during such period, calculated on the basis of a year comprising 
12 months of 30 days, subject to the following exception: 
if the last calendar day of the Interest Period is the last calendar day of the month of 
February, the number of calendar days elapsed during such month shall be the actual 
number of days, 
where: 
D1 (dd1, mm1, yy1) is the date of the beginning of the period 
D2 (dd2, mm2, yy2) is the date of the end of the period 
the fraction is: 
1 
 
360 
x [(yy2 – yy1) x 360 + (mm2 – mm1) x 30 + Min (dd2 , 30) – Min (dd1 , 
30)] 
 
 
(ix) 
if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
 
[360 x (Y2 -Y1)] + [30 x (M2 -M1)]+ (D2 -D1) 
 
360 
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls;

--- Page 45 ---
10284185454-v11 
- 45 - 
36-41073932 
 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
(i) that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case 
D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not 
the Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30. 
(x) 
if "Actual/Actual-ICMA" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
(A) 
if the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period 
during which it falls, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 
the product of (x) the number of days in such Determination Period and (y) 
the number of Determination Periods normally ending in any year; and 
(B) 
if the Calculation Period is longer than one Determination Period, the sum of: 
(x) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the 
Determination Period in which it begins divided by the product of (1) 
the number of days in such Determination Period and (2) the number 
of Determination Periods normally ending in any year; and 
(y) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next 
Determination Period divided by the product of (1) the number of 
days in such Determination Period and (2) the number of 
Determination Periods normally ending in any year. 
"Determination Period" means the period from and including a 
Determination Date in any year to but excluding the next Determination Date. 
"Determination Date" means the date specified in the relevant Final Terms 
or, if none is so specified, the Interest Payment Date. 
"Euro-zone" means the region comprised of member states of the European Union that 
adopt or have adopted the single currency in accordance with the Treaty on European 
Union, as amended. 
"Interest Accrual Period" means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date and ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Period Date and 
each successive period beginning on (and including) an Interest Period Date and ending 
on (but excluding) the next succeeding Interest Period Date or the relevant payment 
date if the Notes become payable on a date other than an Interest Payment Date. 
"Interest Amount" means: 
(i) 
in respect of an Interest Accrual Period, the amount of interest payable per 
Specified Denomination for that Interest Accrual Period and which, in the case 
of Fixed Rate Notes, shall mean the Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as being payable on the Interest Payment 
Date ending the Interest Period of which such Interest Accrual Period forms 
part; and 
(ii) 
in respect of any other period, the amount of interest payable per Specified 
Denomination for that period. 
"Interest Commencement Date" means the Issue Date or such other date as may be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Interest Determination Date" means, with respect to a Rate of Interest and Interest 
Accrual Period, the date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is so 
specified, (i) the first day of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is 
Sterling or (ii) the day falling two Business Days in London for the Specified Currency

--- Page 46 ---
10284185454-v11 
- 46 - 
36-41073932 
 
prior to the first day of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is neither 
Sterling nor euro or (iii) the day falling two T2 Settlement Days prior to the first day of 
such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is euro. 
"Interest Period" means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date and ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Payment Date 
and each successive period beginning on (and including) an Interest Payment Date and 
ending on (but excluding) the next succeeding Interest Payment Date.  
"Interest Period Date" means each Interest Payment Date unless otherwise specified 
in the relevant Final Terms. 
"ISDA Definitions" means the 2006 ISDA Definitions published by the International 
Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc., as amended and updated as at the Issue Date 
of the first Tranche of the Notes of the relevant Series. Investors should consult the 
Issuer should they require a copy of the 2006 ISDA Definitions.  
"Rate of Interest" means the rate of interest payable from time to time in respect of 
this Note and that is either specified or calculated in accordance with the provisions in 
the relevant Final Terms. 
"Reference Banks" means, in the case of a determination of EURIBOR, the principal 
Euro-zone office of four major banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market, in each case 
selected by the Calculation Agent, with the approval of the Issuer. 
"Reference Rate" means the rate specified as such in the relevant Final Terms subject 
as provided in Condition 5(b)(iii)(C)(3).  
"Relevant Inter-Bank Market" means the inter-bank market specified as such in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
"Relevant Screen Page" means such page, section, caption, column or other part of a 
particular information service as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Relevant Screen Page Time" means the screen page time specified as such in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
"Specified Currency" means the currency specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
"T2" means the real-time gross settlement system operated by the Eurosystem, or any 
successor system. 
"T2 Settlement Day" means any day on which T2 is open for the settlement of 
payments in euro. 
(k) 
Calculation Agent: The Issuer shall procure that there shall at all times be one or more 
Calculation Agents if provision is made for them in the relevant Final Terms and for so long as 
any Note is outstanding. Where more than one Calculation Agent is appointed in respect of the 
Notes, references in these Conditions to the Calculation Agent shall be construed as each 
Calculation Agent performing its respective duties under the Conditions. Without prejudice and 
subject to the provisions of Condition 5(b)(iii)(C)(3), if the Calculation Agent is unable or 
unwilling to act as such or if the Calculation Agent fails duly to establish the Rate of Interest for 
an Interest Accrual Period or to calculate any Interest Amount, Instalment Amount, Early 
Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption Amount, as the case may be, or to comply with 
any other requirement, the Issuer shall appoint a leading bank or financial institution engaged in 
the interbank market (or, if appropriate, money, swap or over-the-counter index options market) 
that is most closely connected with the calculation or determination to be made by the 
Calculation Agent to act as such in its place. The Calculation Agent may not resign its duties 
without a successor having been appointed as aforesaid and notice of any such change of 
Calculation Agent shall promptly be given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 
below. 
6. 
Redemption, Purchase and Options

--- Page 47 ---
10284185454-v11 
- 47 - 
36-41073932 
 
(a) 
Redemption by Instalments and Final Redemption: 
(i) 
Unless previously redeemed, purchased and cancelled as provided in this Condition 6 
each Note that provides for Instalment Dates and Instalment Amounts shall be partially 
redeemed on each Instalment Date at the related Instalment Amount specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. The outstanding nominal amount of each such Note shall be 
reduced by the Instalment Amount (or, if such Instalment Amount is calculated by 
reference to a proportion of the nominal amount of such Note, such proportion) for all 
purposes with effect from the related Instalment Date, unless payment of the Instalment 
Amount is improperly withheld or refused, in which case, such amount shall remain 
outstanding until the Relevant Date relating to such Instalment Amount. 
(ii) 
Unless previously redeemed, purchased and cancelled as provided below, each Note 
shall be finally redeemed on the Maturity Date specified in the relevant Final Terms at 
its nominal amount (the "Final Redemption Amount") or, in the case of a Note falling 
within paragraph (i) above, its final Instalment Amount which shall be equal to the 
nominal value of such Note remaining outstanding at such time. 
(b) 
Early Redemption: 
(i) 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
(A) 
The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note, 
upon redemption of such Note pursuant to Condition 6(c), 6(d), 6(e), 6(g) or 
6(h) or upon it becoming due and payable as provided in Condition 10, shall 
be calculated as provided below. 
(B) 
Subject to the provisions of sub-paragraph (C) below, the Early Redemption 
Amount of any such Note shall be the scheduled Final Redemption Amount 
of such Note on the Maturity Date discounted at a rate per annum (expressed 
as a percentage) equal to the Amortisation Yield (which, if none is shown in 
the relevant Final Terms, shall be such rate as would produce an Early 
Redemption Amount equal to the issue price of the Notes if they were 
discounted back to their issue price on the Issue Date) compounded annually. 
(C) 
If the Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any such Note upon its 
redemption pursuant to Condition 6(c), 6(d), 6(e), 6(g) or 6(h) or upon it 
becoming due and payable as provided in Condition 10 is not paid when due, 
the Early Redemption Amount due and payable in respect of such Note shall 
be as defined in sub-paragraph (B) above, except that such sub-paragraph shall 
have effect as though the date on which the Note becomes due and payable 
were the Relevant Date. The calculation of the Early Redemption Amount in 
accordance with this sub-paragraph shall continue to be made (both before and 
after judgement) until the Relevant Date, unless the Relevant Date falls on or 
after the Maturity Date, in which case the amount due and payable shall be the 
scheduled Final Redemption Amount of such Note on the Maturity Date 
together with any interest that may accrue in accordance with Condition 5(c). 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period of less than one year, it shall be made 
on the basis of the Day Count Fraction shown in the relevant Final Terms. 
(ii) 
Other Notes: 
The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Note (other than Notes 
described in (i) above), upon redemption of such Note pursuant to Condition 6(c), 6(d), 
6(e), 6(g) or 6(h) or upon it becoming due and payable as provided in Condition 10, 
shall be the Final Redemption Amount. 
(c) 
Redemption for Taxation Reasons:

--- Page 48 ---
10284185454-v11 
- 48 - 
36-41073932 
 
(i) 
If, by reason of any change in French law, or any change in the official application or 
interpretation of such law, becoming effective after the Issue Date, the Issuer would on 
the occasion of the next payment of principal, interest or other revenues due in respect 
of the Notes or Coupons, not be able to make such payment without having to pay 
additional amounts as specified under Condition 8 below the Issuer may, at its option, 
on any Interest Payment Date (if this Note is a Floating Rate Note) or, at any time, (if 
this Note is not a Floating Rate Note), subject to having given not more than 45 nor 
less than 30 days' prior notice to the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), 
in accordance with Condition 14 redeem all, but not some only, of the Notes at their 
Early Redemption Amount (as described in Condition 6(b) above) together with any 
interest accrued to the date set for redemption provided that the due date for redemption 
of which notice hereunder may be given shall be no earlier than the latest practicable 
date on which the Issuer could make payment of principal and interest without 
withholding or deduction for French taxes. 
(ii) 
If the Issuer would on the next payment of principal, interest or other revenues in 
respect of the Notes or Coupons be prevented by French law from making payment to 
the Noteholders or Couponholders of the full amount then due and payable, 
notwithstanding the undertaking to pay additional amounts contained in Condition 8 
below, then the Issuer shall forthwith give notice of such fact to the Fiscal Agent and 
the Issuer shall upon giving not less than seven days' prior notice to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 14, redeem all, but not some only, of the Notes then 
outstanding at their Early Redemption Amount together with any interest accrued to 
the date set for redemption on the latest practicable date on which the Issuer could make 
payment of the full amount then due and payable in respect of the Notes or Coupons 
without withholding or deduction for French taxes. 
(d) 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer: If "Call Option" is specified as being applicable in 
the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may, on giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 days' 
irrevocable notice to the Noteholders (or such other notice period as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms) redeem, all or, if so provided, some, of the Notes on any Optional 
Redemption Date. Any such redemption of Notes shall be at their optional redemption amount 
(which may be the Early Redemption Amount (as described in Condition 6(b) above)) together 
with interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption, as such amount will be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms (the "Optional Redemption Amount"). Any such redemption or exercise 
must relate to Notes of a nominal amount at least equal to the Minimum Redemption Amount to 
be redeemed specified in the relevant Final Terms and no greater than the Maximum Redemption 
Amount to be redeemed specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(e) 
Redemption of Residual Outstanding Notes at the Option of the Issuer: Unless specified as 
not being applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may, at any time, on giving not less 
than 15 nor more than 30 days' irrevocable notice to the Noteholders (or such other period as 
may be specified in the Final Terms), redeem all but not some only of the Notes for the time 
being outstanding, if, immediately prior to the date that such notice is given, Notes representing 
an aggregate amount equal to or exceeding the Minimum Percentage (as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, being a percentage of the aggregate nominal amount of such Series (including, for 
the avoidance of doubt any Notes which have been consolidated and form a single Series 
therewith)) shall have been redeemed or purchased (and subsequently cancelled) by the Issuer 
other than by way of a redemption at the option of the Issuer in accordance with Condition 6(g). 
Any such redemption shall be at par together with interest accrued to the date fixed for 
redemption. All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed, on the 
date specified in such notice in accordance with this Condition. 
(f) 
Residual Maturity Redemption at the Option of the Issuer: Unless specified as not being 
applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may, on giving not less than 15 nor more than 
30 days' irrevocable notice to the Noteholders (or such other notice period as may be specified 
in the relevant Final Terms) redeem, all (but not some only) of the Notes, at par together with 
interest accrued to, but excluding, the date fixed for redemption, at any time as from the Residual 
Maturity Redemption Date specified in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 49 ---
10284185454-v11 
- 49 - 
36-41073932 
 
(g) 
Make-Whole Redemption by the Issuer: Unless specified as not being applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms, the Issuer will, subject to the satisfaction of any refinancing conditions to 
which the redemption is subject (if any), compliance by the Issuer with all relevant laws, 
regulations and directives and on giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 days' notice in 
accordance with Condition 14 to the Noteholders (the "Make-Whole Call Notice") (which 
notice shall, (i) specify the date fixed for redemption (ii) specify the refinancing conditions to 
which the redemption is subject (if any) and (iii) be otherwise irrevocable), have the option to 
redeem the Notes, in whole or in part, at any time or from time to time, prior to their Maturity 
Date (the "Make-Whole Redemption Date") at their relevant Make-Whole Redemption 
Amount.  
As used in these Conditions, the "Make-Whole Redemption Amount" will be the greater of 
(x) 100 per cent. of the nominal amount of the Notes so redeemed and, (y) the sum (rounding 
the resulting figure, if necessary, to the nearest cent (half a cent being rounded upwards)) of the 
then present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest (including, 
with respect to Sustainability Linked Notes, the Step Up from the relevant Interest Step Up 
Payment Date(s) on the assumption that the relevant Sustainability Trigger Event(s) will occur, 
unless the relevant Sustainability Performance Target(s) has/have been achieved for the most 
recent fiscal year ending on 31 December prior to the Make-Whole Call Notice for which an 
Assurance Report is available (as set out in such Assurance Report and as confirmed by an SPT 
Verification Assurance Certificate), in which case the Initial Rate of Interest shall be deemed to 
continue to apply until the Maturity Date or the Residual Maturity Redemption Date, as 
applicable) on such Notes up to and including the Maturity Date or the Residual Maturity 
Redemption Date, as applicable, (not including any interest accrued on the Notes to, but 
excluding, the relevant Make-Whole Redemption Date) discounted to the relevant Make-Whole 
Redemption Date on an annual basis at the Redemption Rate plus a Redemption Margin, plus in 
each case (x) or (y) above, any interest accrued on the Notes to, but excluding, the Make-Whole 
Redemption Date.  
If "Residual Maturity Call Option" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable 
and the Issuer decides to redeem the Notes pursuant to the Make-whole Redemption by the 
Issuer before the Residual Maturity Redemption Date specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
the date from which the Residual Maturity Call Option may be exercised, the Make-whole 
Redemption Amount will be calculated up to and including the Residual Maturity Redemption 
Date and not the Maturity Date. The Make-Whole Redemption Amount will be calculated by 
the Make-Whole Calculation Agent on the second business day in Paris preceding the Make-
Whole Redemption Date. 
"Make-Whole Calculation Agent" means a reputable service provider in the debt market 
appointed by the Issuer as make-whole calculation agent in the relevant Final Terms or in the 
Make-Whole Call Notice. 
"Redemption Margin" means the margin specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Redemption Rate" means:  
(i) if "Reference Dealer Quotation" is specified as the method of determination of the 
Redemption Rate in the relevant Final Terms, the average of the three quotations given by the 
Reference Dealers of the mid-market annual yield to maturity (rounded to the nearest 0.001%, 
with 0.0005% rounded upwards) of the Reference Security (as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms) on the fourth Business Day preceding the Make-Whole Redemption Date at 11.00 a.m. 
(Central European time ("CET"))("Reference Dealer Quotation"); or. 
(ii) if "Reference Screen Rate" is specified as the method of determination of the Make-Whole 
Redemption Rate in the relevant Final Terms, the annual yield to maturity (rounded to the nearest 
0.001%, with 0.0005% rounded upwards) of the Reference Security displayed on the relevant 
Reference Screen Rate as determined by the Make-Whole Calculation Agent or, if the Reference 
Screen Rate is not available, Reference Dealer Quotation shall apply. 
"Reference Dealers" means each of the three (3) banks selected by the Make-Whole Calculation 
Agent which are primary European government security dealers, and their respective successors, 
or market makers in pricing corporate bond issues or as specified in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 50 ---
10284185454-v11 
- 50 - 
36-41073932 
 
"Reference Screen Rate" means the screen rate specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
If the Reference Security is no longer outstanding, a Similar Security will be chosen by the 
Make-Whole Calculation Agent at 11.00 a.m. (CET) on the third Business Day preceding the 
Make-Whole Redemption Date, notified in writing by the Make-Whole Calculation Agent to the 
Issuer and notified in accordance with Condition 14. 
"Similar Security" means a reference bond or reference bonds issued by the issuer of the 
Reference Security having an actual or interpolated maturity comparable with the remaining 
term of the Notes that would be utilised, at the time of selection and in accordance with 
customary financial practice, in pricing new issues of corporate debt securities of comparable 
maturity to the remaining term of the Notes. 
The Redemption Rate will be notified by the Issuer in accordance with Condition 14. 
The determination of any rate or amount, the obtaining of each quotation and the making of each 
determination or calculation by the Make-Whole Calculation Agent shall (in the absence of 
manifest error) be final and binding upon all parties.  
If the Make-Whole Calculation Agent named in the relevant Final Terms is unable or unwilling 
to act as such or if the Make-Whole Calculation Agent fails duly to establish the Make-Whole 
Redemption Amount or to comply with any other requirement, the Issuer shall appoint a 
reputable service provider in the debt market that is most closely connected with the calculation 
or determination to be made by the Make-Whole Calculation Agent to act as such in its place. 
Notice of any such change of Make-Whole Calculation Agent shall promptly be given to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 below 
(h) 
Redemption at the Option of Noteholders: If "Put Option" is specified as being applicable in 
the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer shall, at the option of any Noteholder, upon such Noteholder 
giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 days' notice to the Issuer (or such other notice period 
as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms) redeem such Note on the Optional Redemption 
Date(s) at its Optional Redemption Amount. 
To exercise such option the Noteholder must deposit with any Paying Agent at its specified 
office during usual business hours a duly completed option exercise notice (the "Exercise 
Notice") in the form obtained during usual business hours from any Paying Agent or the 
Registration Agent, as the case may be, within the notice period. Such notice shall, in the case 
of Materialised Notes, have attached to it such Note (together with all unmatured Coupons and 
unexchanged Talons). In the case of Dematerialised Notes, the Noteholder shall transfer, or 
cause to be transferred, the Dematerialised Notes to be redeemed to the account of the Principal 
Paying Agent specified in the Exercise Notice. No option so exercised and, where applicable, 
no Note so deposited or transferred may be withdrawn (except as provided in the Agency 
Agreement) without the prior consent of the Issuer. 
(i) 
Provision relating to partial redemption: If only some of the Notes of a Series are to be 
redeemed or subject to the exercise of an Issuer's option, on such date (i) in the case of 
Materialised Notes, the number of Materialised Notes to be redeemed shall be drawn by the 
Fiscal Agent in such place and in such manner as may be fair and reasonable in the circumstances, 
taking account of prevailing market practices, subject to compliance with any applicable laws 
and Regulated Market requirements and, where applicable, the Issuer shall be entitled to send 
representatives to attend such drawing and (ii) in the case of Dematerialised Notes, such partial 
redemption shall be made by application of a pool factor (corresponding to a reduction of the 
aggregate nominal amount of all such Dematerialised Notes in a Series in proportion to the 
aggregate nominal amount redeemed). 
(j) 
Purchases: The Issuer and any of its Subsidiaries may at any time purchase Notes (provided 
that, in the case of Materialised Notes, all unmatured Receipts and Coupons and unexchanged 
Talons relating thereto are attached thereto or surrendered therewith) in the open market or 
otherwise at any price, subject to the applicable laws and/or regulations. All Notes so purchased 
by the Issuer may be held and resold in accordance with applicable laws for the purpose of 
enhancing the liquidity of the Notes.

--- Page 51 ---
10284185454-v11 
- 51 - 
36-41073932 
 
(k) 
Cancellation: All Notes purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer may, at its sole option, be held 
or cancelled in accordance with applicable laws and regulations. Notes will be cancelled, in the 
case of Dematerialised Notes, by transfer to an account in accordance with the rules and 
procedures of Euroclear France and, in the case of Materialised Notes, by surrendering the 
Temporary Global Certificate and the Definitive Materialised Notes in question together with 
all unmatured Coupons and all unexchanged Talons to the Fiscal Agent and, in each case, if so 
transferred or surrendered, shall, together with all Notes redeemed by the Issuer, be cancelled 
forthwith (together with, in the case of Dematerialised Notes, all rights relating to payment of 
interest and other amounts relating to such Dematerialised Notes and, in the case of Materialised 
Notes, all unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons attached thereto or surrendered 
therewith). Any Notes so cancelled or, where applicable, transferred or surrendered for 
cancellation may not be re-issued or resold and the obligations of the Issuer in respect of any 
such Notes shall be discharged. To the extent that the Notes are admitted to trading on Euronext 
Paris, the Issuer will inform Euronext about such cancellation. 
7. 
Payments and Talons 
(a) 
Dematerialised Notes: Payments of principal and interest in respect of Dematerialised Notes 
shall, in the case of Dematerialised Notes in bearer dematerialised form or administered 
registered form, be made by transfer to the account denominated in the relevant currency of the 
relevant Account Holders for the benefit of the Noteholders and, in the case of Dematerialised 
Notes in fully registered form, to an account denominated in the relevant currency with a Bank 
designated by the Noteholders. All payments validly made to such Account Holders will be an 
effective discharge of the Issuer in respect of such payments. 
(b) 
Materialised Notes: Payments of principal and interest in respect of Materialised Bearer Notes 
shall, subject as mentioned below, be made against presentation and surrender of the relevant 
Receipts (in the case of payments of Instalment Amounts other than on the due date for 
redemption and provided that the Receipt is presented for payment together with its relative 
Note), Notes (in the case of all other payments of principal and, in the case of interest, as 
specified in Condition 7(f)(vi)) or Coupons (in the case of interest, save as specified in Condition 
7(f)(vi)), as the case may be, at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United 
States by a cheque payable in the relevant currency drawn on, or, at the option of the holder, by 
transfer to an account denominated in such currency with, a bank in the principal financial centre 
for such currency or, in the case of euro, in a city in which banks have access to T2. 
(c) 
Payments in the United States: Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any Materialised Notes are 
denominated in U.S. Dollars, payments in respect thereof may be made at the specified office of 
any Paying Agent in New York City in the same manner as aforesaid if (i) the Issuer shall have 
appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United States with the reasonable 
expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make payment of the amounts on the Notes 
in the manner provided above when due, (ii) payment in full of such amounts at all such offices 
is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar restrictions on payment 
or receipt of such amounts and (iii) such payment is then permitted by United States law, without 
involving, in the opinion of the Issuer, any adverse tax consequence to the Issuer. 
(d) 
Payments Subject to Fiscal Laws: All payments are subject in all cases to any applicable fiscal 
or other laws, regulations and directives in any jurisdiction (whether by operation of law or 
agreement of the Issuer or its Agents) but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 8. 
No commission or expenses shall be charged to the Noteholders or Couponholders in respect of 
such payments. 
(e) 
Appointment of Agents: The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents and the Calculation Agent 
initially appointed by the Issuer and their respective specified offices are listed at the end of this 
Base Prospectus. The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents, the Registration Agent, the Calculation 
Agent and the Make-Whole Calculation Agent (if any) act solely as agents of the Issuer and, in 
each such case, do not assume any obligation or relationship of agency or trust for or with any 
Noteholder or Couponholder. The Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary or terminate the 
appointment of the Make-Whole Calculation Agent (if any), the Fiscal Agent, any other Paying 
Agent and the Registration Agent or the Calculation Agent(s) and to appoint additional or other

--- Page 52 ---
10284185454-v11 
- 52 - 
36-41073932 
 
Paying Agents, provided that the Issuer shall at all times maintain (i) a Fiscal Agent, (ii) one or 
more Calculation Agent(s) where the Conditions so require, (iii) Paying Agents having specified 
offices in at least two major European cities (including Paris so long as the Notes are admitted 
to trading on Euronext Paris and in such other city so long as the Notes are admitted to trading 
on any other Regulated Market), (iv) in the case of Dematerialised Notes in fully registered form, 
a Registration Agent and (v) such other agents as may be required by any other Stock Exchange 
on which the Notes may be listed. 
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent in New York City in respect of 
any Materialised Notes denominated in U.S. Dollars in the circumstances described in paragraph 
(c) above. 
Notice of any such change or any change of any specified office shall promptly be given to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 below. 
(f) 
Unmatured Coupons and Receipts and unexchanged Talons: 
(i) 
Unless the relevant Final Terms specify that the Materialised Notes provide that the 
relevant Coupons are to become void upon the due date for redemption of those Notes, 
Materialised Notes should be surrendered for payment together with all unmatured 
Coupons (if any) relating thereto, failing which an amount equal to the face value of 
each missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of payment not being made in full, 
that proportion of the amount of such missing unmatured Coupon that the sum of 
principal so paid bears to the total principal due) shall be deducted from the Final 
Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount, Optional Redemption Amount or 
Make-Whole Redemption Amount, as the case may be, due for payment. Any amount 
so deducted shall be paid in the manner mentioned above against surrender of such 
missing Coupon within a period of 10 years from the Relevant Date for the payment of 
such principal (whether or not such Coupon has become void pursuant to Condition 9). 
(ii) 
If the relevant Final Terms specify that the Materialised Notes so provide, upon the due 
date for redemption of any such Materialised Note, unmatured Coupons relating to such 
Note (whether or not attached) shall become void and no payment shall be made in 
respect of them. 
(iii) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Materialised Note, any unexchanged Talon 
relating to such Note (whether or not attached) shall become void and no Coupon shall 
be delivered in respect of such Talon. 
(iv) 
Where any Materialised Note that provides that the relative unmatured Coupons are to 
become void upon the due date for redemption of those Notes is presented for 
redemption without all unmatured Coupons, and where any Materialised Note is 
presented for redemption without any unexchanged Talon relating to it, redemption 
shall be made only against the provision of such indemnity as the Issuer may require. 
(v) 
If the due date for redemption of any Materialised Note is not a due date for payment 
of interest, interest accrued from the preceding due date for payment of interest or the 
Interest Commencement Date, as the case may be, shall only be payable against 
presentation (and surrender if appropriate) of the relevant Definitive Materialised Note. 
Interest accrued on a Note that only bears interest after its Maturity Date shall be 
payable on redemption of such Note against presentation of the relevant Definitive 
Materialised Note. 
(vi) 
The provisions of paragraph (i) of this Condition 7(f) notwithstanding, if any Note 
should be issued with a maturity date and Interest Rate or Rates such that, on the 
presentation for payment of any such Notes without all unmatured Coupons attached 
thereto or surrendered therewith, the amount required by such paragraph (i) to be 
deducted in respect of such missing unmatured Coupons would be greater than the 
Redemption Amount otherwise due for payment, then, upon the due date for 
redemption of any such Note, such missing unmatured Coupons shall become void (and 
no payment shall be made in respect thereof) as shall be required so that,

--- Page 53 ---
10284185454-v11 
- 53 - 
36-41073932 
 
upon application of such paragraph (i) in respect of such Coupons as have not so 
become void, the amount required by such paragraph (i) to be deducted would not be 
greater than the Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount, Optional 
Redemption Amount or the Make-Whole Redemption Amount, as the case may be, 
otherwise due for payment (or, in the case of payment not being made in full, 
that proportion of the amount of such missing unmatured Coupons that the sum of 
principal so paid bears to the total principal due). Where the application of the foregoing 
sentence requires some but not all of such missing unmatured Coupons relating to a 
Note to become void, the relevant Paying Agent shall determine which missing 
unmatured Coupons (or proportion thereof) are to become void, and shall select for 
such purpose Coupons maturing on later dates in preference to Coupons maturing on 
earlier dates. 
(g) 
Talons: On or after the Interest Payment Date for the final Coupon forming part of a Coupon 
sheet issued in respect of any Materialised Note, the Talon forming part of such Coupon sheet 
may be surrendered at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent in exchange for a further Coupon 
sheet (and if necessary another Talon for a further Coupon sheet) (but excluding any Coupons 
that may have become void pursuant to Condition 9). 
(h) 
Non-Business Days: If any date for payment in respect of any Note or Coupon is not a business 
day, the Noteholder shall not be entitled to payment until the next following business day nor to 
any interest or other sum in respect of such postponed payment. In this paragraph, "business 
day" means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) (A) (i) in the case of Dematerialised Notes, 
on which Euroclear France is open for business or (ii) in the case of Materialised Notes, on 
which banks and foreign exchange markets are open for business in the relevant place of 
presentation, (B) on which banks and foreign exchange markets are open for business in such 
jurisdictions as shall be specified as "Financial Centres" in the relevant Final Terms and (C) (i) 
(in the case of a payment in a currency other than Euro), where payment is to be made by transfer 
to an account maintained with a bank in the relevant currency, on which foreign exchange 
transactions may be carried on in the relevant currency in the principal financial centre of the 
country of such currency or (ii) (in the case of a payment in Euro), which is a T2 Settlement Day. 
8. 
Taxation 
(a) 
Withholding Tax: All payments of principal, interest and other revenues by or on behalf of the 
Issuer in respect of the Notes and Coupons shall be made free and clear of, and without 
withholding or deduction for, any taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of 
whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or within France or any 
authority therein or thereof having power to tax, unless such withholding or deduction is required 
by law. 
(b) 
Additional Amounts: If French law should require that payments of principal, interest or other 
revenues by or on behalf of the Issuer in respect of any Note or Coupon be subject to withholding 
or deduction in respect of any taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever 
nature, the Issuer will, to the fullest extent then permitted by law, pay such additional amounts 
as may be necessary in order that the Noteholders or, as the case may be, the Couponholders 
will receive after such withholding or deduction the full amount then expressed to be due and 
payable; provided, however, that no such additional amounts shall be payable with respect to 
any Note or Coupon: 
(i) 
Other connection: to, or to a third party on behalf of, a Noteholder who is liable to 
such taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges in respect of such Note or 
Coupon by reason of his having some connection with France other than the mere 
holding of the Note or Coupon; or 
(ii) 
Presentation more than 30 days after the Relevant Date: in the case of Materialised 
Notes presented for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date, except to the 
extent that the Noteholder or the Couponholder, as the case may be, would have been 
entitled to such additional amounts on presenting it for payment on or before such 
thirtieth (30th) calendar day of such time period.

--- Page 54 ---
10284185454-v11 
- 54 - 
36-41073932 
 
As used in these Conditions, "Relevant Date" in respect of any Note or Coupon means the date 
on which payment in respect of it first becomes due or (if any amount of the money payable is 
improperly withheld or refused) the date on which payment in full of the amount outstanding is 
made or in the case of Materialised Notes (if earlier) the date seven days after that on which 
notice is duly given to the Noteholders that, upon further presentation of the Note or Coupon 
being made in accordance with the Conditions, such payment will be made, provided that 
payment is in fact made upon such presentation. 
References in these Conditions to (i) "principal" shall be deemed to include any premium 
payable in respect of the Notes, all Instalment Amounts, Final Redemption Amounts, Early 
Redemption Amounts, Optional Redemption Amounts, Make-Whole Redemption Amount and 
all other amounts in the nature of principal payable pursuant to Condition 6 or any amendment 
or supplement to it, (ii) "interest" and/or "other revenues" shall be deemed to include all 
Interest Amounts and all other amounts payable pursuant to Condition 5 or any amendment or 
supplement to it and (iii) "principal" and/or "interest" and/or "other revenues" shall be deemed 
to include any additional amounts that may be payable under this Condition. 
(c) 
FATCA Withholding: The Issuer shall be permitted to withhold or deduct any amounts 
required by the rules of U.S. Internal Revenue Code Sections 1471 through 1474 (or any 
amended or successor provisions), pursuant to any inter-governmental agreement, or 
implementing legislation adopted by another jurisdiction in connection with those provisions, or 
pursuant to any agreement with the U.S. Internal Revenue Service ("FATCA withholding") as 
a result of the Noteholder, beneficial owner or an intermediary (that is not an agent of the Issuer) 
not being entitled to receive payments free of FATCA withholding. The Issuer shall not be liable 
for, or otherwise obliged to pay, any FATCA withholding deducted or withheld by the Issuer, 
any paying agent or any other party. 
9. 
Prescription 
Claims against the Issuer for payment in respect of the Notes and Coupons (which for this purpose shall 
not include Talons) shall be prescribed and become void unless made within 10 years (in the case of 
principal) or 5 years (in the case of interest) from the appropriate Relevant Date in respect of them. 
10. 
Events of Default 
If any of the following events ("Events of Default") occurs and is continuing, the Representative (as 
defined in Condition 11), upon request of any Noteholder, may give written notice to the Issuer and the 
Fiscal Agent at its specified office that all the Notes held by such Noteholder are immediately repayable, 
whereupon the Early Redemption Amount of such Notes together with accrued interest to the date of 
payment shall become immediately due and payable, unless such Event of Default shall have been 
remedied prior to the receipt of such notice by the Issuer and the Fiscal Agent: 
(a) 
Subordinated Notes: In the case of Subordinated Notes and in accordance with Condition 3(b), 
if any judgment shall be issued for the judicial liquidation (liquidation judiciaire) of the Issuer 
or the sale of the whole business (cession totale de l'entreprise) of the Issuer following the 
opening of a judicial recovery procedure (redressement judiciaire) or if the Issuer is liquidated 
for any other reason, then the Subordinated Notes shall become immediately due and payable, 
in accordance with Condition 3(b), at their principal amount together with any accrued interest 
to the date of payment. 
(b) 
Unsubordinated Notes: In the case of Unsubordinated Notes: 
(i) 
in the Event of Default by the Issuer in the payment of principal and interest on any 
Note, when and as the same shall become due and payable, if such default shall not 
have been cured within 15 days; 
(ii) 
in the Event of Default by the Issuer in the due performance of any other provision of 
the Notes, if such default shall not have been cured within 30 days after receipt by the 
Fiscal Agent of written notice of default given by the Representative; 
(iii) 
in the event that:

--- Page 55 ---
10284185454-v11 
- 55 - 
36-41073932 
 
(a) 
any present or future indebtedness for money borrowed of the Issuer or a 
Principal Subsidiary shall become due and payable and shall not be paid when 
due or, as the case may be, after the expiration of any originally applicable 
grace period therefor, or 
(b) 
any guarantee or indemnity given by the Issuer or a Principal Subsidiary for 
borrowed money of others shall not be honoured when due or called upon or, 
as the case may be, after the expiration of any originally applicable grace 
period, 
provided that the amounts due in respect of (a) and (b) are in aggregate in excess of 
€125,000,000 or its equivalent in any other currency or currencies and unless in any 
such event (x) the Issuer or such Principal Subsidiary, as the case may be, is disputing 
in good faith that such indebtedness is due and payable or that such guarantee or 
indemnity is due and callable, in which case such event shall not constitute an Event of 
Default hereunder so long as the dispute shall not have been irrevocably adjudicated or 
(y) the amount due is not paid due to circumstances affecting the making or clearing of 
the payment which are outside the control of the Issuer or such Principal Subsidiary, as 
the case may be, in which case such event shall not constitute an Event of Default so 
long as such circumstances continue in existence; 
(iv) 
in relation to the Issuer or a Principal Subsidiary, in the event that any judgement is 
issued for its judicial liquidation (liquidation judiciaire) or a judgement is rendered for 
a transfer of the whole of its business (cession totale de l'entreprise) following the 
opening of a judicial recovery procedure (redressement judiciaire) or it makes a 
conveyance or assignment for the benefit of, or enters into a composition with, its 
creditors or is unable to meet its current liabilities out of its current assets, in each case 
to the extent permitted by applicable law, if such default shall not have been cured 
within 14 days thereafter; 
(v) 
in the event that any of the Issuer or a Principal Subsidiary ceases to carry on all or a 
material part of its business or operations, except for the purpose of and following a 
reconstruction, amalgamation, reorganisation, merger or consolidation, where (i) in 
connection with such reconstruction, amalgamation, reorganisation, merger or 
consolidation, when the Issuer has delivered to the Fiscal Agent, as soon as practicable 
prior to the effective date of such reconstruction, amalgamation, reorganisation, merger 
or consolidation, a certificate issued by S&P stating that the Notes will have a rating 
by such agency immediately following such reconstruction, amalgamation, 
reorganisation, merger or consolidation of at least investment grade, or (ii) in the case 
of a Principal Subsidiary, whereby the undertaking and assets of the Principal 
Subsidiary are vested in the Issuer or another of its Principal Subsidiaries; 
(vi) 
in the event that the Issuer or a Principal Subsidiary is in default under any agreement, 
consent, licence, filing, order, recording, authorisation, exemption or registration 
necessary to enable the Issuer to perform and comply with its obligations under the 
Notes, or to ensure that those obligations are legally binding and enforceable or to make 
the Notes admissible in evidence in the competent courts of Paris if such default (if 
capable of being remedied) shall not have been cured within 14 days. 
11. 
Representation of Noteholders 
The Noteholders will, in respect of all Tranches of the relevant Series, be grouped automatically for the 
defence of their common interests in a masse (the "Masse") which will be governed by the provisions of 
articles L.228-46 et seq. of the French Code de commerce as amended by this Condition 11. 
The Masse alone, to the exclusion of all individual Noteholders, shall exercise the common rights, actions 
and benefits which may accrue with respect to the Notes, without prejudice to the rights that Noteholders 
may exercise individually in accordance with, and subject to, the provisions of the terms and conditions 
of the Notes.

--- Page 56 ---
10284185454-v11 
- 56 - 
36-41073932 
 
(a) 
Legal Personality of the Masse 
The Masse will be a separate legal entity and will act in part through a representative (the 
"Representative") and in part through collective decisions of the Noteholders (the "Collective 
Decisions"). 
(b) 
Representative 
The names and addresses of the Representative and its alternate (if any), will be set out in the 
relevant Final Terms. The Representative appointed in respect of the first Tranche of any Series 
of Notes will be the Representative of the single Masse of all subsequent Tranches in such Series. 
The Representative will be entitled to such remuneration in connection with its functions or 
duties as set out in the relevant Final Terms. No additional remuneration is payable in relation 
to any subsequent Tranche of any given Series. 
In the event of death, liquidation, retirement, resignation or revocation of appointment of the 
Representative, such Representative will be replaced by its alternate, if any. Another 
Representative may be appointed. Collective Decisions in relation to the appointment or 
replacement of the Representative shall be published in accordance with Condition 11(k). 
All interested parties will at all times have the right to obtain the names and addresses of the 
Representative and the alternate Representative (if any) at the head office of the Issuer. 
(c) 
Powers of Representative 
The Representative shall (in the absence of any Collective Decision to the contrary) have the 
power to take all acts of management necessary in order to defend the common interests of the 
Noteholders, with the capacity to delegate its powers. 
All legal proceedings against the Noteholders or initiated by them, must be brought by or against 
the Representative. 
(d) 
Collective Decisions 
Collective Decisions are adopted either (i) in a general meeting (the "General Meetings"), or 
(ii) by unanimous consent of the Noteholders following a written consultation (the "Written 
Unanimous Decisions"), or (iii) by the consent of one or more Noteholders holding together at 
least 75 per cent. of the principal amount of the Notes outstanding, following a written 
consultation (the "Written Majority Decisions", and together with the Written Unanimous 
Decisions, the "Written Decisions"). 
In accordance with Article R. 228-71 of the French Code de commerce, the rights of each 
Noteholder to participate in Collective Decisions will be evidenced by the entries in the books 
of the relevant Account Holder or the Issuer or the Registration Agent (as the case may be) of 
the name of such Noteholder as of 0:00 Paris time, on the second (2nd) business day in Paris 
preceding the date set for the Collective Decision. 
Collective Decisions must be published in accordance with Condition 11(k). 
The Issuer shall hold a register of the Collective Decisions and shall make it available, upon 
request, to any subsequent holder of any of the Notes of such Series. 
(e) 
General Meetings 
A General Meeting may be called at any time, either by the Issuer or by the Representative. One 
or more Noteholders, holding together at least one-thirtieth (1/30) of the principal amount of 
Notes outstanding, may address to the Issuer and the Representative a demand for a General 
Meeting to be called. If such General Meeting has not been called within two (2) months after 
such demand, the Noteholders may commission one of them to petition the competent court to 
appoint an agent (mandataire) who will call the General Meeting. 
General Meetings may deliberate validly on first convocation only if the Noteholders present or 
represented hold at least one-fifth (1/5) of the principal amount of the Notes then outstanding. 
On second convocation, no quorum shall be required. The decisions of the General Meeting shall

--- Page 57 ---
10284185454-v11 
- 57 - 
36-41073932 
 
be taken by a two-thirds majority of votes held by the Noteholders attending such General 
Meeting or represented thereat. 
Notice of the date, time, place and agenda of any General Meeting will be published in 
accordance with Condition 11(k) not less than fifteen (15) calendar days prior to the date of the 
General Meeting on first convocation and not less than five (5) calendar days prior to the date 
of the General Meeting on second convocation. 
Each Noteholder has the right to participate in a General Meeting in person, by proxy or by 
correspondence. 
Each Noteholder or representative thereof will have the right to consult or make a copy of the 
text of the resolutions which will be proposed and of the reports, if any, which will be presented 
at the General Meeting, all of which will be available for inspection by the relevant Noteholders 
at the registered office of the Issuer and at any other place specified in the notice of the General 
Meeting, during the fifteen (15) calendar day period preceding the holding of the General 
Meeting on first convocation, or during the five (5) calendar day period preceding the holding 
of the General Meeting on second convocation. 
The General Meeting is chaired by the Representative. In the event of the absence of a 
representative at the start of a General Meeting and if no Noteholder is present or represented at 
the General Meeting, the Issuer may, notwithstanding the provisions of Article L.228-64 of the 
French Code de commerce, designate a provisional chairman until a new Representative has 
been appointed. 
(f) 
Written Decisions 
At the initiative of the Issuer, Collective Decisions may also be taken by Written Unanimous 
Decisions or Written Majority Decisions. 
(i) 
Written Unanimous Decision 
Written Unanimous Decisions shall be signed by or on behalf of all the Noteholders 
without having to comply with formalities and time limits referred to in Condition 
11(e). Approval of a Written Unanimous Decision may also be given by way of 
electronic communication allowing the identification of Noteholders in accordance 
with Article L.228-46-1 of the French Code de commerce ("Electronic Consent"). Any 
such decision shall, for all purposes, have the same effect as a resolution passed at a 
General Meeting of such Noteholders. Such Written Unanimous Decision may be 
contained in one document, or in several documents in like form each signed by or on 
behalf of one or more of such Noteholders, and shall be published in accordance with 
Condition 11(k). 
(ii) 
Written Majority Decision 
Notices seeking the approval of a Written Majority Decision, which shall include the 
text of the proposed resolutions together with any report thereon, will be published as 
provided under Condition 11(k) no less than fifteen (15) calendar days prior to the date 
fixed for the passing of such Written Majority Decision (the "Written Majority 
Decision Date"). Notices seeking the approval of a Written Majority Decision will 
contain the conditions of form and time limits to be complied with by the Noteholders 
who wish to express their approval or rejection of such proposed Written Majority 
Decision. Noteholders expressing their approval or rejection before the Written 
Majority Decision Date will undertake not to dispose of their Notes until after the 
Written Majority Decision Date. 
Written Majority Decisions shall be signed by one or more Noteholders holding 
together at least 75 per cent. of the principal amount of the Notes outstanding. Approval 
of a Written Majority Decision may also be given by Electronic Consent. Any Written 
Majority Decision shall, for all purposes, have the same effect as a resolution passed at 
a General Meeting of the Noteholders. Such Written Majority Decisions may be 
contained in one document, or in several documents in like form each signed by or on

--- Page 58 ---
10284185454-v11 
- 58 - 
36-41073932 
 
behalf of one or more of the Noteholders, and shall be published in accordance with 
Condition 11(k). 
(g) 
Exclusion of certain provisions of the French Code de commerce 
Changes in the corporate form of the Issuer, or a merger or a demerger relating to an intra-group 
reorganisation within the current Group perimeter, where the entity which will assume the 
liabilities of the Issuer under the Notes is incorporated in a member country of the Organisation 
for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD), will not require prior approval by the 
General Meeting of the Noteholders and consequently, the provisions of Article L.228-65 I 1°, 
in relation to proposed changes in the corporate form of the Issuer only, and 3°, in relation to the 
proposed merger or demerger of the Issuer in the context of such intra-group reorganisation, of 
the French Code de commerce, and the related provisions of the French Code de commerce, shall 
not apply to the Notes. 
(h) 
Expenses 
The Issuer shall pay all expenses relating to the operations of the Masse, including all expenses 
relating to the calling and holding of Collective Decisions and, more generally, all administrative 
expenses resolved upon by Collective Decisions, it being expressly stipulated that no expenses 
may be imputed against interest payable under the Notes. 
(i) 
Single Masse 
The holders of Notes of the same Series, and the holders of Notes of any other Series which have 
been assimilated with the Notes of such first mentioned Series in accordance with Condition 13 
(Further Issues), shall, for the defence of their respective common interests, be grouped in a 
single Masse. 
(j) 
Sole Noteholder 
If and for so long as the Notes of any Series are held by a sole Noteholder and unless a 
Representative has been appointed in relation to such Series, such Noteholder shall exercise all 
powers, rights and obligations entrusted to the Masse and the Representative by the provisions 
of the French Code de commerce. The Issuer shall hold a register of the decisions taken by the 
sole Noteholder in this capacity and shall make it available, upon request, to any subsequent 
holder of any of the Notes of such Series. 
(k) 
Notices for the purpose of this Condition 11 
Any notice to be given to Noteholders in accordance with this Condition 11 shall be published 
on the website of Carrefour (www.carrefour.com) and, 
(i) 
in the case of the holders of Notes in registered form (au nominatif), mailed to them at 
their respective addresses, in which case they shall be deemed to have been given on 
the fourth (4th) weekday (being a day other than a Saturday or a Sunday) after the 
mailing; or 
(ii) 
in the case of the holders of Notes in bearer form (au porteur), given by delivery of the 
relevant notice to Euroclear France, Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and any other 
clearing system through which the Notes are for the time being cleared. 
Any decision to proceed with a transaction, notwithstanding the failure to obtain Noteholders' 
approval, as contemplated by Article L.228-72 of the French Code de commerce will be notified 
to Noteholders in accordance with this Condition 11(k). Any Noteholder will then have the right 
to request redemption of its Notes at par within thirty (30) days of the date of notification, in 
which case the Issuer shall redeem such Noteholder within thirty (30) days of the Noteholder's 
request for redemption. 
If a merger or a spin-off is contemplated by the Issuer, the Issuer will have the option to submit 
the proposal for approval by a Collective Decision of the Masse or to offer redemption at par to 
Noteholders pursuant to Article L. 228-73 of the French Code de commerce. Such redemption 
offer shall be notified to Noteholders in accordance with this Condition 11(k). If the Masse does

--- Page 59 ---
10284185454-v11 
- 59 - 
36-41073932 
 
not approve the merger or spin-off proposal, any decision to proceed with the transaction will 
be notified to Noteholders in accordance with this paragraph 11(k). 
In this Condition 11, the expression "outstanding" does not include the Notes subscribed or purchased by 
the Issuer in accordance with applicable laws which are held by the Issuer and not cancelled. 
12. 
Replacement of Materialised Notes, Coupons and Talons 
If, in the case of any Materialised Notes, a Definitive Materialised Note, Coupon or Talon is lost, stolen, 
mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced, subject to applicable laws, regulations and Regulated 
Market regulations, at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent or such other Paying Agent as may from 
time to time be designated by the Issuer for the purpose and notice of whose designation is given to 
Noteholders, in each case on payment by the claimant of the fees and costs incurred in connection 
therewith and on such terms as to evidence, security and indemnity (which may provide, inter alia, that 
if the allegedly lost, stolen or destroyed Definitive Materialised Note, Coupon or Talon is subsequently 
presented for payment or, as the case may be, for exchange for further Coupons, there shall be paid to the 
Issuer on demand the amount payable by the Issuer in respect of such Definitive Materialised Notes, 
Coupons or further Coupons) and otherwise as the Issuer may require. Mutilated or defaced Materialised 
Notes, Coupons or Talons must be surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
13. 
Further Issues 
The Issuer may from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders create and 
issue further notes to be assimilated (assimilées) and form a single series with the Notes provided such 
Notes and the further notes carry rights identical in all respects (or in all respects save for the principal 
amount thereof and the first payment of interest specified in the relevant Final Terms) and that the terms 
of such further notes provide for such assimilation and references in these Conditions to "Notes" shall be 
construed accordingly. 
14. 
Notices 
(a) 
Subject to Condition 14(d), notices to the holders of Dematerialised Notes in registered form (au 
nominatif) shall be valid if either, (i) they are mailed to them at their respective addresses, in 
which case they will be deemed to have been given on the fourth (4th) weekday (being a day 
other than a Saturday or a Sunday) after the mailing, or, (ii) at the option of the Issuer, they are 
published in a leading daily newspaper of general circulation in Europe (which is expected to be 
the Financial Times); provided that, so long as such Notes are admitted to trading on any 
Regulated Market and the rules applicable to such Regulated Market so require, notices shall be 
valid if published in a daily newspaper with general circulation in the city/ies where the 
Regulated Market on which such Notes is/are admitted to trading is located which, in the case 
of Euronext Paris, is expected to be Les Echos, and as otherwise required by the applicable rules 
of that Regulated Market, as the case may be. 
(b) 
Notices to the holders of Materialised Notes and Dematerialised Notes in bearer form (au 
porteur) shall be valid if published in a daily leading newspaper of general circulation in Europe 
(which is expected to be the Financial Times) and so long as such Notes are admitted to trading 
on any Regulated Market and the rules applicable to such Regulated Market so require, in a 
leading daily newspaper with general circulation in the city/ies where the Regulated Market on 
which such Notes is/are admitted to trading is located which, in the case of Euronext Paris is 
expected to be Les Echos, and as otherwise required by the applicable rules of that Regulated 
Market, as the case may be. 
(c) 
If any such publication is not practicable, notice shall be validly given if published in another 
leading daily English language newspaper with general circulation in Europe, provided that so 
long as such Notes are admitted to trading on any Regulated Market, notice shall be published 
as otherwise required by the applicable rules of that Regulated Market, as the case may be. Any 
such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the date of such publication or, if published 
more than once or on different dates, on the date of the first publication as provided above. 
Holders of Coupons shall be deemed for all purposes to have notice of the contents of any notice 
given to the holders of Materialised Notes in accordance with this Condition.

--- Page 60 ---
10284185454-v11 
- 60 - 
36-41073932 
 
(d) 
Notices required to be given to the holders of Dematerialised Notes (whether in registered or in 
bearer form) (au nominatif ou au porteur) pursuant to these Conditions may be given by delivery 
of the relevant notice to Euroclear France, Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and any other 
clearing system through which the Notes are for the time being cleared in substitution for the 
mailing and publication as required by Conditions 14(a), (b) and (c) above; except that so long 
as such Notes are listed on any Regulated Market and the rules applicable to such Regulated 
Market so require, notices shall also be published in a daily newspaper with general circulation 
in the city/ies where the Regulated Market on which such Notes are admitted to trading is/are 
located which, in the case of Euronext Paris is expected to be Les Echos, and as otherwise 
required by the applicable rules of that Regulated Market, as the case may be. 
(e) 
For the avoidance of doubt, this Condition 14 shall not apply to notices to be given pursuant to 
Condition 11. 
15. 
Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
(a) 
Governing Law: The Notes and where applicable, the Coupons and the Talons, are governed 
by, and shall be construed in accordance with, French law. 
(b) 
Jurisdiction: The competent courts within the jurisdiction of the Court of Appeal of Paris have 
non-exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute arising out of or in connection with any Notes, 
Coupons or Talons.

--- Page 61 ---
10284185454-v11 
- 61 - 
36-41073932 
 
TEMPORARY GLOBAL CERTIFICATES ISSUED IN RESPECT OF MATERIALISED NOTES 
Temporary Global Certificates 
A Temporary Global Certificate, without interest Coupons, will initially be issued in connection with Materialised 
Notes. Upon the initial deposit of such Temporary Global Certificate with a common depositary for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg (the "Common Depositary"), Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg will credit the 
accounts of each subscriber with a nominal amount of Notes equal to the nominal amount thereof for which it has 
subscribed and paid. 
The Common Depositary may also credit with a nominal amount of Notes the accounts of subscribers with (if 
indicated in the relevant Final Terms) other clearing systems through direct or indirect accounts with Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg held by such other clearing systems. Conversely, a nominal amount of Notes that 
is initially deposited with any other clearing system may similarly be credited to the accounts of subscribers with 
Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or other clearing systems. 
Exchange 
Each Temporary Global Certificate issued in respect of Notes will be exchangeable, free of charge to the holder, 
on or after its Exchange Date (as defined below): 
(i) 
if the relevant Final Terms indicates that such Temporary Global Certificate is issued in compliance with 
the C Rules or in a transaction to which TEFRA is not applicable (as to which, see "Subscription and 
Sale" below), in whole, but not in part, for the Definitive Materialised Notes; and 
(ii) 
otherwise, in whole but not in part upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership (a form of which 
shall be available at the specified offices of any of the Paying Agents) for Definitive Materialised Notes. 
Delivery of Definitive Materialised Notes 
On or after its Exchange Date, the holder of a Temporary Global Certificate may surrender such Temporary Global 
Certificate to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent. In exchange for any Temporary Global Certificate, the Issuer will 
deliver, or procure the delivery of, an equal aggregate nominal amount of duly executed and authenticated 
Definitive Materialised Notes. In this Base Prospectus, Definitive Materialised Notes means, in relation to any 
Temporary Global Certificate, the Definitive Materialised Notes for which such Temporary Global Certificate may 
be exchanged (if appropriate, having attached to them all Coupons in respect of interest that has not already been 
paid on the Temporary Global Certificate and a Talon). Definitive Materialised Notes will be security printed in 
accordance with any applicable legal and Regulated Market requirements. Forms of such Definitive Materialised 
Notes shall be available at the specified offices of any of the Paying Agent(s). 
Exchange Date 
"Exchange Date" means, in relation to a Temporary Global Certificate, the calendar day falling after the expiry 
of 40 calendar days after its issue date, provided that, in the event any further Materialised Notes are issued prior 
to such day pursuant to Condition 13, the Exchange Date for such Temporary Global Certificate shall be postponed 
to the calendar day falling after the expiry of 40 calendar days after the issue of such further Materialised Notes.

--- Page 62 ---
10284185454-v11 
- 62 - 
36-41073932 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, the net proceeds of the issue of Notes will be used for the 
general corporate purposes of the Group, including, in relation to Sustainability-Linked Notes, CSR Projects (as 
further described below). 
In relation to Sustainability-Linked Notes, regardless of whether or not the applicable Sustainability Performance 
Target(s) has/have been reached, the Issuer may elect to dedicate part of the proceeds of any Sustainability-Linked 
Notes to fund CSR Projects.  
For the purposes of Sustainability-Linked Notes, "CSR Projects" means the "Act for Food" project (as described 
in the 2023 URD) or any other internal project conducted by the Issuer as part of its CSR (corporate social 
responsibility) strategy. 
For the avoidance of doubt, Sustainability-Linked Notes are not "sustainable bonds", "social bonds" or "green 
bonds" where the proceeds would be exclusively applied to finance or refinance green or social projects or a 
combination of both green and social projects. The Issuer does not intend to comply with the Green Bond 
Principles, Social Bond Principles or Sustainability Bond Guidelines published by ICMA.

--- Page 63 ---
10284185454-v11 
- 63 - 
36-41073932 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER 
The description of the Issuer is set out in the 2023 URD incorporated by reference herein (please see the section 
headed "Documents Incorporated by Reference" on pages 23 to 27 of this Base Prospectus).

--- Page 64 ---
10284185454-v11 
- 64 - 
36-41073932 
 
RECENT DEVELOPMENTS 
 
"Press release – 24 April 2024

--- Page 65 ---
First-quarter 2024 sales 
April 24, 2024 
 
 
 
LFL sales up +13.5% in Q1 2024 
Sound execution of strategic initiatives 
Full-year 2024 financial targets confirmed 
• Like-for-like sales growth of +13.5% in Q1 
• Broadly stable sales in France (-0.4% LFL) and the rest of Europe (-0.2% LFL), reflecting the slowdown in inflation and 
price investments, while volumes remained under pressure 
• Inflection in Brazil, with sales up +1.3% LFL in Q1 (after -2.2% LFL in Q4), notably thanks to good performance at 
Atacadão (+1.8% LFL) and Sam’s Club (+6.9% LFL) and to the continued ramp-up of ex-BIG stores converted to Atacadão 
(+21% LFL) 
• Intensified price investments in France and the rest of Europe, supported by the strategic initiatives of the Carrefour 
2026 plan and reinforced cost savings plan, raised to €1.2bn in 2024 (vs. €1.0bn) 
• Sound execution of strategic initiatives in Q1  
o 
Continued progress from Carrefour-branded products, reaching 37% of food sales (vs. 35% in Q1 2023) 
o 
Strong +33% growth in e-commerce GMV, notably driven by Brazil 
o 
Strong NPS® increase of more than 6 points, including +8 points in France, notably driven by price perception  
o 
Ramp-up of Eureca, Carrefour’s European purchasing platform, now including 20 partner suppliers 
• Full-year 2024 financial targets confirmed: Growth in EBITDA and Recurring Operating Income; Net Free Cash Flow in 
line with the Carrefour 2026 plan trajectory 
• Carrefour has initiated its €700m share buyback program with €428m secured to date, including €365m related to the 
buyback of 25 million shares from Galfa 
Alexandre Bompard, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, declared: “In the first quarter, Carrefour Group demonstrated 
resilience in Europe against a backdrop of continued pressure on purchasing power. The Group also recorded very clear signs 
of recovery in Brazil, notably in its Atacadão and Sam’s Club formats. In order to strengthen our competitiveness while 
protecting our economic model, we are heightening our cost-reduction dynamic and will accelerate price reductions 
throughout 2024 in France and the rest of Europe. Further progress in implementing our strategic plan enables the Group to 
view the rest of the year with confidence and to confirm its full-year 2024 targets.” 
FIRST-QUARTER 2024 KEY FIGURES 
 
 
First-quarter 2024 
 
 
 
Sales inc.  
VAT (€m) 
LFL1 
Total variation 
 
 
 
At current 
exchange rates 
At constant 
exchange rates 
 
France 
 
10,000 
-0.4% 
-2.1% 
-2.1% 
 
Europe 
 
6,155 
-0.2% 
+2.4% 
+1.8% 
 
Latin America (pre-IAS 29) 
 
6,000 
+48.0% 
+2.7% 
+47.8% 
 
Group (pre-IAS 29) 
 
22,156 
+13.5% 
+0.4% 
+12.1% 
 
IAS 292 
 
75 
 
 
 
 
Group (post-IAS 29) 
 
22,230 
 
 
 
 
Notes: (1) Excluding petrol and calendar effects and at constant exchange rates; (2) Hyperinflation and foreign exchange in Argentina

--- Page 66 ---
First-quarter 2024 sales 
April 24, 2024 
 
STRATEGIC INITIATIVES PROGRESSING WELL IN Q1 2024 
Carrefour is staying the course against a backdrop marked by a sharp slowdown in food inflation in all European 
countries, further trading down and continued pressure on volumes. 
In this context, the Group made new advances in the implementation of the Carrefour 2026 plan: 
● Carrefour-branded products continued to show strong progress, reaching 37% of food sales vs. 35% in Q1 
2023, supported by growing popularity (voted favorite retailer brand in France for the 4th successive year) 
● European mutualization continues, with a strong ramp-up of Eureca, the European purchasing platform, 
and the roll-out of shared services 
● Digital initiatives continued to bear fruit, with a +33% increase in e-commerce GMV in Q1 and further 
advances in the Data and Retail media activity 
In the first quarter, the Group strengthened investments in its competitiveness in France and the rest of Europe, 
with new price reduction campaigns. This repositioning is already noticeable in a strong NPS® increase at Group 
level (+6 points) driven by improving price perception. Carrefour plans to increase its investments throughout 
2024 and is giving itself the necessary means to implement this policy while protecting its economic model, 
raising its cost saving objective to €1.2bn from €1.0bn initially. 
In Brazil, the quarter was marked by a sequential improvement in activity and by the good performance of 
converted former Grupo BIG stores, contributing strongly to growth in sales and profitability. At the same time, 
the Group initiated the conversion wave of 40 Carrefour hypermarkets to Atacadão and Sam’s Club formats, to 
be finalized by 2026 (including 20 in 2024), with 5 stores already reopened in Q1 and 9 undergoing conversion 
work. 
Carrefour is also making further progress in CSR, notably on climate and diversity, with the implementation of a 
proactive promotion policy on diversity. 
The Paris 2024 Olympic and Paralympic Games, for which Carrefour is a premium partner, are an unprecedented 
showcase for the promotion of our values, particularly on inclusion and disability, and for the Group’s “raison 
d'être,” the food transition for all. Carrefour will provide all fresh products used for the athletes' meals at the 
Olympic and Paralympic Village. Carrefour will sell with exclusivity more than 400 products under the Paris 2024 
license. This partnership also brings together all Group employees, including those working in franchise stores, 
who took part in a major internal cohesion project around sport during the “Big Carrefour Tournament.” 
The Group is moving forward with confidence. Strategic initiatives in Europe are bearing fruit; activity is 
significantly improving in Brazil, driven both by a more buoyant market environment and the ramp-up of 
converted stores. In this context, Carrefour confirms its financial targets for 2024: Growth in EBITDA and 
Recurring Operating Income; Net Free Cash Flow in line with the Carrefour 2026 plan trajectory.

--- Page 67 ---
First-quarter 2024 sales 
April 24, 2024 
 
FIRST-QUARTER 2024 SALES INC. VAT 
First-quarter sales inc. VAT increased by +13.5% on a like-for-like basis (LFL). They reached €22,156m pre-
IAS 29, an increase of +12.1% at constant exchange rates. This increase includes a negative petrol effect of -
2.3%, and a calendar effect of +1.4%, mainly linked to the leap year and the timing of Easter in the first quarter 
this year. After taking into account a negative exchange rate effect of -11.8%, mainly reflecting the depreciation 
of the Argentinian Peso, total sales growth at current exchange rates amounted to +0.4%. The impact of the 
application of IAS 29 was +€75m. 
 
LFL 
 
Q1 2024 
France 
 
-0.4% 
Europe 
 
-0.2% 
Latin America 
 
+48.0% 
Group 
 
+13.5% 
 
In France, Q1 LFL sales were slightly down, by -0.4%, reflecting LFL food growth of +0.4% while non-food sales 
were down -7.5% LFL. This performance comes in a context of slowing inflation and continued pressure on 
volumes. Carrefour continued to invest in its competitiveness, with price reductions on more than 700 products 
at national level during the quarter, the announcement of new price reduction waves every fortnight, starting 
with an average 10% reduction on 100 everyday products on April 1st, and multiple additional price initiatives 
at store level. Customer satisfaction has improved strongly in France, with an NPS® increase of +8pts year-on-
year. At the same time, Carrefour is continuing to transform the way it operates its stores in France, with 6 of 
the 16 hypermarkets scheduled for transfer in 2024 already switched to lease management. 
LFL 
 
Q1 2024 
Hypermarkets 
 
-1.3% 
Supermarkets 
 
+0.1% 
Convenience/other formats 
 
+0.8% 
o/w Convenience 
 
+0.2% 
France 
 
-0.4% 
 
In Europe, sales are broadly stable (-0.2% LFL in Q1). The sequential deceleration reflected the general 
slowdown in food inflation over the quarter, while the Group strengthened its price investment policy. 
● In Spain (+0.7% LFL), Carrefour maintained solid momentum in food (+1.2% LFL) and posted a slight decline 
in non-food (-1.2% LFL). NPS® was up +6 points year-on-year  
● In Italy (-1.4% LFL), sales were slightly down over the quarter in a market marked by decreasing volumes  
● In Belgium (-0.2% LFL), sales were broadly stable. After +4.3% LFL sales growth in January/February with 
an increase in volumes, confirming excellent commercial momentum, sales decreased in March (-7.6% LFL) 
on an exceptionally high comparable base (+16.8% LFL in March 2023) linked to major disruptions last year 
at a competitor 
● In Romania (+1.7% LFL), Carrefour continued to report solid sales growth despite a high comparable base 
(+12.5% LFL in Q1 2023) and a sharp slowdown in inflation. Total sales increased by +15.0% at constant 
exchange rate, notably driven by the integration of the Cora stores acquired in Q4, which benefit from 
Carrefour’s commercial model, with first synergies already visible 
● In Poland (-4.2% LFL), the sales decrease came amid a particularly difficult market environment, with 
heightened competition since the beginning of the year

--- Page 68 ---
First-quarter 2024 sales 
April 24, 2024 
 
 
LFL 
 
Q1 2024 
Spain 
 
+0.7% 
Italy 
 
-1.4% 
Belgium  
 
-0.2% 
Romania 
 
+1.7% 
Poland 
 
-4.2% 
Europe (excl. France) 
 
-0.2% 
  
In Latin America, like-for-like sales were up +48.0%. 
● In Brazil, LFL sales rose by +1.3% in Q1, returning to growth after three quarters of decline. Activity has 
improved significantly month after month, with +3.7% LFL sales growth in March. This good performance 
reflects improved commercial momentum in all formats, with a recovery in volumes, amid a return to 
slightly positive food inflation. Total sales grew by +2.5% at constant exchange rate. The foreign exchange 
effect was a favorable +3.7% in the quarter. 
o Atacadão sales were up +6.6% at constant exchange rate in Q1 2024, driven by LFL sales up 
+1.8% and expansion with 20 new stores opened in the last 12 months. This good momentum 
notably reflected recovery in BtoB business and the success of commercial initiatives such as 
the roll-out of in-store service counters (bakery, butchery, cold cuts). 58 stores now offer those 
services (vs. 19 in December 2023), which will continue to be rolled out to approximately 120 
stores by year-end. Ex-Grupo BIG stores converted to Atacadão continued their rapid ramp-up, 
with +21% LFL growth in Q1 
o Carrefour Retail sales (-1.4% LFL) also showed sequential improvement since Q4 2023 (-5.5% 
LFL), with a return to positive territory in March. Non-food sales posted solid growth over the 
quarter (+2.4% LFL). The store portfolio adjustment is concluded, with 123 stores (16 
hypermarkets and 107 supermarkets) sold or closed at end-March 
o Sam’s Club sales continued their excellent momentum (+6.9% LFL), benefiting from a sharp 
+33.5% increase in active members vs. March 2023 
o E-commerce GMV continued to post strong growth in Q1 (+52%), driven by a +78% increase in 
food 
o Financial services maintained solid growth, with billings up +16% and a +22% increase in credit 
portfolio in Q1, notably reflecting the recruitment of new customers in recently-converted 
stores  
 
● In Argentina (+265.0% LFL), Carrefour continued to report very strong growth in a context of hyperinflation. 
The Group also strengthened its price positioning leadership 
 
LFL 
  
Q1 2024 
Brazil 
  
+1.3% 
Atacadão 
  
+1.8% 
Carrefour Retail 
  
-1.4% 
Sam’s Club 
 
+6.9% 
Argentina 
  
+265.0% 
Latin America 
  
+48.0%

--- Page 69 ---
First-quarter 2024 sales 
April 24, 2024 
 
COMPLETION OF ACQUISITIONS  
The completion of several acquisitions, announced in recent months, already took place or is expected this year:  
● In Spain, Carrefour completed the acquisition of supermarkets and convenience stores under the 
SuperCor banner from El Corte Inglés on April 9. The transaction includes 43 stores for a revised 
enterprise value of €53m (compared to the announcement of €60m for 47 stores). Stores will be rapidly 
converted to Carrefour Market, Carrefour Express and Supeco formats, with the first reopenings 
expected in early May  
● In France, the acquisition of 25 ex-Casino stores out of the 31 announced on January 24 is expected to 
be completed on April 30. It is subject to Casino’s ability to lift the conditions precedent attached to the 
transfer. The effective acquisition of the remaining stores from Intermarché is expected in the second 
half of the year 
● The closing of the acquisition of Cora and Match banners in France is still expected by summer 2024 
 
IMPLEMENTATION OF THE €700M SHARE BUYBACK PROGRAM 
The Group initiated the new share buyback program announced in February for an amount of €700m. 
29,041,471 shares were repurchased since March 4, for a total amount of €428m, including 4,041,471 shares at 
an average price of 15.68 euros and the buyback of 25 million shares (c.3.5% of the share capital) from Galfa, 
for an amount of €365m1, as announced on March 26, 2024. As a reminder, these 25 million shares will be 
delivered after payment of the dividend for the financial year 2023 (subject to approval of the Annual General 
Meeting on May 24, 2024).  
On April 24, 2024, the Board of Directors decided to cancel 16,844,310 shares. To date, the number of shares 
making up the share capital therefore amounts to 691,946,506, including 2,395,286 treasury shares. The total 
number of outstanding shares as of April 24, 2024 thus amounts to 689,551,220, of which 25 million shares 
repurchased and not yet delivered to date. 
FURTHER PROGRESS IN CSR 
In the first quarter, Carrefour continued to implement strong CSR commitments, in line with the Carrefour 2026 
plan: 
● Climate change - In January 2024, Carrefour énergies initiated a partnership with Octopus Energy in 
France, with the aim of offering its customers an ultra-competitive French green electricity offer, thus 
pursuing its actions in favor of the energy and environmental transition 
● Diversity - Carrefour has launched an unprecedented action plan in France to reinforce diversity of origin 
among its managers. Based on an extensive in-house survey of Group employees in France, to which 
almost 20,000 responded, this action plan is founded on four complementary pillars: training in non-
discrimination and diversity awareness, creation of a community of role models, recruitment and 
promotion of candidates from diverse backgrounds, notably in conjunction with specialized associations 
● Responsible consumption - The Group has launched the Restart project, a key project enabler for 
responsible consumption, with the aim of testing and deploying best practices for more sustainable and 
inclusive stores. Topics include anti-waste, packaging, climate, second-hand, nutrition, accessibility and 
diversity 
● Carrefour Foundation - In January 2024, the Carrefour Foundation began a new mandate, now focused 
on the fight against food insecurity, in the current context of increasing needs of food aid associations 
 
 
1 This amount does not include the dividend amount to be received (c.€22m) related to these shares

--- Page 70 ---
First-quarter 2024 sales 
April 24, 2024 
 
AGENDA 
• 
Annual General Meeting: May 24, 2024 
• 
Q2 sales and H1 2024 results: July 24, 2024 (after market close) 
• 
Q3 sales: October 23, 2024 (after market close) 
CONTACTS 
Investor Relations 
Sébastien Valentin, Anthony Guglielmo and Mathilde Novick 
 
Tel: +33 (0)1 64 50 82 57 
Shareholder Relations   
Tel: 0 805 902 902 (toll-free in France) 
Group Communication  
Tel: +33 (0)1 58 47 88 80

--- Page 71 ---
First-quarter 2024 sales 
April 24, 2024 
 
APPENDIX 
First-quarter 2024 sales inc. VAT  
 
 
Sales 
inc. 
VAT 
(€m) 
 
Variation ex petrol ex 
calendar 
 
Total variation inc. 
petrol 
LFL 
Organic 
 
at current 
exchange 
rates 
at 
constant 
exchange 
rates 
France 
10,000 
 
-0.4% 
-1.8% 
 
-2.1% 
-2.1% 
Hypermarkets 
4,807 
 
-1.3% 
-3.0% 
 
-3.8% 
-3.8% 
Supermarkets 
3,392 
 
+0.1% 
-0.5% 
 
-0.1% 
-0.1% 
Convenience /other formats 
1,802 
 
+0.8% 
-0.7% 
 
-1.3% 
-1.3% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Other European countries 
6,155 
 
-0.2% 
-0.3% 
 
+2.4% 
+1.8% 
Spain 
2,716 
 
+0.7% 
+0.6% 
 
+0.2% 
+0.2% 
Italy 
1,035 
 
-1.4% 
-3.0% 
 
-1.2% 
-1.2% 
Belgium 
1,102 
 
-0.2% 
-0.2% 
 
+1.3% 
+1.3% 
Romania 
725 
 
+1.7% 
+3.7% 
 
+13.7% 
+15.0% 
Poland 
576 
 
-4.2% 
-4.7% 
 
+9.4% 
+0.6% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Latin America (pre-IAS 29) 
6,000 
 
+48.0% 
+47.8% 
 
+2.7% 
+47.8% 
Brazil 
5,168 
 
+1.3% 
+1.6% 
 
+6.2% 
+2.5% 
Argentina (pre-IAS 29) 
832 
 
+265.0% 
+272.3% 
 
-14.7% 
+274.5% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Group total (pre-IAS 29) 
22,156 
 
+13.5% 
+12.8% 
 
+0.4% 
+12.1% 
IAS 29(1) 
75 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Group total (post-IAS 29) 
22,230 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Note: (1) hyperinflation and foreign exchange

--- Page 72 ---
First-quarter 2024 sales 
April 24, 2024 
 
Technical effects – First-quarter 2024 
 
 
 
Calendar 
Petrol 
Foreign 
exchange 
 
France 
 
+1.4% 
-1.7% 
- 
 
Hypermarkets 
 
+1.6% 
-2.4% 
- 
 
Supermarkets 
 
+1.5% 
-1.1% 
- 
 
Convenience /other formats 
 
+0.8% 
-1.2% 
- 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Other European countries 
 
+1.5% 
-0.5% 
+0.6% 
 
Spain 
 
+0.6% 
-1.0% 
- 
 
Italy 
 
+2.3% 
-0.5% 
- 
 
Belgium 
 
+1.5% 
- 
- 
 
Romania 
 
+1.6% 
-0.1% 
-1.2% 
 
Poland 
 
+4.3% 
+1.0% 
+8.8% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Latin America 
 
+1.2% 
-1.2% 
-45.1% 
 
Brazil 
 
+1.0% 
-0.1% 
+3.7% 
 
Argentina 
 
+2.2% 
- 
-289.2% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Group total 
 
+1.4% 
-2.3% 
-11.8% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Change in the company’s share capital 
 
 
 
 
Dec. 31 2023 
Apr. 24 2024 
 
Total number of shares 
 
708,790,816 
691,946,506 
 
Shares bought back for cancellation 
 
12,802,839 
- 
 
Other treasury shares 
 
4,806,686 
2,395,286 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Total number of outstanding shares 
 
691,181,291 
689,551,2202 
 
 
 
 
 
 
2 Including 25 million shares repurchased, which will be delivered after payment of the dividend for the financial year 2023

--- Page 73 ---
First-quarter 2024 sales 
April 24, 2024 
 
Expansion under banners – Q1 2024 
Thousands of sq. 
m 
Dec. 31 
 2023 
Openings/ 
Store 
enlargements 
Acquisitions 
Closures/ 
Store 
reductions/ 
Disposals 
Q1 2024 change 
Mar. 31 2024 
France 
5,697 
+14 
+2 
-16 
- 
5,697 
Europe (ex Fr) 
5,937 
+42 
- 
-24 
+18 
5,955 
Latin America 
3,951 
+7 
- 
-152 
-144 
3,807 
Others(1) 
2,113 
+66 
- 
- 
+66 
2,178 
Group 
17,698 
+129 
+2 
-192 
-61 
17,638 
 
Note: (1) Asia, Africa, Middle East and Dominican Republic 
Store network under banners – Q1 2024 
N° of stores 
Dec. 31 
2023 
Openings 
Acquisition
s 
Closures/ 
Disposals 
Transfers 
Total Q1 
2024 
change 
Mar. 31 
 2024 
Hypermarkets 
1,182 
- 
- 
-17 
-4 
-21 
1,161 
France 
253 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
253 
Europe (ex France) 
469 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
469 
Latin America 
223 
- 
- 
-16 
-4 
-20 
203 
Others(1) 
237 
- 
- 
-1 
- 
-1 
236 
Supermarkets 
4,146 
59 
- 
-34 
-5 
20 
4,166 
France 
1,037 
2 
- 
-2 
- 
- 
1,037 
Europe (ex France) 
2,139 
52 
- 
-14 
-1 
37 
2,176 
Latin America 
212 
- 
- 
-15 
-4 
-19 
193 
Others(1) 
758 
5 
- 
-3 
- 
2 
760 
Convenience stores 
8,754 
106 
8 
-99 
2 
17 
8,771 
France 
4,561 
51 
8 
-29 
- 
30 
4,591 
Europe (ex France) 
3,445 
43 
- 
-66 
1 
-22 
3,423 
Latin America 
631 
7 
- 
-4 
1 
4 
635 
Others(1) 
117 
5 
- 
- 
- 
5 
122 
Cash & carry 
584 
5 
- 
-1 
7 
11 
595 
France 
151 
2 
- 
-1 
- 
1 
152 
Europe (ex France) 
12 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
12 
Latin America 
387 
1 
- 
- 
7 
8 
395 
Others(1) 
34 
2 
- 
- 
- 
2 
36 
Soft 
discount 
(Supeco) 
213 
- 
- 
-83 
- 
- 
130 
France 
33 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
33 
Europe (ex France) 
97 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
97 
Latin America 
83 
- 
- 
-83 
- 
- 
- 
Others(1) 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Sam’s Club 
51 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
51 
France 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Europe (ex France) 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Latin America 
51 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
51 
Others(1) 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Group 
14,930 
170 
8 
-234 
- 
-56 
14,874 
France 
6,035 
55 
8 
-32 
- 
31 
6,066 
Europe (ex France) 
6,162 
95 
- 
-80 
- 
15 
6,117 
Latin America 
1,587 
8 
- 
-118 
- 
-110 
1,477 
Others(1) 
1,146 
12 
- 
-4 
- 
8 
1,154 
 
Note: (1) Asia, Africa, Middle East and Dominican Republic

--- Page 74 ---
First-quarter 2024 sales 
April 24, 2024 
 
DEFINITIONS 
 
Free cash flow 
Free cash flow corresponds to cash flow from operating activities before net finance costs and net interests related to 
lease commitment, after the change in working capital, less net cash from/(used in) investing activities. 
Net Free Cash Flow 
Net Free Cash Flow corresponds to free cash flow after net finance costs and net lease payments. 
Like for like sales growth (LFL) 
Sales generated by stores opened for at least twelve months, excluding temporary store closures, at constant 
exchange rates, excluding petrol and calendar effects and excluding IAS 29 impact. 
Organic sales growth 
Like for like sales growth plus net openings over the past twelve months, including temporary store closures, at 
constant exchange rates. 
 
® Net Promoter, Net Promoter System, Net Promoter Score, NPS and the NPS-related emoticons are registered trademarks of Bain & Company, Inc., Fred Reichheld 
and Satmetrix Systems, Inc 
 
DISCLAIMER 
This press release contains both historical and forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are 
based on Carrefour management's current views and assumptions. Such statements are not guarantees of future 
performance of the Group. Actual results or performances may differ materially from those in such forward looking 
statements as a result of a number of risks and uncertainties, including but not limited to the risks described in the 
documents filed with the Autorité des Marchés Financiers as part of the regulated information disclosure requirements 
and available on Carrefour's website (www.carrefour.com), and in particular the Universal Registration Document. 
These documents are also available in English on the company's website. Investors may obtain a copy of these 
documents from Carrefour free of charge. Carrefour does not assume any obligation to update or revise any of these 
forward-looking statements in the future. 
" 
 
Change to the composition of the Issuer's Board of Directors 
 
Mrs. Marguerite Bérard was appointed by the Issuer's Shareholders' meeting held on 24 May 2024, as member of the Board of 
Directors and she will join the Issuer's Audit Committee. Her professional address is: 93, avenue de Paris, 91300 Massy, France 
and she does not perform any other significant activity outside of the Issuer.  
 
Additionally, the appointment of Mr.  Eduardo Rossi as Director, appointed by the Board of Directors on March 13, 2024, was 
ratified by the Shareholders’ Meeting on 24 May 2024. His professional address is: 93, avenue de Paris, 91300 Massy, France and 
he does not perform any other significant activity outside of the Issuer.  
 
 
Cancellation of treasury shares 
 
The Board of Directors decided to cancel 13,977,318 treasury shares. To date, the number of shares making up the share capital of 
the Issuer therefore amounts to 677,969,188 shares, including 13,417,968 treasury shares. The shares capital of the Issuer, as at 
June 3, 2024, amounts to €1,694,922,970.

--- Page 75 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
[EU MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ELIGIBLE 
COUNTERPARTIES ONLY TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's 
product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes taking into account the five 
categories referred to in item 19 of the Guidelines on EU MiFID II product governance requirements published by 
ESMA dated 3 August 2023, has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible 
counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU on markets in financial 
instruments (as amended, "EU MiFID II"); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to EU MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) 
and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ELIGIBLE 
COUNTERPARTIES ONLY TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's 
product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes, has led to the conclusion that: (i) 
the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of 
Business Sourcebook ("COBS"), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("UK MiFIR"); and (ii) all channels 
for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the 
manufacturer ['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product 
Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible 
for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer ['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are 
not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and, should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor 
means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive EU 
MiFID II; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU on insurance distribution, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II. 
Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the "EU 
PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in 
the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any 
retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the EU PRIIPs Regulation. 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UNITED KINGDOM RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended 
to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
any retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is 
one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); or (ii) a customer within 
the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement 
Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of 
Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes 
or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation.] 
[Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore, as modified or 
amended from time to time (the "SFA") – In connection with Section 309B of the SFA and the Securities and 
Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the "CMP Regulations 2018"), the Issuer has 
determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A(1) of the SFA), that the Notes are 
[prescribed capital markets products][capital markets products other than prescribed capital markets products] (as 
defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and [Excluded][Specified] Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice 
SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations 
on Investment Products).]

--- Page 76 ---
Final Terms dated [●] 
Carrefour 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): [549300B8P6MUJ1YWTS08] 
 
[Logo, if document is printed] 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the €12,000,000,000  
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Series No.: [] 
Tranche No.: [] 
Issue Price: [] per cent. 
[Name(s) of Dealer(s)] 
 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the terms and conditions set forth in 
the Base Prospectus dated 5 June 2024 which received approval no. 24-194 from the Autorité des marchés 
financiers ("AMF") in France on 5 June 2024 [and the supplement[s] to the Base Prospectus dated [●] which 
received approval no. [●] from the AMF on [●]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the "Base 
Prospectus") for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 
14 June 2017 (as may be amended from time to time, the "EU Prospectus Regulation"). This document constitutes 
the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of Article 8 of the EU Prospectus Regulation and 
must be read in conjunction with such Base Prospectus [as so supplemented]. 
Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of these 
Final Terms and the Base Prospectus [as so supplemented]. The Base Prospectus [, the supplement[s] to the Base 
Prospectus] and the Final Terms are available for viewing on the websites of (a) the AMF (www.amf-france.org) 
and (b) the Issuer (www.carrefour.com). 
[The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was issued 
under a Base Prospectus with an earlier date. 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the 
"[2023/2022/2021/2019/2018] Condition") set forth in the Base Prospectus dated [5 June 2023/25 May 2022/30 
June 2021/28 May 2019/ 25 May 2018] [which received [approval/visa] [n°23-201/22-182/21-263/19-230/18-202] 
from the Autorité des marches financiers (the "AMF") in France on 5 June 2023/25 May 2022/30 June 2021/ 28 
May 2019/ 25 May 2018]] (the "Original Base Prospectus"). 
This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of Article 8 of EU 
Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated 5 June 2024 which received 
approval no. 23-[•] from the Autorité des marchés financiers ("AMF") in France on 5 June 2024 [and the 
supplement[s] to the Base Prospectus dated [●] which received approval no. [●] from the AMF on [●]] which 
[together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus") for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation, 
save in respect of the [2023/2022/2021/2019/2018] Conditions which are extracted from the Original Base 
Prospectus and are attached hereto.] 
Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of these 
Final Terms, the [2023/2022/2021/2019/2018] Conditions and the Base Prospectus dated 5 June 2024 [and the 
supplement to the Base Prospectus dated [●] which received approval no. [●] from the AMF on [●]]. The Base 
Prospectus [, the supplement[s] to the Base Prospectus] and the Final Terms are available for viewing on the 
websites of (a) the AMF (www.amf-france.org) and (b) the Issuer (www.carrefour.com). 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable" (N/A). Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs or sub-paragraphs (in 
which case the sub-paragraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be deleted). Italics denote 
guidance for completing the Final Terms.]

--- Page 77 ---
1. 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[   ] 
(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[   ] 
(iii)  
Date on which the Notes become 
fungible: 
[Not Applicable/ The Notes shall be consolidated, 
form a single series and be interchangeable for 
trading purposes with the existing [insert issue 
amount] Notes due [insert maturity date] issued by 
the Issuer on [insert issue date]/the Issue Date] 
2. 
Specified Currency: 
[    ] 
3. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount of Notes 
admitted to trading: 
[    ] 
(i) 
Series: 
[    ] 
(ii) 
Tranche: 
[    ] 
4. 
Issue Price: 
[ ] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus 
accrued interest from [insert date] (if applicable)] 
5. 
Specified Denomination(s): 
[    ] (one denomination only for Dematerialised 
Notes) 
6. 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[    ] 
(ii)  
Interest Commencement Date: 
[    ] 
7. 
Maturity Date: 
[Specify date or (for Floating Rate Notes) Interest 
Payment Date falling in or nearest to the relevant 
month and year] 
8. 
Interest Basis: 
[[__] 
per 
cent. 
Fixed 
Rate] 
[[Specify reference rate] +/– [__] per cent. Floating 
Rate] 
[Zero 
Coupon] 
[as may be adjusted from time to time in accordance 
with Condition 5(d) and paragraph [16] below] 
(further particulars specified below) 
9. 
Change of Interest Basis: 
 
[Applicable (further particulars specified below) 
/Not Applicable] 
(for Fixed/Floating Rate Notes) 
 
10. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Call Option] 
[Redemption of Residual Outstanding Notes at the 
Option of the Issuer] 
[Residual Maturity Redemption at the Option of the 
Issuer] 
[Make-Whole 
Redemption 
by 
the 
Issuer] 
[Put Option]

--- Page 78 ---
[(further particulars specified below)] 
 
11. 
[(i)] 
Status of the Notes: 
 
[Unsubordinated/ Subordinated] Notes 
(ii)  
Date 
of 
the 
corporate 
authorisations for issuance of the 
Notes: 
[    ] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
12. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions (Condition 
5(a)) 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Rate[s] of Interest: 
[  ] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date [, subject as set out in 
Condition 5(d) and paragraph [16] below]. 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date[s]: 
[   ] in each year 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount[s]: 
[  ] per Specified Denomination[, subject to 
adjustment as a result of the application of 
Condition 5(d) and paragraph [16] below.] 
(iv) 
Broken Amount[s]: 
[  ] per Specified Denomination, payable on the 
Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] [  ][, subject to 
adjustment as a result of the application of 
Condition 5(d) and paragraph [16] below.] 
[Not Applicable] 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction (Condition 5(j)): 
[Actual/Actual] 
[Actual/Actual – ISDA] 
[Actual/365 (FBF)] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/Actual (FBF)] 
[Actual/360] 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
[30/360], [360/360] or [Bond Basis] 
[30E/360] or [Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360 (FBF)] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
[Actual/Actual-ICMA] 
[Not applicable] 
(vi) 
Determination Dates (Condition 5(j)): 
[  ] in each year (Insert regular interest payment 
dates, ignoring issue date or maturity date in the 
case of a long or short first or last coupon. N.B. only 
relevant where Day Count Fraction is Actual/Actual 
(ICMA))[Not Applicable]

--- Page 79 ---
13. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions (Condition 
5(c)) 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Interest Period[s]: 
[  ] 
(ii) 
Specified Interest Payment Dates: 
[[  ] in each year[, subject to adjustment in 
accordance with the Business Day Convention set 
out in (iv) below] / [not subject to any adjustment] 
(iii) 
First Interest Period Date: 
[   ] 
(iv) 
Business Day Convention (Condition 5(c)): [Floating 
Rate 
Business 
Day 
Convention/ 
Following Business Day Convention/ Modified 
Following Business Day Convention/ Preceding 
Business Day Convention] 
(v) 
Business Centre[s] (Condition 5(j)): 
[  ] (Note that this item relates to interest period end 
dates and not to the date and place of payments to 
which item 23 relates) 
(vi) 
Manner in which the Rate[s] of Interest 
is/are to be determined: 
[ISDA Determination/FBF Determination/Screen 
Rate Determination-IBOR/Linear Interpolation] 
 
(vii) 
Interest Period Dates: 
[Not Applicable/Specify dates] 
(viii) 
Party responsible for calculating the Rate[s] 
of Interest and Interest Amount[s] (if not the 
Calculation Agent): 
[   ] 
(ix) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(if not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
– 
Floating Rate Option: 
[    ] 
– 
Designated Maturity: 
[    ] 
– 
Reset Date: 
[    ] 
(x) 
FBF Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(if not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
– Floating Rate: 
[    ] 
– Floating Rate Determination Date (Date de 
Détermination du Taux Variable): 
[    ] 
(xi) 
Screen Rate Determination-IBOR: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(if not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
– Reference Rate: 
[    ]

--- Page 80 ---
– Relevant Financial Centre: 
[    ] 
– Interest Determination Date: 
[    ] 
– Relevant Screen Page: 
 
 
 
 
– Relevant Screen Page Time: 
 
 
 
– Relevant Inter-Bank Market: 
[    ] 
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters 
EURIBOR01 ensure it is a page which shows a 
composite rate) 
[11.00 a.m. [[(Brussels time) (in the case of 
EURIBOR)] [OTHER] 
[EURO-zone inter-bank market (in the case of 
EURIBOR)] [OTHER] 
(xii) 
Linear Interpolation 
[Not Applicable/Applicable – the Rate of Interest 
for the [long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall 
be calculated using Linear Interpolation (specify for 
each short or long interest period)] 
– Applicable Maturity: 
[    ] 
(xiii) 
Margin[s]: 
[+/-][ ] per cent. per annum  
(xiv) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[[Zero /[__] ] per cent. per annum] 
(xv) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[[  ] per cent. per annum / Not applicable] 
(xvi) 
Day Count Fraction (Condition 5(j)): 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
[Actual/Actual] 
[Actual/Actual – ISDA] 
[Actual/365 (FBF)] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/Actual (FBF)] 
[Actual/360] 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
[30/360], [360/360] or [Bond Basis] 
[30E/360] or [Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360 (FBF)] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
[Actual/Actual-ICMA] 
14. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes Provisions 
 
(Condition 5(c)) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)

--- Page 81 ---
(i)  
Change of Interest Basis: 
[Issuer Change of Interest Basis/Automatic Change 
of Interest Basis] 
(ii)  Switch Date: 
[     ] 
(iii)  Rate of Interest applicable to the Interest 
Periods preceding the Switch Date 
(excluded): 
Determined in accordance with [Condition 5(a), as 
though the Note was a Fixed Rate Note] / 
[Condition 5(b), as though the Note was a Floating 
Rate Note] with further variables set out in 
paragraph [12/13] of these Final Terms. 
(iv)  Rate of Interest applicable to the Interest 
Periods following the Switch Date 
(included): 
Determined in accordance with [Condition 5(a), as 
though the Note was a Fixed Rate Note] / 
[Condition 5(b), as though the Note was a Floating 
Rate Note] with further variables set out in 
paragraph [12/13] of these Final Terms. 
(v)  Notice Period: 
[     ] / [Not Applicable] 
(only applicable where “Change of Interest Basis” 
is specified as “Issuer Change of Interest Basis”) 
15. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions (Conditions 
5(e) and 6(b)) 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Amortisation Yield: 
[    ] per cent. per annum 
(ii) 
Day Count Fraction in relation to Early 
Redemption: 
[Actual/Actual] 
[Actual/Actual – ISDA] 
[Actual/365 (FBF)] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/Actual (FBF)] 
[Actual/360] 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
[30/360], [360/360] or [Bond Basis] 
[30E/360] or [Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360 (FBF)] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
[Actual/Actual-ICMA] 
16. 
Sustainability Interest Step Up Option 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) (Specify applicable 
for Sustainability-Linked Notes) 
(i)  
Key Performance Indicator(s): 
[GHG KPI [A and/or B] /Packaging KPI/Food 
Waste KPI]

--- Page 82 ---
(ii)  
Sustainability Performance Target(s): 
[__] in respect of [specify relevant Key Performance 
Indicator and the related Target Observation Date 
if more than one are included] 
[[__] in respect of [__]] 
(iii)  
External Verifier: 
[__] 
(iv)  
Baseline Date(s): 
[__] in respect of [specify relevant Key Performance 
Indicator if more than one are included] 
[[__] in respect of [__]] 
(v)  
Target Observation Date(s): 
[__] [and [__]] 
(vi)  
Step Up:  
[__] per cent. [per annum] with respect to the Target 
Observation Date falling on [●] 
(repeat as necessary for each Target Observation 
Date) 
(vii)  
Interest Step Up Payment Date(s): 
Interest Payment Date[s] falling on [__] [and on 
[__]] [the Maturity Date]  
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
17. 
Call Option (Condition 6(d)) 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date[s]: 
[    ] 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount[s] of each 
Note: 
[[    ] per Specified Denomination]/[Condition 6(b) 
applies] 
(iii) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
(a)  
Minimum Redemption Amount: 
[    ] per Specified Denomination 
(b)  
Maximum Redemption Amount: 
[    ] per Specified Denomination 
(iv) 
Notice period: 
[As per Conditions] /[not less than [●] days nor 
more than [●] days] 
18. 
Redemption of Residual Outstanding 
Notes at the Option of the Issuer 
(Condition 6(e)) 
Applicable/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Minimum Percentage: 
[    ] per cent. 
(ii) 
Notice period: 
[As per Conditions] /[not less than [●] days nor 
more than [●] days] 
19. 
Residual 
Maturity 
Call 
Option 
(Condition 6(f)) 
 
 
Applicable/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)

--- Page 83 ---
(i) 
Residual Maturity Redemption Date[s]: 
 
(ii)  
Notice period: 
 
 
20. 
Make-Whole Redemption by the Issuer 
(Condition 6(g)) 
 
 
(i)  
Reference Security: 
(ii)  
Reference Dealers: 
(iii)  
Redemption Margin: 
(iv)  
Make-Whole Calculation Agent:  
 
(v)     Method of determination of the Make- Whole 
Redemption Rate: 
(vi) 
Reference Screen Rate: 
 
21. 
Put Option (Condition 6(h)) 
[●] [at any time, no earlier than [●] months before 
the Maturity Date] 
[As per Conditions] /[not less than [●] days nor 
more than [●] days]] 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
[……] 
[    ] 
[    ] 
[    ]/[Not Applicable]/[As specified in the Make-
Whole Call Notice] 
 
[Reference Dealer Quotation]/[Reference Screen 
Rate] 
[specify]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date[s]: 
[    ] 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount[s] of each 
Note: 
[[    ] per Specified Denomination]/[Condition 6(b) 
applies] 
(iii) 
Notice period: 
[As per Conditions] /[not less than [●] days nor 
more than [●] days] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
22. 
Form of Notes: 
[Dematerialised 
Notes/Materialised 
Notes] 
(Materialised Notes are only in bearer form) 
[Delete as appropriate] 
(i)  
Form of Dematerialised Notes: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If applicable, specify 
whether bearer dematerialised form (au porteur) / 
registered dematerialised form (au nominatif 
administré) / fully registered dematerialised form 
(au nominatif pur)) 
(ii)  
Registration Agent: 
[Not Applicable/If Applicable, give name and 
details] (Note that a Registration Agent may be 
appointed in relation to Dematerialised Notes in 
fully registered form (au nominatif pur) only)

--- Page 84 ---
(iii)  
Temporary Global Certificate: 
[Not Applicable/Temporary Global Certificate 
exchangeable for Definitive Materialised Notes on 
[__] (the "Exchange Date"), being 40 calendar days 
after the Issue Date subject to postponement as 
provided in the Temporary Global Certificate] 
(iv)  
Applicable TEFRA exemption: 
[C Rules/D Rules/Not Applicable] (Only applicable 
to Materialised Notes) 
23. 
Financial Centre[s] (Condition 7(h)): 
[Not Applicable/give details] (Note that this item 
refers to the date and place of payment and not 
interest period end dates to which item 13(v) 
relates) 
24. 
Talons for future Coupons to be attached to 
Definitive Materialised Notes (and dates on 
which such Talons mature) (Condition 7(f)): 
[Yes/No/Not Applicable. If yes, give details] (Only 
applicable to the Materialised Notes) 
[The Materialised Notes provide that the relevant 
Coupons are to become void upon the due date for 
redemption of those Notes] 
[The Materialised Notes provide that upon the due 
date for redemption of any such Materialised Note, 
unmatured Coupons relating to such Note (whether 
or not attached) shall become void and no payment 
shall be made in respect of them.] 
25. 
Details relating to Instalment Notes 
(Condition 6(a)): 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
(i) Instalment Amount[s]: 
[    ] 
 
(ii) Instalment Date[s]: 
[    ] 
 
(iii) Minimum Instalment Amount: 
[    ] 
 
(iv) Maximum Instalment Amount: 
[    ] 
26. Representation of holder of Notes/Masse: 
Condition 11 applies. 
[Insert below details of Representative and alternate 
Representative and remuneration, if any: 
Name and address of the Representative: [●] 
Name and address of the alternate Representative: 
[●]] 
[The Representative will be entitled to a 
remuneration of [●] per year/The Representative 
will not be entitled to a remuneration] 
[If the Notes are held by a sole Noteholder, insert 
the wording below: 
As long as the Notes are held by a sole Noteholder, 
it shall exercise all rights and obligations assigned 
by law to the Representative and the general 
meeting of the Noteholders. A Representative will 
be appointed as soon as the Notes are held by several 
Noteholders.]

--- Page 85 ---
27. Possibility to request identification information 
of the Noteholders as provided by Condition 
1(a)(i): 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
[PURPOSE OF FINAL TERMS 
These Final Terms comprise the final terms required for the admission to trading on the [specify relevant regulated 
market] of the Notes described herein pursuant to the Euro 12,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
of Carrefour.] 
RESPONSIBILITY 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in these Final Terms. [(Relevant third party 
information) has been extracted from (specify source). The Issuer confirms that such information has been 
accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information published by (specify 
source), no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.] 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
By: 
............................................ 
Duly authorised

--- Page 86 ---
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
(i)  
Listing and Admission to trading3: [Application [has been made/is expected to be made] by the 
Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Notes issued to be listed and 
admitted to trading on [Euronext Paris] [other] with effect 
from [ ].] 
(ii)  
Estimate of total expenses related 
to admission to trading 
[__] 
 
 
2 
RATINGS 
Ratings4: 
[Not Applicable] 
[The Notes to be issued [are expected to be/have been] rated: 
[S & P: [    ]] 
[[Other]: [    ]] 
 
Insert one (or more) of the following options, as applicable: 
[[Insert credit rating agency/ies] [is/are] established in the 
EEA and registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as 
amended (the "EU CRA Regulation"). As such [Insert 
credit rating agency/ies] [is/are] included in the list of credit 
rating agencies published by the European Securities and 
Markets Authority on its website in accordance with the EU 
CRA Regulation. [[Insert legal name of particular credit 
rating agency entity providing rating] appears on the latest 
update of the list of registered credit rating agencies (as of 
[insert date of most recent list]) on the ESMA website 
[[https://www.esma.europa.eu/credit-rating-agencies/cra-
authorisation]]. 
 
[Insert credit rating agency/ies] [is/are] established in the 
UK and registered under Regulation (EC) No1060/2009 as it 
forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue 
of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK 
CRA Regulation").] /[[Insert credit rating agency/ies] has 
been certified under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 (as it 
forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue 
of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK 
CRA Regulation"))] 
 
[[Insert credit rating agency/ies] has not been certified under 
(EC) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of the 
United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA Regulation") and the 
 
3 
Where documenting a fungible issue need to indicate that original securities are already admitted to trading. 
4 
This disclosure should reflect the rating allocated to Notes of the type being issued under the Programme 
generally or, where the issue has been specifically rated, this rating.

--- Page 87 ---
rating it has given to the Notes is not endorsed by a credit 
rating agency established in the UK and registered under the 
UK CRA Regulation] 
[[Insert credit rating agency/ies] [is/are] not established in 
the European Union and [has/have] not applied for 
registration under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as 
amended (the "EU CRA Regulation").] 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating allocated to 
Notes of the type being issued under the Programme 
generally or, where the issue has been specifically rated, that 
rating.)] 
 
3 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE [ISSUE/OFFER] 
[Not Applicable] 
(Need to include a description of any interest, including a conflict of interests, that is material to the 
issue/offer, detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by the inclusion 
of the following statement:5) 
"Save as discussed in the section “General Information” of the Base Prospectus and for any fees payable 
to the Managers, so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the [issue/offer] of the Notes has an 
interest material to the [issue/offer]."] (Amend as appropriate if there are other interests) 
4 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER, [USE OF PROCEEDS,] AND ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS 
 
[(i)  
Reasons for the offer: 
[             ] 
(See ["Use of Proceeds"] wording in the Base Prospectus – 
if reasons for offer are different from the ["Use of Proceeds"] 
wording in Base Prospectus, will need to include those 
reasons here.)] 
 
[(ii)]  
Estimated net proceeds: 
[    ] 
 
(If proceeds are intended for more than one use will need to 
split out and present in order of priority. If proceeds 
insufficient to fund all proposed uses state amount and 
sources of other funding.) 
 
5 
[Fixed Rate Notes only – YIELD 
Indication of yield: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis of the Issue 
Price. It is not an indication of future yield. 
[If the Step Up of [•] per cent. (applying on the Interest Step Up 
Payment Dates) is applied, the yield in respect of the Notes, 
 
5 
When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters described 
constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to the Base Prospectus 
under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.

--- Page 88 ---
being calculated at the Issue Date on the basis of the Issue Price 
of the Notes, would be [•] per cent. per annum. It is not an 
indication of future yield.] 
6 
[Floating Rate Notes only - HISTORIC INTEREST RATES 
Details of performance of [    ] replicate other as specified in the Conditions] rates can be obtained [but 
not] free of charge from [Reuters/Bloomberg/give details of electronic means of obtaining the details of 
performance].] 
7 
[Notes Linked to a Benchmark only – BENCHMARK 
[[specify benchmark] ]is provided by [date]. As at [date],[name of administrator] [appears]/[does not 
appear] in the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by ESMA pursuant 
to Article 36 (Register of administrators and benchmarks) of the Benchmarks Regulation]/[As far as the 
Issuer is aware, as at the date hereof, [specify benchmark] does not fall within the scope of the Benchmarks 
Regulation]/ [As far as the Issuer is aware the transitional provisions in Article 51 of the Benchmarks 
Regulation apply, such that [name of administrator] is not currently required to obtain authorisation 
registration (or, if located outside the European Union, recognition, endorsement or equivalence)]/[Not 
Applicable]] 
8 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
(i) 
ISIN: 
[    ] [until the Exchange Date, [    ] thereafter] 
(ii) 
Common Code: 
[    ] [until the Exchange Date, [    ] thereafter] 
(iii) 
Depositaries: 
(a) Euroclear France to act as Central  
Depositary 
(b) Common Depositary for Euroclear 
and Clearstream Luxembourg 
(iv) 
Any clearing system[s] other than 
Euroclear France, Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and the 
relevant identification number[s]: 
 
[Yes/No] 
 
[Yes/No] 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s) [ and 
address(es)]] 
(v) 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
(vi) 
Names and addresses of initial 
Paying Agent[s] 
(vii) 
Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent[s] (if any): 
(viii) 
The aggregate principal amount of 
Notes issued has been translated 
into Euro at the rate of [currency] 
[    ] per Euro 1.00, producing a 
sum of: 
[    ] 
 
[    ] 
 
[Not Applicable/Euro [    ]] (Only applicable for Notes not 
denominated in Euro) 
 
9 
DISTRIBUTION 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
(ii)  
If syndicated, names of Managers: 
[syndicated/non-syndicated] 
[Not Applicable/give names]

--- Page 89 ---
(iii)  
Date of Subscription Agreement: 
[●] 
(iv)  
Stabilisation Manager[s] (if any): 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(v)  
If non-syndicated, name of Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(vi)  
Applicable TEFRA Category: 
[TEFRA 
C 
applies 
to 
the 
Materialised 
Notes/TEFRA D applies to the Materialised 
Notes/TEFRA not applicable to Dematerialised 
Notes]

--- Page 90 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
OVERVIEW OF DEALER AGREEMENT 
Subject to the terms and on the conditions contained in a dealer agreement dated 5 June 2024 (the "Dealer 
Agreement") between the Issuer and BNP Paribas as Arranger and Permanent Dealer, the Notes will be offered 
on a continuous basis by the Issuer to the Permanent Dealers. However, the Issuer has reserved the right to sell 
Notes directly on its own behalf to Dealers that are not Permanent Dealers. The Notes may be resold at prevailing 
market prices, or at prices related thereto, at the time of such resale, as determined by the relevant Dealer. The 
Notes may also be sold by the Issuer through the Dealers, acting as agents of the Issuer. The Dealer Agreement 
also provides for Notes to be issued in syndicated Tranches that are jointly and severally underwritten by two or 
more Dealers. 
The Issuer will pay each relevant Dealer a commission as agreed between them in respect of Notes subscribed by 
it. 
The Issuer has agreed to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities in connection with the offer and sale of 
the Notes. The Dealer Agreement entitles the Dealers to terminate any agreement that they make to subscribe 
Notes in certain circumstances prior to payment for such Notes being made to the Issuer. 
 
SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
United States 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and may not be offered or sold within 
the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain transactions exempt from 
the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them 
by Regulation S under the Securities Act ("Regulation S"). 
Notes in bearer form having a maturity of more than one year are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may 
not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in 
certain transactions permitted by U.S. tax regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to 
them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and regulations thereunder. 
Materialised Notes will be issued in compliance with U.S. Treas. Reg. §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) or any successor 
regulation issued under the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 as amended (the "Code") section 4701(b) that 
contains rules identical to the rules that currently apply under Code section 163(f)(2)(B) (the "D Rules") unless (i) 
the relevant Final Terms states that such Materialised Notes are issued in compliance with U.S. Treas. Reg. §1.163-
5(c)(2)(i)(C) or any successor regulation issued under Code section 4701(b) that contains rules identical to the 
rules that currently apply under Code section 163(f)(2)(B) (the "C Rules") or (ii) such Materialised Notes are 
issued other than in compliance with the D Rules or the C Rules but in circumstances in which the Notes will not 
constitute "registration required obligations" under the United States Tax Equity and Fiscal Responsibility Act of 
1982 ("TEFRA"), which circumstances will be referred to in the relevant Final Terms as a transaction to which 
TEFRA is not applicable. TEFRA will not apply to Dematerialised Notes. 
Each Dealer has agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree that, 
except as permitted by the Dealer Agreement, it will not offer, sell or, in the case of Materialised Notes, deliver 
the Notes of any identifiable Tranche, (i) as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 calendar 
days after the completion of the distribution of any identifiable Tranche, within the United States or to, or for the 
account or benefit of, U.S. persons, and it will have sent to each dealer to which it sells Notes during the distribution 
compliance period a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes 
within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Terms used in the preceding sentence 
have the meanings given to them by Regulation S. 
In addition, until calendar 40 days after the commencement of the offering of any identifiable tranche of Notes, an 
offer or sale of Notes within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering of such 
tranche of Notes) may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared by the Issuer for use in connection with the offer and sale of the Notes 
outside the United States. The Issuer and the Dealers reserve the right to reject any offer to purchase the Notes, in 
whole or in part, for any reason. This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to any person in the United 
States. Distribution of this Base Prospectus by any non-U.S. person outside the United States to any U.S. person

--- Page 91 ---
or to any other person within the United States, is unauthorised and any disclosure without the prior written consent 
of the Issuer of any of its contents to any such U.S. person or other person within the United States, is prohibited. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors for the purposes of the EU Prospectus Regulation and EU 
PRIIPs regulation 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise 
make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed 
by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the European Economic Area. 
For the purposes of this provision: 
1) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
a. 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended "EU 
MiFID II"); or 
b. 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97/EU on insurance distribution (as 
amended or superseded), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as 
defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II; and 
2) 
the expression "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to 
purchase or subscribe the Notes. 
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise 
make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed 
by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the United Kingdom. 
For the purposes of this provision: 
1) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
a. 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); or 
b. 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made 
under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify 
as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 
as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
2) 
the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide 
to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
Other UK regulatory restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree, that: 
(i) 
in relation to any Notes having a maturity of less than one year, (a) it is a person whose ordinary activities 
involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the 
purposes of its business and (b) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes other than 
to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it is reasonable to expect 
will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their 
businesses where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of section 19 of the 
Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (the "FSMA") by the Issuer; 
(ii) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated any invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of 
section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in circumstances 
in which section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and

--- Page 92 ---
(iii) 
it has complied with and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything 
done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom. 
France 
Each of the Dealers has represented and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree that: 
(i) 
it has only offered or sold and will only offer or sell, directly or indirectly, Notes in France to qualified 
investors (investisseurs qualifiés) as referred to in Article L.411-2 1° of the French Code monétaire et 
financier and defined in Article 2(e) of the EU Prospectus Regulation and it has only distributed or caused 
to be distributed and will only distribute or cause to be distributed in France to such qualified investors 
the Base Prospectus, the relevant Final Terms or any other offering material relating to the Notes; and 
(ii) 
Materialised Notes may only be issued outside of France. 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan 
(Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended, the "FIEA") and, accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed that it 
has not, directly or indirectly, offered or sold and will not, directly or indirectly, offer or sell any Notes in Japan 
or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan or to others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan 
or to any resident of Japan, except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise 
in compliance with, the FIEA and other relevant laws and regulations of Japan. As used in this paragraph, "resident 
of Japan" means any person resident in Japan, including any corporation or other entity organised under the laws 
of Japan. 
Singapore  
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
acknowledge, that this Base Prospectus has not been, and will not be, registered as a prospectus with the Monetary 
Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not offered or sold any 
Notes or caused the Notes to be made the subject of any invitation for subscription or purchase and will not offer 
or sell any Notes or cause the Notes to be made the subject of any invitation for subscription or purchase, and has 
not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute this Base Prospectus and any other document or 
material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of the Notes, whether 
directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 
4A of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore, as modified or amended from time to time (the "SFA")) 
pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA or (ii) to an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA) pursuant 
to and in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA. 
General 
These selling restrictions may be modified by the agreement of the Issuer and the relevant Dealers following a 
change in a relevant law, regulation or directive. Any such modification will be set out in a supplement to this 
Base Prospectus. 
No action has been taken in any jurisdiction that would permit a public offering of any of the Notes, or possession 
or distribution of the Base Prospectus or any other offering material or any Final Terms, in any country or 
jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. 
Each Dealer has agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and 
agree, that it will, to the best of its knowledge, comply with all relevant laws, regulations and directives in each 
jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or has in its possession or distributes the Base 
Prospectus, any other offering material or any Final Terms and neither the Issuer nor any other Dealer shall have 
responsibility therefor.

--- Page 93 ---
GENERAL INFORMATION 
1. 
This Base Prospectus received the approval no. 24-194 on 5 June 2024 from the AMF. The AMF only 
approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and 
consistency imposed by the EU Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an 
endorsement of either the Issuer or the quality of the Notes that are the subject of this Base Prospectus 
and investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. 
The Base Prospectus shall be valid for admission to trading of Notes on a Regulated Market for twelve 
(12) months after the approval by the AMF, until 5 June 2025, provided that it is completed by one or 
more supplements, pursuant to Article 23 of the EU Prospectus Regulation, following the occurrence of 
a significant new factor, a material mistake or a material inaccuracy relating to the information included 
(including information incorporated by reference) in this Base Prospectus which may affect the 
assessment of the Notes. After such date, the Base Prospectus will expire and the obligation to supplement 
this Base Prospectus in the event of significant new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies 
will no longer apply. 
Notes may also be issued pursuant to the Programme which will not be listed and admitted to trading on 
Euronext Paris or any other stock exchange or which will be listed or admitted to trading on such 
Regulated Market as the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) may agree. 
2. 
The Issuer has obtained all necessary consents, approvals and authorisations in the Republic of France in 
connection with the update of the Programme. 
3. 
For this purpose, on 2 December 2009 the Board of Directors (Conseil d'administration) of the Issuer has 
authorised the Programme for a maximum aggregate amount of Notes outstanding at any one time of 
€12,000,000,000 and on 20 February 2024, the Board of Directors (Conseil d'administration) has 
authorised, for a duration of one year from 20 February 2024, the issue of Notes up to an aggregate 
nominal amount of €3,000,000,000.  
4. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, to the extent known by the Issuer, no conflict of interest is identified 
between the duties of the members of the Board of Directors (Conseil d'administration) and the Chief 
Executive Officer with respect of the Issuer and their private interest and other duties. 
5. 
Except as disclosed in this Base Prospectus, there has been no significant change in the financial position 
or financial performance of the Issuer or the Group since 31 March 2024, and no material adverse change 
in the prospects of the Issuer since 31 December 2023. 
6. 
Except as disclosed in this Base Prospectus, neither the Issuer nor any of its Principal Subsidiaries is or 
has been involved in any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings 
which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware) during the last 12 months preceding the 
date of this Base Prospectus which may have, or have had in the recent past, significant effects on the 
Issuer and/or the Group's financial position or profitability. 
7. 
There are no material contracts that are not entered into the ordinary course of the Issuer's business which 
could result in any member of the Group being under an obligation or entitlement that is material to the 
Issuer's ability to meet its obligation to Noteholders in respect of the Notes being issued. 
8. 
Application may be made for the Notes to be accepted for clearance through Euroclear France and/or 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. The Common Code and the International Securities 
Identification Number (ISIN) or the identification number for any other relevant clearing system for each 
Series of Notes will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
The address of Euroclear France is 10-12, place de la Bourse, 75002 Paris, France, the address of 
Euroclear is 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels, Belgium and the address of Clearstream, 
Luxembourg is 42 Avenue JF Kennedy L-1855 Luxembourg, Grand-Duchy of Luxembourg. 
Dematerialised Notes will be inscribed in the books of Euroclear France (acting as central depositary). 
Dematerialised Notes which are in registered form (au nominatif) are also inscribed either with the Issuer 
or with the registration agent.

--- Page 94 ---
If the Notes are to be accepted for clearance through an additional or alternative clearing system, the 
appropriate information will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) of the Issuer is: 549300B8P6MUJ1YWTS08. 
9. 
Deloitte & Associés and Mazars have audited the Issuer's accounts for the year ended 31 December 2023 
and the Issuer's accounts for the year ended 31 December 2022, in accordance with generally accepted 
accounting principles in France. Deloitte & Associés and Mazars are members of the Compagnie 
Régionale des Commissaires aux Comptes de Versailles and carry out their duties in accordance with the 
principles of the Compagnie Nationale des Commissaires aux Comptes (the "CNCC"). 
10. 
The following documents can be inspected on the website of the Issuer (www.carrefour.com): 
(i) 
the up-to-date statuts of the Issuer; 
(ii) 
the Final Terms for Notes that are listed and admitted to trading on the Regulated Market of 
Euronext Paris and/or any other Regulated Market; and 
(iii) 
a copy of this Base Prospectus (including any documents incorporated by reference and any 
Supplements to this Base Prospectus), 
and the Agency Agreement (which includes the form of the Lettre Comptable, the form of the Temporary 
Global Certificate and the forms of the Definitive Materialised Notes and the Coupons, Receipts and 
Talons in relation thereto) will be available for inspection at the specified offices of the Fiscal Agent or 
each of the Paying Agents during normal business hours, so long as Notes may be issued pursuant to, or 
are outstanding under, this Base Prospectus. 
11. 
The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis of the Issue Price and the rate of interest applicable 
to the Notes (including, as the case may be, any Interest Step-up). It is not an indication of future yield. 
The yield of the relevant Notes, if applicable, will be stated in the Final Terms of the Notes. 
12. 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the stabilisation 
manager(s) (the "Stabilisation Manager(s)") (or any person acting for the Stabilisation Manager(s)) in 
the relevant Final Terms may over-allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market 
price of the relevant Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However, 
stabilisation may not necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which 
adequate public disclosure of the final terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is made and, if 
begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of 
the relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche of Notes. 
Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant Stabilisation Manager(s) (or 
person(s) acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws and 
rules. 
13. 
Amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to one or more "benchmarks" for the 
purposes of the Benchmarks Regulation. In this case, a statement will be included in the applicable Final 
Terms as to whether or not the relevant administrator of the "benchmark" is included in ESMA's register 
of administrators under Article 36 of the Benchmarks Regulation. 
14. 
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified or the context otherwise requires, references to "€", 
"Euro" or "euro" are to the single currency of the participating member states of the European Union 
which was introduced on 1 January 1999, references to "£", "pounds sterling" and "Sterling" are to the 
lawful currency of the United Kingdom references to "¥", "Yen", "yen" and "Japanese Yen" are to the 
lawful currency of Japan, references to the "U.S." and the "United States" are to the United States of 
America and references to "U.S.$" and "U.S. Dollars" are to the lawful currency of the United States of 
America. 
15. 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment 
banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services for, the Issuer and its 
affiliates in the ordinary course of business. In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, 
the Dealers and their affiliates may make or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and 
equity securities (or related derivative securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for 
their own account and for the accounts of their customers. Such investments and securities activities may

--- Page 95 ---
involve securities and/or instruments of the Issuer or its affiliates. Where there is a lending relationship 
between the Issuer and one or several Dealers, it cannot be excluded that all or part of the proceeds of an 
issue of Notes be used to repay or reimburse all or part of such loans. Certain of the Dealers or their 
affiliates that have a lending relationship with the Issuer routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer 
consistent with their customary risk management policies. Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates 
would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit 
default swaps or the creation of short positions in securities, including potentially the Notes issued under 
the Programme. The Dealers and their affiliates may also make investment recommendations and/or 
publish or express independent research views in respect of such securities or financial instruments and 
may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and 
instruments. For the purpose of this paragraph, the term "affiliate" also includes parent companies. 
Potential conflicts of interest may arise between the Calculation Agent or the Make-Whole Calculation 
Agent, if any, for a Tranche of Notes and the Noteholders, including with respect to certain discretionary 
determinations and judgments that such Calculation Agent or Make-Whole Calculation Agent may make 
pursuant to the Terms and Conditions that may influence the amount receivable upon redemption of the 
Notes. 
16. 
Any websites included in this Base Prospectus are for information purposes only and the information in 
such websites does not form any part of this Base Prospectus unless that information is incorporated by 
reference into the Base Prospectus.

--- Page 96 ---
PERSONS RESPONSIBLE FOR THE INFORMATION GIVEN IN THE BASE PROSPECTUS 
To the best knowledge of the Issuer, the information contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the 
facts and makes no omission likely to affect its import. 
Carrefour 
93, Avenue de Paris 
91300 Massy – Cedex France 
Duly represented by: 
Matthieu Malige (Directeur Exécutif Finances et Gestion Groupe) 
Dated 5 June 2024 
 
 
Autorité des marchés financiers 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the AMF in its capacity as competent authority under Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129. The AMF has approved this Base Prospectus after having verified that the information it 
contains is complete, coherent and comprehensible in accordance with Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
This approval should not be considered as a favourable opinion on the Issuer and on the quality of the Notes 
described in this Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment of the opportunity to invest in 
such Notes. 
The Base Prospectus has been approved on 5 June 2024 and is valid until 5 June 2025 and shall during this 
period, in accordance with Article 23 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, be completed by a supplement to the Base 
Prospectus in the event of new material facts or substantial errors or inaccuracies. The Base Prospectus has been 
given the following approval number: 24-194.

--- Page 97 ---
Registered Office of the Issuer 
 
Carrefour 
93, Avenue de Paris 
91300 Massy – Cedex France 
 
Arranger and Dealer 
BNP Paribas 
16, boulevard des Italiens 
75009 Paris 
France 
 
Fiscal Agent, Principal Paying Agent and  
Calculation Agent 
BNP Paribas  
(acting through its Securities Services business) 
Les Grands Moulins de Pantin 
9, rue du Débarcadère 
93500 Pantin 
France 
 
Statutory Auditors 
Deloitte & Associés 
6, place de la Pyramide 
92908 Paris La Défense Cedex 
France 
Mazars 
61, rue Henri Regnault 
92400 Courbevoie 
France 
 
 
Legal Advisers 
To the Issuer 
in respect of French law 
To the Dealers 
in respect of French law 
Clifford Chance Europe LLP 
1 rue d'Astorg 
CS 60058 
75377 Paris Cedex 08 
France 
Allen Overy Shearman Sterling LLP 
32 rue François 1er 
75008 Paris 
France