--- Page 1 ---
BASE PROSPECTUS  
DATED 5 OCTOBER 2021 
Cars Alliance UK Master Plc 
(a public limited company incorporated under the laws of England and Wales with registered number 
13384308) 
Legal entity identifier (LEI): 213800LZLB6DYOC9O996 
Securitisation Transaction Unique Identifier: 213800CRVG6PXY31L182N202101 
Notes
Initial 
Note 
Principal 
Amount 
Issue 
Price
Note 
Interest 
Rate
Payment Date
Legal 
Final 
Maturity Date
Ratings 
at 
issue 
(Fitch/S&P)
Series 
of Class 
A Notes1
The amount 
specified as 
such in the 
respective 
Final Terms 
The 
amount 
specified 
as such in 
the 
respective 
Final 
Terms 
The 
fixed 
interest 
amount 
specified 
as such in 
the 
respective 
Final 
Terms 
(being 
equal to or 
below the 
Maximum 
Note 
Interest 
Rate) 
20th 
day 
of 
each month 
For 
each 
Series 
of 
Notes, 
the 
date specified 
as such in the 
respective 
Final Terms 
AAAsf/AAA(sf) 
Series 
of Class 
B Notes 
The amount 
specified as 
such in the 
respective 
Final Terms  
The 
amount 
specified 
as such in 
the 
respective 
Final 
Terms 
The 
fixed 
interest 
amount 
specified 
as such in 
the 
respective 
Final 
Terms 
(being 
equal to or 
below the 
Maximum 
Note 
Interest 
Rate) 
20th 
day 
of 
each month 
For 
each 
Series 
of 
Notes, 
the 
date specified 
as such in the 
respective 
Final Terms 
Unrated 
For reference to the definitions of capitalised terms appearing in this Base Prospectus, see "GLOSSARY OF 
TERMS". 
Programme 
Establishment
Under this GBP 1,600,000,000 programme for the issuance of asset backed notes (the 
"Programme"), Cars Alliance UK Master Plc (the "Issuer") may issue asset backed fixed 
rate Class A Notes and asset backed fixed rate Class B Notes (together, the "Notes") 
denominated in GBP, subject always to compliance with all legal and/or regulatory 
requirements. The applicable terms to any Notes will be agreed between the Issuer and 
1
The Issuer only expects to issue one Series of Notes under this Programme

--- Page 2 ---
- ii - 
the relevant purchaser prior to the issue of the Notes and will be set out in the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes attached to, or incorporated by reference into, the relevant global 
note (each a "Global Note") or definitive note (each a “Definitive Note”), as applicable, 
representing such Notes, as completed by the applicable Final Terms (as defined below) 
attached to, or incorporated by reference into, such Global Note or Definitive Note (as 
applicable). 
Issuance 
in 
Series
The Issuer will issue the relevant Class of Notes in series. A series will (a) be issued on a 
single date and (b) be subject to the same Conditions (a "Series").  
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer contemplates that only one Series of 
Notes, Series 2021-1, will be issued under the Programme. The initial issuance of a Series 
(the "Initial Notes") comprising Series 2021-1 is expected to take place on the 7 October 
2021 (the "Initial Issue Date"). The Series 2021-1 Class B Notes are not offered under 
this Base Prospectus. 
During the Revolving Period, the Issuer may issue further Notes of a Class and a Series 
on any Further Issue Date under the Programme to be consolidated with and form a single 
series with the existing Class and Series (the "Further Notes"). 
Final Terms
For each issue of Notes (comprising the Initial Notes and any Further Notes), final terms 
to this Base Prospectus (each such final terms referred to as "Final Terms") will be 
provided as a separate document. The Final Terms must be read in conjunction with this 
Base Prospectus. 
Proceeds 
of 
issuance
The proceeds of the Initial Notes issued on the Initial Issue Date and any Further Notes 
issued on any Further Issue Dates will be used to finance the purchase of Receivables 
arising against individual residents in England, Wales, Scotland or Northern Ireland or 
corporate entities registered in England, Wales, Scotland or Northern Ireland (the 
"Obligors") under the Finance Agreements pursuant to which RCI Financial Services Ltd 
(the "Seller") has granted fixed term financing to Obligors for the purpose of financing the 
purchase of a Vehicle, pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Master Receivables 
Transfer Agreement. 
Underlying 
Assets
The Receivables purchased by the Issuer from the Seller on the Initial Issue Date and the 
additional Receivables purchased from the Seller on each Transfer Date falling after the 
Initial Issue Date during the Revolving Period consist of Sterling-denominated monetary 
obligations of the Obligors arising from Finance Agreements after the relevant Cut-Off 
Date. 
The Issuer will also purchase the Vehicle Sale Proceeds Receivables related to such 
Receivables which will consist of, in relation to any Redelivered Vehicle and any 
Repossessed Vehicle, the right of the Seller to receive the Vehicle Sale Proceeds arising 
from the sale of such related Redelivered Vehicle or Repossessed Vehicle to a third party. 
Although the Obligor is the registered keeper of the Vehicle, the Seller retains title to the 
Vehicles. The Finance Agreements contain provisions entitling, but not obliging, the 
Obligor to purchase the Vehicle at the end of the hire period, normally on payment of a 
specified purchase fee. 
Revolving 
Period
In accordance with the Master Receivables Transfer Agreement and subject to the 
satisfaction of certain conditions precedent, the Issuer shall purchase from the Seller 
additional Eligible Receivables (the "Additional Transferred Receivables", together with 
the Transferred Receivables purchased by the Issuer on the Initial Issue Date (the "First 
Transferred Receivables"), the "Transferred Receivables") on each Transfer Date from 
the Initial Issue Date until the earlier of (i) the Payment Date falling in September 2025 
(included) (the "Revolving Period Scheduled End Date") and (ii) the date on which a 
Revolving Period Early Termination Event occurs (such date being the "Revolving Period

--- Page 3 ---
- iii - 
Termination Date"), such period between the Initial Issue Date and the Revolving Period 
Termination Date being the "Revolving Period". The Transferred Receivables will be the 
principal source of payments of principal and interest on the Notes. On the Revolving 
Period Termination Date, the Revolving Period shall terminate and the Pre-Enforcement 
Amortisation Period shall start. 
Credit 
Enhancement
In summary (see "CREDIT STRUCTURE AND CASHFLOWS" for further details): 

subordination of more junior ranking Classes of Notes;  

the amounts credited on the General Reserve Account which shall be funded up 
to the General Reserve Required Level; and 

the excess spread (if any). 
Subordinated 
Loan
On the Initial Issue Date, RCI Financial Services Ltd (as the "Subordinated Lender") will 
grant the Subordinated Loan in a total initial nominal amount of GBP 10,417,000.00 to the 
Issuer in order to fund the General Reserve Account up to the General Reserve Required 
Level. Subject to the terms of the Subordinated Loan Agreement, the Subordinated Lender 
may agree from time to time to grant additional advances up to a total amount of the 
Subordinated Loan of GBP 16,000,000.00 provided that the Subordinated Lender shall be 
required to grant additional advances to the extent required to increase the loan amount 
to the General Reserve Increase Amount.  
The Subordinated Loan ranks below the Notes with respect to payment of interest and 
principal. 
Liquidity 
Support
Liquidity support for the Class A Notes is provided by the subordination of payments of 
interest on the Class B Notes and the General Reserve Account (including the cash deposit 
and any monies transferred from the General Collection Account in accordance with the 
Priority of Payments to the General Reserve Account, up to the General Reserve Required 
Level). 
Liquidity support for the Class B Notes is provided by (only during the Post-Enforcement 
Amortisation Period and subject to the Post-Enforcement Period Priority of Payments) the 
General Reserve Account. 
For further explanation, please see "CREDIT STRUCTURE AND CASHFLOW". 
Redemption 
Provisions
The Notes will be subject to (i) partial early redemption following the occurrence of a Partial 
Early Amortisation Event during the Revolving Period and (ii) mandatory sequential 
redemption in whole or in part from time to time on each Payment Date during the Pre-
Enforcement Amortisation Period. 
Credit Rating 
Agencies
Ratings will be assigned to the Class A Notes by Fitch Ratings Limited ("Fitch") and S&P 
Global Ratings UK Limited ("S&P") on or before the Initial Issue Date. 
UK regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such 
rating is not issued by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under 
the EU CRA Regulation, as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA and 
amended by the Credit Rating Agencies (amendment etc.) (EU Exit) Regulation 2019 (the 
"UK CRA Regulation"). In the case of ratings issued by third country non-UK credit rating 
agencies, third country credit ratings can either be: (a) endorsed by a UK registered credit 
rating agency, or (b) issued by a third country credit rating agency that is certified in 
accordance with the UK CRA Regulation.  
Each of Fitch and S&P is a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under 
the UK CRA Regulation.

--- Page 4 ---
- iv - 
The FCA is obliged to maintain on its website, http://www.fca.org.uk/, a list of credit rating 
agencies registered and certified in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. This list must 
be updated within five working days of FCA's adoption of any decision to withdraw the 
registration of a credit rating agency under the UK CRA Regulation. Therefore, such list is 
not conclusive evidence of the status of the relevant rating agency as there may be delays 
between certain supervisory measures being taken against a relevant rating agency and 
the publication of the updated FCA list. Such website and its contents do not form part of 
this Base Prospectus. 
Each of Fitch and S&P are included on the list of registered and certified credit rating 
agencies that is maintained by the FCA. 
European regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if 
such rating is not issued by a credit rating agency established in the European Union 
("EU") and registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 of the European Parliament 
(the "EU CRA Regulation") unless the rating is provided by a credit rating agency 
operating in the European Union before 7 June 2010 which has submitted an application 
for registration in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation and such registration is not 
refused.  
The rating Fitch will assign to the Notes will be endorsed by Fitch Ratings Ireland Ltd, 
which is established in the EU and registered under the EU CRA Regulation. 
The rating S&P will assign to the Notes will be endorsed by S&P Global Ratings Europe 
Limited, which is established in the EU and registered under the EU CRA Regulation. 
Each of Fitch Ratings Ireland Ltd and S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited is included in 
the list of credit rating agencies published by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority ("ESMA") on its website (at https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-
rating-agencies/risk) in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation. Such website and its 
contents do not form part of this Base Prospectus. 
Credit Ratings
It is expected that the Class A Notes will, when issued, be assigned a rating of AAAsf by 
Fitch and a rating of AAA(sf) by S&P. The ratings assigned to the Notes by Fitch and S&P 
are based on the Transferred Receivables and the structural features of the transaction 
and address, among other matters: 

the likelihood of full and timely payments of interest due to the holders of the Class 
A Notes of interest on each Payment Date; and 

the likelihood of ultimate payment of principal to the holders of the Class A Notes 
on or prior to the Legal Final Maturity Date. 
However, the ratings assigned to the Class A Notes do not represent any assessment of 
the likelihood or level of principal prepayments. The ratings do not address the possibility 
that the Noteholders might suffer a lower than expected yield due to prepayments or early 
amortisation or may fail to recoup their initial investments.  
The ratings assigned to the Class A Notes should be evaluated independently against 
similar ratings of other types of securities. A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or 
hold securities and may be subject to revision or withdrawal by the Rating Agencies at any 
time. 
The Issuer has not requested a rating of the Class A Notes by any rating agency other 
than the Rating Agencies. There can be no assurance as to whether any other rating 
agency will rate the Class A Notes or, if it does, what ratings would be assigned by such

--- Page 5 ---
- v - 
other rating agency. The ratings assigned to the Class A Notes by such other rating agency 
could be lower than the respective ratings assigned by the Rating Agencies. 
The assignment of ratings to the Class A Notes is not a recommendation to invest 
in the Notes. Any credit rating assigned to the Class A Notes may be revised or 
withdrawn at any time.
Listing
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Central Bank of Ireland (the "Central 
Bank"), as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "Prospectus 
Regulation").  Such approval relates only to the Class A Notes which are admitted to 
trading on a regulated market of Euronext Dublin or other regulated markets for the 
purpose of Directive 2014/65/EC or which are to be offered to the public in any Member 
State of the EEA. The Central Bank only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the 
standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus 
Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or 
the quality of the Notes that are the subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors should make 
their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes.  The Class B Notes will 
not be listed. 
This Base Prospectus may not be used to offer any Notes more than 12 months after the 
date of this Base Prospectus. Application will be made to have any Notes issued under the 
Programme during the first 12 months after the date of this Base Prospectus admitted to 
listing on the official list (the "Official List") of the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as 
Euronext Dublin ("Euronext Dublin") and to trading on the regulated market of Euronext 
Dublin (the "Regulated Market"). Such approval relates only to the Notes which are 
admitted to trading on a regulated market of Euronext Dublin or other regulated markets 
for the purpose of Directive 2014/65/EC or which are to be offered to the public in any 
Member State of the EEA. 
This Base Prospectus is valid until 5 October 2022. The obligation to supplement the Base 
Prospectus in the event of significant new factors, material mistakes or material 
inaccuracies does not apply when the Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
Obligations
The Notes offered pursuant to this Base Prospectus will be obligations of the Issuer alone 
and will not be guaranteed by, or be the responsibility of, any other entity. In particular, the 
Notes will not be obligations of, or guaranteed by, or be the responsibility of the Seller, its 
affiliates or any other party to the Transaction Documents other than the Issuer. 
UK 
and 
EU 
Retention 
Undertaking
The Seller is the originator for the purposes of Article 2(3) of the UK Securitisation 
Regulation and Article 2(3) of the EU Securitisation Regulation. The Seller is legally bound 
to comply with the provisions of the UK Securitisation Regulation and contractually agrees 
to comply with the provisions of the EU Securitisation Regulation. The Seller will retain, for 
the life of the transaction, a material net economic interest of at least 5% in the 
securitisation, as required by Article 6 of the UK Securitisation Regulation and Article 6 of 
the EU Securitisation Regulation. As of the Initial Issue Date, such interest will, in 
accordance with Article 6(3)(d) of the UK Securitisation Regulation and Article 6(3)(d) of 
the EU Securitisation Regulation, be retained through the holding of the Class B Notes and 
the Subordinated Loan. Any change to the manner in which such interest is held will be 
notified to investors. 
See the section entitled "RISK RETENTION AND SECURITISATION REGULATIONS 
REPORTING" for more information. 
Simple, 
Transparent 
and 
Standardised 
As at the Initial Issue Date, no notification will be submitted to the UK Financial Conduct 
Authority (the "FCA"), in accordance with Article 27 of the UK Securitisation Regulation, 
confirming that the requirements of Articles 18 to 22 of the UK Securitisation Regulation 
have been satisfied with respect to the Notes (such notification, a "UK STS Notification"), 
and no notification will be submitted to ESMA, in accordance with Article 27 of the EU

--- Page 6 ---
- vi - 
(STS) 
Securitisation
Securitisation Regulation, confirming that the requirements of Articles 18 to 22 of the EU 
Securitisation Regulation have been satisfied with respect to the Notes (such notification, 
an "EU STS Notification"). 
U.S. 
Risk 
Retention 
Rules
The issuance of the Notes was not designed to comply with the U.S. Risk Retention Rules 
other than the exemption under Section _.20 of the U.S. Risk Retention Rules and no other 
steps have been taken by the Issuer, the Seller, the Arranger or any of their Affiliates or 
any other party to accomplish such compliance. 
See the section entitled "Risk Factors – U.S. Risk Retention". 
Bank 
of 
England 
Eligibility 
Certain investors in the Class A Notes may wish to consider the use of the Class A Notes 
as eligible securities for the purposes of the Bank of England's Discount Window Facility 
("DWF"), the Indexed Long-Term Repo ("ILTR") scheme or other liquidity schemes offered 
by the Bank of England from time to time. Recognition of the Class A Notes as eligible 
securities for the purposes of the DWF or the ILTR will depend upon satisfaction of the 
eligibility criteria as specified by the Bank of England. Please see the section entitled "Risk 
Factors – Bank of England Eligibility". The Class B Notes will not currently qualify for Bank 
of England eligibility. 
Volcker Rule 
The Issuer is of the view that it is not a "covered fund" under the regulations adopted to 
implement section 619 of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection 
Act (the "Dodd-Frank Act"), commonly known as the "Volcker Rule". Although other 
exclusions may be available to the Issuer, this conclusion is based on the exemption from 
the definition of "investment company" provided by Section 3(c)(5) of the U.S. Investment 
Company Act of 1940, as amended (the "Investment Company Act"). Any prospective 
investors, including U.S. or foreign banks or subsidiaries or other affiliates thereof, should 
consult their own legal advisers regarding such matters and other effects of the Volcker 
Rule. 
Significant 
Investor
It is expected that, in respect of Series 2021-1 to be issued on the Initial Issue Date, being 
the only Series to be issued under the Programme: 
(a) 
RCI Bank UK will acquire the Series 2021-1 Class A Notes; and 
(b) 
RCI Financial Services Ltd will acquire 100% of the Series 2021-1 Class B Notes. 
Please refer to the section entitled "SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE" for further details.  
The Notes have not been approved or disapproved by the United States Securities and Exchange 
Commission (the "SEC"), any state securities commission in the United States or any other United States 
regulatory authority, nor have any of the foregoing authorities passed upon the accuracy or adequacy of this 
Base Prospectus. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offence. 
THE "RISK FACTORS" SECTION OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS CONTAINS DETAILS OF CERTAIN 
RISKS AND OTHER FACTORS THAT SHOULD BE GIVEN PARTICULAR CONSIDERATION BEFORE 
INVESTING IN THE NOTES. PROSPECTIVE INVESTORS SHOULD BE AWARE OF THE ISSUES 
SUMMARISED WITHIN THAT SECTION. 
Arranger 
HSBC 
The date of this Base Prospectus is 5 October 2021.

--- Page 7 ---
- vii - 
IMPORTANT NOTICE 
This Base Prospectus constitutes a Base Prospectus for the purpose of the Prospectus 
Regulation. This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Central Bank, as competent 
authority under the Prospectus Regulation. The Central Bank only approves this Base 
Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency 
imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an 
endorsement of the Issuer or of the quality of the Notes that are the subject of this Base 
Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the 
Notes. Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for the Class A Notes to be admitted to 
the Official List and trading on its regulated market. Such approval relates only to the Notes 
which are admitted to trading on a regulated market of Euronext Dublin or other regulated 
markets for the purpose of Directive 2014/65/EC or which are to be offered to the public in any 
Member State of the European Economic Area ("EEA"). The Issuer designates Ireland as Home 
Member State for the purpose of the Notes to be issued and the approval of this Base 
Prospectus. The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of a significant new 
factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply, once the Notes are admitted to 
the Official List and trading on its regulated market. 
The information on the websites to which this Base Prospectus refers does not form part of this 
Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the Central Bank. 
THE NOTES WILL BE OBLIGATIONS OF THE ISSUER ONLY. THE NOTES WILL NOT BE 
OBLIGATIONS OF, OR THE RESPONSIBILITY OF, OR GUARANTEED BY, ANY PERSON OTHER 
THAN THE ISSUER. IN PARTICULAR, THE NOTES WILL NOT BE OBLIGATIONS OF, OR THE 
RESPONSIBILITY OF, OR GUARANTEED BY, ANY OF THE ARRANGER, THE TRANSACTION 
PARTIES (OTHER THAN THE ISSUER) OR ANY COMPANY IN THE SAME GROUP OF COMPANIES 
AS ANY OF THE TRANSACTION PARTIES (OTHER THAN THE ISSUER). NO LIABILITY 
WHATSOEVER IN RESPECT OF ANY FAILURE BY THE ISSUER TO PAY ANY AMOUNT DUE 
UNDER THE NOTES SHALL BE ACCEPTED BY ANY OF THE ARRANGER, THE TRANSACTION 
PARTIES (OTHER THAN THE ISSUER), OR ANY COMPANY IN THE SAME GROUP OF 
COMPANIES AS THE ARRANGER OR THE TRANSACTION PARTIES (OTHER THAN THE ISSUER). 
THE NOTES HAVE NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE U.S. SECURITIES 
ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED FROM TIME TO TIME (THE "SECURITIES ACT"). SUBJECT TO 
CERTAIN EXCEPTIONS, THE NOTES MAY NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD OR DELIVERED WITHIN THE 
UNITED STATES OR TO U.S. PERSONS (WITHIN THE MEANING OF REGULATION S UNDER THE 
SECURITIES ACT). 
FOR A DESCRIPTION OF CERTAIN RESTRICTIONS ON RESALES OR TRANSFERS, SEE THE 
SECTION ENTITLED "SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE – SELLING RESTRICTIONS". 
THE NOTES MAY NOT AT ANY TIME BE PURCHASED BY ANY PERSON EXCEPT FOR PERSONS 
THAT ARE NOT "U.S. PERSONS" AS DEFINED IN THE U.S. RISK RETENTION RULES ("RISK 
RETENTION U.S. PERSONS"). "U.S. RISK RETENTION RULES" MEANS REGULATION RR (17 
C.F.R PART 246) IMPLEMENTING THE RISK RETENTION REQUIREMENTS OF SECTION 15G OF 
THE U.S. SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED. PROSPECTIVE INVESTORS 
SHOULD NOTE THAT THE DEFINITION OF "U.S. PERSON" IN THE U.S. RISK RETENTION RULES 
IS SUBSTANTIALLY SIMILAR TO, BUT NOT IDENTICAL TO, THE DEFINITION OF "U.S. PERSON" 
IN REGULATION S. EACH PURCHASER OF NOTES, INCLUDING BENEFICIAL INTERESTS 
THEREIN WILL BE DEEMED, AND IN CERTAIN CIRCUMSTANCES WILL BE REQUIRED, TO 
REPRESENT AND AGREE THAT IT (1) IS NOT A RISK RETENTION U.S. PERSON (2) IS 
ACQUIRING SUCH NOTE OR A BENEFICIAL INTEREST THEREIN FOR ITS OWN ACCOUNT AND 
NOT WITH A VIEW TO DISTRIBUTE SUCH NOTE; AND (3) IS NOT ACQUIRING SUCH NOTE OR A 
BENEFICIAL INTEREST THEREIN AS PART OF A SCHEME TO EVADE THE REQUIREMENTS OF 
THE U.S. RISK RETENTION RULES. EACH PROSPECTIVE INVESTOR WILL BE REQUIRED TO 
MAKE THESE REPRESENTATIONS (A) ON OR ABOUT THE TIME OF THE ANNOUNCEMENT OF 
THE SECURITISATION TRANSACTION INVOLVING THE ISSUANCE OF THE NOTES AND (B) IF

--- Page 8 ---
- viii - 
SUCH REPRESENTATIONS HAVE NOT BEEN PREVIOUSLY MADE, AS A CONDITION TO 
PLACING ANY OFFER TO PURCHASE THE NOTES. THE ISSUER, THE SELER AND THE 
ARRANGER WILL RELY ON THESE REPRESENTATIONS, WITHOUT FURTHER INVESTIGATION. 
THE CLASS A NOTES MAY NOT BE OFFERED, OR SOLD WITHIN THE UNITED STATES OR TO, 
OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF, U.S. PERSONS EXCEPT (I) PURSUANT TO AN 
EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO THE REGISTRATION 
REQUIREMENTS OF, THE SECURITIES ACT AND (II) IN ACCORDANCE WITH AN EXEMPTION 
FROM THE U.S. RISK RETENTION RULES. 
THE ISSUANCE OF THE CLASS A NOTES WAS NOT DESIGNED TO COMPLY WITH THE U.S. RISK 
RETENTION RULES OTHER THAN THE EXEMPTION UNDER SECTION _.20 OF THE U.S. RISK 
RETENTION RULES, AND NO OTHER STEPS HAVE BEEN TAKEN BY THE ISSUER, THE SELLER, 
THE ARRANGER OR ANY OF THEIR AFFILIATES OR ANY OTHER PARTY TO ACCOMPLISH SUCH 
COMPLIANCE. 
THE ISSUER IS OF THE VIEW THAT IT IS NOT A "COVERED FUND" UNDER THE "VOLCKER 
RULE". ANY PROSPECTIVE INVESTORS, INCLUDING U.S. OR FOREIGN BANKS OR 
SUBSIDIARIES OR OTHER AFFILIATES THEREOF, SHOULD CONSULT THEIR OWN LEGAL 
ADVISERS REGARDING SUCH MATTERS AND OTHER EFFECTS OF THE VOLCKER RULE.  
There is no undertaking to register the Class A Notes under the securities laws or "blue sky" laws of any 
state or other jurisdiction of the United States. Until 40 days after the later of the commencement of the 
offering of the Class A Notes and the Initial Issue Date, an offer or sale of the Class A Notes within the 
United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in this offering) may violate the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act if such offer or sale is made otherwise than pursuant to an exemption 
from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
The Class B Notes will not be offered or sold in the United States or to U.S. Persons. 
Governing Law 
The Notes, and all non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with them, are governed 
by, and will be construed in accordance with, English law. 
Form of the Notes 
Each of the Class A Notes and the Class B Notes will be issued in registered form and in denominations 
of £100,000 and integral multiples of £1,000 in excess of £100,000, up to and including £199,000. 
Interests in each of the Class A Notes will be represented by a global registered note (each, a "Global 
Note"), without interest coupons attached. The Global Notes representing the Class A Notes will be 
deposited on the Initial Issue Date with one of Euroclear Bank SA/NV, or "Euroclear" or Clearstream 
Banking S.A. or "Clearstream, Luxembourg" which will act as the Common Safekeeper for the Class 
A Notes.  Except in certain limited circumstances, the global notes will not be exchangeable for 
registered definitive notes (“Definitive Notes”) and no Definitive Notes will be issued with a 
denomination above £199,000. The Class B Notes will be represented by beneficial interests in 
Definitive Notes. Noteholders should be aware that Definitive Notes which have a denomination that is 
not an integral multiple of the minimum authorised denomination may be illiquid and difficult to trade.  
Commercial Activities 
The Arranger and its respective affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment 
banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services for, the Issuer, the 
Seller and their affiliates in the ordinary course of business. In addition, in the ordinary course of their 
business activities, the Arranger and their respective affiliates may make or hold a broad array of 
investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative securities) and financial 
instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the account of their customers. Such 
investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of the Issuer, the Seller

--- Page 9 ---
- ix - 
or their affiliates. Certain of the Arranger or its affiliates that have a lending relationship with the Issuer, 
the Seller or their affiliates routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer consistent with their 
customary risk management policies.  Typically, such Arranger and its affiliates would hedge such 
exposure by entering into transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or 
the creation of short positions in securities, including potentially the Notes. Any such short positions 
could adversely affect future trading prices of the Notes. The Arranger and its respective affiliates may 
also make investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in 
respect of such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they 
acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and instruments. 
Responsibility Statements 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and declares 
that, having taken all reasonable care to ensure such is the case, the information in this Base 
Prospectus, to the best of its knowledge, is in accordance with the facts and contains no omission likely 
to affect its import. 
Where third party information has been used in this Base Prospectus, the source of such information 
has been identified. In the case of the presented statistical information, similar statistics may be 
obtainable from other sources, although the underlying assumptions and methodology, and 
consequently the resulting data, may vary from source to source. Where information has been sourced 
from a third party, such publications generally state that the information they contain has been obtained 
from sources believed to be reliable but that the accuracy and completeness of such information is not 
guaranteed. As far as the Issuer is aware and able to ascertain from the information published by such 
third party sources, this information has been accurately reproduced and no facts have been omitted 
that would render the reproduction of this information inaccurate or misleading. 
The Seller accepts responsibility for the information contained in the first paragraph of the section 
entitled "RISK RETENTION AND SECURITISATION REGULATIONS REPORTING" and the sections 
entitled "PORTFOLIO CHARACTERISTICS AND HISTORICAL DATA" and "THE SELLER AND THE 
SERVICER" (but not, for the avoidance of doubt and to the extent applicable, any information in the 
sections cross-referred to in such sections) (together, the "Seller Information"). The Seller declares 
that, to the best of its knowledge and belief, having taken all reasonable care to ensure such is the case, 
the information in such sections is in accordance with the facts and contains no omission likely to affect 
its import. No representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is made and no responsibility 
or liability is accepted by the Seller and the Servicer as to the accuracy or completeness of any 
information contained in this Base Prospectus (other than in the sections referred to above and not 
specifically excluded therein) or any other information supplied in connection with the Notes. 
No representations about the Notes 
No person is authorised to give any information or to make any representation not contained in this Base 
Prospectus and any information or representation not so contained must not be relied upon as having 
been authorised by or on behalf of the Transaction Parties or the Arranger. Neither the delivery of this 
Base Prospectus nor any sale made in connection herewith shall, under any circumstances, create any 
implication that there has been no change in the affairs of the Issuer since the date hereof or the date 
upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently amended or supplemented or that there has 
been no adverse change in the financial position of the Issuer since the date hereof or the date upon 
which this Base Prospectus has been most recently amended or supplemented or that the information 
contained in it or any other information supplied in connection with the Notes is correct as of any time 
subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the document 
containing the same. 
To the fullest extent permitted by law, none of the Arranger or the Transaction Parties accepts any 
responsibility whatsoever for the contents of this Base Prospectus or for any other statement, made or 
purported to be made by the Arranger, the Transaction Parties or any other person or on their behalf in 
connection with the Issuer or the issue and offering of the Notes. Each of the Arranger and the 
Transaction Parties accordingly disclaims all and any liability whether arising in tort or contract or

--- Page 10 ---
- x - 
otherwise (save as referred to above) which it might otherwise have in respect of this Base Prospectus 
or any such statement. 
None of the Arranger, the Note Trustee and the Security Trustee, the Account Bank, the Cash Manager 
and the Agents shall be responsible for compliance of the Issuer, the Seller or any other Transaction 
Party with the requirements of the UK Securitisation Regulation and the EU Securitisation Regulation. 
Each potential purchaser of the Notes should determine the relevance of the information contained in 
this Base Prospectus or part hereof and the purchase of Notes should be based upon such investigation 
as each purchaser deems necessary. 
None of the Arranger, the Issuer, the Note Trustee or the Security Trustee, the Account Bank, the Cash 
Manager or the Agents has or shall have any liability to any prospective investor or any other person for 
any insufficiency of such information or any non-compliance by any such person with the due diligence, 
retention and transparency rules set out in Article 5, Article 6 and Article 7 of the UK Securitisation 
Regulation and Article 5, Article 6 and Article 7 of the EU Securitisation Regulation or any other 
applicable legal, regulatory or other requirements, or has any obligation to provide any further 
information or take any other steps that may be required by any institutional investor to enable 
compliance by such person with the requirements of any due diligence and investor requirement or any 
other applicable legal, regulatory or other requirements. 
Selling Restrictions 
The Notes have not been, and will not be, registered under the Securities Act, or the securities laws or 
"blue sky" laws of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States. The Class A Notes may not be 
offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. Persons, except 
pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the 
Securities Act and in compliance with any applicable securities laws of any state or other jurisdiction of 
the United States and under circumstances which would not require the Issuer to register under the 
Investment Company Act. In connection with the initial distribution of the securities offered hereby, the 
Class A Notes will be offered and sold only outside the United States to persons who are not U.S. 
Persons. The Class B Notes will not be offered or sold in the United States or to U.S. Persons. There 
has been and will be no public offering of the Notes in the United States.  
Except with the prior consent of the Seller and where such sale falls within the exemption provided by 
Section 20 of the U.S. Risk Retention Rules, the Class A Notes may not be sold to, or for the account 
or benefit of, any Risk Retention U.S. Person. Prospective investors should note that the definition of 
"U.S. person" in the U.S. Risk Retention Rules is similar to, but not identical to, the definition of "U.S. 
person" in Regulation S under the Securities Act ("Regulation S") and that persons who are not "U.S. 
persons" under Regulation S may be "U.S. persons" under the U.S. Risk Retention Rules. 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms nor any offering, sale or delivery of any 
Notes shall, under any circumstances, create any implication (i) that the information in this Base 
Prospectus or Final Terms is correct as of any time subsequent to the date hereof, or (ii) that there has 
been no adverse change in the financial situation of the Issuer since the date of this Base Prospectus 
or Final Terms or (iii) that any other information supplied in connection with the issue of the Notes is 
correct at any time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in 
the document containing the same. 
No action has been taken by the Issuer or the Seller or the Arranger other than as set out in this Base 
Prospectus that would permit a public offering of the Notes, or possession or distribution of this Base 
Prospectus or any other offering material in any country or jurisdiction where action for that purpose is 
required. Accordingly, no Notes may be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and neither this Base 
Prospectus (nor any part hereof) nor any information memorandum, offering circular, form of application, 
advertisement or other offering materials may be issued, distributed or published in any country or 
jurisdiction except in compliance with applicable laws, orders, rules and regulations, and the Issuer and 
the Arranger have represented that all offers and sales by them have been made on such terms.

--- Page 11 ---
- xi - 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any Final Terms constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer 
to buy any securities other than the securities to which it relates or an offer to sell or the solicitation of 
any offer to buy any of the securities offered hereby or thereby in any circumstances in which such offer 
or solicitation is unlawful. The distribution of this Base Prospectus (or of any part thereof) or any Final 
Terms and the offering and sale of the Notes in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons 
into whose possession this Base Prospectus (or any part thereof) comes are required by the Issuer and 
the Arranger to inform themselves about and to observe any such restrictions. Neither this Base 
Prospectus nor any Final Terms constitute, and may not be used for, or in connection with, an offer or 
solicitation by anyone in any jurisdiction in which such offer or solicitation is not authorised or to any 
person to whom it is unlawful to make such offer or solicitation. For a further description of certain 
restrictions on offerings and sales of the Notes and distribution of this Base Prospectus (or of any part 
thereof) or any Final Terms see "SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE".  
If you are in any doubt about the contents of this document you should consult, as appropriate, your 
legal advisor, stockbroker, bank manager, accountant or other financial advisor. 
An investment in these Notes is only suitable for financially sophisticated investors who are 
capable of evaluating the merits and risks of such investment and who have sufficient resources 
to be able to bear any losses which may result from such investment. 
It should be remembered that the price of securities and the income deriving from them may 
decrease. 
It is expected that prospective investors interested in participating in this offering will conduct 
an independent investigation of the risks posed by an investment in the Notes. Prospective 
purchasers of the Notes must be able to hold their investment for an indefinite period of time. 
UK MIFIR Product Governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market  
Solely for the purposes of each manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment 
in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible 
counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook ("COBS"), and 
professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA ("UK MiFIR"); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturers' target 
market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product intervention and 
Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturers' target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
UK PRIIPs Regulation / Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors  
The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the UK. For these purposes, a retail investor 
means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation 
(EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (ii) a customer within the 
meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement 
Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in 
point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently, no key information document required by 
the PRIIPs Regulation as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs 
Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in 
the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available 
to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.

--- Page 12 ---
- xii - 
PRIIPs Regulation / Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors  
The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the EEA. For these purposes, a retail investor 
means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID 
II; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II or (iii) not a 
qualified investor (as defined in the Prospectus Regulation). Consequently, no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the "PRIIPs Regulation") for 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been 
prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.
Interpretation 
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified or the context otherwise requires, references to "£", 
"Sterling" and "Pounds Sterling" are references to the lawful currency for the time being of the United 
Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland. 
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified or the context otherwise requires, references to "€" 
and "euros" are to the lawful currency of the Member States of the European Union that have adopted 
or adopt the single currency in accordance with the Treaty establishing the European Community 
(signed in Rome on 25 March, 1957), as amended by the Treaty on European Union (signed in 
Maastricht on 7 February, 1992), as amended by the Treaty of Amsterdam (signed in Amsterdam on 2 
November, 1997), as amended by the Treaty of Nice (signed in Nice on 26 February, 2001, as amended 
by the Treaty of Lisbon (signed in Lisbon on 13 December 2007)) and as subsequently amended from 
time to time. 
Certain figures included in this Base Prospectus have been subject to rounding adjustments. 
Accordingly, figures shown for the same category in different tables may vary slightly and figures shown 
as totals in certain tables may not be an arithmetic aggregation of the figures which precede them. 
Capitalised terms used in this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise indicated, have the meanings set out 
in this Base Prospectus. A glossary of defined terms appears at the end of this Base Prospectus in the 
section headed "GLOSSARY OF TERMS". 
Forward-Looking Statements 
Certain matters contained herein are forward-looking statements. Such statements appear in a number 
of places in this Base Prospectus, including with respect to assumptions on prepayment and certain 
other characteristics of the Finance Agreements and Transferred Receivables, and reflect significant 
assumptions and subjective judgments by the Issuer that may not prove to be correct. Such statements 
may be identified by reference to a future period or periods and the use of forward-looking terminology 
such as "may", "will", "could", "believes", "expects", "anticipates", "continues", "intends", "plans" or 
similar terms. Consequently, future results may differ from the Issuer's expectations due to a variety of 
factors, including (but not limited to) the economic environment and regulatory changes in the auto and 
consumer finance industry in the United Kingdom. Moreover, past financial performance should not be 
considered a reliable indicator of future performance and prospective purchasers of the Notes are 
cautioned that any such statements are not guarantees of performance and involve risks and 
uncertainties, many of which are beyond the control of the Issuer. The Arranger has not attempted to 
verify any such statements, nor does it make any representations, express or implied, with respect 
thereto. Prospective purchasers should therefore not place undue reliance on any of these forward-
looking statements. None of the Arranger or the Transaction Parties assumes any obligation to update 
these forward-looking statements or to update the reasons for which actual results could differ materially 
from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements.

--- Page 13 ---
CONTENTS
RISK FACTORS 
1
DIAGRAMMATIC OVERVIEW 
32
DIAGRAMMATIC OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
32
DIAGRAMMATIC OVERVIEW OF ON-GOING CASH FLOWS 
33
DIAGRAMMATIC OVERVIEW OF THE OWNERSHIP OF THE ISSUER 
34
TRANSACTION PARTIES ON THE INITIAL ISSUE DATE 
35
PORTFOLIO AND SERVICING 
38
OVERVIEW OF THE CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
44
RIGHTS OF NOTEHOLDERS AND RELATIONSHIP WITH OTHER SECURED CREDITORS 52
CREDIT STRUCTURE AND CASHFLOWS 
59
TRIGGERS TABLES 
65
FEES  
72
LEGAL AND REGULATORY CONSIDERATIONS 
73
RISK RETENTION AND SECURITISATION REGULATIONS REPORTING 
82
DESCRIPTION OF THE NOTES 
85
CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
86
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
115
OVERVIEW OF THE PRINCIPAL TRANSACTION DOCUMENTS 
118
SOME IMPORTANT CONSIDERATIONS 
138
DESCRIPTION OF THE PORTFOLIO 
144
PORTFOLIO CHARACTERISTICS AND HISTORICAL DATA 
152
ESTIMATED WEIGHTED AVERAGE LIFE OF NOTES AND ASSUMPTIONS 
200
THE ISSUER 
202
HOLDINGS 
204
THE SELLER AND THE SERVICER 
205
THE NOTE TRUSTEE AND SECURITY TRUSTEE 
207
THE CORPORATE SERVICES PROVIDER 
208
THE ACCOUNT BANK 
209
THE REGISTRAR AND PAYING AGENT 
210
THE CASH MANAGER 
211
TAXATION 
212
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
214
USE OF PROCEEDS 
217
GENERAL INFORMATION 
218
GLOSSARY OF TERMS 
221
INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS 
260

--- Page 14 ---
- 1 - 
RISK FACTORS 
The following is a summary of certain aspects of the issue of the Notes and the related transactions 
which prospective investors should consider before deciding to invest in the Notes. 
An investment in the Notes involves a certain degree of risk, since, in particular, the Notes do not have 
a regular, predictable schedule of redemption. In addition, the Class B Notes will be subordinated to the 
Class A Notes as further detailed elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. 
Prospective investors in the Notes should then ensure that they understand the nature of such Notes 
and the extent of their exposure to risk, that they: 
(a)
have sufficient knowledge, experience and access to professional advisers to make their own 
legal, tax, prudential, accounting and financial evaluation of the merits and risks of investment 
in such Notes and that they consider the suitability of such Notes as an investment in the light 
of their own requirements and financial condition;
(b)
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of their 
particular financial condition, an investment in the Notes and the impact the Notes will have on 
their overall investment portfolio;
(c)
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the 
Notes, including where the currency for principal or interest payments is different from the 
potential investor’s currency;
(d)
understand thoroughly the terms of the Notes and are familiar with the behaviour of asset-
backed securities markets; and
(e)
are able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for 
economic, Note Interest Rate and other factors that may affect their investment and their ability 
to bear the applicable risks.
Each prospective purchaser of Notes should consult its own advisers as to legal, tax, financial, credit, 
accounting and related aspects of an investment in the Notes. Each investor contemplating the purchase 
of any Notes should conduct an independent investigation of the financial condition and appraisal of the 
ability of the Issuer to pay its debts, the risks and rewards associated with the Notes and of the tax, 
accounting, prudential and legal consequences of investing in the Notes. 
Prospective investors should also carefully consider the risk factors set out below, in addition to the 
other information contained in this Base Prospectus, in evaluating whether to purchase the Notes. 
As more than one risk factor can affect the Notes simultaneously, the effect of a single risk factor cannot 
be accurately predicted. Additionally, risk factors may have a cumulative effect so that the combined 
effect on the Notes cannot be accurately predicted. No binding statement can be given on the effect of 
a combination of risk factors on the Notes. 
Except as is otherwise stated below, such risk factors are generally applicable to all Classes of Notes, 
although the degree of risk associated with each Class of Notes will vary in accordance with the position 
of such Notes in the Priority of Payments. 
The Notes are a suitable investment only for investors who are capable of bearing the economic risk of 
an investment in the Notes (including the risk that the investor shall lose all or a substantial portion of 
its investment) for an indefinite period of time with no need for liquidity and are capable of independently 
assessing the tax risks associated with an investment in the Notes. Furthermore, each prospective 
purchaser of Notes must determine, based on its own independent review and such professional advice 
as it deems appropriate under the circumstances, that its acquisition of the Notes: 
(a)
is fully consistent with its financial needs, objectives and condition;

--- Page 15 ---
- 2 - 
(b)
complies and is fully consistent with all investment policies, guidelines and restrictions 
applicable to it whether acquiring the Notes for its own account or on behalf of a third party; and
(c)
is a fit, proper and suitable investment for it (or if it is acquiring the Notes on behalf of a third 
party for such third party), notwithstanding the substantial risks inherent to investing in or holding 
the Notes.
The Issuer believes that the risks described below are the principal risks inherent in the transaction for 
the Noteholders, but the inability of the Issuer to pay interest, principal or other amounts on or in 
connection with the Notes may occur for other reasons and the Issuer does not represent that the 
following statements regarding the risk of holding the Notes are exhaustive. Prospective investors 
should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus, including “Some 
Important Considerations", and reach their own views prior to making any investment decision. 
For reference to the definitions of capitalised terms appearing in this Base Prospectus, see "GLOSSARY 
OF TERMS". 
1. RISKS RELATING TO THE ISSUER  
1.1 Liability under the Notes  
The Notes will be obligations of the Issuer alone and will not be guaranteed by, or be the responsibility 
of, any other entity. In particular, the Notes will not be obligations of, or guaranteed by, or be the 
responsibility of the Seller, its affiliates or any other Transaction Party other than the Issuer. 
All payment obligations of the Issuer under the Notes constitute exclusively obligations to pay out the 
sums standing to the credit of the General Collection Account and, in certain situations only, the General 
Reserve Account and the proceeds from the Security, in each case in accordance with (and subject to 
the specific provisions of) the applicable Priority of Payments. If, following the enforcement of the 
Security, the proceeds of enforcement prove ultimately insufficient, after payment of all claims ranking 
in priority to amounts due under the Notes, to pay in full all principal and interest and other amounts 
whatsoever due in respect of the Notes, any shortfall arising will be extinguished and the Noteholders 
will neither have any further claim against the Issuer in respect of any such amounts nor have recourse 
to any other person for the loss sustained. The enforcement of the Security by the Security Trustee is 
the only remedy available to the Noteholders for the purpose of recovering amounts payable in respect 
of the Notes. 
1.2 Limited resources of the Issuer 
The Issuer is a special purpose entity, with no business operations other than the issue of the Notes, 
the financing of the purchase of the Portfolio and the entrance into the related Transaction Documents. 
Therefore, the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations under the Notes and its operating, 
administrative and other expenses will depend, inter alia, upon receipt of: 
 
payments of Collections under the Transferred Receivables, which in turn will be dependent on:  
o
the receipt by the Servicer of Collections from Obligors in respect of the Transferred 
Receivables and the payment of those amounts by the Servicer to the Issuer in accordance 
with the Servicing Agreement and the Master Receivables Transfer Agreement; and  
o
the Repurchase Price or Re-transfer Amount received by the Issuer in respect of a Re-
transferred Receivable; 
 
the amount standing to the credit of the General Reserve Account and the Revolving Account; 
 
any net interest earned on the General Reserve Account, the General Collection Account and the 
Revolving Account; 
 
payments, if any, under the other Transaction Documents in accordance with the terms thereof.

--- Page 16 ---
- 3 - 
Other than the foregoing, the Issuer will have no other funds available to meet its obligations under the 
Notes and its obligations ranking in priority to or pari passu with the Notes.

--- Page 17 ---
- 4 - 
2. RISKS RELATING TO THE NOTES  
2.1 Performance of Transferred Receivables Uncertain 
The payment of principal and interest on the Notes is dependent on, among other matters, the 
performance of the Transferred Receivables. Accordingly, the Noteholders will be exposed to the credit 
risk of the Obligors, including the risk of default in payment by the Obligors. Neither the Seller nor the 
Issuer guarantees or warrants the full and timely payment by the Obligors of any scheduled repayments 
payable under the Transferred Receivables. 
The performance of the Transferred Receivables depends on a number of factors, including general 
economic conditions, unemployment levels, the circumstances of individual Obligors (including his or 
her assets and liabilities as well as his or her ability to generate sufficient income to make the required 
payments), RCI Financial Services Ltd’s underwriting standards at origination and the success of RCI 
Financial Services Ltd's servicing and collection strategies. Consequently, there can be no assurance 
as to how the Transferred Receivables (and accordingly the Notes) will perform based on credit 
evaluation scores or other similar measures. If the performance of the Transferred Receivables was 
adversely affected by such factors, the Issuer's ability to make payments of interest and/or principal on 
the Notes could be adversely affected. See "RISK FACTORS – RISKS RELATING TO THE NOTES – 
The Covid-19 pandemic may have negative effects on the portfolio".  
In addition, there can be no assurance as to the future geographical distribution of the Obligors or the 
Vehicles and its effect, in particular, on the rate of amortisation of the Transferred Receivables.  Although 
the Obligors are located throughout the United Kingdom, these Obligors may be concentrated in certain 
locations, such as densely populated or industrial areas.  Any deterioration in the economic condition of 
the area(s) in which the Obligors are located (or any deterioration in the economic condition of other 
areas) may have an adverse effect on the ability of the Obligors to make repayments under the Finance 
Agreements and the ability of RCI Financial Services Ltd to sell the Vehicles following a repossession. 
A concentration of the Obligors in such area(s) may therefore result in a greater risk that the Noteholders 
will ultimately not receive the full principal amount of the Notes and interest thereon than if such 
concentration had not been present. 
The rate of recovery upon an Obligor default may itself be influenced by various economic, tax, legal 
and other factors such as changes in the value of the Vehicles or the level of interest rates from time to 
time.  There might be various risks involved in the sales of used vehicles which could significantly 
influence the amount of proceeds generated from the sale, e.g. high mileage and damage, less popular 
configuration (engine, colour etc.), oversized special equipment, large numbers of homogeneous types 
of vehicles coming to market in short time intervals, general price volatility in the used vehicles market, 
seasonal impact on sales or changes in customer preferences (for example, a movement away from 
diesel engines).  See "RISK FACTORS –– RISKS RELATING TO THE NOTES –  Risk of Early 
Repayment". 
The Issuer is also dependant on the ability of the Servicer, on behalf of the Issuer, to realise or recover 
sufficient funds under the Servicer's Underwriting and Collection Procedures in respect of any Finance 
Agreement and its related Vehicle in order to discharge all amounts due and owing by the relevant 
Obligor(s) under such Finance Agreement, which may adversely affect payments on the Notes. This 
risk is mitigated to some extent by certain credit enhancement features which are described in the 
section entitled "Credit Structure and Cashflows". However, no assurance can be made as to the 
effectiveness of such credit enhancement features, or that such credit enhancement features will protect 
the Noteholders from all risk of loss. Should there be credit losses arising in respect of the Finance 
Agreements, this could have an adverse effect on the ability of the Issuer to make payments of interest 
and/or principal on the Notes. 
2.2 Subordination 
Pursuant to the Priorities of Payments, the Class B Notes are subordinated in right of payment of 
principal and interest to the Class A Notes.

--- Page 18 ---
- 5 - 
The Class A Notes will rank pro rata and pari passu without preference or priority among themselves at 
all times as to payments of interest and principal, as provided in the Conditions and the Transaction 
Documents. 
The Class B Notes will rank pro rata and pari passu without preference or priority among themselves in 
relation to payment of interest and principal at all times, but subordinate to the Class A Notes, as 
provided in the Conditions and the Transaction Documents. 
Pursuant to the Priorities of Payments, the Subordinated Loan is subordinated with respect to payment 
of interest and principal to the Notes. 
In addition to the above, payments on the Notes are subordinate to payments of certain senior ranking 
fees, costs and expenses in accordance with the relevant Priority of Payments.  
There is no assurance that these subordination rules will protect the Class A Noteholders from risk of 
loss. 
2.3 Risk of Late Payment of Instalments 
Whilst each Finance Agreement has due dates for scheduled payments thereunder, there is no 
assurance that the Obligors under those Finance Agreements will pay in time, or at all. Obligors may 
default on their obligations due under the Finance Agreements for a variety of financial and personal 
reasons, including loss or reduction of earnings (including, and in particular, in relation to Obligors 
experiencing more volatile earnings and Obligors suffering the impact of being furloughed for a period 
of time or ultimately being made redundant by an employer as a result of the economic impact of Covid-
19 and on-going uncertainty surrounding it), illness (including any illness arising in connection with an 
epidemic or a pandemic (for example, Covid-19)), divorce and other similar factors which may, 
individually or in combination lead to an increase in delinquencies by and bankruptcies of the Obligors. 
In addition, the Seller may, but is not obliged to, repurchase any Defaulted Receivables.  
2.4 The Covid-19 pandemic may have negative effects on the Portfolio 
The world is currently experiencing an outbreak of a novel coronavirus (known as "Covid-19") which is 
having severe health, as well as unpredictable economic, effects across the world. On 11 March 2020, 
the Chief Medical Officer of the UK Government announced that the current outbreak of Covid-19 had 
reached epidemic proportion in the United Kingdom and the World Health Organisation also declared 
the current global outbreak of Covid-19 as a "global pandemic". 
Regulatory impact 
In the context of Covid-19, on 24 April 2020, the FCA published a package of measures to support motor 
finance consumers through the Covid-19 pandemic (as amended from time to time, the "FCA Payment 
Deferral Guidance"). Amongst other things, the FCA Payment Deferral Guidance provided that UK 
authorised firms which offer (or have acquired) regulated consumer credit or consumer hire agreements 
relating to motor vehicles should, where a customer is experiencing or reasonably expects to 
experience, payment difficulties as a result of circumstances relating to coronavirus, and wishes to 
receive a payment deferral, grant a customer a payment deferral for up to three months. The FCA 
Payment Deferral Guidance was subsequently amended by the FCA on 17 July 2020 and 19 November 
2020. The current version of the FCA Payment Deferral Guidance is in force until 31 July 2021. The 
effect of that guidance is that a customer is entitled to request an initial payment deferral at any time 
before 31 March 2021. No single payment deferral should be granted in respect of more than three 
monthly payments and no payment deferral granted under the FCA Payment Deferral Guidance should 
be capable of extension beyond 31 July 2021. Where a customer has been granted a payment deferral 
under the FCA Payment Deferral Guidance, that customer should not be treated as being in arrears. On 
30 September 2020, the FCA published draft additional guidance for firms, including motor finance 
providers, on what should happen at the end of existing payment deferral granted under the FCA 
Payment Deferral Guidance. An updated version of this additional guidance came into force on 25 
November 2020 (the "Additional FCA Tailored Support Guidance"). The FCA Tailored Support

--- Page 19 ---
- 6 - 
Guidance confirms that the FCA Payment Deferral Guidance will continue to apply to provide support 
to newly affected customers until 31 March 2021, with consumers able to receive an initial, or further, 
three month payment deferral until that date which could last until 31 July 2021. It also sets out the 
FCA's expectations on additional tailored forbearance being granted to those who have had payment 
deferrals but who remain in financial difficulties or those who are not eligible for a payment deferral 
under the FCA Payment Deferral Guidance. On 27 January 2021, the FCA published finalised guidance 
to update paragraph 1.2 and section 6 of the Additional FCA Tailored Support Guidance to set out the 
FCA’s expectations and proposed approach to the repossession of goods and vehicles (the Additional 
FCA Tailored Support Guidance, as updated, the "FCA Tailored Support Guidance"). That finalised 
guidance provides that firms will be able to repossess such goods and vehicles from 31 January 2021, 
but this should only be done as a last resort and in accordance with all relevant government public health 
guidelines (including on social distancing and shielding). Where a customer has an agreed forbearance 
plan in place (including a payment deferral), repossession action should not be commenced or 
continued. The FCA also expects firms to exercise particular care when dealing with vulnerable 
customers carefully considering the potential impacts of repossession action on such customers. 
General impact 
More generally, Covid-19 has resulted in authorities worldwide, including those in the United Kingdom, 
implementing numerous measures and on multiple occasions to try to contain the virus, such as travel 
bans and restrictions, curfews, lockdowns, quarantines and shutdowns of businesses and workplaces. 
There is no certainty that such measures will be sufficient to mitigate the risks posed by Covid-19.  Both 
Covid-19 and the related counter-measures have led to both increased volatility and declines in financial 
markets and significant worsening of the macroeconomic environment and its outlook (although a 
recovery has been seen over recent months). Given the unprecedented nature of the actions taken by 
governments following the onset of Covid-19, it is difficult to assess or predict the ultimate impact of 
Covid-19 and these counter-measures on the economy. There is a risk that economic measures taken 
in response to Covid-19, may be concealing a more serious underlying deterioration in both the economy 
and the circumstances of Obligors generally or in certain sectors specifically. There can be no assurance 
that any such economic measures providing financial support for Obligors will continue at all or continue 
at pre-existing levels and once such economic measures are withdrawn or reduced, there may be an 
increased risk of default by the Obligors.
Impact on Obligors 
The overall impact of the Covid-19 pandemic on the performance of the Transferred Receivables is 
difficult to predict and will develop over time. As at the Initial Cut-off Date, none of the Receivables of 
the Portfolio as at the Initial Cut-Off Date have historically been subject to Covid-19 forbearance 
measures.  Even though such Receivables are no longer subject to any such forbearance measures, 
they may be at greater risk of experiencing financial difficulties, falling into arrears and/or being subject 
to further forbearance measures in the future. There can be no assurance that upon completion or 
withdrawal of such forbearance measures, Obligors will return to their historic payment behaviours or 
make timely payments on their Finance Agreements.  The impact of Covid-19 on the Portfolio and the 
wider UK economy is currently difficult to measure or anticipate.   
Increased levels of payment deferrals and restrictions on repossessions may result in a reduction of 
funds available to the Issuer to meet its obligations under the Notes. Further, the FCA, or other UK 
government or regulatory bodies, may take further steps in response to the Covid-19 pandemic in the 
UK which may impact the performance of the Transferred Receivables, including further amending and 
extending the scope of the FCA Payment Deferral Guidance and the FCA Tailored Support Guidance. 
If the timing of the payments as well as the quantum of such payments in respect of the Transferred 
Receivables is adversely affected by this guidance or any of the risks described above, then payments 
on the Notes could be reduced and/or delayed and could ultimately result in losses on the Notes. 
Moreover, once the immediate impact of Covid-19 subsides (including the withdrawal of the various 
measures put in place by the government in relation to the pandemic), the economic impact of Covid-
19 (including any recession, economic slowdown, increase in unemployment levels, increase in interest

--- Page 20 ---
- 7 - 
rates and increase in taxes (including in response to increased UK government debt) and decrease in 
income levels) that have occurred or may occur in the future, may continue to adversely affect Obligors 
and their ability to make timely payments under their Finance Agreements and have an adverse effect 
on the ability of the Issuer to make payments due on the Notes. Such factors would equally apply if the 
UK were to experience other health crises, epidemics or pandemics similar in nature to Covid-19. 
Further, the FCA Payment Deferral Guidance and the FCA Tailored Support Guidance could have an 
adverse effect on the residual values of the Vehicles as well as RCI Financial Services Ltd’s ability to 
undertake repossessions in a timely fashion or indeed at all for a period, where customers are in breach.  
The above matters could have an adverse effect on the Issuer's ability to make payments under the 
Notes.  
2.5 Risk of Early Repayment 
In the event that the Finance Agreements underlying the Transferred Receivables are prematurely 
terminated or otherwise settled early, the Noteholders will (not taking into account any loss suffered by 
the Issuer with respect to some or all of the Transferred Receivables, which is described above) be 
repaid the principal which they invested, but will receive interest for a period of time that is shorter than 
the period stipulated in the respective Finance Agreement. In addition, faster than expected repayments 
on the Transferred Receivables may reduce the yield of the Notes.
The rate of prepayment of the Transferred Receivables cannot be predicted and is influenced by a wide 
variety of economic and other factors, including prevailing interest rates, the buoyancy of the auto 
finance market, the availability of alternative financing and local and regional economic conditions.  
Therefore, no assurance can be given as to the level of prepayment that the Transferred Receivables 
will experience.  Based on assumed rates of prepayment, the approximate average lives and principal 
payment windows of each Class of Notes are set out in the section entitled "EXPECTED MATURITY 
AND AVERAGE LIFE OF NOTES AND ASSUMPTIONS".  However, the actual characteristics and 
performance of the Transferred Receivables will differ from such assumptions and any difference will 
affect the percentages of the initial amount outstanding of the Notes which are outstanding over time 
and the weighted average lives of the Notes.  See "Risk Factors – RISKS RELATING TO THE NOTES 
– Performance of Transferred Receivables is unknown". 
In addition, the conditions of the Notes provide for redemption of the Notes (i) in part in a total amount 
equal to the Partial Early Amortisation Amount following the occurrence of a Partial Early Amortisation 
Event during the Revolving Period and (ii) in whole following the exercise by the Seller of its Clean-Up 
Call on any Payment Date following the Calculation Date on which  the Aggregate Principal Outstanding 
Balance of the Transferred Receivables is equal to or less than 10% of the Aggregate Principal 
Outstanding Balance of the Transferred Receivables as at the Initial Cut-Off Date. 
Any exercise by the Issuer or the Obligor of its rights to redeem the Notes or terminate the Finance 
Agreement (as applicable) may result in the Notes being redeemed earlier than anticipated by the 
Noteholders.  
2.6 Deferral of interest payments 
If, on any Payment Date in relation to any Class of Notes (other than the then Most Senior Class of 
Notes outstanding), the Issuer has insufficient funds to make payment in full of all amounts of interest 
payable in respect of any of the junior-ranking Classes of Notes (after having paid or provided for items 
of higher priority in the relevant Priority of Payments), then the Issuer will be entitled under Condition 6 
(Deferral of interest and subordination) to defer payment of that amount (to the extent of the 
insufficiency) until the following Payment Date on which sufficient funds are available to fund the 
payment of such deferred interest to the extent of such available funds, in accordance with the 
Conditions. 
Only failure to pay interest on the then Most Senior Class of Notes outstanding when the same becomes 
due and payable shall constitute an Issuer Event of Default under the Notes which may result in the 
Security Trustee enforcing the Security.

--- Page 21 ---
- 8 - 
2.7 The Revolving Period will end if a Revolving Period Early Termination Event occurs 
Additional Eligible Receivables may be purchased by the Issuer on each Transfer Date during the 
Revolving Period in accordance with the Master Receivables Transfer Agreement. However, following 
the occurrence of a Revolving Period Early Termination Event, the Revolving Period will terminate and 
no additional Eligible Receivables may be sold by the Seller to the Issuer after the date of the event. If 
a Revolving Period Early Termination Event occurs (other than the Revolving Period Scheduled End 
Date), the Revolving Period would terminate before the Revolving Period Scheduled End Date and no 
additional Eligible Receivables may be sold by the Seller to the Issuer after the date of the event, in 
which case the Noteholders would receive redemptions earlier than expected.

--- Page 22 ---
- 9 - 
3. RISKS RELATING TO THE TRANSFERRED RECEIVABLES AND THE VEHICLES 
3.1 Regulatory framework – Finance Agreements regulated by the Consumer Credit Act 1974 (as 
amended) 
The Financial Conduct Authority of the United Kingdom (the "FCA") is responsible for the consumer 
credit regime in the UK. The FCA regulates firms in the sector both prudentially and through extensive 
conduct of business requirements intended to ensure that business across the sector is conducted in a 
way which advances the interests of all users and participants.  
The FCA has been the regulator of consumer credit activities since April 2014 and it is still evolving its 
practices in connection with the consumer credit regime. In light of this it is possible that it will take 
further action to impose stricter rules on current practices of consumer credit regulated firms. It is 
possible that the actions it takes as regulator, as well as any adverse decision or award made by the 
Financial Ombudsman Service (as to which see the section "LEGAL AND REGULATORY 
CONSIDERATIONS – Financial Ombudsman Service") will have an effect on the Finance Agreements, 
the Seller, the Issuer and their respective businesses and operations, which may, in turn, affect the 
Issuer's ability to make payments in full on the Notes when due. 
United Kingdom consumer protection laws regulate consumer credit contracts, including the Regulated 
Finance Agreements (as defined below). If a Finance Agreement does not comply with these laws (some 
of which are set out below), the Servicer may be prevented from or delayed in enforcing all or parts of 
the Finance Agreement and collecting amounts due on the related Transferred Receivable and this 
could lead to significant disruption and have an adverse effect on the ability of the Issuer to make 
payments of interest and/or principal on the Notes. In addition, certain rights (set out in detail below) 
must be granted to the Obligor and where the Obligor exercises any one of these rights, this may 
adversely affect the Issuer's ability to make payments in full when due on the Notes due to reduced 
sums being payable or the Obligor exercising a set-off right. 
The regulatory framework for consumer credit activities in the UK consists of the Financial Services and 
Markets Act 2000 ("FSMA") and its secondary legislation, retained provisions in the Consumer Credit 
Act 1974 (as amended) and its retained associated secondary legislation (the "CCA"), and rules and 
guidance in the FCA Handbook, including the Consumer Credit sourcebook ("CONC"). The application 
of the CCA to the Finance Agreements which are regulated by the CCA (such Finance Agreements, the 
"Regulated Finance Agreements") will have certain consequences as set out in the section "LEGAL 
AND REGULATORY CONSIDERATIONS – Finance Agreements regulated by the Consumer Credit Act 
1974 (as amended) – Regulatory framework". 
No assurance can be given that any regulatory action or guidance in respect of United Kingdom 
consumer protection laws will not have a material adverse effect on the Finance Agreements and 
accordingly on the Issuer's ability to make payments in full when due on the Notes. For further details 
on consumer protection laws, how they apply to the Seller and the Transferred Receivables, see the 
section "LEGAL AND REGULATORY CONSIDERATIONS". 
3.2 Non-Existence of Portfolio  
If due to an untrue Receivables Representation it is determined that a Transferred Receivable does not 
exist, the Seller will indemnify and pay to the Issuer the Repurchase Price in respect of such Transferred 
Receivable in accordance with the Master Receivables Transfer Agreement. If a Finance Agreement 
relating to a Transferred Receivable proves not to have been legally valid as of the relevant Cut-Off 
Date, the Seller will, pursuant to the Master Receivables Transfer Agreement, repurchase such 
Transferred Receivable and pay to the Issuer a Repurchase Price in an amount equal to the then 
Principal Outstanding Balance of such Transferred Receivable (together with any associated costs in 
respect of such repurchase). If any Transferred Receivables do not exist and no Repurchase Price is 
paid by the Seller, then this may result in Losses for the Noteholders.

--- Page 23 ---
- 10 - 
3.3 Reliance on representations 
The Issuer has not undertaken or will undertake or cause to be undertaken any investigations, searches 
or other actions as to the status of the Obligors, the Finance Agreements or the Receivables and the 
Issuer will rely instead solely on the representations made by the Seller, including the Receivables 
Representations, in respect of such matters in the Master Receivables Transfer Agreement (for a 
description of these representations please see section "OVERVIEW OF THE PRINCIPAL 
TRANSACTION DOCUMENT – The Master Receivables Transfer Agreement"). 
If any party to the Master Receivables Transfer Agreement (including the Seller in its capacity as 
Servicer under the Transaction Documents) becomes aware that any Receivables Representation was 
untrue or incorrect (by reference to the facts and circumstances then subsisting at the relevant date on 
which such Receivable Representation was given) in relation to any Transferred Receivables, the party 
discovering such breach will give prompt written notice thereof to the others in accordance with the 
Master Receivables Transfer Agreement. Unless such breach has been cured in all respects, on the 
next CM Reporting Date after the Collection Period in which such discovery or receipt of notice of 
breach occurred, the Seller will repurchase such Transferred Receivables (including the related 
Ancillary Rights and Vehicle Sale Proceeds Receivables) (the "Affected Receivables") in accordance 
with the Master Receivables Transfer Agreement at an amount equal to the aggregate Repurchase 
Price in respect of such Affected Receivables.  
If the Seller is unwilling or unable to perform its obligations to repurchase any Transferred Receivable, 
the Issuer will remain the owner of the relevant Transferred Receivable and will be reliant on the cash 
flows generated by it, if any, to meet its obligations in respect of the Notes. 
3.4 Finance Agreements 
The Issuer does not have any rights in, over or to the Vehicles that are financed by the Finance 
Agreements - it only has rights in connection with the sale proceeds of those Vehicles. Accordingly, in 
the event of any insolvency of RCI Financial Services Ltd, the Issuer is reliant on any administrator or 
liquidator of RCI Financial Services Ltd taking appropriate steps to sell such Vehicles. Because the sale 
proceeds have been transferred to the Issuer, this will be of no value to RCI Financial Services Ltd' 
creditors as a whole and therefore an administrator or liquidator will not have any financial incentive to 
take such steps. This risk is mitigated by the inclusion of a provision in the Servicing Agreement 
providing that the Issuer (or the Servicer on behalf of the Issuer) will pay, in accordance with the Priority 
of Payments, any administrator or liquidator's costs and expenses in selling such Vehicles and an 
Administrator Recovery Incentive Fee; however there can be no certainty that any administrator or 
liquidator would take such actions and no contractual obligations on RCI Financial Services Ltd to do so 
that would be enforceable against RCI Financial Services Ltd or an administrator or liquidator thereof 
after the commencement of the administration or liquidation of RCI Financial Services Ltd. 
Furthermore, following an Insolvency Event which occurs in respect of RCI Financial Services Ltd it will 
no longer be required to repurchase Transferred Receivables which become RV Receivables pursuant 
to the Master Receivables Transfer Agreement. The realisation proceeds relating to such Vehicles may 
be lower than the RV Receivables Repurchase Price paid under the Master Receivables Transfer 
Agreement. 
The Seller has granted the Vehicle Floating Charge expressed to be governed by English law (provided 
that any term particular to Scots law shall be construed in accordance with Scots law) over the Vehicles 
financed by the Finance Agreements relating to Transferred Receivables in the Portfolio and the Vehicle 
Sale Proceeds. 
3.5 PCP Agreements and reliance on residual value 
Under Finance Agreements which are PCP Agreements, at the end of the term of the PCP Agreement, 
an Obligor may either settle the contract by paying the Final Instalment and the related Option to 
Purchase Fee (and thereby purchase the Vehicle) or return the Vehicle to RCI Financial Services Ltd in 
full and final settlement of the PCP Agreement.

--- Page 24 ---
- 11 - 
Pursuant to the Master Receivables Transfer Agreement, provided that an Insolvency Event has not 
occurred in respect of the Seller, the Seller will repurchase any Transferred Receivables which have 
become RV Receivables. The Seller will purchase any such RV Receivable (including the related 
Ancillary Rights and Vehicle Sale Proceeds Receivable) (the Seller’s commitment to repurchase being 
the "RV Receivables Repurchase Commitment"), at an amount equal to the aggregate RV 
Receivables Repurchase Price in respect of such RV Receivable (and the Seller shall transfer such 
amount to the General Collection Account on the CM Reporting Date).  
There can be no assurance, however, that RCI Financial Services Ltd will be able to sell the related 
Vehicle such that the proceeds remitted to the Issuer from the sale of Vehicle returned by a Obligor in 
lieu of a final balloon payment will be sufficient to cover the residual value of the Vehicle as anticipated 
at the outset of the Finance Agreement. This may result in the Issuer receiving less than it would have 
expected in respect of the related Transferred Receivable, which could impact on the ability of the Issuer 
to make payments on the Notes. 
3.6 Commingling of Collections 
The Servicer is obliged to pay or cause to be paid all Collections (other than, so long as the Servicer is 
the Seller, any Excluded Proceeds) or any other amounts due under a Transferred Receivable into the 
Servicer Collection Account and transfer or cause to be transferred any amounts in respect of 
Collections (other than, so long as the Servicer is the Seller, any Excluded Proceeds) in respect of the 
Transferred Receivables into the General Collection Account on the Business Day following the day on 
which such funds are available in the Servicer Collection Account. Before remittance, the Servicer may 
use Collections at its own risk and for its own benefit and may commingle Collections on the Receivables 
with its own funds. If the Servicer does not deposit these amounts to the General Collection Account by 
the next Payment Date (which could occur if an Insolvency Event occurs in respect of the Servicer), 
payments on the Notes could be reduced or delayed.  
3.7 Market Value of Transferred Receivables 
There is no assurance that the market value of the Transferred Receivables will at any time be equal or 
greater than the Note Principal Amount Outstanding for any Class of Notes and Series of Notes. 
3.8 Subsequent Purchases of Receivables 
Subject to the Seller being able to generate Eligible Receivables and satisfaction of the conditions 
precedent for the acquisition of Eligible Receivables by the Issuer, it is the intention of the Seller to sell 
from time to time additional Eligible Receivables to the Issuer during the Revolving Period. The Issuer 
will acquire additional Eligible Receivables from the Seller on the same terms and conditions as the 
Transferred Receivables assigned to the Issuer on the Initial Issue Date. However, there is no guarantee 
as to the frequency with which the Seller will sell Eligible Receivables to the Issuer or the amount of 
Eligible Receivables that will be sold on any such occasion. There can therefore be no certainty as to 
the rate at which the Issuer will amortise the Class A Notes. 
3.9 Auto sector transformation and market value of Vehicles 
The automotive sector is undergoing a technology driven transformation which, together with any other 
general developments in the automotive sector, may have implications for auto finance portfolios. 
RCI Financial Services Ltd is dependent on developments in automotive trends, which are subject to a 
variety of factors that it cannot influence. Technological obsolescence, the availability of popular electric 
vehicle models, new technologies such as autonomous driving software, shifts in demand patterns, the 
expansion of public transport infrastructure, the evolution of oil prices and renewable energy prices and 
infrastructure and changes in government policy (including the imposition of carbon taxes and other 
regulatory measures to address climate change, pollution or other negative impacts of mass transport) 
may result in some vehicle types experiencing greater volatility in the level of recoveries and residual 
values compared to that seen historically.  A negative development of any of the above mentioned 
factors may affect the use of vehicles in general and therefore RCI Financial Services Ltd’s business.

--- Page 25 ---
- 12 - 
For example, certain types of diesel vehicles (such as Euro 5 and older models) were affected, or may 
in the near future become affected, by low emission zones or bans in certain cities or regions. Several 
cities, including Birmingham, Nottingham, Southampton, Derby and Leeds, set up ‘Clean Air Zones’ in 
2019. In April 2019, an Ultra-Low Emission Zone (ULEZ) was introduced in London that affects all diesel 
vehicles that do not meet Euro 6 standards. London's ULEZ will be expanded to include the inner 
London area bounded by the North and South Circular Roads from 25 October 2021. Several other 
cities, including Birmingham and Bath are expected to set up ‘Clean Air Zones’ in 2021, with Oxford also 
proposing to pilot a Zero Emissions Zone starting in summer 2021. The government in the United 
Kingdom has also introduced a range of charges and taxes that affect diesel drivers. Higher VED 
charges came into effect for new diesels on 1 April 2018 and the company car tax levied on diesel cars 
has increased from 3% to 4%. In addition, any new diesel car that fails to meet the new Real Driving 
Emissions 2 (RDE2) standard is subject to a higher tax in the first year.  In addition, a number of 
Continental European cities are considering implementing bans on diesel-powered vehicles from their 
city centres and the UK government has announced that new diesel- and petrol-powered vehicles will 
be banned in the UK from 2030.  As a result of these developments, the market prices of used diesel 
vehicles in the United Kingdom could be affected. Similarly, the rise in popularity of alternative fuel 
vehicles may introduce uncertainty in the future price trends of both legacy engine types and alternative 
fuel vehicles themselves because of evolutions in technology, battery costs and government incentives.   
Subject to the above paragraph, used car residual values in the UK are remaining relatively stable; 
however, these may reduce in future (especially in relation to certain types of vehicles, for example, 
those with diesel or petrol engines). RCI Financial Services Ltd’s HP Agreements are fully amortising 
and, therefore, are only exposed to residual values in the event of a customer default or voluntary 
termination.   Please see the risk factor “PCP Agreements and reliance on residual value” above in 
respect of RCI Financial Services Ltd’s PCP Agreements. A reduction in the residual value of Vehicles 
will increase the net loss of defaults on any Transferred Receivables which are defaulted or subject to 
voluntary termination. In such circumstances a reduction in the residual value of Vehicles related to 
Transferred Receivables could reduce amounts available to the Issuer to make payments of interest 
and principal under the Notes. RCI Financial Services Ltd controls the amount lent against each vehicle 
value and monitors residual values on loans that fall into arrears closely as well as recovery rate trends 
through its cars sold at auction.

--- Page 26 ---
- 13 - 
4. RISKS RELATING TO THE NOTES AND THE STRUCTURE 
4.1 Equitable Assignment 
Assignment by the Seller to the Issuer of the benefit of the Eligible Receivables (and the Ancillary Rights) 
derived from Finance Agreements which are governed by the laws of England and Wales will take effect 
in equity only because no notice of the assignment will be given to Obligors. The giving of notice to the 
Obligor of the assignment (whether directly or indirectly) to the Issuer would have the following 
consequences: 
(a) 
notice to the Obligor would "perfect" the assignment so that the Issuer would take priority over 
any interest of a later encumbrancer or assignee of RCI Financial Services Ltd’s rights who has 
no notice of the assignment to the Issuer; 
(b) 
notice to an Obligor would mean that the Obligor should no longer make payment to RCI 
Financial Services Ltd as creditor under the Finance Agreement but should make payment 
instead to the Issuer. If the Obligor were to ignore a notice of assignment and pay RCI Financial 
Services Ltd for its own account, the Obligor might still be liable to the Issuer for the amount of 
such payment. However, for so long as RCI Financial Services Ltd remains the Servicer under 
the Servicing Agreement, RCI Financial Services Ltd also is the agent of the Issuer for the 
purposes of the collection of the Transferred Receivables and will, accordingly, be accountable 
to the Issuer for any amount paid to RCI Financial Services Ltd in respect of the Transferred 
Receivables; 
(c) 
notice to the Obligor would prevent RCI Financial Services Ltd and the Obligor amending the 
relevant Finance Agreement without the involvement of the Issuer. However, RCI Financial 
Services Ltd as Servicer will undertake for the benefit of the Issuer that RCI Financial Services 
Ltd will only amend, prolong, modify or waive the terms of any Transferred Receivable or 
amend, modify or waive any term or condition of any Finance Agreement in accordance with 
the Underwriting and Collection Procedures; and 
(d) 
lack of notice to the Obligor means that the Issuer will have to join RCI Financial Services Ltd 
as a party to any legal action which the Issuer may want to take against any Obligor. RCI 
Financial Services Ltd as Seller will, however, undertake for the benefit of the Issuer that RCI 
Financial Services Ltd will lend its name to, and take such other steps as may be required by 
the Issuer or the Security Trustee in relation to any action in respect of the Transferred 
Receivables and RCI Financial Services Ltd grants the Issuer a power of attorney in this regard 
(the "Seller Power of Attorney"). 
Until notice is given to the Obligor, equitable set-off rights (such as for misrepresentation or breach of 
contract as referred to in "LEGAL AND REGULATORY CONSIDERATIONS - Liability for 
misrepresentations and breach of contract and set-off") may accrue in favour of an Obligor in respect of 
his obligation to make payments under the relevant Finance Agreement. These may, therefore, result 
in the Issuer receiving less cash than anticipated from the Transferred Receivables. The assignment of 
any Receivables to the Issuer will be subject both to any prior equities which have arisen in favour of 
the Obligor and to any equities which may arise in the Obligor's favour after the assignment until such 
time (if ever) as he receives actual notice of the assignment. However, where the set-off by an Obligor 
is connected with an Finance Agreement (as would be the case for claims in respect of Vehicle defects 
or may be the case if the Seller provides insurance or maintenance services), the Obligor may exercise 
a right of set-off (or an analogous right in Scotland), irrespective of any notice given to it of the 
assignment to the Issuer. The exercise of any such equitable set-off rights may adversely affect the 
Issuer's ability to make payments in full when due on the Notes. 
Perfection Events have been put in place in the transaction to mitigate the risk deriving from the equitable 
assignment but there can be no certainty as to the timing and effectiveness of such Perfection Events 
or any action taken by the Seller, the Issuer or the Security Trustee or any other party in relation thereto. 
4.2 Historical information, forecasts, projections and estimates

--- Page 27 ---
- 14 - 
The historical information set out in particular in "DESCRIPTION OF THE PORTFOLIO" is based on the 
historical experience and present procedures of the Seller. None of the Transaction Parties (other than 
the Seller) or the Arranger have undertaken or will undertake any investigation or review of, or search 
to verify, the historical information. There can be no assurances as to the future performance of the 
Transferred Receivables. 
Estimates of the weighted average lives of the Notes included in this Base Prospectus together with any 
other projections, forecasts and estimates are supplied for information only and are forward-looking 
statements. Such projections, forecasts and estimates are speculative in nature, and it can be expected 
that some or all of the underlying assumptions may differ or may prove substantially different from the 
actually realised figures. Consequently, the actual results might differ from the projections and such 
differences may be significant. The measures introduced by authorities in response to the Covid-19 
Pandemic are unprecedented and may exacerbate these risks (see further the section "RISK FACTORS 
– REGULATORY AND MACRO-ECOMONIC RISKS RELATING TO THE NOTES – The Covid-19 
Pandemic may affect liquidity of the Notes" below). 
4.3 Limited data and due diligence on the Portfolio  
None of the Arranger nor the Transaction Parties or any other person has undertaken or will undertake 
any investigations, searches or other actions to verify the information concerning the Transferred 
Receivables or to establish the creditworthiness of any Obligor or any other party to the Transaction 
Documents. Each such person will rely solely on the accuracy of the representations and warranties 
given by the Seller to the Issuer in the Master Receivables Transfer Agreement in respect of, among 
other things, the Transferred Receivables, the Obligors and the Finance Agreements. Security over the 
Issuer's rights under the Transferred Receivables will be granted by the Issuer in favour of the Security 
Trustee under the Deed of Charge. 
The Seller is under no obligation to, and will not, provide the Transaction Parties with financial or other 
information specific to individual Obligors and certain Finance Agreements to which the Transferred 
Receivables relate. Any such person will only be supplied with general information in relation to the 
aggregate of the Obligors and the Finance Agreements, none of which such person has taken steps to 
verify. Further, none of the Transaction Parties will have any right to inspect the internal records of the 
Seller. 
The Issuer is exposed to the credit risk of the Seller and the Servicer.  Should the Seller's and the 
Servicer’s credit quality deteriorate and/or should the Seller or the Servicer fail to take appropriate 
remedial action under the terms of the Master Receivables Transfer Agreement or the Servicing 
Agreement (as applicable), this may have an adverse effect on the value of the Transferred Receivables 
and on the ability of the Issuer to make payments under the Notes. 
4.4 The Note Trustee and Security Trustee are not obliged to act in certain circumstances/limited 
enforcement rights 
Following an Issuer Event of Default and the service of a Note Acceleration Notice in accordance with 
Condition 10 (Events of Default), the Security will become immediately enforceable (except where the 
Note Acceleration Notice has been served as a result of an Insolvency Event occurring solely due to the 
Issuer obtaining, or taking steps to obtain, a moratorium under the UK Insolvency Act 2000). The Note 
Trustee may, at its discretion, direct the Security Trustee to take action to enforce the Security. The 
Note Trustee shall not be obliged to enforce (or direct the Security Trustee to enforce) the Security 
unless directed by the holders of at least 25% in Note Principal Amount Outstanding of the Most Senior 
Class of Notes or if so directed by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Most Senior Class of Notes (subject 
to the Note Trustee and the Security Trustee being indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to its 
satisfaction).  
The Note Trustee may at any time, at its discretion and will do so subject in each case to the Note 
Trustee having been indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction if it has been 
directed in writing to do so by the (i) holders of at least 25% in Note Principal Amount Outstanding of

--- Page 28 ---
- 15 - 
the Most Senior Class of Notes or if so directed by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Most Senior Class 
of Notes at the relevant date and without notice and in such manner as it deems appropriate: 
(i) 
take such proceedings and/or other steps as it may deem appropriate against or with respect to 
the Issuer or any other person to enforce its obligations under the Trust Deed, the Transaction 
Documents and the Conditions (as applicable) and/or take any other proceedings (including 
lodging an appeal in any proceedings) with respect to or concerning the Issuer; 
(ii) 
exercise any of its rights under, or in connection with the Trust Deed or any other Transaction 
Document; and/or 
(iii) 
give any directions to the Security Trustee under or in connection with any Transaction 
Document. 
To the extent that the Note Trustee acts in accordance with such directions of the Most Senior Class of 
Notes, as described above, it will have no obligation to take the interests of any other party into account 
or to follow any direction given by any other party. 
In addition, Condition 11 (Enforcement and non-petition) limit the ability of the Noteholders to take 
individual action against the Issuer and no Secured Creditor will be entitled, until the expiry of one year 
and one day after the Legal Final Maturity Date, to petition or take any other step for the winding-up of 
the Issuer. 
In performing its duties as Note Trustee, the Note Trustee will have regard to the interests of the 
Noteholders as a class and will not take into account the consequences of the exercise or performance 
by it of its powers, trusts, authorities or discretions under the Trust Deed or any other Transaction 
Documents for individual Noteholders. 
The Note Trustee will have regard to the interests of the Noteholders equally as regards all powers, 
trusts, authorities, duties and discretions of the Note Trustee (except where expressly provided 
otherwise). Where, however, in the opinion of the Note Trustee, there is a conflict between the interests 
of the Noteholders of one Class of Notes and the Noteholders of any other Class(es) of Notes, the Note 
Trustee will (except as expressly provided otherwise in the Trust Deed) be required to have regard only 
to the holders of the Most Senior Class of Notes outstanding and will not have regard to any lower 
ranking Class of Notes, nor to the interests of the other Secured Creditors other than to apply the 
proceeds of any enforcement in accordance with the Post-Enforcement Period Priority of Payments.  
4.5 Ratings of the Notes 
The ratings assigned to the Class A Notes by the Rating Agencies take into consideration the structural 
and legal aspects associated with the Class A Notes, the terms of the Transaction Documents and the 
underlying Transferred Receivables, the credit quality of the Portfolio, the extent to which the Obligors' 
payments under the Transferred Receivables are sufficient to make the payments required under the 
Class A Notes as well as other relevant features of the structure, including, inter alia, the credit quality 
of the Account Bank and the Servicer. Each Rating Agency's rating reflects only the view of that Rating 
Agency. Further events, including events affecting the Account Bank and the Servicer, could have an 
adverse effect on the rating of the Notes. 
The ratings assigned to the Notes by Fitch and S&P address, among other matters: 
(a) 
the likelihood of full and timely payments of interest due to the holders of the Class A Notes; 
and 
(b) 
the likelihood of ultimate payment of principal to the holders of the Class A Notes in relation to 
the Class A Notes on or prior to the Legal Final Maturity Date. 
At any time, any Rating Agency may revise its relevant rating methodology with the result that, amongst 
other things, any rating assigned to the Class A Notes may be affected. In order for the Transaction

--- Page 29 ---
- 16 - 
Documents to comply with new rating methodologies, amendments may need to be made to the 
Transaction Documents and the consent of the Noteholders may, in certain circumstances only, be 
required to implement such amendments. Noteholders should note that, if the amendments required to 
comply with such new rating methodologies are not implemented, this may ultimately have an adverse 
impact on the ratings assigned by the relevant Rating Agency to the Class A Notes.  
Rating organisations other than the Rating Agencies may seek to rate the Class A Notes and, if such 
"shadow ratings" or "unsolicited ratings" are lower than the comparable ratings assigned to the Class A 
Notes by the Rating Agencies, such shadow or unsolicited ratings could have an adverse effect on the 
value of the Class A Notes. Future events, including events affecting the Account Bank, the Seller and 
the Servicer (if different) could also have an adverse effect on the rating of the Class A Notes. 
A rating in respect of certain securities is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold such securities and 
may be subject to revision or withdrawal at any time by the relevant rating organisation. The ratings 
assigned to the Class A Notes should be evaluated independently from similar ratings on other types of 
securities. There is no assurance that the ratings of the Class A Notes will continue for any period of 
time or that they will not be lowered, reviewed, suspended or withdrawn by the Rating Agencies. In 
addition, the continued rating of the Class A Notes will be, inter alia, dependent on the Issuer fulfilling 
its notification requirements to the relevant Rating Agencies. In the event that the ratings initially 
assigned to the Class A Notes by the Rating Agencies are subsequently withdrawn or lowered for any 
reason, no person or entity is obliged to provide any additional support or credit enhancement to the 
Notes. A qualification, downgrade or withdrawal of any of the ratings of the Class A Notes may impact 
on the value of the Notes.  
Investors regulated in the UK are restricted under the UK CRA Regulation from using credit ratings for 
regulatory purposes in the UK, unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating agency established in 
the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been withdrawn or 
suspended), subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances. The UK CRA 
Regulation may require, among other things, issuers or related third parties intending to solicit a credit 
rating of a structured finance instrument to appoint at least two credit rating agencies to provide credit 
ratings independently of each other. As such, UK regulated investors are required, for UK regulatory 
purposes, to use ratings issued by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under the 
UK CRA Regulation. In the case of ratings issued by third country non-UK credit rating agencies, third 
country credit ratings can either be: (a) endorsed by a UK registered credit rating agency; or (b) issued 
by a third country credit rating agency that is certified in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. Note 
this is subject, in each case, to (a) the relevant UK registration, certification or endorsement, as the case 
may be, not having been withdrawn or suspended, and (b) transitional provisions that apply in certain 
circumstances. In the case of third country ratings, for a certain limited period of time, transitional relief 
accommodates continued use for regulatory purposes in the UK, of existing pre-2021 ratings, provided 
the relevant conditions are satisfied. 
Additionally, the UK CRA Regulation requires certain additional disclosure to be made in respect of 
structured finance transactions. The credit ratings included or referred to in this Base Prospectus have 
been issued by Fitch and S&P, each of which is established in the UK and is registered under the UK 
CRA Regulation. 
European regulated investors are subject to similar restrictions under the EU CRA Regulation. Such 
general restriction will also apply in the case of credit ratings issued by third country non-EEA credit 
rating agencies, unless the relevant credit ratings are endorsed by an EEA-registered credit rating 
agency or the relevant third-country rating agency is certified in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation 
(and such endorsement action or certification, as the case may be, has not been withdrawn or 
suspended), subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances). 
The list of registered and certified rating agencies published by ESMA on its website in accordance with 
the EU CRA Regulation is not conclusive evidence of the status of the relevant rating agency included 
in such list, as there may be delays between certain supervisory measures being taken against a 
relevant rating agency and the publication of the updated ESMA list.

--- Page 30 ---
- 17 - 
The rating Fitch will assign to the Notes will be endorsed by Fitch Ratings Ireland Ltd, which is 
established in the EU and registered under the EU CRA Regulation. 
The rating S&P will assign to the Notes will be endorsed by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited, which 
is established in the EU and registered under the EU CRA Regulation. 
Each of Fitch Ratings Ireland Ltd and S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited is included in the list of credit 
rating agencies published by the European Securities and Markets Authority ("ESMA") on its website 
(at https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk) in accordance with the EU CRA 
Regulation. Such website and its contents do not form part of this Base Prospectus. 
If the status of the rating agency rating the Notes changes for the purposes of the EU CRA Regulation 
or the UK CRA Regulation, relevant regulated investors may no longer be able to use the rating for 
regulatory purposes in the EEA or the UK, as applicable, and the Notes may have a different regulatory 
treatment, which may impact the value of the Notes and their liquidity in the secondary market. Certain 
information with respect to the credit rating agencies and ratings is set out on the cover of this Base 
Prospectus. 
4.6 Meetings of Noteholders, modification and waivers 
The Notes contain provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders to consider matters affecting their 
interests generally. These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Noteholders including 
Noteholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting and Noteholders who voted in a manner 
contrary to the majority. A meeting of Noteholders may be held electronically rather than at a physical 
location in accordance with the procedures set out in Schedule 3 to the Trust Deed. 
The Notes and the Trust Deed also provide that the Note Trustee may agree, without the consent of the 
Noteholders, to certain modifications of the Notes and the Transaction Documents, or the waiver or 
authorisation of certain breaches or proposed breaches of, the Notes or any of the Transaction 
Documents. 
Pursuant to and in accordance with the detailed provisions of Condition 12(b) (Amendments and waiver), 
the Note Trustee shall be obliged, and shall direct the Security Trustee, without any consent of the 
Noteholders, to concur with the Issuer in making any modification (other than a Basic Terms 
Modification) to the Conditions and/or any Transaction Document or enter into any new, supplemental 
or additional documents for the purposes of (subject to being indemnified and/or secured and/or 
prefunded to its satisfaction): 
(a) 
complying with, or implementing or reflecting, any change in criteria of the Rating Agencies; 
(b) 
complying with any changes in the requirements of (i) Article 6 of the UK Securitisation 
Regulation or Article 6 of the EU Securitisation Regulation, or Section 15G of the Exchange Act, 
as added by section 941 of the Dodd-Frank Act, after the Initial Issue Date, including as a result 
of the adoption of additional regulatory technical standards in relation to the UK Securitisation 
Regulation or the EU Securitisation Regulation (including the applicable reporting requirements 
thereunder), (ii) Regulation (EU) 2017/2401 (which amends Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 on 
prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms) and/or the UK CRR, (iii) any 
other risk retention legislation or regulations or official guidance in relation thereto or (iv) and/or 
enabling the Issuer or the Seller to comply with an obligation in respect of the direct application 
of the requirements of the UK Securitisation Regulation and/or the indirect application of the EU 
Securitisation Regulation together with any relevant laws, regulations, technical standards, 
rules, other implementing legislation, official guidance or policy statements, in each case as 
amended, varied or substituted from time to time after the Initial Issue Date (including the 
appointment of a third party to assist with the Issuer’s reporting obligations in relation thereto); 
(c)  
enabling the Class A Notes to be or remain listed on Euronext Dublin; 
(d) 
enabling the Issuer or any other Transaction Party to comply with FATCA (or any voluntary

--- Page 31 ---
- 18 - 
agreement entered into with a Tax Authority in relation thereto); 
(e) 
opening additional accounts with an additional account bank or moving the Issuer Accounts to 
be held with an alternative account bank with the Required Ratings; 
(f) 
for so long as the Class A Notes are intended to be held in a manner which will allow for Bank 
of England eligibility, maintaining such eligibility; or 
(g) 
complying with any changes in the requirements of the UK CRA Regulation or the EU CRA 
Regulation. 
provided that, except for paragraphs (b), (d) and (e), (1) the Issuer shall provide written notice of the 
proposed modification to the Noteholders and (2) Noteholders holding or representing at least 10% of 
the Note Principal Amount Outstanding of the Most Senior Class of Notes outstanding have not 
contacted the Issuer or the Note Trustee notifying the Issuer or the Note Trustee that such Noteholders 
do not consent to the proposed modification. 
Each of the Issuer, the Note Trustee and the Security Trustee will rely without further investigation and 
without liability on any certification provided to it in connection with the transaction amendments and will 
not be required to monitor or investigate whether the Servicer or any other Transaction Party is acting 
in a commercially responsible manner or to consider the interests of the Noteholders or any other 
Secured Creditor, or be liable to any person by acting in accordance with any certification it receives 
from the Servicer or any other Transaction Party, irrespective of whether any such modification is or 
may be materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders or any other Secured Creditor. 
There can be no assurance that the effect of such modification to the Transaction Documents will not 
ultimately adversely affect the interests of the holders of one or all Class of Notes.

--- Page 32 ---
- 19 - 
5. COUNTERPARTY RISKS 
5.1 Conflicts of Interest 
Certain parties to the transaction may perform multiple roles, including RCI Financial Services Ltd, who 
will act as Seller and Servicer. 
The terms of the Transaction Documents do not prevent any of the parties to the Transaction Documents 
from rendering services similar to those provided for in the Transaction Documents to other persons, 
firms or companies or from carrying on any business similar to or in competition with the business of 
any of the parties to the Transaction Documents.  
Accordingly, conflicts of interest may exist or may arise as a result of parties to this transaction:  
(a) 
having previously engaged or in the future engaging in transactions with other parties to the 
transaction;  
(b) 
having multiple roles in this transaction; and/or  
(c) 
carrying out other transactions for third parties, 
and such parties may act in a manner that is not consistent with the interests of the Noteholders. 
In the event that any of the above parties were to fail to perform their obligations (including any failure 
to deliver reports that it is required to prepare) under the respective agreements to which they are a 
party (including any failure arising from circumstances beyond their control such as epidemics or 
pandemics), Noteholders may be adversely affected. 
5.2 Reliance on third parties 
The Issuer is party to contracts with a number of other third parties who have agreed to perform services 
in relation to the Transferred Receivables, the Notes.  Accordingly, the ability of the Issuer to meet its 
obligations under the Notes depends to a large extent upon the ability of the parties to the Transaction 
Documents to perform their contractual obligations.  
No assurance can be given as to the credit worthiness of the third parties referred to above or that their 
credit worthiness will not decline in the future. If any of the foregoing parties: (i) were to fail to perform 
their obligations under the respective agreement(s) to which they are a party; (ii) were to resign from 
their appointment; (iii) were to have its appointment under the agreement(s) to which they are a party 
terminated in accordance with the terms of the Transaction Documents (in each case without being 
replaced by a suitable replacement party that is able to perform such services, has at least the minimum 
required ratings and holds the required licences); or (iv) in the event of the insolvency of the Account 
Bank (or the Servicer Collection Account Bank), the collections on the Portfolio or the payments to the 
Noteholders may be disrupted or otherwise adversely affected, which, in turn, may negatively impact 
the value of, and ultimate return on, the Notes. Prospective investors should also be aware that third 
parties on which the Issuer relies may be adversely impacted by the general economic climate.  In 
particular, general economic factors may affect the administration, collection and enforcement of the 
Transferred Receivables by the Servicer in accordance with the Servicing Agreement. 
The Transaction Documents do not contain any restrictions on the ability of any third party providing 
services to the Issuer to change its business plan and/or strategy and/or access to other business lines 
or markets after the Initial Issue Date. Any changes to the business plan and/or strategy of a third party 
service provider could expose that third party to additional risks (including regulatory, operational and 
systems risk) which could have an adverse effect on the ability of the third party to provide services to 
the Issuer and consequently, could have an adverse effect on the Issuer's ability to perform its 
obligations under the Notes.
5.3 Risks relating to the Servicer

--- Page 33 ---
- 20 - 
The Servicer will be appointed by the Issuer to service the Transferred Receivables and enforce any 
rights in respect of the Transferred Receivables and the Finance Agreements.  Consequently, the timely 
payment of amounts due in respect of the Notes and the net cash flows from the Transferred 
Receivables may be affected by decisions made, actions taken and the collection procedures adopted 
by, the Servicer.  To address this risk, the terms of the Servicing Agreement provide that the Servicer 
shall perform its obligations under the Transaction Documents in good faith and with reasonable skill 
and care (i) in a manner consistent with policies, practices and procedures (the "Minimum Customary 
Procedures") generally followed by reputable and prudent finance providers in the United Kingdom in 
respect of receivables similar in nature and character to the Receivables ("comparable receivables") 
from time to time; and (ii) in a manner consistent with the Underwriting and Collection Procedures in 
force at such time if these are more rigorous than the Minimum Customary Procedures using that degree 
of skill and attention that the Servicer exercises with respect to comparable receivables that it owns 
beneficially and not discriminating its servicing and administration of Transferred Receivables relative 
to its servicing and administration of receivables beneficially owned by it. See "OVERVIEW OF THE 
PRINCIPAL TRANSACTION DOCUMENTS — Servicing Agreement" and "THE SELLER AND THE 
SERVICER".  
The Servicer will carry out the administration, collection and enforcement of the Transferred Receivables 
in accordance with the Servicer's Underwriting and Collection Procedures. Accordingly, the Noteholders 
are relying on the business judgment and practices of the Servicer as to the liquidation of the Transferred 
Receivables against the Obligors. See "OVERVIEW OF THE PRINCIPAL TRANSACTION 
DOCUMENTS — Servicing Agreement" and "THE SELLER AND THE SERVICER". 
In addition, the Servicer has undertaken in the Servicing Agreement that it will not modify the 
Underwriting and Collection Procedures in substance in a way that may lead to a deterioration of the 
performance of the Transferred Receivables or have a Material Adverse Effect and if it makes any 
amendments to the Underwriting and Collection Procedures and to the extent such changes are 
material, the Servicer shall as soon as practicable after such change notify the Issuer, the Security 
Trustee and the Rating Agencies. Any changes, additions and/or alternatives made to the Underwriting 
and Collection Procedures may only be made in accordance with the Servicer Standard of Care. 
Upon the occurrence of any Servicer Termination Event, the Issuer or, as the case may be, the Security 
Trustee will have the right to remove RCI Financial Services Ltd as Servicer in accordance with the 
Servicing Agreement. After the occurrence of a Servicer Termination Event, the Back-Up Servicer 
Facilitator will use best efforts to identify, on behalf of the Issuer, and assist the Issuer in the appointing 
of a suitable successor servicer in accordance with the Servicing Agreement (in this regard see further 
"OVERVIEW OF THE PRINCIPAL TRANSACTION DOCUMENTS — Servicing Agreement").  
The appointment of RCI Financial Services Ltd as Servicer under the Servicing Agreement may be 
terminated as a result of, among other circumstances, a default by it in performing its obligations under 
the Servicing Agreement and its insolvency. The appointment of RCI Financial Services Ltd as Servicer 
may not be terminated until a replacement servicer has assumed responsibility for the administration of 
the Transferred Receivables as contemplated by the Servicing Agreement. 
If the Servicer was to be terminated for any reason, there is no assurance that this would not have an 
adverse effect on the Issuer's ability to make payments under the Notes.

--- Page 34 ---
- 21 - 
6. LEGAL RISKS 
6.1 Security and insolvency considerations in respect of the Issuer 
The Issuer will enter into the Deed of Charge pursuant to which it will grant the Security in respect of 
certain of its obligations, including its obligations under the Notes (as to which, see "OVERVIEW OF 
THE PRINCIPAL TRANSACTION DOCUMENTS – Deed of Charge"). If certain insolvency proceedings 
are commenced in respect of the Issuer, the ability to realise the Security may be delayed and/or the 
value of the Security impaired. 
The Insolvency Act 1986 allows for the appointment of an administrative receiver in relation to certain 
transactions in the capital markets. Although there is as yet no case law on how these provisions will be 
interpreted, it should be applicable to the floating charge created by the Issuer and granted by way of 
security to the Security Trustee. However, this is partly a question of fact. The Secretary of State may, 
in any event and by secondary legislation, modify the exceptions to the prohibition on appointing an 
administrative receiver and/or provide that the exception shall cease to have effect. Were it not to be 
possible to appoint an administrative receiver in respect of the Issuer, the Issuer would be subject to 
administration if it became insolvent, which may lead to the ability to realise the Security being delayed 
and/or the value of the Security being impaired. In particular, it should be noted that significant changes 
to the UK insolvency regime have been enacted under the Corporate Insolvency and Governance Act 
2020 which received Royal Assent on 25 June 2020 and came into effect on 26 June 2020. The changes 
include, among other things: (i) the introduction of a new moratorium regime  that certain eligible 
companies can obtain which will prevent creditors taking certain action against the company for a 
specified period; (ii) a ban on operation of or exercise of "ipso facto clauses" preventing (subject to 
exemptions) termination, variation or exercise of other rights under a contract due to a counterparty 
entering into certain insolvency or restructuring procedures; and (iii) a new compromise or arrangement 
under Part 26A of the Companies Act 2006 (the "Restructuring Plan") that provides for ways of 
imposing a restructuring on creditors and/or shareholders without their consent (so-called cross-class 
cram-down procedure), subject to certain conditions being met and with a court adjudicating on the 
fairness of the restructuring proposal as a whole in determining whether or not to exercise its 
discretionary power to sanction the Restructuring Plan. While the Issuer is expected to be exempt from 
the application of the new moratorium regime and the ban on ipso facto clauses, there is no guidance 
on how the new legislation will be interpreted and the Secretary of State may by regulations modify the 
exceptions. For the purposes of the Restructuring Plan, it should also be noted that there are currently 
no exemptions, but the Secretary of State may by regulations provide for exclusion of certain companies 
providing financial services and the UK government has expressly provided for changes to the 
Restructuring Plan to be effected through secondary legislation, particularly in relation to the cross-class 
cram-down procedure. It is therefore possible that aspects of the legislation may change. While the 
transaction structure is designed to minimise the likelihood of the Issuer becoming insolvent, and/or 
subject to pre-insolvency restructuring proceedings, no assurance can be given that any modification of 
the exceptions from the application of the new insolvency reforms referred to above will not be 
detrimental to the interests of the Noteholders and there can be no assurance that the Issuer will not 
become insolvent and/or the subject of insolvency or pre-insolvency restructuring proceedings and/or 
that the Noteholders would not be adversely affected by the application of insolvency laws (including 
English insolvency laws or the laws affecting the creditors' rights generally). 
In addition, it should be noted that, to the extent that the assets of the Issuer are subject only to a floating 
charge (including any fixed charge recharacterised by the courts as a floating charge), in certain 
circumstances under the provisions of sections 174A, 176ZA and 176A of the Insolvency Act 1986, 
certain floating charge realisations which would otherwise be available to satisfy the claims of secured 
creditors under the Deed of Charge may be used to satisfy any expenses of the insolvency proceeding, 
claims of unsecured creditors or creditors who otherwise take priority over floating charge recoveries. 
While certain of the covenants given by the Issuer in the Transaction Documents are intended to ensure 
it has no significant creditors other than the secured creditors under the Deed of Charge, it will be a 
matter of fact as to whether the Issuer has any other such creditors at any time. There can be no 
assurance that the Noteholders will not be adversely affected by any such reduction in floating charge 
realisations upon the enforcement of the Security.

--- Page 35 ---
- 22 - 
6.2 Fixed charges may take effect under English law as floating charges 
Pursuant to the terms of the Deed of Charge, the Issuer has purported to grant fixed charges over, 
among other things, its interests in the Transferred Receivables and their Ancillary Rights, its rights and 
benefits in the Issuer Accounts from time to time. 
English law relating to the characterisation of fixed charges is unsettled. The fixed charges purported to 
be granted by the Issuer (other than by way of assignment in security) may take effect under English 
law as floating charges only if, for example, it is determined that the Security Trustee has not been 
provided sufficient control over the Charged Property (as defined in the Deed of Charge) (although it 
should be noted that there is no equivalent concept of recharacterisation of fixed security as floating 
security under Scots law). If the charges take effect as floating charges instead of fixed charges, then, 
as a matter of law, certain claims would have priority over the claims of the Security Trustee in respect 
of the floating charge assets. 
The interest of the Secured Creditors in property and assets over which there is a floating charge will 
rank behind the expenses of any administrator or liquidator and the claims of certain preferential 
creditors on enforcement of the Security. Section 251 of the Enterprise Act 2002 abolishes Crown 
Preference in relation to all insolvencies (and thus reduces the categories of preferential debts that are 
to be paid in priority to debts due to the holder of a floating charge) but Section 176A of the Insolvency 
Act 1986 requires a "prescribed part" (up to a maximum amount of £600,000, or £800,000 in relation to 
floating charges which come into existence on or after 6 April 2020) of the floating charge realisations 
available for distribution to be set aside to satisfy the claims of unsecured creditors'. In addition, HMRC 
has preferential status as a secondary preferential creditor in respect of certain taxes (e.g. VAT, PAYE, 
employee national insurance contributions, student loan deductions and construction industry scheme 
deductions). This means that the expenses of any administration, the claims of preferential creditors 
and the beneficiaries of the prescribed part will be paid out of the proceeds of enforcement of the floating 
charge ahead of amounts due to Noteholders. The prescribed part will not be relevant to property subject 
to a valid fixed security interest or to a situation in which there are no unsecured creditors. 
6.3 Liquidation expenses 
Prior to the House of Lords' decision in the case of Re Leyland Daf in 2004, the general position was 
that, in a liquidation of a company, the liquidation expenses ranked ahead of unsecured debts and 
floating chargees' claims. Re Leyland Daf reversed this position so that liquidation expenses could no 
longer be recouped out of assets subject to a floating charge. However, section 176ZA of the Insolvency 
Act 1986, which came into force on 6 April 2008, effectively reversed by statute the House of Lords' 
decision in Re Leyland Daf. As a result, it is now the case that the costs and expenses of a liquidation 
(including certain tax charges) will be payable out of floating charge assets in priority to the claims of 
the floating charge-holder. In respect of certain litigation expenses of the liquidator only, this is subject 
to the approval of the amount of such expenses by the floating charge-holder (or, in certain 
circumstances, the court) pursuant to rules 6.44 to 6.48 and 7.111 to 7.116 of the Insolvency (England 
& Wales) Rules 2016. In general, the reversal of Re Leyland Daf applies in respect of all liquidations 
commenced on or after 6 April 2008. 
Therefore, floating charge realisations upon the enforcement of the floating charge security to be granted 
by the Issuer would be reduced by the amount of all, or a significant proportion of, any liquidation 
expenses, which could adversely impact the ability to pay such realisations to Noteholders.

--- Page 36 ---
- 23 - 
7. REGULATORY AND MACRO-ECOMONIC RISKS RELATING TO THE NOTES 
7.1 General Market Volatility 
Concerns relating to credit risk (including that of sovereigns and of those entities which have exposure 
to sovereigns) persist, in particular with respect to current economic, monetary and political conditions 
in the Eurozone. If such conditions further deteriorate (including as may be demonstrated by any 
relevant credit rating agency action, any default or restructuring of indebtedness by one or more states 
or institutions and/or any exit(s) by any member state(s) from the European Union and/or any changes 
to, including any break up of, the Eurozone), then these matters may cause further severe stress in the 
financial system generally and/or may adversely affect the UK automobile market, the Issuer, one or 
more of the other parties to the Transaction Documents (including the Seller, the Servicer and/or the 
Account Bank) and/or any Obligor in respect of the Finance Agreements. 
On 31 December 2020 at 11pm ("IP Completion Time") the transition period agreed under the 
'Agreement on the withdrawal of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland from the 
European Union and the European Atomic Energy Community' (the "Withdrawal Agreement") ended. 
From IP Completion Time the UK ceased to be part of the European Economic Area and left the EU 
customs union and single market. The UK and EU/European Atomic Energy Community signed the 
'Trade and Cooperation Agreement' on 30 December 2020 (the "Trade and Cooperation Agreement") 
in order to govern the future relationship between the UK and the EU following IP Completion Time. The 
Trade and Cooperation Agreement covers trade in goods and services, establishes a framework for co-
operation as to citizen's security and a governance mechanism. The Trade and Cooperation Agreement 
is applicable in the UK from 1 January 2021 and provisionally applicable in the EU from 1 January 2021 
until ratification by the European Parliament. 
The Withdrawal Agreement (the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018, as amended by the European 
Union (Withdrawal Agreement) Act 2020 (as so amended, the "EUWA") together with secondary 
legislation enacted under powers provided in the EUWA ensures that the UK has a functioning statute 
book from IP Completion Time. The UK's financial services regulators, the Bank of England, PRA and 
FCA have been granted temporary transitional powers to delay or modify firms' regulatory obligations 
where they have changed as a result of a statutory instrument made under Section 8 of the EUWA. 
These modifications are temporary and there can be no assurance that such arrangements will continue 
to be available in the future.  
There are a number of areas of uncertainty in connection with the future of the UK and its relationship 
with the European Union and it is not currently possible to determine the impact that the UK's departure 
from the European Union and/or any related matters may have on general economic conditions in the 
UK, including the performance of the UK automobile market. It is also not possible to determine the 
precise impact that these matters will have on the business of the Issuer (including the performance of 
the Transferred Receivables), the Transaction Parties and/or any Obligor in respect of the underlying 
Finance Agreement, or on the regulatory position of any such entity or of the transactions contemplated 
by the Transaction Documents under EU regulation or more generally.  
Prospective investors should also note that the regulatory treatment, including the availability of any 
preferential regulatory treatment, of the Notes may be affected (as to which see "RISK FACTORS - 
REGULATORY AND MACRO-ECOMONIC RISKS RELATING TO THE NOTES –  Securitisation 
Regulations – Risk Retention and Due Diligence Requirements"). 
No assurance can be given that any of the matters outlined above would not adversely affect the ability 
of the Issuer to satisfy its obligations under the Notes and/or the market value and/or liquidity of the 
Notes in the secondary market. 
7.2 The Covid-19 Pandemic may affect liquidity of the Notes 
In December 2019, a novel strain of coronavirus ("Covid-19") was detected in Wuhan, China and, on 
11 March 2020, was declared a global pandemic by the World Health Organisation. Governments 
worldwide have implemented measures to contain the spread of the virus including domestic and

--- Page 37 ---
- 24 - 
international travel bans, quarantines and restrictions on public gathering and commercial activities. The 
effect of the Covid-19 pandemic (the "Covid-19 Pandemic") on the Issuer and/or any other Transaction 
Party is wide ranging and its impact is difficult to determine. In particular, the global economic slowdown 
resulting from the Covid-19 Pandemic has created disruptions and significant uncertainty in global 
financial markets and caused a significant reduction in liquidity in the secondary market for asset-backed 
securities. The lack of liquidity has resulted in a decrease in demand for asset-backed securities in the 
secondary market and caused the de-valuation of various assets in secondary markets. The effect of 
the Covid-19 Pandemic may adversely affect the ability of the Issuer to satisfy its obligations under the 
Notes and/or the market value and/or liquidity of the Notes in the secondary market. 
7.3 Absence of secondary market liquidity and market value of the Notes 
Although application will be made to Euronext Dublin for the Class A Notes to be listed on the official list 
and to be admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin, as at the Initial Issue Date, 
there will be no secondary market for the Class A Notes. There can be no assurance that a liquid 
secondary market for the Class A Notes will develop or if it develops, that it provides sufficient liquidity, 
or that it will continue for the whole life of the Notes. 
Further, limited liquidity in the secondary market for asset-backed securities has had a severe adverse 
effect on the market value of asset-backed securities and may continue to have a severe adverse effect 
on the market value of asset-backed securities, especially those securities that are more sensitive to 
prepayment, credit or interest rate risk and those securities that have been structured to meet the 
investment requirements of limited categories of investors. Consequently, any purchaser of the Class A 
Notes must be prepared to hold such Class A Notes for an indefinite period of time or until final 
redemption or maturity of such Class A Notes. The market values of the Class A Notes are likely to 
fluctuate. Any such fluctuation may be significant and could result in significant losses to investors in the 
Notes. In addition, the forced sale into the market of asset-backed securities held by structured 
investment vehicles, hedge funds, issuers of collateralised debt obligations and other similar entities 
that are currently experiencing funding difficulties could adversely affect an investor's ability to sell, 
and/or the price an investor receives for the Class A Notes in the secondary market. 
Consequently, any sale of the Class A Notes by the relevant Noteholders in any secondary market 
transaction may be at a discount to the original purchase price of such Class A Notes. Accordingly, 
investors should be prepared to remain invested in the Class A Notes until the Legal Final Maturity Date. 
7.4 Regulatory Treatment of the Notes  
In Europe, the U.S., and elsewhere, there is increased political and regulatory scrutiny of the asset-
backed securities industry. This has resulted in multiple measures for increased regulation which are at 
various stages of implementation and which may have an adverse impact on the regulatory position of 
certain investors in securitisation exposures and/or on the incentives for certain investors to hold asset-
backed securities, and may thereby affect the liquidity of such securities. 
Investors in the Notes are responsible for analysing their own regulatory position and should consult 
their own advisers in this respect. None of the Issuer, the Seller, the Arranger nor any other party to the 
Transaction Documents makes any representation to any prospective investor or purchaser of the Notes 
regarding the regulatory treatment of their investment on the Series of Notes issued on the Initial Issue 
Date, or at any time in the future. Any changes to the regulation or regulatory treatment of the Notes for 
some or all investors may negatively impact the regulatory position of individual investors and, in 
addition, have a negative impact on the price and liquidity of the Notes in the secondary market. 
7.5 Changes of law 
The underlying Finance Agreements, the structure of the Transaction Documents and the issue of the 
Notes, as well as the ratings which are to be assigned to the Notes, are based on English law and Scots 
law and United Kingdom tax, regulatory and administrative practice in effect as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus as they affect the parties to the Transaction and the Portfolio, and having due regard to the 
expected tax treatment of the Issuer under such law and practice. No assurance can be given as to the

--- Page 38 ---
- 25 - 
impact of any possible change to English law and Scots law and United Kingdom tax, regulatory or 
administrative practice after the date of this Base Prospectus. 
7.6 Basel Capital Accord and regulatory capital requirements 
The regulatory capital framework published by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision, or the 
"Basel Committee", in 2006, or the "Basel II framework" has not been fully implemented in all 
participating countries. The implementation of the framework in relevant jurisdictions may affect the risk-
weighting of the notes for investors who are or may become subject to capital adequacy requirements 
that follow the framework. 
For more details about the Basel Capital Accord and the regulatory capital requirements you should 
read "Some Important Considerations — Basel Capital Accord and regulatory capital requirements". 
The matters described in "Some Important Considerations — Basel Capital Accord and regulatory 
capital requirements" as well as the UK Securitisation Regulation (as described below) and any other 
changes to the regulation or regulatory treatment of the Notes for some or all investors may negatively 
impact the regulatory position of individual investors and, in addition, have a negative impact on the 
price and liquidity of the Notes in the secondary market.  
Investors should take their own advice and/or seek advice from their regulator on compliance with, and 
the application of, the provisions of such laws and regulations. 
7.7 UK Securitisation Regulation and EU Securitisation Regulation 
The EU Securitisation Regulation commenced application in general (subject to certain grandfathering) 
from 1 January 2019 and, from 9 April 2021, the EU Securitisation Regulation applies as amended by 
Regulation (EU) 2021/557. However, some legislative measures necessary for the full implementation 
of the new regime have not yet been finalised and compliance with certain requirements is subject to 
the application of transitional provisions. In addition, further amendments are expected to be introduced 
to the EU Securitisation Regulation regime as a result of its wider review on which the European 
Commission is required to report (with legislative proposals) by 1 January 2022. 
The EU Securitisation Regulation establishes certain common rules for all securitisations that fall within 
its scope (including a recast of pre-1 January 2019 risk retention and investor due diligence regimes).  
The EU Securitisation Regulation has direct effect in member states of the EU and is to be implemented 
in due course in other countries in the EEA.  
The UK Securitisation Regulation (which largely mirrors, with some amendments, the EU Securitisation 
Regulation) commenced application in the UK following the end of the transition period in the Brexit 
process at the start of 2021, subject to certain temporary transitional relief being available in certain 
areas.  
The UK Securitisation Regulation and/or the EU Securitisation Regulation requirements will apply to the 
Notes. As such, certain UK-regulated institutional investors or European-regulated institutional investors 
or which include credit institutions, investment firms, authorised alternative investment fund managers, 
insurance and reinsurance undertakings, certain undertakings for the collective investment of 
transferable securities ("UCITs") and certain regulated pension funds (institutions for occupational 
retirement provision), must comply under Article 5 of the UK Securitisation Regulation or Article 5 of the 
EU Securitisation Regulation (as applicable) with certain due diligence requirements prior to holding a 
securitisation position and on an ongoing basis while holding the position. Among other things, prior to 
holding a securitisation position, such institutional investors are required to verify under their respective 
UK or EU regime certain matters with respect to compliance of the relevant transaction parties with 
credit granting standards, risk retention and transparency requirements.  If the relevant UK- or 
European-regulated institutional investor elects to acquire or holds the Notes having failed to comply 
with one or more of these requirements, this may result in the imposition of a penal capital charge on 
the Notes for institutional investors subject to regulatory capital requirements or a requirement to take a

--- Page 39 ---
- 26 - 
corrective action, in the case of certain type of regulated fund investors. Aspects of the requirements of 
the UK Securitisation Regulation and the EU Securitisation Regulation and what is or will be required to 
demonstrate compliance to national regulators remain unclear and it should be noted that under the UK 
Securitisation Regulation regime, certain temporary transitional relief may be available until 31 March 
2022 for the purposes of compliance with the UK institutional investor due diligence requirements. 
Prospective investors should therefore make themselves aware of the requirements applicable to them 
and are required to independently assess and determine the sufficiency of the information described in 
this Base Prospectus generally for the purposes of complying with such due diligence requirements 
under the UK Securitisation Regulation or the EU Securitisation Regulation and any corresponding 
national measures which may be relevant, as applicable. 
For more details about the requirements under the UK Securitisation Regulation and the EU 
Securitisation Regulation, you should read "Some Important Considerations — Securitisation 
Regulations – Risk Retention and Due Diligence Requirements". 
7.8 Simple, transparent and standardised securitisations 
The UK Securitisation Regulation makes provision for a securitisation transaction to be designated a 
simple, transparent and standardised transaction (a "UK STS Securitisation"). In order to obtain this 
designation, a transaction is required to comply with the requirements set out in Articles 20, 21 and 22 
of the UK Securitisation Regulation (the "UK STS Criteria") and one of the originator or sponsor in 
relation to such transaction is required to file a UK STS Notification to the FCA confirming the compliance 
of the relevant transaction with the UK STS Criteria. No UK STS Notification will be filed in relation to 
the Notes issued under the Programme as at the Initial Issue Date and there is no intention that such a 
notification will be filed at any point during the life of the Transaction. 
The EU Securitisation Regulation makes provision for a securitisation transaction to be designated a 
simple, transparent and standardised transaction (an "EU STS Securitisation"). In order to obtain this 
designation, a transaction is required to comply with the requirements set out in Articles 20, 21 and 22 
of the EU Securitisation Regulation (the "EU STS Criteria") and one of the originator or sponsor in 
relation to such transaction is required to file a EU STS Notification to ESMA confirming the compliance 
of the relevant transaction with the EU STS Criteria. No EU STS Notification will be filed in relation to 
the Notes as at the Initial Issue Date and there is no intention that such a notification will be filed at any 
point during the life of the Notes. 
Investors should consider the consequences from a regulatory perspective of the Notes not being 
considered a UK STS Securitisation or an EU STS Securitisation, including (but not limited to) that the 
lack of any such designation may negatively affect the regulatory position of the Notes and, in addition, 
have a negative effect on the price and liquidity of the Notes in the secondary market. 
7.9 FCA review of the motor finance sector
The FCA has been looking at the motor finance market to develop its understanding of the relevant 
products and how they are sold, and to assess whether the products cause harm to consumers and if 
the market is functioning as well as it could. The FCA published its final findings in March 2019. In 
particular, the FCA found that commission models allowing broker discretion on interest rates have the 
potential for significant customer harm in terms of higher interest charges. The FCA refers in particular 
to Increasing Difference in Charges (DiC) and Reducing Difference in Charges commission models, 
which 'can provide strong incentives' for brokers to arrange finance at higher interest rates. With DiC 
models, brokers are paid a fee which is linked to the interest rate payable by the customer. The contract 
between the lender and broker sets a minimum (for Increasing DiC) or maximum (for Decreasing DiC) 
interest rate and the fee is a proportion of the difference in interest charges between the actual interest 
rate and the minimum/maximum interest rate. On 15 October 2019, the FCA published a consultation 
paper (CP 19/28) proposing a ban on motor finance discretionary commission models where the amount 
of the commission is linked to the interest rate the customer pays and which the dealer or broker has 
the power to set. This includes Increasing DiC and Reducing DiC models, as well as scaled commission 
models. Such a prohibition aims to address consumer harm by removing the financial incentive for

--- Page 40 ---
- 27 - 
brokers or dealers to increase a customer's  interest rate. The FCA has also prepared draft amendments 
to its rules and guidance on commission disclosure to customers. The FCA confirmed its final rule 
changes and new rules introducing a ban on discretionary commission models, which took effect on 28 
January 2021. The FCA has also introduced new disclosure rules and relating to commission paid by 
customers which also take effect from this date. In addition, the FCA published a "Dear CEO" letter on 
20 January 2020 entitled "Portfolio Strategy: Motor Finance Providers" setting out its supervisory 
strategy for the period to August 2021. 
No assurance can be given that changes will not be made to the regulatory regime and developments 
described above in respect of the vehicle finance market in the United Kingdom generally, the Seller's 
particular sector in that market or specifically in relation to the Seller, whether arising from the FCA 
review into the motor finance industry or otherwise. These new rules will need to be implemented by 
firms which is likely to mean additional compliance measures will need to be introduced. Additionally, 
this may have a Material Adverse Effect on the Seller, the Issuer and/or the Servicer and their respective 
businesses and operations and may in turn adversely affect the Issuer's ability to make payments in full 
when due on the Notes. 
7.10 Risks relating to other current and future regulatory developments 
On 17 November 2020, the Debt Respite Scheme (Breathing Space Moratorium and Mental Health 
Crisis Moratorium) (England and Wales) Regulations 2020 (the "Breathing Space Regulations") were 
made which will implement a new breathing space scheme from 4 May 2021. The scheme will allow 
individuals in England and Wales struggling with problem debt an extra 60 days to get their finances 
under control, while they receive debt advice via professional debt advice providers in order to enter an 
appropriate debt solution. The scheme also provides for an alternative means to access the protections 
of a moratorium where individuals are receiving mental health crisis treatment, which will enable the 
protections to be in place for the duration of their crisis treatment. No interest and fees on debts can be 
charged and almost all enforcement action will be paused during the moratorium period. However 
individuals would not be protected from enforcement action on any debts arising from failure to pay 
ongoing household liabilities, such as rent or mortgage payments. The breathing space will include 
almost all personal debts and therefore the Seller will be required to implement the requirements of the 
scheme for customers that meet the eligibility criteria for entry into the scheme, therefore this could 
result in adverse consequences for Noteholders' investment in the Notes including reduced or delayed 
payments on the Notes or a reduction in the credit quality or credit rating of the Notes. 
On 24 December 2020, the Government published guidance to provide support to creditors and debt 
advisors in understanding the Breathing Space Regulations. On 26 February 2021 the FCA published 
a policy statement (PS 21/2) outlining changes to the FCA Handbook as a result of the Breathing Space 
Regulations. The changes amend certain parts of CONC to clarify how the rules will apply where the 
Breathing Space Regulations also apply.  
The Consumer Credit (Enforcement, Default and Termination Notices) (Coronavirus) (Amendment) 
Regulations 2020 came into force on 2 December 2020 implementing changes to the default notices 
required by sections 87 and 88 of the CCA. These changes restrict the amount of information that must 
be made prominent and require the use of bold or underlined text rather than capital letters in the default 
notices. Owners will also be able to replace legal terms with more widely understood words. The Seller 
is required to make the changes within six months to ensure the default notice remains valid under 
sections 87 and 88 of the CCA. 
In the context of consumer credit regulation, there are a significant number of complex regulations 
applied by the FCA. It should be noted that the regulations themselves, related laws and regulatory 
practice are all liable to change during the life of the Notes. The nature of such changes and the ultimate 
impact is difficult to predict and therefore there is no certainty of the impact which any regulatory change 
could have with regards to the performance of the assets which may ultimately have an adverse impact 
on the Issuer's ability to make timely payments on the Notes.

--- Page 41 ---
- 28 - 
Regulation of consumer credit agreements and related matters is subject to regular legislative 
intervention. No assurance can be given that changes will not be made to the regulatory regime in 
respect of the consumer credit market in the United Kingdom generally, RCI Financial Services Ltd’s 
particular sector in that market or specifically in relation to RCI Financial Services Ltd. In particular, no 
assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible change to the law (including any change in 
regulation which may occur without a change in primary legislation) or administrative practice after the 
date of this Base Prospectus nor can any assurance be given that any such change will not result in 
adverse consequences such as a loss on, or early redemption of, the Notes 
7.11 U.S. Risk Retention 
Section 941 of the Dodd-Frank Act amended the Exchange Act to generally require the "sponsor" of a 
"securitization transaction" to retain at least 5% of the "credit risk" of "securitized assets", as such terms 
are defined for purposes of that statute, and generally prohibit a sponsor from directly or indirectly 
eliminating or reducing its credit exposure by hedging or otherwise transferring the credit risk that the 
sponsor is required to retain. The U.S. Risk Retention Rules came into effect on 24 December 2016 
with respect to all classes of asset-backed securitizations. The U.S. Risk Retention Rules provide that 
the securitizer of an asset-backed securitization is its sponsor. The U.S. Risk Retention Rules also 
provide for certain exemptions from the risk retention obligations that they generally impose. 
The Class B Notes will not be offered or sold in the United States or to U.S. Persons. 
The Class A Notes may not at any time be purchased by any person except for persons that are not 
Risk Retention U.S. Persons (as defined below). 
The Seller, as the sponsor under the U.S. Risk Retention Rules, does not intend to retain at least 5 per 
cent. of the credit risk of the securitized assets for the purposes of compliance with the U.S. Risk 
Retention Rules, but rather will rely on an exemption provided for in Section 20 of the U.S. Risk Retention 
Rules regarding non-U.S. transactions. To qualify for the exception, non-U.S. transactions must meet 
certain requirements, including that (1) the transaction is not required to be and is not registered under 
the Securities Act; (2) no more than 10% of the dollar value (or equivalent amount in the currency in 
which the securities are issued) of all classes of securities issued in the securitisation transaction are 
sold or transferred to U.S. persons (in each case, as defined in the U.S. Risk Retention Rules) or for the 
account or benefit of U.S. persons (as defined in the U.S. Risk Retention Rules and referred to in this 
Base Prospectus as "Risk Retention U.S. Persons"); (3) neither the sponsor nor the issuer of the 
securitisation transaction is organised under U.S. law or is a branch located in the United States of a 
non-U.S. entity; and (4) no more than 25% of the underlying collateral was acquired from a majority-
owned affiliate or branch of the sponsor or issuer organised or located in the United States. 
Prospective investors should note that the definition of "U.S. person" in the U.S. Risk Retention Rules 
is similar to, but not identical to, the definition of "U.S. person" in Regulation S and that persons who are 
not "U.S. persons" under Regulation S may be "U.S. persons" under the U.S. Risk Retention Rules. 
The definition of U.S. person in the U.S. Risk Retention Rules is excerpted below. Particular attention 
should be paid to clauses (b) and (h), which are different to comparable provisions from Regulation S. 
Under the U.S. Risk Retention Rules, and subject to limited exceptions, "U.S. person" means any of the 
following: 
(a) 
Any natural person resident in the United States; 
(b) 
Any partnership, corporation,  limited liability company, or other organisation or entity organised 
or incorporated under the laws of any State or of the United States;2
(c) 
Any estate of which any executor or administrator is a U.S. person (as defined under any other 
clause of this definition); 
2
The comparable provision from Regulation S is "(ii) any Partnership or corporation organised or incorporated under the 
laws of the United States".

--- Page 42 ---
- 29 - 
(d) 
Any trust of which any trustee is a U.S. person (as defined under any other clause of this 
definition); 
(e) 
Any agency or branch of a foreign entity located in the United States; 
(f) 
Any non-discretionary account or similar account (other than an estate or trust) held by a dealer 
or other fiduciary for the benefit or account of a U.S. person (as defined under any other clause 
of this definition); 
(g) 
Any discretionary account or similar account (other than an estate or trust) held by a dealer or 
other fiduciary organised, incorporated, or (if an individual) resident in the United States; and 
(h) 
Any partnership, corporation, limited liability company, or other organisation or entity if: 
(i) 
Organised or incorporated under the laws of any foreign jurisdiction; and 
(ii) 
Formed by a U.S. person (as defined under any other clause of this definition) 
principally for the purpose of investing in securities not registered under the Securities 
Act.3
There can be no assurance that the exemption provided for in Section __.20 of the U.S. Risk Retention 
Rules regarding non-U.S. transactions will be available. Failure of the offering of the Class A Notes to 
comply with the U.S. Risk Retention Rules (regardless of the reason for such failure to comply) could 
give rise to regulatory action which may adversely affect the Class A Notes. Furthermore, the impact of 
the U.S. Risk Retention Rules on the securitisation market generally is uncertain, and a failure by a 
transaction to comply with the risk retention requirements of the U.S. Risk Retention Rules could 
negatively affect the market value and secondary market liquidity of the Class A Notes. 
None of the Seller or the Arranger or any of their respective affiliates makes any representation to any 
prospective investor or purchaser of the Class A Notes as to whether the transactions described in this 
Base Prospectus comply as a matter of fact with the U.S. Risk Retention Rules on the Initial Issue Date 
or at any time in the future. Prospective investors should consult their own advisors as to the U.S. Risk 
Retention Rules. No predictions can be made as to the precise effects of such matters on any investor 
or otherwise. 
3
The comparable provision from Regulation S "(vii)(B) formed by a U S person principally for the purpose of investing in 
securities not registered under the Securities Act) unless it is organised or incorporated, and owned, by accredited 
investors (as defined in 17 CFR 230.501(a)) who are not natural persons estates or trusts".

--- Page 43 ---
- 30 - 
8. RISKS RELATING TO TAXATION 
8.1 Taxation 
The Issuer will not provide for gross-up of payments in the event that the payments on the Notes become 
subject to withholding taxes.  
In the event that the Seller, Servicer and/or Cash Manager is required by law (or under FATCA) to 
withhold or deduct an amount from or on account of taxes from a payment made by it to the Issuer, 
investors in the Notes may suffer a loss as the Issuer may not then have sufficient funds to make 
payments of interest and/or principal on the Notes. 
For more details about the tax status of the Notes and FATCA, you should read "Taxation". 
8.2 UK Taxation Position of the Issuer 
The Issuer has been advised that it should fall within the permanent regime for the taxation of 
securitisation companies (as introduced by the TSC Regulations). If the TSC Regulations apply to a 
company, then, broadly, it will be subject to corporation tax on the cash profit retained by it for each 
accounting period in accordance with the transaction documents.
Investors should note, however, that the TSC Regulations are in short-form and are supplemented by, 
and advisors rely significantly upon, guidance from HMRC when advising on the scope and operation 
of the TSC Regulations including whether any particular company falls within the regime. 
Prospective Noteholders should note that if the Issuer does not fall to be taxed under the regime 
provided for by the TSC Regulations then its profits or losses for tax purposes might be different from 
the cash profit retained by it in accordance with the Transaction Documents.  
Any unforeseen taxable profits in the Issuer could have an adverse effect on its ability to make payments 
to the Noteholders. 
9. RISKS RELATING TO THE CHARACTERISTICS OF THE NOTES 
9.1 Bank of England Eligibility 
Certain investors in the Class A Notes may wish to consider the use of the Class A Notes as eligible 
securities for the purposes of the Bank of England's Discount Window Facility ("DWF"), the Indexed 
Long-Term Repo ("ILTR") scheme or other liquidity schemes offered by the Bank of England from time 
to time. Recognition of the Class A Notes as eligible securities for the purposes of the DWF or the ILTR 
will depend upon satisfaction of the eligibility criteria as specified by the Bank of England. If the Class A 
Notes do not satisfy the criteria specified by the Bank of England, there is a risk that the Class A Notes 
will not be eligible DWF or ILTR collateral. None of the Issuer or the Arranger or any other party gives 
any representation, warranty, confirmation or guarantee to any investor in the Class A Notes that the 
Class A Notes will, either upon issue, or at any or all times during their life, satisfy all or any requirements 
for the DWF or the ILTR and be recognised as eligible DWF or ILTR collateral. Any potential investor in 
the Class A Notes should make its own determinations and seek its own advice with respect to whether 
or not the Class A Notes constitute eligible DWF or ILTR collateral. 
9.2 Eurosystem Eligibility 
The Notes are not currently Eurosystem eligible.  However, the Class A Notes are intended to be held 
in a manner which would allow Eurosystem eligibility.  This means that the Class A Notes are intended 
upon issue to be deposited with one of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as Common Safekeeper, 
but does not necessarily mean that the Class A Notes in the future will be recognised as eligible collateral 
for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem ("Eurosystem 
eligible collateral") at any or all times during their life.  Such recognition will depend upon such 
satisfaction of all of the other Eurosystem eligibility criteria.  It is expected that the Class B will not satisfy 
the Eurosystem eligibility criteria. The Issuer gives no representation, warranty, confirmation or

--- Page 44 ---
- 31 - 
guarantee to any investor in the Class A Notes that the Class A Notes will at any time in the future satisfy 
all or any of the requirements for Eurosystem eligibility and be recognised as Eurosystem eligible 
collateral.  Any potential investor in the Class A Notes should make their own conclusions and seek their 
own advice with respect to whether or not the Class A Notes constitute Eurosystem eligible collateral 
for the purposes of any of the central bank liquidity schemes, including whether and how such eligibility 
may be impacted by the UK withdrawal from the EU and the UK no longer being part of the EEA. 
9.3 The minimum denomination of the Notes may adversely affect payments on the Notes if 
issued in definitive form 
The Notes have a denomination consisting of a minimum authorised denomination of £100,000 and 
integral multiples of £1,000 in excess thereof. Accordingly, it is possible that the Notes may be traded 
in amounts in excess of the minimum authorised denomination that are not integral multiples of such 
denomination. In such a case, if Definitive Notes are required to be issued, a Noteholder who holds a 
principal amount less than the minimum authorised denomination at the relevant time may not receive 
a Definitive Note in respect of such holding and may need to purchase a principal amount of Notes such 
that their holding amounts to the minimum authorised denomination (or another relevant denomination 
amount). 
If Definitive Notes are issued, Noteholders should be aware that Definitive Notes which have a 
denomination that is not an integral multiple of the minimum authorised denomination may be illiquid 
and difficult to trade. 
The Issuer believes that the risks described above are the principal risks for the Noteholders but 
the inability of the Issuer to pay interest and principal on the Notes may occur for other reasons.

--- Page 45 ---
- 32 - 
DIAGRAMMATIC OVERVIEW 
These structure diagrams of Transaction are qualified in its entirety by reference to the more detailed information appearing elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. 
DIAGRAMMATIC OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME

--- Page 46 ---
- 33 - 
DIAGRAMMATIC OVERVIEW OF ON-GOING CASH FLOWS

--- Page 47 ---
- 34 - 
DIAGRAMMATIC OVERVIEW OF THE OWNERSHIP OF THE ISSUER 
SHARE TRUSTEE 
(Intertrust Corporate Services Limited) 
100% of shares
held on trust for
discretionary
purposes
HOLDINGS 
(Cars Alliance UK Master Holdings 
Limited) 
100% beneficial
ownership
ISSUER 
(Cars Alliance UK Master Plc) 
The above diagram illustrates the ownership structure of the Issuer and Holdings, as follows: 
 
The Issuer is a wholly owned subsidiary of Holdings in respect of its beneficial ownership. 
 
The entire issued share capital of Holdings is held on trust by the Share Trustee under the 
terms of a trust the benefit of which is expressed to be for discretionary purposes. 
 
None of the Issuer, Holdings or the Share Trustee is either owned, controlled, managed, 
directed or instructed, whether directly or indirectly, by the Seller or any member of the group 
of companies containing the Seller.

--- Page 48 ---
- 35 - 
TRANSACTION PARTIES ON THE INITIAL ISSUE DATE 
Party 
Name 
Address 
Document 
under 
which 
appointed/Further 
Information
Issuer 
Cars Alliance UK Master 
Plc 
1 
Bartholomew 
Lane, 
London, 
EC2N 2AX, United 
Kingdom  
N/A. See the section 
entitled 
"THE 
ISSUER" for further 
information. 
Holdings 
Cars Alliance UK Master 
Holdings Limited 
1 Bartholomew 
Lane, London, 
EC2N 2AX, United 
Kingdom  
N/A. See the section 
entitled "HOLDINGS" 
for 
further 
information. 
Seller 
RCI Financial Services 
Ltd 
Rivers Office Park 
Denham Way 
Rickmansworth 
WD3 9YS 
United Kingdom 
N/A. See the section 
entitled 
"THE 
SELLER AND THE 
SERVICER" 
for 
further information. 
Servicer 
RCI Financial Services 
Ltd 
Rivers Office Park 
Denham Way 
Rickmansworth 
WD3 9YS 
United Kingdom 
Servicing Agreement 
by the Issuer. See 
the section entitled 
"OVERVIEW 
OF 
THE 
PRINCIPAL 
TRANSACTION 
DOCUMENTS 
–
Servicing 
Agreement" 
for 
further information. 
Back-Up 
Servicer 
Facilitator  
Intertrust Management 
Limited  
1 
Bartholomew 
Lane, 
London, 
EC2N 2AX, United 
Kingdom  
Servicing Agreement 
by the Issuer. See 
the section entitled 
"OVERVIEW 
OF 
THE 
PRINCIPAL 
TRANSACTION 
DOCUMENTS 
–
Servicing 
Agreement" 
for 
further information. 
Subordinated Lender 
RCI Financial Services 
Ltd 
Rivers Office Park 
Denham Way 
Rickmansworth 
WD3 9YS 
United Kingdom 
Servicing Agreement 
by the Issuer. See 
the section entitled 
"OVERVIEW 
OF 
THE 
PRINCIPAL 
TRANSACTION 
DOCUMENTS 
–
Subordinated 
Loan 
Agreement" 
for 
further information. 
Cash Manager 
Eurotitrisation S.A. 
12 rue James 
Watt, 93200 Saint-
Denis, France 
Cash 
Management 
Agreement by the 
Issuer. 
See 
the 
section 
entitled 
"OVERVIEW 
OF 
THE 
PRINCIPAL

--- Page 49 ---
- 36 - 
Party 
Name 
Address 
Document 
under 
which 
appointed/Further 
Information
TRANSACTION 
DOCUMENTS 
– 
Cash 
Management 
Agreement" 
for 
further information. 
Account Bank 
Lloyds Bank plc 
25 Gresham 
Street, London, 
EC2V 7HN 
United Kingdom 
Bank 
Account 
Agreement by the 
Issuer. 
See 
the 
section 
entitled 
"OVERVIEW 
OF 
THE 
PRINCIPAL 
TRANSACTION 
DOCUMENTS 
– 
Bank 
Account 
Agreement" 
for 
further information. 
Note Trustee  
HSBC Corporate Trustee 
Company (UK) Limited 
8 Canada Square, 
London, E14 5HQ 
United Kingdom 
Trust Deed. See the 
section 
entitled 
"OVERVIEW 
OF 
THE 
PRINCIPAL 
TRANSACTION 
DOCUMENTS 
– 
Trust 
Deed" 
for 
further information. 
Security Trustee 
HSBC Corporate Trustee 
Company (UK) Limited 
8 Canada Square, 
London, E14 5HQ 
United Kingdom 
Deed of Charge. See 
the section entitled 
"OVERVIEW 
OF 
THE 
PRINCIPAL 
TRANSACTION 
DOCUMENTS 
–
Deed of Charge" for 
further information. 
Paying Agent 
HSBC Bank plc 
8 Canada Square, 
London, E14 5HQ 
United Kingdom 
Agency 
Agreement 
by the Issuer. See 
the section entitled 
"OVERVIEW 
OF 
THE 
PRINCIPAL 
TRANSACTION 
DOCUMENTS 
–
Agency Agreement" 
for 
further 
information. 
Registrar 
HSBC Bank plc 
8 Canada Square, 
London, E14 5HQ 
United Kingdom 
Agency 
Agreement 
by the Issuer. See 
the section entitled 
"OVERVIEW 
OF 
THE 
PRINCIPAL 
TRANSACTION 
DOCUMENTS 
–
Agency Agreement" 
for 
further 
information.

--- Page 50 ---
- 37 - 
Party 
Name 
Address 
Document 
under 
which 
appointed/Further 
Information
Corporate Services 
Provider 
Intertrust Management 
Limited  
1 Bartholomew 
Lane, London, 
EC2N 2AX, United 
Kingdom  
Corporate 
Services 
Agreement by the 
Issuer. 
See 
the 
section 
entitled 
"OVERVIEW 
OF 
THE 
PRINCIPAL 
TRANSACTION 
DOCUMENTS 
–
Corporate 
Services 
Agreement" 
for 
further information. 
Servicer 
Collection 
Account Bank 
National Westminster 
Bank plc 
250 Bishopsgate, 
London, 
EC2M 
4AA 
Servicer 
Collection 
Account Declaration 
of 
Trust 
(as 
supplemented). See 
the section entitled 
"OVERVIEW 
OF 
THE 
PRINCIPAL 
TRANSACTION 
DOCUMENTS 
– 
Servicer 
Collection 
Account Declaration 
of Trust" for further 
information.  
Arranger 
HSBC Bank plc 
 8 
Canada 
Square, 
London 
E14 5HQ 
United Kingdom 
Note 
Purchase 
Agreement. See the 
section 
entitled 
"SUBSCRIPTION 
AND 
SALE" 
for 
further information. 
Irish Listing Agent  
McCann FitzGerald 
Listing Services Limited 
Riverside One 
Sir 
John 
Rogerson's Quay 
Dublin 2, Ireland 
N/A 
Clearing Systems 
Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and 
Euroclear 
Euroclear: 
1, 
Boulevard du Roi 
Albert 
II 
1201 
Brussels Belgium 
Clearstream: 
42 
av. J.F. Kennedy 
1855 Luxembourg 
N/A 
Rating Agencies 
Fitch and S&P 
N/A

--- Page 51 ---
- 38 - 
PORTFOLIO AND SERVICING 
Please refer to the sections entitled "DESCRIPTION OF THE PORTFOLIO", "OVERVIEW OF THE 
PRINCIPAL TRANSACTION DOCUMENTS – Master Receivables Transfer Agreement" and 
"OVERVIEW OF THE PRINCIPAL TRANSACTION DOCUMENTS – Servicing Agreement" for further 
information. For reference to the definitions of capitalised terms appearing in this Base Prospectus, see 
"GLOSSARY OF TERMS". 
Sale of Portfolio 
The Portfolio will consist of (i) the Receivables and their related Ancillary Rights 
and the related Vehicle Sale Proceeds Receivables which will be sold by the 
Seller to the Issuer on the Initial Issue Date and (ii) any additional Eligible 
Receivables and their related Ancillary Rights which may be sold by the Seller 
to the Issuer on any Transfer Date during the Revolving Period pursuant to the 
Master Receivables Transfer Agreement. 
The Receivables will consist of Sterling-denominated monetary obligations of 
the Obligors arising from Finance Agreements, being HP Agreements and PCP 
Agreements entered into by the Seller and Obligors, pursuant to which the 
Seller has granted fixed term financing to Obligors for the purpose of financing 
the purchase of Vehicles, after the relevant Cut-Off Date. 
The Vehicle Sale Proceeds Receivables will consist of, in relation to any 
Redelivered Vehicle and any Repossessed Vehicle, the right of the Seller to 
receive the Vehicle Sale Proceeds arising from the sale of such related 
Redelivered Vehicle or Repossessed Vehicle to a third party. 
The Receivables are governed by English law, Scots Law or Northern Irish Law. 
On the Initial Issue Date and any Transfer Date, as applicable, the Seller will 
transfer Receivables and the related Vehicle Sale Proceeds to the Issuer 
pursuant to the Master Receivables Transfer Agreement which (i) satisfy the 
Receivables Eligibility Criteria, (ii) arise from a Finance Agreement with an 
Obligor that meets the Obligor Eligibility Criteria and (iii) comply with the 
Representations and Warranties given by the Seller in respect of the 
Receivables and (where applicable) the related Vehicle Sale Proceeds 
Receivables at the relevant Cut-Off Date.  
The sale of Receivables to the Issuer will be subject to certain conditions as at 
the Initial Issue Date or the relevant Transfer Date (as applicable). These 
conditions include that the representations and warranties of the Seller under 
the Master Receivables Transfer Agreement are true and correct as at the Initial 
Issue Date or the relevant Transfer Date, as applicable, including that all 
information given in respect of such Receivable (in particular the information 
contained in the Initial Issue Date Receivables Offer IT File or the Additional 
Receivables Offer IT File, as applicable) is true and correct as of the relevant 
Cut-Off Date. 
Features 
of 
Transferred 
Receivables
The following is a summary of certain features of the Transferred Receivables 
comprised within the Portfolio as at the Initial Cut-Off Date. Investors should 
refer to, and carefully consider, the further details in respect of the Transferred 
Receivables set out in "PORTFOLIO CHARACTERISTICS AND HISTORICAL 
DATA".

--- Page 52 ---
- 39 - 
Portfolio as at the Initial Cut-Off Date 
Hire 
Purchase 
Personal 
Contract 
Purchase 
All Contracts 
Total 
Total 
New 
Used 
Total 
Aggregate Principal Outstanding Balance 
£101,325,722
£940,341,278
£772,113,455
£269,553,545
£1,041,667,000
Number of Loans 
19,329 
84,033 
66,748 
36,614 
103,362 
Arithmetic Average Loan Balance 
£5,242 
£11,190 
£11,568 
£7,362 
£10,078 
Balloon Payments 
£0.00 
£560,368,409
£438,269,798
£122,098,611
£560,368,409 
Weighted Average Original Term  
to Maturity (mths) 
51 
46 
47 
47 
47 
Weighted Average Remaining Term 
 to Maturity (mths) 
33 
28 
28 
29 
28 
Weighted Average Seasoning (mths) 
18 
18 
19 
17 
18 
Weighted Average Discount Rate (%) 
8.0% 
6.9% 
6.2% 
9.4% 
7.01 
Purchase Price 
The Purchase Price will be payable by the Issuer to the Seller in respect of the  
Receivables comprised in the Portfolio. The Purchase Price in relation to the 
Transferred Receivables purchased with effect as of the Initial Issue Date or 
any Transfer Date will be the Initial Purchase Price plus the Deferred Purchase 
Price in relation to such Transferred Receivables. See the section entitled 
"OVERVIEW OF THE PRINCIPAL TRANSACTION DOCUMENTS — Master 
Receivables Transfer Agreement" for more information.  
The Issuer will be entitled to all Collections (other than any amounts relating to 
Excluded Proceeds) in respect of the relevant Transferred Receivables 
received by the Seller on or after the relevant Cut-Off Date up to the Initial Issue 
Date or relevant Transfer Date. 
Perfection Events 
The sale and assignment of each Transferred Receivable in accordance with 
the terms of the Master Receivables Transfer Agreement will take effect in 
equity only under English law because the Obligors will not be notified of the 
assignment unless a Perfection Event occurs.  
Transfer of the legal title to the relevant Transferred Receivables will be 
completed on the occurrence of a Perfection Event. See "Perfection Event" in 
the section entitled "Triggers Tables – Non-rating Triggers Table". 
Prior to the completion of the transfer of legal title to the relevant Transferred 
Receivables, the Issuer will hold only the equitable title to those Transferred 
Receivables and will therefore be subject to certain risks as set out in the 
section "RISK FACTORS – Risks relating to the Notes and the structure – 
Equitable assignment". 
Representations 
and Warranties
The Seller will make certain representations and warranties regarding the 
Receivables and the related Vehicle Sale Proceeds Receivables (as 
applicable) and the related Finance Agreements (the "Receivables 
Representations") pursuant to the Master Receivables Transfer Agreement 
including, among other things, that such Receivable has been selected in 
accordance with the Receivables Eligibility Criteria and such Receivable (and 
the related Vehicle Sale Proceeds Receivable) satisfies the Receivables 
Eligibility Criteria as of the relevant Cut-Off Date and is due from an Obligor 
which satisfies the Obligor Eligibility Criteria as of the relevant Cut-Off Date. 
See the section entitled "OVERVIEW OF THE PRINCIPAL TRANSACTION 
DOCUMENTS — Master Receivables Transfer Agreement – Receivables 
Representations" for more information.

--- Page 53 ---
- 40 - 
Eligible 
Receivables
In order to constitute an Eligible Receivable, the Receivable and the related 
Vehicle Sale Proceeds Receivable must comply with the Receivables 
Representations given by the Seller pursuant to the Master Receivables 
Transfer Agreement. See the section entitled "OVERVIEW OF THE 
TRANSACTION DOCUMENTS – Master Receivables Transfer Agreement– 
Receivables Representations" for further information. 
RV 
Receivables 
Repurchase 
Commitment
Pursuant to the Master Receivables Transfer Agreement, provided that an 
Insolvency Event has not occurred in respect of the Seller, the Seller will 
repurchase any Transferred Receivables which have become RV Receivables. 
If any Transferred Receivable becomes a RV Receivable (as notified to the 
Cash Manager and the Issuer in the relevant Servicing Report on the 
Information Date), the Seller shall repurchase such RV Receivable and as a 
result, the Issuer shall sell such Transferred Receivable (including the related 
Ancillary Rights and Vehicle Sale Proceeds Receivable) back to the Seller by 
no later than the second CM Reporting Date falling immediately after the end 
of the Collection Period during which such Transferred Receivables became an 
RV Receivable, and the Seller will purchase any such RV Receivable (including 
the related Ancillary Rights and Vehicle Sale Proceeds Receivable) (the 
Seller’s commitment to repurchase being the "RV Receivables Repurchase 
Commitment"), at an amount equal to the aggregate RV Receivables 
Repurchase Price in respect of such RV Receivable (and the Seller shall 
transfer such amount to the General Collection Account on the CM Reporting 
Date).  
Repurchase 
of  
Affected 
Receivables 
If any party to the Master Receivables Transfer Agreement (including the Seller 
in its capacity as Servicer under the Transaction Documents) becomes aware 
that any Receivables Representation was untrue or incorrect (by reference to 
the facts and circumstances then subsisting at the relevant date on which such 
Receivable Representation was given) in relation to any Transferred 
Receivables, the party discovering such breach will give prompt written notice 
thereof to the others in accordance with the Master Receivables Transfer 
Agreement. Unless such breach has been cured in all respects, on the next CM 
Reporting Date after the Collection Period in which such discovery or receipt of 
notice of breach occurred, the Seller will repurchase such Transferred 
Receivables (including the related Ancillary Rights and Vehicle Sale Proceeds 
Receivables) (the "Affected Receivables") in accordance with the Master 
Receivables Transfer Agreement at an amount equal to the aggregate 
Repurchase Price in respect of such Affected Receivables. 
Option 
to 
re-
transfer 
Transferred 
Receivables 
Pursuant to the Master Receivables Transfer Agreement, during the Revolving 
Period, the Seller will have the right, subject to the conditions specified below, 
to request the Issuer to re-transfer to the Seller Transferred Receivables on any 
Payment Date by notifying the Issuer and the Cash Manager at least 10 
calendar days prior to the next following Calculation Date of a target amount of 
Transferred Receivables to be re-transferred by way of a Re-transfer 
Request.
The Cash Manager shall randomly select Transferred Receivables to be re-
transferred, provided that: 
(A) 
the aggregate amount of the Re-transfer Price of the Transferred 
Receivables so selected shall not be greater than the target amount of 
Transferred Receivables to be re-transferred as notified by the Seller; 
and 
(B) 
the difference between (i) the target amount of Transferred 
Receivables to be re-transferred as notified by the Seller and (ii) the

--- Page 54 ---
- 41 - 
aggregate Re-transfer Price of the Transferred Receivables randomly 
selected by the Cash Manager shall not be greater than GBP 50,000. 
The re-transfer of Transferred Receivables shall only occur if the following 
conditions are met:  
(a) 
 the Portfolio Performance Criteria are satisfied; 
(b) 
the Portfolio Limits Criteria are satisfied;  
(c) 
such retransfer does not result in a downgrading of the Class A Notes; 
(d) 
such retransfer does not result in the occurrence of a Revolving Period 
Early Termination Event; 
(e) 
if the then current ratings of the Parent Company’s long-term 
unsecured, unsubordinated and unguaranteed debt obligations are 
below "BBB-" by S&P or "Baa3" by Moody's, the Issuer and the Cash 
Manager will have received a solvency certificate regarding the Seller 
dated not earlier than 7 Business Days before the contemplated Re-
transfer Date; 
(f) 
no Seller Event of Default has occurred and is outstanding; and 
(g) 
the Issuer has received on the relevant Re-transfer Date, the relevant 
Re-transfer Amount from the Seller. 
Re-transfer 
Option 
of 
Transferred 
Receivables 
in 
relation to Electric 
Vehicles  
Pursuant to the Master Receivables Transfer Agreement, during the Revolving 
Period or the Pre-Enforcement Amortisation Period, the Seller will have the 
right, subject to the conditions specified below, to request the Issuer to re-
transfer to the Seller all Transferred Receivables in relation to Electric Vehicles 
on any Payment Date by notifying the Issuer and the Cash Manager by way of 
a Re-transfer Request to be provided at least 10 calendar days prior to the next 
following Calculation Date. 
The Cash Manager shall select all the Transferred Receivables in relation to 
Electric Vehicles to be re-transferred, provided that the re-transfer of 
Transferred Receivables shall only occur if the following conditions are met:  
(a) 
 the Portfolio Performance Criteria are satisfied; 
(b) 
the Portfolio Limits Criteria are satisfied;  
(c) 
such retransfer does not result in a downgrading of the Class A Notes; 
(d) 
such retransfer does not result in the occurrence of a Revolving Period 
Early Termination Event; 
(e) 
if the then current ratings of the Parent Company’s long-term 
unsecured, unsubordinated and unguaranteed debt obligations are 
below "BBB-" by S&P or "Baa3" by Moody's, the Issuer and the Cash 
Manager will have received a solvency certificate regarding the Seller 
dated not earlier than 7 Business Days before the contemplated Re-
transfer Date; 
(f) 
no Seller Event of Default has occurred and is outstanding; and 
(g) 
the Issuer has received on the relevant Re-transfer Date, the relevant 
Re-transfer Amount from the Seller.

--- Page 55 ---
- 42 - 
Optional 
re-
transfer 
of 
Defaulted 
Receivables 
Pursuant to the Master Receivables Transfer Agreement, the Seller shall have 
the right, but not the obligation, to request the Issuer by way of a Re-transfer 
Request to be provided at least 10 calendar days prior to the next following 
Calculation Date to transfer back to it one or more Transferred Receivables on 
any Payment Date, provided that such Receivables are Defaulted Receivables. 
The Issuer shall be free to accept or reject, in whole or in part and in its absolute 
discretion, the corresponding Re-transfer Request. If the Issuer, in its absolute 
discretion, agrees to accept, in whole or in part, a Re-transfer Request, the 
Issuer shall re-transfer the relevant Transferred Receivables to the Seller and 
the Seller shall pay the relevant Re-transfer Amount to the Issuer. 
Clean-Up Call
On any Payment Date following the Calculation Date on which the Aggregate 
Principal Outstanding Balance of the Transferred Receivables is equal to or 
less than 10% of the Aggregate Principal Outstanding Balance of the 
Transferred Receivables as at the Initial Cut-Off Date, the Seller will (provided 
that on the relevant Payment Date no Note Acceleration Notice has been 
served) have the option under the Master Receivables Transfer Agreement (the 
"Clean-Up Call") to repurchase all Transferred Receivables then outstanding 
against payment of the Final Repurchase Price, subject to the Clean-Up Call 
Conditions. 
Servicing of the 
Transferred 
Receivables
The Servicer will be appointed by the Issuer pursuant to the Servicing 
Agreement to manage and administer Collections, undertake enforcement 
proceedings and transfer Collections to the General Collection Account, in 
accordance with the Standard of Care. See the section entitled "OVERVIEW 
OF THE PRINCIPAL TRANSACTION DOCUMENTS – Servicing Agreement" 
for more information.  
A Servicer Termination Event will occur if: 
(a) 
an Event of Default occurs with respect to the Servicer; 
(b) 
any payment obligation of the Servicer under any Transaction 
Document to which the Servicer is party is or becomes, for any reason, 
ineffective, or unenforceable, except if this is capable of remedy and is 
remedied by the Servicer within two Business Days; or 
(c) 
the appointment of the Servicer is terminated and no replacement 
servicer is appointed in accordance with the terms of the Servicing 
Agreement. 
If any Servicer Termination Event occurs, the Issuer (prior to the delivery of a 
Note Acceleration Notice or notice that the Security Trustee has taken any 
action to enforce the Security) with the written consent of the Security Trustee, 
or (after the delivery of a Note Acceleration Notice) the Security Trustee itself, 
will by notice in writing to the Servicer terminate the Servicer's appointment as 
the Servicer under the Servicing Agreement with effect from the date (not earlier 
than the date of the notice) specified in the notice. Upon termination of the 
appointment of the Servicer under the Servicing Agreement, the Issuer will use 
its best endeavours to appoint a substitute servicer that has experience of 
servicing HP Agreements and PCP Agreements in the United Kingdom, is duly 
licensed and has obtained all the necessary Authorisations for such servicing 
activities. After the occurrence of a Servicer Termination Event, the Back-Up 
Servicer Facilitator will use best efforts to identify, on behalf of the Issuer, and 
assist the Issuer in the appointing of a suitable successor servicer in 
accordance with the Servicing Agreement.

--- Page 56 ---
- 43 - 
Delegation 
by 
Servicer
The Servicer may delegate some of its servicing functions to a third party in 
accordance with the Servicing Agreement subject to certain conditions, 
provided that the Servicer remains responsible for the performance of any 
functions so delegated. See the section entitled "OVERVIEW OF THE 
PRINCIPAL TRANSACTION DOCUMENTS – Servicing Agreement" for more 
information.

--- Page 57 ---
- 44 - 
OVERVIEW OF THE CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
Please refer to section entitled "CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES" for further detail in respect of the terms of the Notes. 
FULL CAPITAL STRUCTURE OF THE NOTES 
Class A Notes 
Class B Notes 
Initial Issue Date 
/ Further Issue 
Date 
As specified in the Final Terms 
As specified in the Final Terms 
Currency  
GBP 
GBP 
Initial Note 
Principal 
Amount 
As specified in the Final Terms 
As specified in the Final Terms 
Rating Agencies 
Fitch and S&P 
Unrated 
Anticipated 
ratings 
 AAAsf by Fitch 
 AAA(sf) by S&P 
Unrated 
Credit 
Enhancement 
Credit enhancement for the Class A Notes is provided by the 
subordination of payments of 
principal on the Class B Notes 
The amount credited on the General Reserve Account 
Excess spread (if any) 
The amount credited on the General Reserve Account (in Post-
Enforcement Period Priority of Payments) 
Excess spread (if any) 
Liquidity 
Support 
The amount credited on the General Reserve Account 
The amount credited on the General Reserve Account (in Post-
Enforcement Period Priority of Payments) 
Note Interest 
Rate  
As specified in the Final Terms 
As specified in the Final Terms 
Maximum Note 
Interest Rate 
2% 
Not applicable

--- Page 58 ---
- 45 - 
Class A Notes 
Class B Notes 
Interest Accrual 
Method 
Actual/365 
Actual/365 
Payment Dates 
Interest will be payable monthly in arrear (or such shorter period for the first Interest Period) on the Payment Date falling on the 20th day of each 
month commencing on the first Payment Date, subject to the Modified Following Business Day Convention. 
Business Day 
London 
London 
Business Day 
Convention 
Modified following 
Modified following 
First Payment 
Date 
As specified in the Final Terms 
As specified in the Final Terms 
First Interest 
Period 
As specified in the Final Terms 
Pre-
Enforcement 
Amortisation 
Period Priority 
of Payments
Sequential pass through redemption in accordance with the Pre-Enforcement Amortisation Period Priority of Payments.  
Post-
Enforcement 
Period 
Priority 
of Payments
Sequential pass through redemption in accordance with the Post-Enforcement Period Priority of Payments. 
Clean-Up Call  
On any Payment Date following the Calculation Date on which the Aggregate Principal Outstanding Balance is equal to or less than 10% of the 
Aggregate Principal Outstanding Balance as at the Initial Cut-Off Date (see Condition 5(d) Clean-Up Call); Partial Early Amortisation (see 
Condition 5(e) (Partial Early Amortisation)) 
Other Early 
Redemption in 
full Events 
Tax Event (see Condition 5(b) (Optional redemption for taxation reasons)),  
Legal Final 
Maturity Date 
The Payment Date falling in September 2032 
The Payment Date falling in September 2032 
Form 
Registered  
Registered

--- Page 59 ---
- 46 - 
Class A Notes 
Class B Notes 
Application for 
Listing  
Euronext Dublin 
Not Listed 
ISIN 
As specified in the Final Terms 
N/A 
Common Code 
As specified in the Final Terms 
N/A 
Clearance/Settle
ment 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear 
The Class A Notes will be issued under the NSS 
N/A 
Regulation 
Reg S 
Reg S 
Minimum 
Denomination 
£100,000 
£100,000 
Issue Price 
As specified in the Final Terms 
As specified in the Final Terms 
Retained 
Amount 
N/A 
100% purchased by RCI Financial Services Ltd 
Significant 
Initial Purchaser 
in 
respect 
of 
Series 2021-1
100% purchased by RCI Bank UK 
100% purchased by RCI Financial Services Ltd

--- Page 60 ---
- 47 - 
Issue Dates
A Series of Class A Notes and a Series of Class B Notes, comprising 
Series 2021-1, will be issued on the Initial Issue Date. The Series 
2021-1 Class B Notes are not offered under this Base Prospectus. 
Further Notes in respect of a Series may be issued on any Further 
Issue Date prior to the Revolving Period Termination Date. The 
Issuer will inform the existing Noteholders of its intention to issue 
Further Notes by sending a notice to the relevant Noteholders. 
Capital Structure for Initial 
Notes  
Series 
2021-1 
Class A Notes 
Series 
2021-1 
Class B Notes 
Initial Issue Date 
7 October 2021 
7 October 2021 
Initial 
Note 
Principal Amount 
GBP 
750,000,000.00  
GBP 
291,667,000.00 
Note Interest Rate
1.5% per annum 
2% per annum 
First 
Payment 
Date 
20 October 2021, 
subject 
to 
the 
applicable Priority of 
Payments 
20 October 2021, 
subject 
to 
the 
applicable Priority of 
Payments 
ISIN 
XS2389414744 
N/A 
Common Code 
238941474 
N/A 
Issue Price 
100% 
100% 
Aggregate 
Principal 
Outstanding 
Balance 
of 
the 
Transferred 
Receivables 
on 
the Initial Issue 
Date 
GBP 1,041,666,999.51 
Level of credit 
enhancement 
(excluding 
any 
support from the 
amount credited 
on the General 
Reserve Account 
and from excess 
spread)
28%
0%

--- Page 61 ---
- 48 - 
Capital Structure for Further 
Issuances
The capital structure with regards to the issuance of Further Notes 
under this Base Prospectus shall be as follows: 
(*) taking into account the rounding effect.  
The Subordinated Loan Advance will be deposited into the General 
Reserve Account to reflect the increase in the General Reserve 
Required Level following the Further Issue Date.  
Ratios 
Respective Limits 
Class A Notes Required Ratio 
Equal to or below 
72% (*) 
Class B Notes Required Ratio 
Equal to or above 
28% (*) 
Ranking
The Notes of each Class will rank pari passu and rateably without 
any preference or priority among themselves as to payments of 
interest and principal at all times.  
Payments of principal on the Class A Notes will at all times rank in 
priority to payments of principal on the Class B Notes, in accordance 
with the applicable Priority of Payments. 
Payments of interest on the Class A Notes will at all times rank in 
priority to payments of interest on the Class B Notes, in accordance 
with the applicable Priority of Payments. 
Payments on the Notes
Prior to the service of a Note Acceleration Notice, payments of 
principal and interest on the Notes will be made in accordance with 
the Revolving Period Priority of Payments and the Pre-Enforcement 
Amortisation Period Priority of Payments.  Following the service of 
a Note Acceleration Notice, all payments will be made in accordance 
with the Post-Enforcement Period Priority of Payments. 
Security
The Notes are secured and will share the Security with the other 
Secured Obligations.  Some of the other Secured Obligations will 
rank senior to the Issuer's obligations under the Notes in respect of 
the allocation of proceeds as set out in the relevant Priority of 
Payments. 
Vehicle Floating Charge
To mitigate the risk where an Obligor exercises its right of voluntary 
termination or such Vehicle is repossessed, the Seller will grant a 
floating charge (the "Vehicle Floating Charge") to be governed by 
English law (provided that any term particular to Scots law will be 
construed in accordance with Scots law) in favour of the Issuer in 
respect of the proceeds of sale of any Vehicle returned to the Seller 
or repossessed by the Seller and subsequently sold. 
Interest Provisions
Please refer to "Full Capital Structure of the Notes" as set out above 
and Condition 4 (Interest) for the relevant interest provisions. 
Interest Deferral 
Interest due and payable on the Class A Notes will not be deferred. 
Interest due and payable on the Class B Notes may be deferred in 
accordance with Condition 6 (Deferral of interest and subordination) 
on any Payment Date (other than the final Payment Date or any 
earlier redemption of the Class B Notes in full). For the avoidance of

--- Page 62 ---
- 49 - 
doubt, such deferral shall not result in the occurrence of an Issuer 
Event of Default.  
Gross-up
None of the Issuer, the Note Trustee, the Security Trustee nor any 
Agent will be obliged to gross-up if there is any withholding or 
deduction in respect of the Notes on account of taxes. 
Redemption
The Notes are subject to the following optional or mandatory 
redemption events (in whole or in part, as stated below): 

mandatory redemption in whole on the Legal Final Maturity 
Date, as fully set out in Condition 5(a) (Final redemption); 

mandatory early redemption in part on each Payment Date 
commencing on the first Payment Date following the 
Revolving Period Termination Date subject to availability of 
Available Funds in accordance with the applicable Priority 
of Payments, as fully set out in Condition 5(c) (Mandatory 
early redemption in part);  

optional redemption exercisable by the Issuer in whole for 
tax reasons as fully set out in Condition 5(b) (Optional 
redemption for taxation reasons); 

mandatory redemption in part in a total amount equal to the 
Partial Early Amortisation Amount following the occurrence 
of a Partial Early Amortisation Event during the Revolving 
Period as fully set out in Condition 5(e) (Partial Early 
Amortisation); and 

mandatory redemption in whole on any Payment Date if the 
Seller exercises its Clean-Up Call, as fully set out in 
Condition 5(d) (Clean-Up Call). 
Any Note redeemed pursuant to the above redemption provisions 
will be redeemed at an amount equal to the Note Principal Amount 
Outstanding of the relevant Note together with accrued (and unpaid) 
interest on the Note Principal Amount Outstanding up to (but 
excluding) the date of redemption. 
Issuer Event of Default 
As fully set out in Condition 10 (Events of Default), the occurrence 
of any of the following events with the Issuer as the "Relevant 
Person":  
(a) 
the Relevant Person fails to make any payment payable by 
it under any Transaction Document when due in the 
currency and in the manner specified in the relevant 
Transaction Document except if such failure is due to 
technical reasons and such default is remedied by the 
Relevant Person within two Business Days, or, in the case 
of the Issuer, if the failure to pay is in respect of interest 
when due in the currency and in the manner specified herein 
where such failure to pay interest continues for five days or 
more; 
(b) 
if the Relevant Person is the Seller or the Servicer, any 
representation or warranty made by the Relevant Person 
pursuant to any Transaction Document or in any notice or

--- Page 63 ---
- 50 - 
other document, certificate or statement delivered by it 
pursuant hereto or in connection herewith is or proves to 
have been incorrect or misleading in any material respect 
when made and it is not remedied within 20 Business Days; 
(c) 
if the Relevant Person is the Seller or the Servicer, the 
Relevant Person fails duly to perform or comply with any of 
its obligations under the Transaction Documents to which it 
is a party (other than those referred to in paragraphs (a) and 
(b) above) and such failure is not remedied within 20 
Business Days; 
(d) 
an Insolvency Event occurs in respect of the Relevant 
Person; 
(e) 
if the Relevant Person is the Seller or the Servicer, at any 
time it is or becomes unlawful for the Relevant Person to 
perform or comply with any or all of its obligations under the 
Notes or the Transaction Documents or any of the 
obligations of the Relevant Person under the Notes or the 
Transaction Documents are not or cease to be legal, valid 
and binding; or 
(f) 
if the Relevant Person is the Seller or the Servicer, any 
Authorisation required by the Relevant Person to perform its 
obligations under the Transaction Documents is revoked or 
suspended. 
Enforcement
Following the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default and the 
service of a Note Acceleration Notice in accordance with Condition 
10 (Events of Default), the Security will become immediately 
enforceable (except where the Note Acceleration Notice has been 
served as a result of an Insolvency Event occurring solely due to the 
Issuer obtaining, or taking steps to obtain, a moratorium under the 
UK Insolvency Act 2000). The Note Trustee may at its discretion 
direct the Security Trustee to take action to enforce the Security, 
and will direct the Security Trustee to take such action to enforce the 
Security as directed in writing by the holders of at least 25% in Note 
Principal Amount Outstanding of the Most Senior Class of Notes or 
if so directed by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Most Senior 
Class of Notes, subject in each case to the Note Trustee and the 
Security Trustee having been indemnified and/or secured and/or 
pre-funded to its satisfaction. 
Limited Recourse
The Notes are limited recourse obligations of the Issuer, and, if not 
repaid in full, amounts outstanding are subject to a final write-off, 
which is described in more detail in Condition 7(g) (Limited 
recourse). 
Non petition
The Noteholders shall not be entitled to take any steps (otherwise 
than in accordance with the Trust Deed and the Conditions): 

to enforce the Security other than when expressly permitted 
to do so under Condition 11 (Enforcement and non-petition); 
or

--- Page 64 ---
- 51 - 

to take or join in any steps against the Issuer to obtain 
payment of any amount due from the Issuer to it; or 

until the date falling one year and one day after the Legal 
Final Maturity Date, to initiate or join in initiating any 
insolvency proceedings in relation to the Issuer; or 

to take any steps which would result in any of the Priorities 
of Payments not being observed. 
Governing Law
English law. 
Jurisdiction 
The courts of England will have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any 
disputes that may arise out of or in connection with the Notes.

--- Page 65 ---
- 52 - 
RIGHTS OF NOTEHOLDERS AND RELATIONSHIP WITH OTHER SECURED CREDITORS 
Please refer to sections entitled "DESCRIPTION OF THE NOTES" and "CONDITIONS OF THE 
NOTES" for further detail in respect of the rights of Noteholders, conditions for exercising such rights 
and relationship with other Secured Creditors. For reference to the definitions of capitalised terms 
appearing in this Base Prospectus, see "GLOSSARY OF TERMS". 
Prior to an Issuer Event 
of Default 
Prior to the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default, the Issuer or the 
Note Trustee at any time may (at the cost of the Issuer), and upon a 
requisition in writing from Noteholders holding at least 10% of the Note 
Principal Amount Outstanding of the relevant Class of Notes the Issuer 
shall, convene a Noteholders' meeting for any purpose, including 
consideration of Extraordinary Resolutions and Ordinary Resolutions or 
any other matter affecting their interests.  If the Issuer fails for a period 
of seven days to convene a meeting requisitioned by Noteholders, the 
same may be convened by the Note Trustee (subject to being 
indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction) or the 
requisitionists. 
However, the Noteholders are not entitled to instruct or direct the Issuer 
to take any action, either directly or through the Note Trustee, without 
the consent of the Issuer and, if applicable, certain other Transaction 
Parties, unless the Issuer has an obligation to take such action under 
the relevant Transaction Documents. 
Following an Issuer 
Event of Default 
Following the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default, the Note Trustee 
at its absolute discretion may, and, if so directed in writing by the holders 
of at least 25% in Note Principal Amount Outstanding of the Most Senior 
Class of Notes or if so directed by an Extraordinary Resolution of the 
Most Senior Class of Notes (subject, in each case, to the Note Trustee 
being indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction), 
will give a Note Acceleration Notice to the Issuer, the Security Trustee, 
the Account Bank, the Cash Manager and the Paying Agent declaring 
the Notes due and payable and each Note will accordingly become 
immediately due and payable, without further action or formality, at its 
Note Principal Amount Outstanding together with accrued interest. 
See section entitled "CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES" for more 
information. 
Noteholders Meeting 
provisions 
Initial meeting
Adjourned meeting
Notice period: 
At least 21 clear days 
(but not more than 90 
clear days) for the 
initial meeting. 
At least 10 clear days for 
the adjourned meeting 
(and no more than 42 
clear days in the case of 
an initial adjournment of a 
meeting 
at 
which 
an 
Extraordinary Resolution 
is to be proposed). 
Quorum: 
At least 20% of the 
Note Principal Amount 
Outstanding 
of 
the 
relevant Class of Notes 
then outstanding for all 
Ordinary Resolutions; 
at least 50% of the 
Note Principal Amount 
Outstanding 
of 
the 
relevant Class of Notes 
for the initial meeting to 
Any holding (other than 
an 
Extraordinary 
Resolution or a Basic 
Terms 
Modification, 
which requires at least 
25% of the Note Principal 
Amount Outstanding of 
the relevant Class of 
Notes).

--- Page 66 ---
- 53 - 
pass an Extraordinary 
Resolution (other than 
a 
Basic 
Terms 
Modification, 
which 
requires at least 66⅔% 
of the Note Principal 
Amount Outstanding of 
the relevant Class of 
Notes). 
Required 
majority for an 
Ordinary 
Resolution 
and an 
Extraordinary 
Resolution:  
At least 50% of votes cast for matters requiring 
Ordinary Resolution and at least 75% of votes cast 
for matters requiring Extraordinary Resolution. 
Required 
majority for 
passing a 
Written 
Resolution: 
Extraordinary Resolution: At least 75% of the Note 
Principal Amount Outstanding of the relevant Class 
of Notes then outstanding.  
Ordinary Resolution: At least 50% of the Note 
Principal Amount Outstanding of the relevant Class 
of Notes then outstanding. 
A Written Resolution has the same effect as an 
Ordinary Resolution or an Extraordinary Resolution.
Electronic 
Consent: 
Consent may be given by way of electronic 
consents communicated through the electronic 
communications systems of the relevant Clearing 
System(s) to the Paying Agent or another specified 
Agent in accordance with the operating rules and 
procedures of the relevant Clearing System(s) by or 
on behalf of the Noteholders with the required 
majority for an Ordinary Resolution or an 
Extraordinary Resolution (as applicable). 
Place: 
All meetings of Noteholders shall be held in the UK 
or by way of conference call, including by use of 
video conference platform, as applicable, in 
accordance with the terms of the Trust Deed. 
Matters requiring 
Ordinary Resolution  
Any matters to be sanctioned by the Noteholders that do not require an 
Extraordinary Resolution will require an Ordinary Resolution of the 
Noteholders.  
Matters requiring 
Extraordinary 
Resolution 
An Extraordinary Resolution is required: 
(a) 
to sanction or approve a Basic Terms Modification; 
(b) 
to sanction any compromise or arrangement proposed to be 
made between the Issuer, any other party to any Transaction 
Document, the Note Trustee, the Security Trustee, any 
Appointee, the Noteholders, or any of them; 
(c) 
to sanction any abrogation, modification, compromise or 
arrangement in respect of the rights of the Note Trustee, the 
Security Trustee, any Appointee, the Noteholders, the Issuer or 
any other party to any Transaction Document against any other 
or others of them or against any of their property whether such 
rights arise under the Trust Deed, any other Transaction 
Document or otherwise;

--- Page 67 ---
- 54 - 
(d) 
to assent to any modification of the provisions of the Trust Deed 
or any other Transaction Document which is proposed by the 
Issuer, the Note Trustee, the Security Trustee, any other party 
to any Transaction Document or any Noteholder; 
(e) 
to give any authority or sanction which under the provisions of 
the Trust Deed or any other Transaction Document is required 
to be given by Extraordinary Resolution; 
(f) 
to appoint any persons (whether Noteholders or not) as a 
committee or committees to represent the interests of the 
Noteholders or and to confer upon such committee or 
committees any powers or discretions which the Noteholders or 
could themselves exercise by Extraordinary Resolution; 
(g) 
to approve of a person to be appointed a trustee and power to 
remove or, as the case may be, to direct the removal of, any 
trustee or trustees for the time being under the Trust Deed, 
and/or the Deed of Charge subject to and in accordance with 
the Trust Deed or, as the case may be, the Deed of Charge; 
(h) 
to discharge or exonerate the Note Trustee, the Security 
Trustee and/or any appointee from all Liability in respect of any 
act or omission for which the Note Trustee, the Security Trustee 
and/or such appointee may have become or may become 
responsible under the Trust Deed or any other Transaction 
Document; 
(i) 
to authorise the Note Trustee, the Security Trustee and/or any 
Appointee to concur in and execute and do all such deeds, 
instruments, acts and things as may be necessary to carry out 
and give effect to any Extraordinary Resolution; 
(j) 
to sanction any scheme or proposal for the exchange or sale of 
the Notes or the conversion of the Notes into or the cancellation 
of the Notes in consideration of shares, stock, notes, bonds, 
debentures, debenture stock and/or other obligations and/or 
securities of the Issuer or any other company formed or to be 
formed, or for or into or in consideration of cash, or partly for or 
into or in consideration of such shares, stock, notes, bonds, 
debentures, debenture stock and/or other obligations and/or 
securities as aforesaid and partly for or into or in consideration 
of cash; and 
(k) 
to approve the substitution of any entity for the Issuer (or any 
previous substitute) as principal debtor under the Trust Deed. 
Right of modification 
without Noteholder 
consent 
Pursuant to and in accordance with the detailed provisions of Condition 
12 (Meetings of Noteholders, amendments, waiver, substitution and 
exchange), the Note Trustee shall be obliged, without any consent or 
sanction of the Noteholders or the other Secured Creditors but subject 
to the receipt of written consent from each of the Secured Creditors 
party to the Transaction Document being modified, to concur with the 
Issuer in making any modification (other than a Basic Terms 
Modification) to the Conditions and/or any Transaction Document or 
enter into any new, supplemental or additional documents for the 
purposes of (subject to being indemnified and/or secured and/or 
prefunded to its satisfaction): 
(a) 
complying with, or implementing or reflecting, any change in 
criteria of the Rating Agencies; 
(b) 
complying with any changes in the requirements of (i) Article 6 
of the UK Securitisation Regulation or Article 6 of the EU 
Securitisation Regulation, or Section 15G of the Exchange Act, 
as added by section 941 of the Dodd-Frank Act, after the Initial 
Issue Date, including as a result of the adoption of additional

--- Page 68 ---
- 55 - 
regulatory technical standards in relation to the UK 
Securitisation Regulation or the EU Securitisation Regulation 
(including the applicable reporting requirements thereunder), 
(ii) Regulation (EU) 2017/2401 (which amends Regulation 
(EU) No 575/2013 on prudential requirements for credit 
institutions and investment firms) and/or the UK CRR, (iii) any 
other risk retention legislation or regulations or official guidance 
in relation thereto or complying with any changes in the 
requirements (including, but not limited to, transparency and/or 
investor due diligence) of and/or enabling the Issuer or the 
Seller to comply with an obligation in respect of the direct 
application of the requirements of the UK Securitisation 
Regulation and/or the indirect application of the EU 
Securitisation Regulation, together with any relevant laws, 
regulations, technical standards, rules, other implementing 
legislation, official guidance or policy statements, in each case 
as amended, varied or substituted from time to time after the 
Initial Issue Date (including the appointment of a third party to 
assist with the Issuer’s reporting obligations in relation thereto);
(c) 
enabling the Notes to be or remain listed on Euronext Dublin; 
(d) 
enabling the Issuer or any other Transaction Party to comply 
with FATCA (or any voluntary agreement entered into with a 
Tax Authority in relation thereto); 
(e) 
opening additional accounts with an additional account bank or 
moving the Issuer Accounts to be held with an alternative 
account bank with the Required Ratings; 
(f) 
for so long as the Class A Notes are intended to be held in a 
manner which will allow for Bank of England eligibility, 
maintaining such eligibility; or 
(g) 
complying with any changes in the requirements of the UK 
CRA Regulation or the EU CRA Regulation. 
Other than in the case of a modification referred to in paragraph (b), (d), 
(e) above, it is a condition of any such modification that (1) the Issuer 
shall provide written notice of the proposed modification to the 
Noteholders at least 40 calendar days' prior to the date on which it is 
proposed that the modification would take effect and (2) Noteholders 
holding or representing at least 10% of the Note Principal Amount 
Outstanding of the Most Senior Class of Notes outstanding have not 
contacted the Issuer or the Note Trustee within such notification period 
notifying the Issuer or the Note Trustee that such Noteholders do not 
consent to the proposed modification. If Noteholders representing at 
least 10% of the Note Principal Amount Outstanding of the Most Senior 
Class of Notes outstanding have contacted the Issuer or the Note 
Trustee within the period referred to above that they do not consent to 
the modification, then such modification will not be made unless passed 
by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Noteholders of the Most Senior 
Class of Notes then outstanding in accordance with Condition 
12(b)(iii)(3). 
In addition, the Note Trustee may, without the consent of the 
Noteholders or the other Secured Creditors, concur with the Issuer or 
any other person in making any modification:

--- Page 69 ---
- 56 - 
(i) 
to the Conditions or any Transaction Document (excluding in 
relation to a Basic Terms Modification) which in the opinion of 
the Note Trustee will not be materially prejudicial to the 
interests of the Most Senior Class of Notes; or 
(ii) 
to the Conditions or any Transaction Document (including in 
relation to a Basic Terms Modification) if in the opinion of the 
Note Trustee such modification is of a formal, minor or 
technical nature or to correct a manifest error. 
Relationship between 
Classes of Noteholders 
Except in respect of certain matters set out in Condition 12 (Meetings of 
Noteholders, amendments, waiver, substitution and exchange) and the 
Trust Deed and excluding for the avoidance of doubt a Basic Terms 
Modification, an Ordinary Resolution or an Extraordinary Resolution of 
Noteholders of the Most Senior Class of Notes shall be binding on all 
other Classes. For further details see Condition 12 (Meetings of 
Noteholders, amendments, waiver, substitution and exchange). 
Approval of a Basic Terms Modification requires an Extraordinary 
Resolution of each Class of Notes then outstanding. 
In the exercise of its powers, trusts, authorities or discretions, if, in the 
opinion of the Note Trustee, there is a conflict between the interests of 
the Most Senior Class of Notes and more junior classes of Noteholders, 
the Note Trustee will only take into consideration the interests of the 
Most Senior Class of Notes.  
For more details on the priority applicable to the payment of interest and 
principal of each Class of Notes, please refer to Condition 2 (Status and 
Security).  
Seller/Issuer 
as Noteholder 
For each of the following purposes: 
(i) 
the determination of how many of which Notes of a Class are 
for the time being outstanding for the purposes of any 
provisions of their Conditions and the Trust Deed requiring 
calculation of the proportion of Noteholders of such Class 
requesting or directing the Note Trustee to direct the Security 
Trustee to take action to enforce the security for such Class, or 
the provisions for meetings of the Noteholders of such Class 
set out in the Trust Deed; 
(ii) 
any discretion, power or authority which the Note Trustee is 
required or permitted, expressly or impliedly, to exercise in or 
by reference to the interests of the Noteholders of such Class 
or any of them; and 
(iii) 
the determination by the Note Trustee whether, in its opinion, 
any event, circumstance, matter or thing is or would be 
materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders or any 
Class of them, 
those Notes of the relevant Class, if any, which are beneficially held by 
or for the account of the Issuer or the Seller will be deemed not to remain 
outstanding unless they are together the sole beneficial holders of that 
Class of Notes and there are no other Notes outstanding at such time 
which rank junior or pari passu to the Notes held by the Issuer or the 
Seller. 
Relationship between 
Noteholders and other 
Secured Creditors
Payments of interest and principal to Noteholders are subject to the 
Priority of Payments as set out in Condition 2 (Status and Security).

--- Page 70 ---
- 57 - 
In the exercise of its powers, trusts, authorities and discretions, the Note 
Trustee will only have regard to the Noteholders and not to the other 
Secured Creditors for so long as the Notes are outstanding. 
Provision of Information 
to the Noteholders  
For so long as the Notes are outstanding, the Servicer on behalf of the 
Seller will prepare the Servicing Reports detailing, among other things, 
certain aggregated loan file data in relation to the Portfolio.  
For so long as the Notes are outstanding, the Cash Manager on behalf 
of the Seller will prepare the Investor Reports detailing, among other 
things, the Portfolio and cash flows.  
The Seller shall procure that the Cash Manager makes each Servicing 
Report and Investor Report available to the Noteholders, the competent 
authorities and, upon request, to potential noteholders at least each 
quarter and at the latest one month after the due date for the payment 
of interest.  
See "Securitisation Regulations Reporting" below for more information.
Securitisation 
Regulations Reporting 
The Seller has been designated as the entity responsible for fulfilling the 
information requirements under Article 7 of the UK Securitisation 
Regulation pursuant to Article 7(2) of the UK Securitisation Regulation 
and under Article 7 of the EU Securitisation Regulation pursuant to 
Article 7(2) of the EU Securitisation and will either fulfil such 
requirements itself or shall procure that such requirements are complied 
with on its behalf. 
The Seller (in its capacity as reporting entity for the purposes of Article 
7(2) of the UK Securitisation Regulation and Article 7(2) of the EU 
Securitisation Regulation) shall procure: 
(i) 
preparation by the Servicer of the Servicing Reports to: 
(a) 
comply with Article 7(1)(a) of the EU Securitisation 
Regulation, which will contain loan by loan and other 
information in relation to the Portfolio and contain all the 
relevant information required by the EU Article 7 
Technical Standards (such report being the "EU 
Servicing Report"); and 
(b) 
save to the extent that the Seller is permitted by the FCA 
to provide only an EU Servicing Report, comply with 
Article 7(1)(a) of the UK Securitisation Regulation, which 
will contain loan by loan and other information in relation 
to the Portfolio and contain all the relevant information 
required by the UK Article 7 Technical Standards; 
(ii) 
preparation by the Cash Manager of the Investor Reports to:  
(a) 
comply with Article 7(1)(e) of the EU Securitisation 
Regulation, which will contain all the relevant information 
required by the EU Article 7 Technical Standards (such 
report being the "EU Investor Report"); and 
(b) 
save to the extent that the Seller is permitted by the FCA 
to provide only an EU Investor Report, comply with 
Article 7(1)(e) of the UK Securitisation Regulation, which 
will contain all the relevant information required by the 
UK Article 7 Technical Standards;

--- Page 71 ---
- 58 - 
(iii) 
preparation of an inside information or significant event 
information report as required by and in accordance with Article 
7(1)(f) and/or Article 7(1)(g) (as applicable) of the EU 
Securitisation Regulation and the EU Article 7 Technical 
Standards  (the "EU SR Inside Information and Significant 
Event Report") and (save to the extent that the Seller is 
permitted by the FCA to provide only an EU SR Inside 
Information and Significant Event Report) an inside information 
or significant event information report as required by and in 
accordance with Article 7(1)(f) and/or Article 7(1)(g) (as 
applicable) of the UK Securitisation Regulation and the UK 
Article 7 Technical Standards (the "UK SR Inside Information 
and Significant Event Report"). 
The Seller shall procure that the Cash Manager makes the information 
required under the UK Securitisation Regulation and the EU 
Securitisation Regulation available to the Noteholders, the competent 
authorities and, upon request, to potential noteholders by means of a 
securitisation repository or (where no securitisation repository is 
registered in accordance with Article 10 of the UK Securitisation 
Regulation and Article 10 of the EU Securitisation Regulation) by means 
of a website which conforms to the requirements set out in Article 7(2) 
of the UK Securitisation Regulation and Article 7(2) of the EU 
Securitisation Regulation. As at the Initial Issue Date, the Cash Manager 
(on behalf of the Seller) shall make available (i) the information required 
under the UK Securitisation Regulation by means of the website of 
European 
DataWarehouse 
(UK 
portal) 
at 
https://editor.eurodw.co.uk/home and (ii) the information required under 
the 
EU 
Securitisation 
Regulation 
by 
means 
of 
European 
DataWarehouse as securitisation repository.  
Communication with 
Noteholders 
Any notice shall be deemed to have been duly given to the Noteholders 
if sent to the Clearing Systems for communication by them to the 
holders of the Notes and shall be deemed to be given on the date on 
which it was so sent to the Clearing Systems. Any notice to the 
Noteholders shall also be published in accordance with the relevant 
guidelines of Euronext Dublin by a notification in writing to the Company 
Announcement Office of Euronext Dublin.

--- Page 72 ---
- 59 - 
CREDIT STRUCTURE AND CASHFLOWS 
Please refer to sections, "OVERVIEW OF THE PRINCIPAL TRANSACTION DOCUMENTS", 
"OVERVIEW OF THE CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES" of this Base Prospectus for further detail in 
respect of the credit structure and cash flow of the transaction.  For reference to the definitions of 
capitalised terms appearing in this Base Prospectus, see "GLOSSARY OF TERMS". 
Available Funds of 
the Issuer 
The Issuer will use the Available Funds for the purposes of making interest 
and principal payments under the Notes and meeting the Issuer's other 
payment obligations pursuant to the Transaction Documents. 
Available Funds 
“Available Funds" means, in respect of any Payment Date falling after a 
Collection Period, the following sums which are credited to the General 
Collection Account in respect of such Collection Period (which shall not 
include amounts recorded in the Issuer Profit Ledger): 
(a) 
the Available Collections received in respect of such 
Collection Period; 
(b) 
the credit balance of the Revolving Account on the 
preceding Calculation Date; 
(c) 
the credit balance of the General Reserve Account on the 
preceding Calculation Date; 
(d) 
the Financial Income (if any) in respect of such Collection 
Period; and 
(e) 
during the Revolving Period only, the net proceeds of the 
issue of Notes which is credited on the General Collection 
Account on such Issue Date. 
Summary of Priority 
of Payments  
Below is a summary of the relevant payment priorities. Full details of the 
payment priorities are set out in Condition 2 (Status and Security). 
Revolving 
Period 
Priority of Payments
Pre-Enforcement 
Amortisation Period 
Priority of Payments 
Post-Enforcement 
Period 
Priority 
of 
Payments 
On 
each 
Payment 
Date 
during 
the 
Revolving Period, the 
Available 
Funds 
in 
respect 
of 
the 
immediately preceding 
Collection Period on 
deposit in the General 
Collection Account will 
be applied by the Cash 
Manager 
in 
accordance with the 
following 
order 
of 
priority together with 
any amount in respect 
of VAT (if any) on 
those 
amounts 
as 
provided for under the 
On 
each 
Payment 
Date during the Pre-
Enforcement 
Amortisation 
Period, 
the Available Funds in 
respect 
of 
the 
immediately preceding 
Collection Period on 
deposit in the General 
Collection Account will 
be applied by the 
Cash 
Manager 
in 
accordance with the 
following 
order 
of 
priority together with 
any amount in respect 
of VAT (if any) on 
those 
amounts 
as 
Following the delivery 
of a Note Acceleration 
Notice by the Note 
Trustee pursuant to 
the Trust Deed, the 
Security Trustee shall 
apply 
all 
moneys 
(other than (i) amounts 
representing Excluded 
Proceeds 
and 
(ii) 
amounts recorded in 
the 
Issuer 
Profit 
Ledger) received by it 
under the Transaction 
Documents 
in 
connection with the 
realization 
or 
enforcement 
of 
the

--- Page 73 ---
- 60 - 
Transaction 
Documents (in each 
case if and to the 
extent that payments 
of a higher priority 
have been made in 
full): 
provided for under the 
Transaction 
Documents (in each 
case if and to the 
extent that payments 
of a higher priority 
have been made in 
full): 
Security in making the 
following payments in 
the following order of 
priority together with 
any amount in respect 
of VAT (if any) on 
those 
amounts 
as 
provided for under the 
Transaction 
Documents (in each 
case only to the extent 
that all payments of a 
higher priority have 
been made in full): 
(i) (with the exception 
of amounts to pay or 
discharge the Issuer's 
liability to corporation 
tax (if any) to be 
debited from the Issuer 
Profit 
Ledger 
in 
accordance with the 
Cash 
Management 
Agreement) amounts 
payable in respect of 
Taxes (if any) by the 
Issuer; 
(i) (with the exception 
of amounts to pay or 
discharge the Issuer's 
liability to corporation 
tax (if any) to be 
debited 
from 
the 
Issuer Profit Ledger in 
accordance with the 
Cash 
Management 
Agreement) amounts 
payable in respect of 
Taxes (if any) by the 
Issuer; 
(i) (with the exception 
of amounts to pay or 
discharge the Issuer's 
liability to corporation 
tax (if any) to be 
debited from the Issuer 
Profit 
Ledger 
in 
accordance with the 
Cash 
Management 
Agreement) amounts 
payable in respect of 
Taxes (if any) by the 
Issuer; 
(ii) to pay arrears of the 
Issuer Expenses due 
and 
payable 
on 
a 
previous 
Payment 
Date and remaining 
unpaid 
on 
such 
Payment Date; 
(ii) to pay arrears of 
the Issuer Expenses 
due and payable on a 
previous 
Payment 
Date and remaining 
unpaid 
on 
such 
Payment Date; 
(ii) to pay arrears of the 
Issuer Expenses due 
and 
payable 
on 
a 
previous 
Payment 
Date and remaining 
unpaid on such date; 
(iii) to pay the Issuer 
Expenses;
(iii) to pay the Issuer 
Expenses; 
(iii) to pay the Issuer 
Expenses; 
(iv) to pay to the 
Servicer arrears of the 
Servicing Fee due and 
payable on a previous 
Payment 
Date 
and 
remaining unpaid on 
such Payment Date; 
(iv) 
to pay to the 
Servicer arrears of the 
Servicing Fee due and 
payable on a previous 
Payment 
Date 
and 
remaining unpaid on 
such Payment Date; 
(iv) 
to pay to the 
Servicer arrears of the 
Servicing Fee due and 
payable on a previous 
Payment 
Date 
and 
remaining unpaid on 
such date; 
(v) to pay to the 
Servicer the Servicing 
Fee; 
(v) 
to pay to the 
Servicer the Servicing 
Fee;  
(v) 
to pay to the 
Servicer the Servicing 
Fee;

--- Page 74 ---
- 61 - 
(vi) pari passu and pro 
rata to pay the Class A 
Notes 
Interest 
Amounts  to the Paying 
Agent, for the account 
of 
the 
Class 
A 
Noteholders; 
(vi) 
pari 
passu
and pro rata to pay the 
Class A Notes Interest 
Amounts to the Paying 
Agent, for the account 
of 
the 
Class 
A 
Noteholders;  
(vi) 
upon 
and 
following 
the 
occurrence 
of 
an 
Insolvency Event in 
relation to the Seller 
and provided that the 
Seller 
Performance 
Criteria are satisfied as 
at 
the 
Test 
Date 
immediately prior to 
any date on which the 
Security Trustee is to 
apply such payment, 
any 
Administrator 
Recovery 
Incentive 
Fee payable to the 
Seller; 
(vii) 
to 
credit 
the 
General 
Reserve 
Account up to the 
General 
Reserve 
Required Level as at 
the Calculation Date 
immediately preceding 
such Payment Date; 
(vii) 
to credit the 
General 
Reserve 
Account up to the 
General 
Reserve 
Required Level as at 
the Calculation Date 
immediately preceding 
such Payment Date; 
(vii) 
pari passu and 
pro 
rata, 
amounts 
payable in respect of 
accrued and unpaid 
interest on the Class A 
Notes 
(including, 
without 
limitation, 
overdue interest which 
shall be paid in priority 
to all other amounts in 
this item); 
(viii) (if applicable) to 
pay the Class A Notes 
Partial 
Early 
Amortisation 
Amount 
to the Paying Agent for 
the account of the 
Class A Noteholders; 
(viii) 
to 
pay 
the 
Class 
A 
Notes 
Amortisation Amount 
to the Paying Agent for 
the account of the 
Class A Noteholders;
(viii) pari passu and 
pro rata to the Class A 
Noteholder, to repay 
the 
Note 
Principal 
Amount Outstanding in 
respect of the Class A 
Notes; 
(ix) 
amounts 
payable to the Seller in 
respect of the Monthly 
Receivables Purchase 
Amount;  
(ix) 
to 
pay 
the 
Class B Notes Interest 
Amounts to the Paying 
Agent, for the account 
of 
the 
Class 
B 
Noteholder; 
(ix) 
amounts 
payable in respect of 
accrued and unpaid 
interest on the Class B 
Note 
(including, 
without 
limitation, 
overdue interest); 
(x) towards transfer of 
the 
Residual 
Revolving Basis to the 
Revolving Account; 
(x) to pay the Class B 
Note 
Amortisation 
Amount to the Paying 
Agent for the account 
of 
the 
Class 
B 
Noteholder; 
(x) 
pari passu and 
pro rata, to the Class B 
Noteholder, to repay 
the 
Note 
Principal 
Amount Outstanding in 
respect of the Class B 
Notes; 
(xi) amounts payable 
in respect of accrued 
(xi) 
to 
repay 
any 
Subordinated 
Loan 
then outstanding to 
(xi) 
amounts 
payable in respect of 
accrued and unpaid

--- Page 75 ---
- 62 - 
and unpaid interest on 
the Class B Notes;  
the 
Subordinated 
Lender, in an amount 
equal to the General 
Reserve 
Decrease 
Amount in respect of 
such Payment Date 
and amounts payable 
in respect of accrued 
and unpaid interest on 
such 
Subordinated 
Loan; 
interest and principal 
on the Subordinated 
Loan 
(including, 
without 
limitation, 
overdue interest); and 
(xii) (if applicable) to 
pay the Class B Notes 
Partial 
Early 
Amortisation 
Amount 
to the Paying Agent for 
the account of the 
Class B Noteholders; 
(xii) to pay: 
(a) interest (including 
accrued interest) due 
and payable under the 
Subordinated Loan to 
the 
Subordinated 
Lender 
and, 
thereafter; 
(b) the Subordinated 
Loan 
Advance 
Repayment Amount to 
the 
Subordinated 
Lender; and
(xii) 
to the extent 
there 
are 
Available 
Funds 
remaining, 
towards payment to 
the 
Seller 
of 
the 
Deferred 
Purchase 
Price.
(xiii) 
to 
repay 
any 
Subordinated 
Loan 
then outstanding to the 
Subordinated Lender, 
in an amount equal to 
the General Reserve 
Decrease Amount in 
respect 
of 
such 
Payment 
Date 
and 
amounts payable in 
respect of accrued and 
unpaid 
interest 
on 
such 
Subordinated 
Loan; 
(xiii) to the extent there 
are Available Funds 
remaining, 
towards 
payment to the Seller 
as Deferred Purchase 
Price. 
(xiv) to pay:  
(a)  
interest 
(including 
accrued 
interest) 
due 
and 
payable 
under 
the 
Subordinated Loan to 
the 
Subordinated 
Lender and, thereafter;
(b) (if applicable) the 
Subordinated 
Loan 
Advance Repayment 
Amount 
to 
the

--- Page 76 ---
- 63 - 
Subordinated Lender 
in respect of a Partial 
Early Amortisation; 
(xv) to the extent there 
are Available Funds 
remaining, 
towards 
payment to the Seller 
as Deferred Purchase 
Price.    
General Credit 
Structure 
The credit structure of the transaction includes the following elements: 
General Reserve Account 
The General Reserve Account will be funded by the Subordinated Loan 
provided by the Subordinated Lender to the Issuer up to the General 
Reserve Required Level.  
If the amount standing to the credit of the General Reserve Account is or 
would be less than the General Reserve Required Level on any Transfer 
Date (taking into account the Transferred Receivables to be purchased by 
the Issuer on such Transfer Date), the Issuer (acting on the instructions of 
the Cash Manager) shall deliver a Utilisation Request to the Subordinated 
Lender in accordance with the Subordinated Loan Agreement requesting a 
Subordinated Loan equal to at least the General Reserve Increase Amount, 
such amount to be paid into the General Reserve Account in accordance 
with the Cash Management Agreement.  
The General Reserve Required Level will be:  
(a) 
in relation to the Initial Issue Date, GBP10,417,000; 
(b) 
in relation to any Payment Date during the Revolving Period, an 
amount rounded up to the nearest GBP1,000 of 1 per cent of the 
Aggregate Note Principal Amount Outstanding of all Notes (taking 
into account any additional further issuance of the Notes to be 
issued or any redemption of the Notes to be paid on such Payment 
Date) provided that such amount cannot be below GBP250,000; 
(c) 
in relation to any Payment Date during the Pre-Enforcement 
Amortisation Period, the higher of (i) an amount rounded up to the 
nearest GBP1,000 of 1% of the Aggregate Note Principal Amount 
Outstanding of all the Notes on the respective Payment Date and (ii) 
GBP250,000, provided that if the General Reserve Required Level 
on the previous Payment Date is equal to or above the Notes 
Principal Amount Outstanding of the Class A Notes, such amount 
will be zero; and 
(d) 
otherwise, zero. 
Subordination  
Pursuant to the Priorities of Payments, the Class B Notes are subordinated 
in right of payment of principal and interest to the Class A Notes.

--- Page 77 ---
- 64 - 
The Class A Notes will rank pro rata and pari passu without preference or 
priority among themselves at all times as to payments of interest and 
principal, as provided in the Conditions and the Transaction Documents. 
The Class B Notes will rank pro rata and pari passu without preference or 
priority among themselves in relation to payment of interest and principal at 
all times, but subordinate to the Class A Notes, as provided in the Conditions 
and the Transaction Documents. 
Pursuant to the Priorities of Payments, the Subordinated Loan is 
subordinated with respect to payment of interest and principal to the Notes. 
See the section "CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES" in this Base Prospectus 
for further information.  
Bank Accounts and 
Cash Management 
All Collections in respect of the Transferred Receivables in the Portfolio are 
received in the Servicer Collection Account. The Servicer is obliged to pay 
or cause to be paid all Collections (other than, so long as the Servicer is the 
Seller, any Excluded Proceeds) or any other amounts due under a 
Transferred Receivable into the Servicer Collection Account and transfer or 
cause to be transferred any amounts in respect of Collections (other than, 
so long as the Servicer is the Seller, any Excluded Proceeds) in respect of 
the Transferred Receivables into the General Collection Account on the 
Business Day following the day on which such funds are available in the 
Servicer Collection Account. 
In addition, the Seller has declared a trust over all amounts standing to the 
credit of the Servicer Collection Accounts in favour of the Issuer (in respect 
of any amounts received in respect of Transferred Receivables in the 
Portfolio), certain other beneficiaries and itself in accordance with the terms 
of the Servicing Agreement and the relevant Servicer Collection Account 
Declaration of Trust (as supplemented) (as to which see further the section 
entitled "OVERVIEW OF THE PRINCIPAL TRANSACTION DOCUMENTS 
– Servicer Collection Account Declaration of Trust" in this Base Prospectus).
On each Payment Date, amounts representing Collections for the relevant 
Collection Period, together with other items comprising the Available Funds, 
shall be applied by the Cash Manager in accordance with the applicable 
Priority of Payments.

--- Page 78 ---
- 65 - 
TRIGGERS TABLES 
RATING TRIGGERS TABLE 
Transaction 
Party 
Required Ratings/Triggers  
Possible effects of Trigger being 
breached include the following 
Account Bank 
(i) 
a long-term deposit rating or, if no 
long-term 
deposit 
rating 
is 
assigned, 
a 
long-term 
issuer 
default rating by Fitch of at least 
"A" or a short-term deposit rating 
or, if no short-term deposit rating is 
assigned, a short-term issuer 
default rating by Fitch of at least 
"F1" 
(the 
“Fitch 
Required 
Ratings”); and 
(ii)  
its unsecured, unsubordinated and 
unguaranteed 
long-term 
debt 
obligations being rated at least “A" 
by 
S&P 
or 
its 
unsecured, 
unsubordinated and unguaranteed 
short-term debt obligations are 
rated at least "A-1" by S&P (the 
“S&P Required Ratings”), 
or such other rating or ratings as may be 
agreed by the relevant Rating Agency from 
time to time (or as are consistent with the 
then published criteria of the relevant 
Rating Agency) as would maintain the then 
current ratings of the Notes (together, the 
“Required Ratings”). 
If the Account Bank ceases to have 
the Required Ratings then, within 60 
calendar days of the Account Bank 
ceasing to have the Fitch Required 
Ratings or within 90 calendar days of 
the Account Bank ceasing to have the 
S&P Required Ratings, as applicable, 
the Issuer (or the Servicer on its 
behalf) will: 
1. 
use 
all 
reasonable 
endeavours 
to 
open 
replacement account(s) with a 
financial institution: (i) having 
all of the Required Ratings; (ii) 
which is a bank as defined in 
Section 991 of the Income Tax 
Act 2007 that will pay any 
interest in the ordinary course 
of its business; and (iii) which 
has 
entered 
into 
an 
agreement with the Cash 
Manager, 
the 
Security 
Trustee and the Issuer on 
substantially similar terms to 
those set out in the Bank 
Account Agreement, provided 
that 
where 
the 
Issuer 
determines that it is not 
practicable, 
taking 
into 
account the then prevailing 
market 
conditions 
(notwithstanding that the fee 
payable to the replacement 
account bank may be higher), 
to agree terms substantially 
similar to those set out in the 
Bank Account Agreement with 
such replacement account 
bank, the Issuer shall certify in 
writing to the Security Trustee, 
that 
such 
terms 
are 
reasonable commercial terms 
taking into account the then 
prevailing 
current 
market 
conditions, which certificate 
may be relied upon by the 
Security Trustee without any 
liability and without further 
enquiry 
and 
shall 
be

--- Page 79 ---
- 66 - 
Transaction 
Party 
Required Ratings/Triggers  
Possible effects of Trigger being 
breached include the following 
conclusive and binding on all 
parties 
and 
the 
Secured 
Creditors; and following the 
opening of such replacement 
accounts, promptly close the 
Issuer Accounts held with the 
Account Bank; or  
2. 
use 
all 
reasonable 
endeavours 
to 
obtain 
a 
guarantee of the obligations of 
such Account Bank under the 
Bank 
Account 
Agreement 
from a financial institution 
having all of the Required 
Ratings within 60 calendar 
days or 90 calendar days, as 
applicable, 
following 
the 
downgrade action; or 
3. 
take such other remedial 
action as may be acceptable 
to the Rating Agencies in 
order to maintain the ratings of 
the Most Senior Class of 
Notes. 
Servicer 
Collection 
Account Bank 
Its 
unsecured, 
unsubordinated 
and 
unguaranteed long-term debt obligations 
being rated at least "BBB" by S&P or its 
unsecured, 
unsubordinated 
and 
unguaranteed short-term debt obligations 
are rated at least "A-2" by S&P, or such 
other rating or ratings as may be agreed by 
the relevant Rating Agency from time to 
time (or as are consistent with the then 
published criteria of the relevant Rating 
Agency) as would maintain the then 
current ratings of the Notes. 
The Issuer and the Servicer will (with 
the prior written consent of the 
Security 
Trustee) 
terminate 
the 
Servicer 
Collection 
Account 
Declaration of Trust and the Issuer will 
close the Servicer Collection Account 
(or direct the Servicer to do the same), 
in 
the 
event 
that 
the 
Servicer 
Collection Account Bank ceases to 
have the Required Ratings, provided 
that an amount at least equal to the 
balance in full of the Servicer 
Collection Account deriving from or 
related to the Transferred Receivables 
shall be transferred (at the Servicer's 
cost), within a period not exceeding 90 
calendar 
days 
if 
the 
Servicer 
Collection Account Bank ceases to 
have 
the 
Required 
Ratings, 
as 
applicable, from the date on which the 
relevant ratings downgrade occurred, 
to accounts held with a financial 
institution: 
(a) with whom the Issuer, the Servicer 
(as beneficiary and trustee of the 
Trust) and the Security Trustee have

--- Page 80 ---
- 67 - 
Transaction 
Party 
Required Ratings/Triggers  
Possible effects of Trigger being 
breached include the following 
entered 
into 
an 
agreement 
on 
substantially the same terms and form 
as the Servicer Collection Account 
Declaration of Trust; and 
(b) which is an Authorised Entity with 
the Required Ratings with respect to 
the Servicer Collection Account Bank.

--- Page 81 ---
- 68 - 
NON-RATING TRIGGERS TABLE 
Nature of Trigger 
Description of Trigger 
Consequence of Trigger 
Servicer Termination 
Event 
The occurrence of any of the 
following events: 
(a) 
an Event of Default occurs 
with respect to the Servicer; 
(b) 
any payment obligation of 
the Servicer under any 
Transaction Document to 
which the Servicer is party is 
or becomes, for any reason, 
ineffective, 
or 
unenforceable, except if this 
is capable of remedy and is 
remedied by the Servicer 
within two Business Days; 
or 
(c) 
the 
appointment 
of 
the 
Servicer is terminated and 
no replacement servicer is 
appointed in accordance 
with 
the 
terms 
of 
the 
Servicing Agreement. 
If any Servicer Termination 
Event occurs, the Issuer (prior 
to the delivery of a Note 
Acceleration Notice or notice 
that the Security Trustee has 
taken any action to enforce the 
Security) 
with 
the 
written 
consent of the Security Trustee, 
or (after the delivery of a Note 
Acceleration 
Notice) 
the 
Security Trustee itself, will by 
notice in writing to the Servicer 
terminate 
the 
Servicer's 
appointment as the Servicer 
under the Servicing Agreement 
with effect from the date (not 
earlier than the date of the 
notice) specified in the notice. 
Upon 
termination 
of 
the 
appointment of the Servicer 
under the Servicing Agreement, 
the Issuer will use its best 
endeavours 
to 
appoint 
a 
substitute servicer that has 
experience of servicing HP 
Agreements 
and 
PCP 
Agreements 
in 
the 
United 
Kingdom, is duly licensed and 
has obtained all the necessary 
Authorisations 
for 
such 
servicing activities. 
After the occurrence of a 
Servicer Termination Event, the 
Back-Up Servicer Facilitator will 
use best efforts to identify, on 
behalf of the Issuer, and assist 
the Issuer in the appointing of a 
suitable successor servicer in 
accordance with the Servicing 
Agreement.  
Perfection Event 
Following the occurrence of any of 
the following events, the Obligors 
will be notified in respect of the 
assignment 
of 
the 
Transferred 
Receivables to the Issuer: 
(a) 
a 
Servicer 
Termination 
Event; 
(b) 
a Seller Event of Default; or 
(c) 
it becomes necessary by 
law to perfect the Issuer’s 
legal title to the Transferred 
Receivables, (or procure the 
Upon the occurrence of a 
Perfection Event, the Seller (or 
the Issuer acting under the 
power of attorney granted to it 
in accordance with Schedule 11 
(Form of Proceedings Power of 
Attorney and Form of Perfection 
Power of Attorney) of the 
Master Receivables Transfer 
Agreement) shall immediately 
notify each Obligor of the sale 
and transfer of the relevant 
Transferred Receivable to the

--- Page 82 ---
- 69 - 
perfection of the Issuer’s 
legal title to the Transferred 
Receivables) in accordance 
with the terms of the Master 
Receivables 
Transfer 
Agreement.
Issuer by sending a Perfection 
Notice. 
In 
such 
Perfection 
Notice the Seller shall instruct 
the relevant Obligor to make 
any future payments in respect 
of the relevant Transferred 
Receivable 
directly 
to 
the 
General Collection Account.  
Issuer Event of Default 
The occurrence of any of the 
following events with the Issuer as 
the "Relevant Person": 
(a) 
the Relevant Person fails to 
make any payment payable 
by it under any Transaction 
Document when due in the 
currency and in the manner 
specified in the relevant 
Transaction 
Document 
except if such failure is due 
to technical reasons and 
such default is remedied by 
the Relevant Person within 
two Business Days, or, in 
the case of the Issuer, if the 
failure to pay is in respect of 
interest when due in the 
currency and in the manner 
specified herein where such 
failure 
to 
pay 
interest 
continues for five days or 
more; 
(b) 
if the Relevant Person is the 
Seller or the Servicer, any 
representation or warranty 
made 
by 
the 
Relevant 
Person pursuant to any 
Transaction Document or in 
any 
notice 
or 
other 
document, 
certificate 
or 
statement delivered by it 
pursuant 
hereto 
or 
in 
connection herewith is or 
proves 
to 
have 
been 
incorrect or misleading in 
any material respect when 
made and it is not remedied 
within 20 Business Days; 
(c) 
if the Relevant Person is the 
Seller or the Servicer, the 
Relevant Person fails duly 
to perform or comply with 
any of its obligations under 
the Transaction Documents 
to which it is a party (other 
than those referred to in 
paragraphs (a) 
and (b) 
above) and such failure is 
If an Issuer Event of Default 
occurs, the Note Trustee at its 
absolute discretion may, and, if 
so directed in writing by the 
holders of at least 25% in Note 
Principal Amount Outstanding 
of  the Most Senior Class of 
Notes or if so directed by an 
Extraordinary Resolution of the 
Most Senior Class of Notes 
(subject, in each case, to the 
Note Trustee being indemnified 
and/or 
secured 
and/or 
prefunded to its satisfaction), 
will give a Note Acceleration 
Notice 
to 
the 
Issuer, 
the 
Security Trustee, the Account 
Bank, the Cash Manager and 
the Paying Agent declaring the 
Notes due and payable and 
each Note will accordingly 
become immediately due and 
payable, without further action 
or formality, at its  Note 
Principal Amount Outstanding 
together with accrued interest. 
Following the occurrence of an 
Issuer Event of Default and the 
service of a Note Acceleration 
Notice 
in 
accordance 
with 
Condition 
10 
(Events 
of 
Default), 
the 
Security 
will 
become 
immediately 
enforceable (except where the 
Note Acceleration Notice has 
been served as a result of an 
Insolvency 
Event 
occurring 
solely 
due 
to 
the 
Issuer 
obtaining, or taking steps to 
obtain, a moratorium under the 
UK Insolvency Act 2000). The 
Note 
Trustee 
may 
at 
its 
discretion direct the Security 
Trustee 
to 
take 
action 
to 
enforce the Security, and will 
direct the Security Trustee to 
take such action to enforce the 
Security as directed in writing 
by the holders of at least 25% in 
Note 
Principal 
Amount 
Outstanding of the Most Senior

--- Page 83 ---
- 70 - 
not remedied within 20 
Business Days; 
(d) 
an Insolvency Event occurs 
in respect of the Relevant 
Person; 
(e) 
if the Relevant Person is the 
Seller or the Servicer, at any 
time 
it 
is 
or 
becomes 
unlawful for the Relevant 
Person to perform or comply 
with any or all of its 
obligations under the Notes 
or 
the 
Transaction 
Documents or any of the 
obligations of the Relevant 
Person under the Notes or 
the Transaction Documents 
are not or cease to be legal, 
valid and binding; and 
(f) 
if the Relevant Person is the 
Seller or the Servicer, any 
Authorisation required by 
the Relevant Person to 
perform 
its 
obligations 
under 
the 
Transaction 
Documents is revoked or 
suspended. 
Class of Notes or if so directed 
by an Extraordinary Resolution 
of the Most Senior Class of 
Notes, subject in each case to 
the Note Trustee and the 
Security Trustee having been 
indemnified 
and/or 
secured 
and/or 
pre-funded 
to 
its 
satisfaction. 
Cash Manager 
Termination Events 
The occurrence of any of the 
following in relation to the Cash 
Manager: 
(i) 
the Cash Manager does not 
perform or comply with any 
one 
or 
more 
of 
its 
obligations in the Cash 
Management Agreement or 
the 
other 
Transaction 
Documents to which it is 
expressed to be a party, 
which default is: 
(a) 
in the opinion of the Security 
Trustee 
materially 
prejudicial to the interests of 
the Secured Creditors; and 
(b) 
incapable of remedy or, if, in 
the opinion of the Security 
Trustee capable of remedy, 
is not remedied within 30 
days after the earlier of: 
(I) 
the 
Cash 
Manager 
becoming aware of such 
default; and 
(II) 
notice 
of 
such 
default 
having been given to the 
The Issuer (prior to the delivery 
of a Note Acceleration Notice or 
notice that the Security Trustee 
has taken any action to enforce 
the Security) with the written 
consent of the Security Trustee, 
or (after the delivery of a Note 
Acceleration 
Notice) 
the 
Security Trustee itself will, upon 
written notice at any time after a 
Cash 
Manager 
Termination 
Event occurs, terminate the 
appointment 
of 
the 
Cash 
Manager and the Issuer (or the 
Servicer on its behalf) will 
appoint a replacement cash 
manager on terms substantially 
the same as those contained in 
the 
Cash 
Management 
Agreement.  
The Cash Manager may, at any 
time, terminate its appointment 
and cease to operate the Issuer 
Accounts pursuant to the Cash 
Management Agreement on 
giving not less than 180 days’ 
prior written notice thereof  
without assigning any reason 
therefore and without being

--- Page 84 ---
- 71 - 
Cash Manager by the Issuer 
or the Security Trustee; 
(ii) 
any 
Insolvency 
Event 
occurs in respect of the 
Cash Manager; 
(iii) 
following the delivery of a 
Note Acceleration Notice by 
the Note Trustee pursuant 
to the Trust Deed, the 
Security 
Trustee 
determines that the Cash 
Manager’s 
appointment 
under 
the 
Cash 
Management Agreement is 
materially prejudicial to the 
interests of the Secured 
Creditors; 
(iv) 
the Cash Manager fails to 
maintain 
all 
appropriate 
Authorisations 
with, 
governmental 
and 
other 
regulatory 
authorities 
required by it to perform its 
obligations under the Cash 
Management Agreement or 
the 
other 
Transaction 
Documents to which it is 
expressed to be a party; or 
(v) 
the 
Cash 
Manager 
is 
prevented 
or 
severely 
hindered for a period of 20 
days 
or 
more 
from 
complying 
with 
its 
obligations under the Cash 
Management Agreement as 
a result of a Force Majeure 
Event 
and 
such 
Force 
Majeure Event continues for 
10 Business Days after the 
occurrence of such Force 
Majeure Event. 
responsible 
for 
any 
costs 
occasioned by such cessation.

--- Page 85 ---
- 72 - 
FEES 
The following table sets out the on-going fees to be paid by the Issuer to the transaction parties. 
Type of Fee 
Amount of Fee 
Priority in Cashflow 
Frequency 
Servicing fees 
The product of (x) a 
rate of 0.50 per cent., 
(y) 
the 
aggregate 
Principal Outstanding 
Balance 
of 
the 
Transferred 
Receivables as of the 
immediately preceding 
Payment 
Date 
(excluding any written 
off Receivables) and 
(z) 1/12th (inclusive of 
VAT), subject to the 
terms of the Servicing 
Agreement.  
Ahead of all 
outstanding Notes 
Each Payment Date  
Other ongoing fees 
and expenses of the 
Issuer 
Estimated at around 
£175,000 each year 
(exclusive of VAT) 
Ahead of all 
outstanding Notes 
Each Payment Date 
Expenses related to 
the admission to 
trading of the Class A 
Notes 
Listing fees – 
estimated at €8,940 
(exclusive of VAT) 
On or about the Initial 
Issue Date

--- Page 86 ---
- 73 - 
LEGAL AND REGULATORY CONSIDERATIONS
Securitisation Regulations 
By virtue of the EUWA, the UK Securitisation Regulation (which largely mirrors, with some amendments, 
the EU Securitisation Regulation), is now applicable in the UK following the end of the transitional period 
in the Brexit process, subject to the temporary transitional relief available in certain areas.  Please refer 
to the section entitled "RISK FACTORS – REGULATORY AND MACRO-ECOMONIC RISKS 
RELATING TO THE NOTES – Securitisation Regulations" for further details.  
Transparency requirements 
Under Article 7 of the UK Securitisation Regulation and Article 7 of the EU Securitisation Regulation, 
certain Transaction Documents and the Base Prospectus are required to be made available to investors 
before pricing. Under Article 5(1)(e) of the UK Securitisation Regulation and Article 5(1)(e) of the EU 
Securitisation Regulation, institutional investors are required to verify that the originator or issuer has, 
where applicable, made available the information required by Article 7 of the UK Securitisation 
Regulation and Article 7 of the Securitisation Regulation.  It is not possible to make final documentation 
available before pricing and so the Seller (or the Cash Manager on its behalf) has made draft 
documentation available in substantially final form (which may be subject to change following pricing) 
by way of the website of European DataWarehouse (UK portal) at https://editor.eurodw.co.uk/home and 
by means of European DataWarehouse as securitisation repository.  Such Transaction Documents in 
final form will be available on and after the Initial Issue Date. The website of European DataWarehouse 
(UK portal) at https://editor.eurodw.co.uk/home and its contents do not form part of this Base 
Prospectus. 
Article 7 of the UK Securitisation Regulation and Article 7 of the EU Securitisation Regulation also 
includes ongoing reporting obligations to holders of a securitisation position, to the relevant competent 
authorities and, upon request, to potential investors which include quarterly portfolio level disclosure, 
quarterly investor reports, any inside information relating to the securitisation that the reporting entity is 
obliged to make public under the UK Market Abuse Regulation or the EU Market Abuse Regulation and, 
where applicable, information on "significant events".  
Under Article 5(1)(e) of the UK Securitisation Regulation and Article 5(1)(e) of the EU Securitisation 
Regulation, institutional investors are required to verify that the originator or issuer has, where 
applicable, made available the information required by Article 7 of the UK Securitisation Regulation and 
Article 7 of the EU Securitisation Regulation. The loan reports and the investor reports are to be made 
available simultaneously on a quarterly basis and at the latest one month after each Payment Date. 
Disclosures relating to any inside information or significant events are required to be made available 
"without delay". 
The disclosure regulatory technical standards were adopted and published by the European 
Commission on 16 October 2019 and came into force on 23 September 2020. These have been 
onshored for application in the UK from the beginning of 2021.  
Any failure by the Seller to fulfil the applicable transparency requirements or covenants relating thereto 
may cause the transaction to be non-compliant with the UK Securitisation Regulation and the EU 
Securitisation Regulation. 
Please see the section entitled "RISK RETENTION AND SECURITISATION REGULATIONS 
REPORTING" for more information in respect of the Seller’s reporting obligations as the reporting entity.  
Simple, transparent and standardised securitisation – The Notes will not be STS 
As at the Initial Issue Date, no notification will be submitted to the FCA, in accordance with Article 27 of 
the UK Securitisation Regulation, confirming that the requirements of Articles 18 to 22 of the UK 
Securitisation Regulation have been satisfied with respect to the Notes (such notification, a "UK STS 
Notification"), and no notification will be submitted to ESMA, in accordance with Article 27 of the EU

--- Page 87 ---
- 74 - 
Securitisation Regulation, confirming that the requirements of Articles 18 to 22 of the EU Securitisation 
Regulation have been satisfied with respect to the Notes (such notification, an "EU STS Notification"). 
Please refer to the section entitled "RISK FACTORS – REGULATORY AND MACRO-ECOMONIC 
RISKS RELATING TO THE NOTES – Simple, transparent and standardised securitisations" for further 
details. 
Finance Agreements regulated by the Consumer Credit Act 1974 (as amended) 
Regulatory framework
The FCA is responsible for the supervision and regulation of regulated consumer credit business in the 
UK. Under the FSMA: (a) carrying on certain credit-related regulated activities otherwise than in 
compliance with permission from the FCA will render the credit agreement unenforceable without FCA 
approval; and (b) the FCA has power to render unenforceable contracts made in contravention of any 
rules which it may make on cost and duration of credit agreements or in contravention of its product 
intervention rules. There is also formalised cooperation between the FCA and the Financial Ombudsman 
Service, particularly where issues identified potentially have wider implications, with a view to the FCA 
requiring affected firms to operate consumer redress schemes. 
The regulatory framework for consumer credit in the UK consists of FSMA, and its secondary legislation, 
including the Financial Services and Markets Act (Regulated Activities) Order 2001, or the "RAO", the 
Consumer Credit Act 1974 (amended by the Consumer Credit Act 2006) and its retained associated 
secondary legislation, or the "CCA", and rules and guidance in the FCA Handbook, including the 
Consumer Credit sourcebook, or the "CONC". Article 60B of the RAO defines a regulated credit 
agreement as an agreement between an individual and any other person under which the other person 
provides the individual with credit of any amount and which is not an exempt agreement under articles 
60C to 60HA of the RAO. Article 60C of the RAO exempts consumer credit contracts exceeding the 
value of £25,000, which are entered into wholly or predominantly for the debtor's business purposes. 
The CCA applies to regulated consumer credit contracts. The application of the CCA to the Finance 
Agreements will have several consequences including the following: 
(a) 
Voluntary Terminations 
At any time before the last payment falls due under the relevant regulated consumer credit contract, the 
customer may, under sections 99 and 100 of the CCA, terminate the relevant regulated consumer credit 
contract. Customers do not have to state a reason for exercising their rights under these sections. 
Generally customers may take advantage of the right of voluntary termination when they are in financial 
difficulty, or when the residual value of the vehicle on part-exchange is less than the amount that would 
be payable on early settlement. To terminate the regulated consumer credit contract, the customer is 
required to give notice to RCI Financial Services Ltd and after notification the customer must return the 
vehicle, at its own expense, to an address as reasonably required by RCI Financial Services Ltd, 
together with everything supplied with the vehicle. 
In such a case RCI Financial Services Ltd has a right to: 
(i) 
all arrears of payments due and damages incurred for any other breach of the regulated 
consumer credit contract by the customer before such termination; 
(ii) 
the amount (if any) by which one half of the total amount which would have been payable under 
the regulated consumer credit contract if it had run its course exceeds the aggregate of sums 
already paid by the customer and amounts due from the customer under the regulated 
consumer credit contract immediately before exercise by the customer of its statutory right of 
termination; 
(iii) 
possession of the relevant vehicle subject to the regulated consumer credit contract being 
terminated; and

--- Page 88 ---
- 75 - 
(iv) 
any other sums due but unpaid by the customer under the regulated consumer credit contract.  
Following the voluntary termination of a Finance Agreement, RCI Financial Services Ltd will 
take possession of the relevant vehicle and will sell such vehicle according to its customary 
origination and servicing procedures. RCI Financial Services Ltd will apply (a) any amounts 
received per paragraphs (i) and (ii) above and (b) any proceeds from the sale of the vehicle to 
reduce the receivables balance of the Finance Agreement that remains outstanding following 
the voluntary termination. Following such application, any remaining amounts of receivables 
balance on the Finance Agreement that has been the subject of the voluntary termination will 
be written-off and reduced to zero. 
If a Obligor terminates a Finance Agreement under section 99 of the CCA, it is possible that the 
Issuer will not receive the full amount of the principal amount outstanding on the relevant 
Transferred Receivable and an amount of principal will accordingly be written-off. This in turn 
could trigger losses under the Notes. 
(b) 
Early Settlement of regulated consumer credit contracts
The customer has a statutory right to discharge his payment liability, and obtain title to the 
vehicle, under a regulated consumer credit contract in advance of its scheduled final repayment 
date by paying RCI Financial Services Ltd all unpaid scheduled payments through to the 
scheduled final repayment date together with all other amounts due and payable under the 
relevant regulated consumer credit contract less a rebate calculated under the Consumer Credit 
(Early Settlement) Regulations 2004, or the "Early Settlement Regulations" (see "Rebate on 
Early Settlement or on Termination of a regulated consumer credit contract by RCI Financial 
Services Ltd" below). 
In addition, the customer under a regulated consumer credit contract has a right to make partial 
early repayments of the regulated consumer credit contract. One or more partial early 
repayment(s) may be made at any time during the life of the relevant regulated consumer credit 
contract, subject to the customer taking certain steps as outlined in Section 94 of the CCA. The 
terms on partial early settlement are largely the same as those for full early settlement and the 
framework operates in much the same way. 
(c) 
Termination of regulated consumer credit contracts
RCI Financial Services Ltd has the right to terminate a regulated consumer credit contract in the 
event of an unremedied material breach of agreement by the customer. In such case RCI 
Financial Services Ltd has the right to repossess the vehicle (however, where the customer has 
paid at least one-third of the total amount payable, the vehicle becomes "protected" under the 
CCA with the consequences described in "Protected Goods" below) and recover either: 
(i) 
(1) 
all arrears of payments due and damages incurred for any breach of the 
regulated consumer credit contract by the customer before such termination; 
(2) 
all RCI Financial Services Ltd’s expenses of recovering or trying to recover the 
vehicle, storing it and tracing the customer and any shortfall relating to the sale 
or other disposal of vehicle (including all expenses of sale); and 
(3) 
any other sums due but unpaid by the customer under the regulated consumer 
credit contract less a rebate calculated in compliance with the Early Settlement 
Regulations (see "Rebate on Early Settlement or on Termination of a regulated 
consumer credit contract by RCI Financial Services Ltd" below); or 
(ii) 
such lesser amount as a court considers will compensate RCI Financial Services Ltd 
for its loss.

--- Page 89 ---
- 76 - 
Court decisions have conflicted on whether the amount payable by the customer on termination 
by the lender (for example, for repudiatory breach by the customer) is restricted to the amount 
calculated by the one-half formula for termination by the customer. The Finance Agreements 
provide that the amount payable by the customer on termination by RCI Financial Services Ltd 
is the outstanding balance of the total amount payable under the Finance Agreements less any 
statutory rebate for early settlement and less any proceeds of sale or estimated value of the 
vehicle so the Finance Agreements reflect those court decisions favourable to RCI Financial 
Services Ltd on this point. 
(d) 
Rebate on Early Settlement or on Termination of a regulated consumer credit contract by RCI 
Financial Services Ltd
In the case of regulated consumer credit contracts, a rebate of credit charges may be due on 
early settlement. The amount of the rebate is calculated under the Early Settlement Regulations. 
The rebate is available only in the circumstances specified in the Early Settlement Regulations. 
No rebate is required where the customer exercises his right to terminate a regulated consumer 
credit contract as described in (a) above, as the customer may terminate the relevant regulated 
consumer credit contract, without discharging in full the total amount payable under the 
regulated consumer credit contract. 
(e) 
Time Orders
If, for a regulated consumer credit contract, certain default or enforcement proceedings are 
taken or notice of early termination is served on a customer, the customer can apply to the court 
for a time order to change the timing of payments under his contract or to repay the outstanding 
sum by lower instalments than provided for in his regulated consumer credit contract. Under the 
CCA the court has a wide discretion to order amendments to the relevant regulated consumer 
credit contract as it considers fit, to achieve the objectives of the time order. 
(f) 
Bona fide purchaser
A disposition of the vehicle by the customer to a bona fide private purchaser without notice of 
the Finance Agreement will transfer to the purchaser RCI Financial Services Ltd’s title to the 
vehicle.  
(g) 
Enforcement of improperly executed or modified regulated consumer credit contracts
If a regulated consumer credit contract has been "improperly executed" (as described in the 
CCA) or improperly modified under the CCA, it may be unenforceable unless a court order has 
been obtained. 
(h) 
Interpretation of technical rules   
RCI Financial Services Ltd has interpreted certain technical rules under the CCA in a way 
common with many other lenders in the vehicle finance market. If such interpretation were held 
to be incorrect by a court or other dispute resolution authority, then the contract would be 
unenforceable without a court order. If such interpretation were challenged by a significant 
number of customers, then this could lead to significant disruption and shortfall in the income of 
the Issuer. Court decisions have been made on technical rules under the CCA against certain 
lenders, but such decisions are very few and are generally county court decisions which are not 
binding on other courts. Where agreements are unenforceable without a court order due to 
minor documentary defects, lenders have historically pursued such debts as though they are 
enforceable, until such time as those defects were raised by the borrower and/or the court in 
any claim. To mitigate the risks associated with this approach, lenders currently rely on the 
decision in McGuffick v Royal Bank of Scotland [2010] 1 All ER 634, in which the High Court 
ruled that, in relation to agreements which were unenforceable by reason of failures to provide 
copies under section 77 and 78 of the CCA, steps which fell short of obtaining a court judgment 
against the borrower were not "enforcement" within the meaning of the CCA.

--- Page 90 ---
- 77 - 
(i) 
"Unfair relationship" 
The court has power under section 140A of the CCA to determine that the relationship between 
a lender and a customer arising out of the credit agreement (whether alone or with any related 
agreement) is unfair to the consumer. In applying the unfair relationship test, the courts are able 
to consider a wider range of circumstances surrounding the transaction, including the lender's 
conduct before and after making the agreement. There is no statutory definition of "unfair" as 
the intention is for the test to be flexible and subject to judicial discretion. However the word 
"unfair" is not an unfamiliar term in legal use in the United Kingdom due to the Unfair Contract 
Terms Act 1977, the Unfair Terms in Consumer Contracts Regulations 1999 and the Consumer 
Rights Act 2015. The courts may look to the above legislation for guidance. The FCA principles 
are also relevant and apply to the way contract terms are used in practice and not just the way 
they are drafted. Once an obligor alleges that an unfair relationship exists, the burden of proof 
is on the lender to prove the contrary. 
Plevin v Paragon [2014] UKSC 61, a November 2014 Supreme Court judgment, clarified that 
compliance with the relevant regulatory rules by the creditor (or a person acting on behalf of the 
creditor) does not preclude a finding of unfairness, as a wider range of considerations may be 
relevant to the fairness of the relationship than those which would be relevant to the application 
of the rules. Where add-on products such as GAP or PPI insurance are sold and are subject to 
significant commission payments, it is possible that the non-disclosure of commission by the 
lender is a factor that could form part of a finding of unfair relationship. In November 2015, the 
FCA published its Consultation Paper CP 15/39 entitled "Rules and guidance on payment 
protection insurance complaints" and in August 2016 the FCA published a supplementary 
Consultation Paper CP 16/20 and its final Policy Statement on 2 March 2017. The new rules 
and/or guidance may result in an increase in the volume of Plevin-based unfair relationship 
claims brought against lenders who failed to disclose significant PPI commissions when entering 
into credit agreements. The PPI complaints deadline was 29 August 2019. 
The FCA has given no indication during the periods of consultation that it will extend the Plevin 
PPI complaints rules and guidance specifically to undisclosed commissions in relation to GAP 
insurance. Although the FCA told firms to be aware of Plevin and its impact on lenders' failures 
to disclose commissions during its GAP insurance consultation CP 14/29 in the Spring of 2015, 
the FCA did not address Plevin when it published its policy statement PS 15/13 in June 2018. 
(j) 
Financial Ombudsman Service
The Financial Ombudsman Service is an out-of-court dispute resolution scheme with jurisdiction 
to determine complaints against authorised persons under the FSMA relating to conduct in the 
course of specified regulated activities including in relation to consumer credit. 
Under FSMA, the Financial Ombudsman Service is required to make decisions on, among 
others, complaints relating to the terms in agreements on the basis of what, in the Ombudsman's 
opinion, would be fair and reasonable in all the circumstances of the case, taking into account, 
among others, law and guidance. Complaints brought before the Financial Ombudsman Service 
for consideration must be decided on a case-by-case basis, with reference to the particular facts 
of any individual case. Each case would first be adjudicated by an adjudicator. Either party to 
the case may appeal against the adjudication. In the event of an appeal, the case proceeds to 
a final decision by the Financial Ombudsman Service. The Financial Ombudsman Service may 
order a money award to a customer, which may adversely affect the value at which the Finance 
Agreement could be realised and accordingly the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations 
under the Notes. The jurisdiction of the Financial Ombudsman Service has applied since 6 April 
2007. 
(k) 
Private rights of action under the FSMA
A customer who is a private person may have a right to claim damages for loss suffered as a 
result of any contravention by an FCA authorised person of a rule under the FSMA. From 1 April

--- Page 91 ---
- 78 - 
2014, such rules include rules in the CONC, which transposes certain requirements previously 
made under the CCA and in OFT guidance. The customer may set off the amount of the claim 
for contravention of CONC against the amount owing under the regulated consumer credit 
contract or any other credit agreement he has taken with the authorised person (or exercise 
analogous rights in Scotland or Northern Ireland). Any such set-off may adversely affect the 
Issuer's ability to make payments in full when due on the Notes.  
(l) 
Enforcement action by the FCA
The FCA has a broad range of enforcement powers under the FSMA which it can take against 
authorised firms where the firm breaches a requirement of the FSMA.  These powers include 
the ability to order restitution and implement consumer redress schemes under Section 404 of 
FSMA as well as product intervention powers where it considers there is the potential for 
significant consumer detriment. In addition where a lender or broker does not have the relevant 
permission an agreement will be unenforceable against the customer without an order of the 
FCA. 
(n) 
Servicing Requirements
RCI Financial Services Ltd must comply with certain post contract information requirements 
under the CCA. Failure to comply with these requirements may have a significant impact. For 
example: (a) the credit agreement is unenforceable against the customer for any period when 
the lender fails to comply with requirements as to periodic statements, arrears notices or default 
fee notices (although any such unenforceability may be cured prospectively by the lender 
complying with requirements as to periodic statements, arrears notices and default fee notices); 
(b) the customer is not liable to pay interest or default fees for any period when the lender fails 
to comply with requirements as to periodic statements or arrears notices; and (c) interest on 
default fees is restricted to nil until the 29th day after the day on which a notice of default fees 
is given and then to simple interest (i.e. interest may only be calculated on the principal amount 
of the default fee). 
Liability for misrepresentations and breach of contract and set-off 
(a) 
Regulated consumer credit contracts
Under section 75 of the CCA, a customer may make a claim against RCI Financial Services Ltd 
as well as a supplier for misrepresentations made by the supplier in a transaction between the 
supplier and the customer during negotiations between them before execution of the relevant 
regulated consumer credit contracts or for a breach of contract. This liability arises in relation to, 
for example, insurance products where the creditor can be liable to the customer for 
misrepresentation or breach of contract by an insurer (or a dealer on its behalf) in relation to an 
insurance contract between the insurer and the customer and financed by a regulated consumer 
credit contract. A customer may set-off the amount of the claim against the amount owing under 
the regulated consumer credit contract. Any such set-off may adversely affect the Issuer's ability 
to make payments in full when due on the Notes.  
In all the above circumstances, RCI Financial Services Ltd normally has a right to be reimbursed 
by the supplier for any amount paid to the customer regarding the customer's claim and any 
costs (including legal costs) incurred in defending the claim. 
In addition under section 56 of the CCA where a credit broker, such as a dealer, carries out 
antecedent negotiations with a debtor those negotiations will be deemed to be performed in the 
capacity of agent of the creditor as well as in his actual capacity.  As a result RCI Financial 
Services Ltd will be potentially liable for misrepresentations made by a credit broker involved in 
introducing a customer to RCI Financial Services Ltd. This liability arises in relation to the vehicle, 
and applies for example, to the dealer's promise to the customer on the quality or fitness of the 
vehicle, and can extend, for example, to the dealer's promise to apply a part-exchange 
allowance to discharge an existing credit agreement. If such pre-contractual statement is a

--- Page 92 ---
- 79 - 
misrepresentation or implied condition in the regulated consumer credit contract, then the 
customer has a right to, amongst other things, rescind the contract and return the goods, and to 
treat the contract as repudiated by RCI Financial Services Ltd and accept such repudiation by 
notice, and is not liable to make further payments, and may claim repayment of the amounts 
paid by the customer under the contract and damages such as the cost of hiring an alternative 
vehicle. The customer may set-off the amount of such money claim against the amount owing 
by the customer under the credit agreement or any other credit agreement he has taken with 
RCI Financial Services Ltd (or exercise analogous rights in Scotland or Northern Ireland). Such 
set-off may adversely affect the Issuer’s ability to make payments in full when due on the Notes.  
(b) 
All Finance Agreements (including regulated consumer credit contracts)  
Under the Supply of Goods (Implied Terms) Act 1973 a customer may also make a claim for 
breach of contract against RCI Financial Services Ltd or, potentially, terminate the Finance 
Agreement for repudiatory breach if the vehicle the subject of the Finance Agreement is not of 
satisfactory quality (which includes an assessment of whether it is fit for its intended purpose). 
For agreements entered into on or after 1 October 2015 by a customer acting wholly or mainly 
outside that customer's trade, business, craft or profession) equivalent protections are set out 
in the Consumer Rights Act 2015. 
RCI Financial Services Ltd cannot exclude liability for breach of a consumer's statutory rights 
arising either under the Supply of Goods (Implied Terms) Act 1973 or the Consumer Rights Act 
2015 and any exclusion where the customer is a business customer will be subject to a test of 
reasonableness. 
In the above circumstances, RCI Financial Services Ltd will normally have a right to claim 
against the dealer or supplier for any amount paid to the customer regarding the customer's 
claim and any costs (including legal costs) incurred in defending the claim. If such case arises 
and the customer's claim is successful, RCI Financial Services Ltd would also ordinarily seek to 
sell the vehicle back to the dealer. 
Protected Goods
If, under a regulated consumer credit contract, the customer has paid RCI Financial Services Ltd one-
third or more of the total amount payable under the relevant regulated consumer credit contract, the 
vehicle becomes "protected" under section 90 of the CCA and RCI Financial Services Ltd does not have 
the right to repossess it, unless RCI Financial Services Ltd first obtains an order from the court to this 
effect. If, however, the customer terminates the regulated consumer credit contract, the vehicle ceases 
to be "protected" and RCI Financial Services Ltd may effect repossession unless the court grants the 
customer a "time order" rescheduling the customer's outstanding liabilities under the regulated 
consumer credit contract, or otherwise exercises any other discretion which it may have under the CCA. 
If any of the Vehicles used by Obligors are protected, this could cause delays in recovering amounts 
due from the Obligors and may reduce amounts available to Noteholders. 
Other Risks Resulting from Consumer Legislation 
(a) 
Unfair Terms in Consumer Contracts Regulations 1999 
The Unfair Terms in Consumer Contracts Regulations 1999 (the "UTCC Regulations") apply in 
relation to the Finance Agreements involving consumers entered into before 1 October 2015. A 
customer may challenge a term in an agreement on the basis that it is "unfair" within the meaning 
of the UTCC Regulations and therefore not binding on the customer.  
A term will be regarded as unfair if, contrary to the requirement of good faith, it causes a 
significant imbalance in the parties' rights and obligations arising under the contract to the 
detriment of the consumer. There is no strict definition as to what will be an "unfair" term, 
although Schedule 2 to the UTCC Regulations provides a (non-exhaustive) list of terms that

--- Page 93 ---
- 80 - 
may potentially be deemed to be unfair. The assessment of unfairness will take into account all 
the circumstances at the time of the conclusion of the contract. 
Ultimately, only a court can decide whether a term is fair and it will take into account any relevant 
guidance published by the Competition and Markets Authority or the FCA. The FCA had 
previously published guidance on how it would interpret the UTCC Regulations. This guidance 
was withdrawn in March 2015 following a number of decisions by the Court of Justice of the 
European Community and the then impending enactment of the Consumer Rights Act 2015 on 
1 October 2015 and the repeal on that date of the UTCC Regulations. The FCA will also consider 
the terms of agreements, and how the terms are applied in light of their "Treating Customers 
Fairly" principle. In particular, they will look at whether satisfactory outcomes have been 
achieved for customers. 
For transactions entered into on and after 1 October 2015, the Consumer Rights Act 2015 will 
apply in place of the UTCC Regulations. The Consumer Rights Act 2015 continues to provide 
consumers with substantially the same rights as they enjoyed under the UTCC Regulations and 
also extends protection to announcements or other communications, whether or not in writing, 
that may be seen by the consumer that are related to the Finance Agreement. The Consumer 
Rights Act 2015 makes both consumer contracts and consumer notices unenforceable if they 
fail the fairness test; introduces a more stringent test for fairness by making main subject matter 
of the contract or terms which set the price subject to the fairness test if they are not both 
transparent and prominent; and introduces new terms into the list of potentially unfair clauses 
in consumer contracts. 
It is not certain whether the implementation of the Consumer Rights Act 2015 or changes to 
guidance will have an adverse effect on the receivables, RCI Financial Services Ltd, the Issuer 
and their respective businesses and operations. The broad and general wording of the UTCCR 
and the Consumer Rights Act 2015 makes any assessment of the fairness of terms largely 
subjective and makes it difficult to predict whether or not a court would find a term to be unfair. 
It is therefore possible that the agreements made with consumers may contain unfair terms, 
which may result in the possible unenforceability of those unfair terms. This may adversely affect 
the ability of the Issuer to dispose of receivables, or any part of the receivables, in a timely 
manner and/or the realisable value of the receivables, or any part of the receivables, and 
accordingly affect the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations under the Notes when due. 
It is not certain whether future changes to the Consumer Rights Act 2015, the manner in which 
the Consumer Rights Act 2015 is applied, interpreted or enforced, or changes to guidance 
relating to the Consumer Rights Act 2015 will have an adverse effect on the receivables, RCI 
Financial Services Ltd, the Issuer and their respective businesses and operations. This may 
adversely affect the ability of the Issuer to dispose of Receivables, or any part of the Receivables 
in a timely manner and/or the realisable value of the Receivables, or any part of the Receivables, 
and accordingly affect the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations under the Notes when due. 
(b) 
Unfair Commercial Practices Directive 2005
On 11 May 2005, the European Parliament and of the Council adopted the Unfair Commercial 
Practices Directive (SI 2005/29/EC) (the "UCPD"). The UCPD is a maximum harmonisation 
Directive, which means that (except for financial services and immoveable property) Member 
States may not impose more stringent terms than those provided for by the UCPD. 
The UCPD seeks to harmonise unfair trading laws in all Member States by: (i) introducing a 
general prohibition on traders not to treat consumers unfairly; (ii) obliging businesses not to 
mislead consumers through acts or omissions or through subjecting them to aggressive 
commercial practices such as high pressure selling techniques; and (iii) introducing a prohibition 
of specified practices that will be deemed unfair in all circumstances. The UCPD has a wide 
scope in that it prohibits unfair business-to-consumer practices in all sectors, however, it only 
focuses on the protection of economic interests. Other interests such as health, safety, taste or 
decency are outside its scope.

--- Page 94 ---
- 81 - 
The UCPD is intended to protect only the collective interests of consumers; it does not seek to 
provide individual consumers with a private right of action. 
The Consumer Protection from Unfair Trading Regulations 2008 (SI 2008/1277), or the 
"Consumer Protection Regulations", which implement the UCPD, came into force on 26 May 
2008. 
The Consumer Protection Regulations include three key restrictions: 
(i) 
Regulation 3 sets out a general prohibition of unfair commercial practices, so as to catch 
all practices which do not fall into the specific prohibitions of misleading and aggressive 
practices or the specifically banned practices. Under Regulation 3, a commercial 
practice is "unfair" if: 
(1) 
the practice contravenes the requirements of "professional diligence" (which is 
the special skill and care a trader may be reasonably expected to exercise 
commensurate with honest market practice or the general principle of good faith 
in its field of activity; and 
(2) 
the practice materially distorts or is likely to materially distort the economic 
behaviour of the average consumer with regard to the product in question. 
(ii) 
Regulations 5 to 7 set out specific prohibitions regarding misleading actions or 
omissions, and aggressive practices, respectively. 
(iii) 
Schedule 1 to the Consumer Protection Regulations contains a list of 31 specified 
commercial practices that are in all circumstances to be deemed unfair. Evidence of 
their effect, or likely effect, on the average consumer is not required to prove a breach 
under the Consumer Protection Regulations. 
Enforcers (such as the Competition Markets Authority and local trading standards authorities) 
may take civil enforcement action regarding a breach of the Consumer Protection Regulations 
and consumers also have a right to redress for prohibited practices, including a right to unwind 
agreements, claim damages or obtain a discount. 
The Consumer Protection (Amendment) Regulations 2014 have amended the Consumer 
Protection Regulations with effect from 1 October 2014 so as to give consumers a right to 
redress for prohibited practices, including a right to unwind agreements.  
The Consumer Protection Regulations require the Competition and Markets Authority (or before 
1 April 2014, the OFT) and local trading standards authorities to enforce the Consumer 
Protection Regulations by prosecution or by seeking an enforcement order to prevent a business 
from carrying on unfair practices. In addition, the FCA (or before 1 April 2014, the OFT) 
addresses unfair practices in its regulation of consumer finance. It is not certain whether any 
regulatory action or guidance related to the Consumer Protection Regulations will have a 
material adverse effect on the Finance Agreements and accordingly on the Issuer's ability to 
make payments in full when due on the Notes.

--- Page 95 ---
- 82 - 
RISK RETENTION AND SECURITISATION REGULATIONS REPORTING 
Article 6 of the UK Securitisation Regulation and Article 6 of the EU Securitisation Regulation  
The Seller, as originator, will retain a material net economic interest of not less than 5% in the 
securitisation as required by Article 6(1) of the UK Securitisation Regulation and Article 6(1) of the EU 
Securitisation Regulation (in the case of the EU Securitisation Regulation, not taking into account any 
relevant national measures). As of the Initial Issue Date, such interest will, in accordance with Article 
6(3)(d) of the UK Securitisation Regulation and Article 6(3)(d) of the EU Securitisation Regulation, be 
retained through the holding of the Class B Notes and the Subordinated Loan. 
The Seller has provided an undertaking with respect to the interest to be retained by it in the Master 
Receivables Transfer Agreement and the Note Purchase Agreement. 
The Seller has not selected Receivables to be sold to the Issuer with the aim of rendering losses on the 
Receivables sold to the Issuer, measured over a period of 4 years, higher than the losses over the same 
period on comparable assets held on the balance sheet of the Seller. 
Article 9(1) of the UK Securitisation Regulation and Article 9(1) of the EU Securitisation 
Regulation  
The Seller confirms that it has applied to the Receivables which will be transferred by it to the Issuer the 
same sound and well-defined criteria for credit-granting in accordance with Article 9(1) of the UK 
Securitisation Regulation and Article 9(1) of the EU Securitisation Regulation which it applies to non-
securitised Receivables. In particular, the Seller has: 
(a) applied the same clearly established processes for approving and, where relevant, amending, 
renewing and refinancing the Receivables; and 
(b) effective systems in place to apply those criteria and processes in order to ensure that credit 
granting is based on a thorough assessment of the Obligor's creditworthiness, taking appropriate 
account of factors relevant to verifying the prospect of the Obligor meeting his obligations under 
the related Finance Agreement. 
Reporting under the UK Securitisation Regulation and the EU Securitisation Regulation 
Reporting entity  
For the purposes of Article 7(2) of the UK Securitisation Regulation and Article 7(2) of the EU 
Securitisation Regulation, the Seller, as originator, and the Issuer have agreed that the Seller is 
designated as the entity responsible for compliance with the requirements of Article 7 of the UK 
Securitisation Regulation and Article 7 of the EU Securitisation Regulation and will either fulfil such 
requirements itself or shall procure that such requirements are complied with on its behalf. 
Information will also be made available by the Seller (or on behalf of the Seller) as required by Article 7 
of the EU Securitisation Regulation in accordance with the frequency and modalities provided for in that 
Article. 
Information available prior to the pricing of the Notes  
Transaction Documents 
In accordance with Article 7(1)(b) of the UK Securitisation Regulation and Article 7(1)(b) of the EU 
Securitisation Regulation, the Seller shall procure that the Cash Manager makes available, upon 
request, to potential investors the drafts of the Transaction Documents that are essential for the 
understanding of the transaction described in this Base Prospectus. 
Information available after the pricing of the Notes

--- Page 96 ---
- 83 - 
Servicing Report 
On behalf of the Seller, the Servicer will prepare the Servicing Reports in order to: 
(i)  
comply with Article 7(1)(a) of the EU Securitisation Regulation, which will contain loan by loan 
and other information in relation to the Portfolio and contain all the relevant information required 
by the EU Article 7 Technical Standards (such report being the "EU Servicing Report"); and 
(ii)  
save to the extent that the Seller is permitted by the FCA to provide only an EU Servicing Report, 
comply with Article 7(1)(a) of the UK Securitisation Regulation, which will contain loan by loan 
and other information in relation to the Portfolio and contain all the relevant information required 
by the UK Article 7 Technical Standards. 
Investor Report 
On behalf of the Seller, the Cash Manager will prepare the Investor Reports in order to: 
(i) 
comply with Article 7(1)(e) of the EU Securitisation Regulation, which will contain all the relevant 
information required by the EU Article 7 Technical Standards (such report being the "EU 
Investor Report"); and 
(ii)  
save to the extent that the Seller is permitted by the FCA to provide only an EU Investor Report, 
comply with Article 7(1)(e) of the UK Securitisation Regulation, which will contain all the relevant 
information required by the UK Article 7 Technical Standards.. 
The Cash Manager (on behalf of the Seller) shall make available each Servicing Report and Investor 
Report to the Noteholders, the competent authorities and, upon request, to potential noteholders at least 
each quarter and at the latest one month after the due date for the payment of interest in accordance 
with the UK Securitisation Regulation and the EU Securitisation Regulation.  
Inside Information and Significant Event Report 
In accordance with Article 7(1)(f) and Article 7(1)(g) of the UK Securitisation Regulation and Article 
7(1)(f) and Article 7(1)(g) of the EU Securitisation Regulation, the Seller shall procure that the Cash 
Manager makes available an inside information or significant event information report as required by 
and in accordance with Article 7(1)(f) and/or Article 7(1)(g) (as applicable) of the EU Securitisation 
Regulation and the EU Article 7 Technical Standards  (the "EU SR Inside Information and Significant 
Event Report") and (save to the extent that the Seller is permitted by the FCA to provide only an EU 
SR Inside Information and Significant Event Report) an inside information or significant event information 
report as required by and in accordance with Article 7(1)(f) and/or Article 7(1)(g) (as applicable) of the 
UK Securitisation Regulation and the UK Article 7 Technical Standards  (the "UK SR Inside Information 
and Significant Event Report"). 
The Cash Manager (on behalf of the Seller) shall make such EU SR Inside Information and Significant 
Event Report and/or UK SR Inside Information and Significant Event Report available without delay, in 
each case, to the Issuer, the Noteholders, the competent authorities and, upon request, to potential 
noteholders in accordance with the UK Securitisation Regulation and the EU Securitisation Regulation.  
BOE Cash Flow Model 
For the purpose of the Bank of England’s Sterling Monetary Framework, the Seller shall procure that 
the Cash Manager makes the BOE Cash Flow Model available to the Noteholders on an ongoing basis 
and to potential investors upon request. 
Base Prospectus and Transaction Documents 
In accordance with Article 7(1)(b) of the UK Securitisation Regulation and Article 7(1)(b) of the EU 
Securitisation Regulation, the Seller shall procure that the Cash Manager makes available to

--- Page 97 ---
- 84 - 
Noteholders and upon request, to potential investors, this Base Prospectus and the Transaction 
Documents.  
Article 5 of the UK Securitisation Regulation and Article 5 of the EU Securitisation Regulation  
Each prospective investor is required to independently assess and determine the sufficiency of the 
information described above and in this Base Prospectus generally for the purposes of complying with 
Article 5 of the UK Securitisation Regulation and, to the extent applicable, Article 5 of the EU 
Securitisation Regulation and, in the case of the EU Securitisation Regulation, any national measures 
which may be relevant and none of the Issuer, the Seller nor the Arranger makes any representation 
that the information described above or in this Base Prospectus is sufficient in all circumstances for such 
purposes.

--- Page 98 ---
- 85 - 
DESCRIPTION OF THE NOTES
In respect of a Series, the Class A Notes will initially be issued in global registered form in an aggregate 
principal amount equal to an initial Note Principal Amount Outstanding for such Class, which will be 
increased following any issue of Further Notes.  
In respect of a Series, the Global Notes representing the Class A Notes will be held under the NSS and 
will be deposited with the Common Safekeeper for both Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg.  
In respect of a Series, the Class B Notes will be represented by beneficial interests in Definitive Notes.  
The Series 2021-1 Class B Notes are not offered under this Base Prospectus. For so long as RCI 
Financial Services Ltd is the sole registered holder of the Series 2021-1 Class B  Notes, notwithstanding 
the terms and conditions of such Series 2021-1 Class B Notes, such Series 2021-1 Class B Notes will 
be represented by one single Definitive Note in the denomination of £291,667,000.00. 
The Registrar will maintain a register in which it will register the nominee for the Common Safekeeper 
as the owner of each Global Note and the relevant holder as the owner of each Definitive Note.  
Upon confirmation by the Common Safekeeper that it has custody of the Global Notes, the relevant 
Clearing Systems will record in book-entry form interests representing beneficial interests in such Global 
Notes ("Book-Entry Interests").  
In accordance with the rules and procedures for the time being of Euroclear or, as the case may be, 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, after receipt of any payment from the Paying Agent to the order of the  
Common Safekeeper, the respective systems will promptly credit their participants' accounts with 
payments in amounts proportionate to their respective ownership of Book-Entry Interests as shown in 
the records of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg. On each record date, Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg will determine the identity of the Class A Noteholders for the purposes of making payments 
to the relevant Class A Noteholders. The record date in respect of the cleared Class A Notes shall be 
one Clearing System Business Day prior to the relevant Payment Date, where "Clearing System 
Business Day" means a day on which each clearing system for which the cleared Notes are being held 
is open for business. 
Holders of Book-Entry Interests in the Global Note will be entitled to receive Class A Notes in definitive 
registered form (such exchanged notes being Definitive Notes) in the minimum denomination of 
£100,000 or a higher integral multiple of £1,000 up to and including £199,000, in exchange for their 
respective holdings of Book-Entry Interests if an Exchange Event occurs. 
Any Definitive Notes issued in exchange for Book-Entry Interests in any Global Note will be registered 
by the Registrar in such name or names as the Issuer shall instruct the Registrar (based on the 
instructions of the relevant Clearing System(s)). It is expected that such instructions will be based upon 
directions received by the relevant Clearing Systems from their participants with respect to ownership 
of the relevant Book-Entry Interests. Holders of Definitive Notes issued in exchange for Book-Entry 
Interests in any Global Note will not be entitled to exchange such Definitive Notes for Book-Entry 
Interests in such Global Note. Any Class A Notes issued in definitive form will be issued in registered 
form only and will be issued in a minimum denomination of £100,000 and a higher integral multiple of 
£1,000 up to and including £199,000. 
So long as the Class A Notes are represented in their entirety by any Global Note held on behalf of any 
Clearing System, notices to the Class A Noteholders shall be given by delivery of the relevant notice to 
the relevant Clearing System for communication by them to such Noteholders. Any such notice shall be 
deemed to have been given to the holders of the Class A Notes on the day on which said notice was 
given to the relevant Clearing System. So long as the relevant Class A Notes are admitted to trading 
and listed on the official list of Euronext Dublin, any such notice shall also be published in accordance 
with the relevant guidelines of Euronext Dublin by a notification in writing to the Company 
Announcements Office of Euronext Dublin. Notices to the Class B Noteholders shall be given in 
accordance with the Conditions.

--- Page 99 ---
- 86 - 
CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions (the "Conditions") which, subject to completion and 
as supplemented, amended and/or replaced in accordance with the provisions of the relevant Final 
Terms will apply to the Notes of a Series issued under the Programme.  
The Conditions will be applicable to any Notes represented by a Note in global form and the Notes in 
definitive form issued in exchange for the Notes in global form and which will be endorsed on such 
notes. 
Cars Alliance Master UK Plc (the "Issuer") has established an asset-backed note programme (the 
"Programme") for the issuance of asset backed fixed rate notes (the "Notes") denominated in GBP. 
Notes issued under the Programme are issued in series (a "Series"). The Notes issued in respect of a 
Series are constituted and secured by a trust deed dated on or about 7 October 2021 (the "Initial Issue 
Date") (the "Trust Deed") between the Issuer and HSBC Corporate Trustee Company (UK) Limited (the 
"Note Trustee", which expression includes the trustee or trustees for the time being of the Trust Deed) 
as trustee for, inter alios, the Noteholders (as defined in Condition 1 (Form, denomination and title)). 
The Issuer only contemplates the issuance of one Series under the Programme, being Series 2021-1 
on the Initial Issue Date. A Series will contain Class A Notes and Class B Notes (as defined in Condition 
1 (Form, denomination and title)). The Class A Notes will be represented by a global registered note 
(each, a "Global Note"), without interest coupons attached. The Class B Notes will be represented by 
definitive notes (each a “Definitive Note”). Each Note in a Series is the subject of final terms which 
supplement these terms and conditions in respect of the Notes of that Series (the "Final Terms"). The 
Conditions applicable to any Notes in a Series are these terms and conditions as completed and 
supplemented, amended and/or replaced by the relevant Final Terms in respect of that Series. In the 
event of any inconsistency between these Conditions and the relevant Final Terms, the relevant Final 
Terms shall prevail.  
The Notes issued under the Programme are secured pursuant to and on the terms set out in a deed of 
charge dated on or about the Initial Issue Date between the Issuer and HSBC Corporate Trustee 
Company (UK) Limited (in this capacity, the "Security Trustee", which expression includes its permitted 
successors and assigns) (the "Deed of Charge") on certain assets of the Issuer including, without 
limitation, the Issuer's rights, title, interest and benefit, present and future, in, under and to all its assets, 
including the Issuer's rights, title, interest and benefit, present and future, in, under and to certain of the 
Transaction Documents (as defined below) which include an agency agreement dated on or about the 
Initial Issue Date between the Issuer, the Note Trustee, HSBC Bank plc as paying agent (in such 
capacity, the "Paying Agent", which expression includes its permitted successors and assigns) and 
HSBC Bank plc as registrar (the "Registrar", which expression includes its permitted successors and 
assigns) (the "Agency Agreement"). 
The security created under the Deed of Charge, and all further security created under any document 
entered into pursuant thereto, are together referred to as the "Security". 
The Trust Deed, the Deed of Charge (and any document entered into pursuant thereto), the corporate 
services agreement dated on or about the Initial Issue Date between, inter alios, the Issuer, Cars 
Alliance UK Master Holdings Limited ("Holdings") and Intertrust Management Limited as corporate 
services provider (the "Corporate Services Provider", which expression includes its permitted 
successors and assigns) (the "Corporate Services Agreement"), the Agency Agreement, the master 
receivables transfer agreement dated on or about the Initial Issue Date between, inter alios, RCI 
Financial Services Ltd (the "Seller"), the Issuer, and the Security Trustee (the "Master Receivables 
Transfer Agreement"), the servicing agreement dated on or about the Initial Issue Date between the 
Issuer, RCI Financial Services Ltd (the "Servicer") and the Security Trustee (the "Servicing 
Agreement"), the bank account agreement dated on or about the Initial Issue Date between the Issuer, 
the Security Trustee and Lloyds Bank plc as account bank (the "Account Bank", which expressions 
include its permitted successors and assigns) (the "Bank Account Agreement"), the cash management 
agreement dated on or about the Initial Issue Date between, inter alios, the Issuer and Eurotitrisation 
S.A. as cash manager (the "Cash Manager", which expressions include its permitted successors and

--- Page 100 ---
- 87 - 
assigns) (the "Cash Management Agreement"), the seller power of attorney dated on or about the 
Initial Issue Date given by the Seller (the "Seller Power of Attorney"), the floating charge dated on or 
about the Initial Issue Date granted by the Seller in favour of the Issuer (the "Vehicle Floating Charge"), 
the declaration of trust granted by the Servicer as supplemented by a supplemental collection account 
declaration of trust on or about the Initial Issue Date, in favour of, among others, the Issuer (the "Servicer 
Collection Account Declaration of Trust"), each declaration of trust granted by the Seller in favour of 
the Issuer expressed to be governed by Scots law (the "Scottish Declarations of Trust"), the 
agreement dated on or before the Initial Issue Date between the Issuer and Euroclear Bank SA/NV and 
Clearstream Banking S.A. (the "Issuer ICSDs Agreement") and the master definitions agreement dated 
on or about the Initial Issue Date between, inter alios, the Issuer, the Seller, the Note Trustee and the 
Security Trustee (the "Master Definitions Agreement") are, together with the Global Notes, the 
Definitive Notes and these Conditions, referred to as the "Transaction Documents". References to 
each of the Transaction Documents are to it as from time to time modified in accordance with its 
provisions and any deed or other document expressed to be supplemental to it, as from time to time so 
modified. 
Statements in these terms and conditions (the "Conditions") are subject to the detailed provisions of 
the Trust Deed, the Deed of Charge, the Agency Agreement and the other Transaction Documents, 
copies of which are available for inspection (i) at the specified office for the time being of the Paying 
Agent and (ii) electronically upon request to the Paying Agent. The Noteholders (as defined in Condition 
1 (Form, denomination and title)) are entitled to the benefit of, are bound by and are deemed to have 
notice of all the provisions contained in the Trust Deed, the Deed of Charge, and those applicable to 
them in the Agency Agreement and the other Transaction Documents. 
References to "Conditions" are, unless the context otherwise requires, to the numbered paragraphs of 
these Conditions. Words and expressions used in these Conditions without definitions will have the 
meanings given to them in the Master Definitions Agreement. 
The creation of the Programme was authorised by a resolution of the board of directors of the Issuer 
passed on 27 September 2021. 
1. 
Form, denomination and title
(a) 
 The Notes of any Series are issued in the following form: 
(i) 
the Class A Notes are issued in registered global form in the denomination of 
£100,000 and integral multiples of £1,000 in excess of £100,000, up to and 
including £199,000. 
(ii) 
subject to Condition 1(d) below, the Class B Notes are issued in registered 
global form in the denomination of £100,000 and integral multiples of £1,000 in 
excess of £100,000, up to and including £199,000. 
(b) 
The Class A Notes which are offered and sold outside the United States to non-U.S. 
persons in reliance on Regulation S will be represented by beneficial interests in the 
Global Notes.  
(c) 
The Class B Notes will be represented by beneficial interests in the Definitive Notes.  
(d) 
For so long as RCI Financial Services Ltd is the sole registered holder of the Series 
2021-1 Class B  Notes, notwithstanding the terms of these Conditions, such Series 
2021-1 Class B Notes will be represented by one single Definitive Note in the 
denomination of £291,667,000.00. 
(e) 
The Issuer will cause to be kept at the specified office of the Registrar a register 
(the "Register") on which will be entered the names and addresses of the holders of 
the Notes and the particulars of such Notes held by them and all transfers, advances, 
payments (of interest and principal), repayments, redemptions, cancellations and

--- Page 101 ---
- 88 - 
replacements of such Notes. In these Conditions, "Class A Notes" or "Class B Notes", 
means, with respect to any Note, a Global Note or a Definitive Note, as the case may 
be and "Class A Noteholder" or "Class B Noteholder" means the Holder of a Class A 
Note or Class B Note, as applicable. 
(f) 
Except as ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction or as required by law, the Issuer, 
the Note Trustee, the Security Trustee, the Registrar and the Paying Agent 
(notwithstanding any notice to the contrary and whether or not it is overdue and 
notwithstanding any notation of ownership or writing on any Note or notice of any 
previous loss or theft of any Note) may (i) for the purpose of making payment on or on 
account of any Note deem and treat the person (or, in the case of a joint holding, the 
first named person) in whose name any Global Note or Definitive Note is registered at 
that time in the Register (which will be conclusive evidence of such holding in the 
absence of manifest error, fraud or wilful default) as the absolute owner of such Note 
and all rights under such Note free from all encumbrances, and will not be required to 
obtain further proof of such ownership or as to the identity of the registered holder of 
any Global Note or Definitive Note and (ii) for all other purposes deem and treat the 
person in whose name any Global Note or Definitive Note is registered at the relevant 
time in the Register as the absolute owner of and of all rights under such Note free from 
all encumbrances and will not be required to obtain further proof of such ownership or 
as to the identity of the registered holder of any Global Note or Definitive Note.  
Notwithstanding the above, so long as any of the Notes are represented by a Global 
Note, the terms "Noteholders" or "Holders" will include the persons then set out in the 
records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the holders of a particular 
principal amount of such Notes in units of £1,000 principal amount of Notes for all 
purposes other than in respect of the payment of principal and interest on such Notes, 
the right to which will be vested as against the Issuer solely in the holder of each Global 
Note in accordance with and subject to its terms. 
(g) 
A Note is not transferable except in accordance with the restrictions described in these 
Conditions and in the Trust Deed and the Agency Agreement. Any sale or transfer in 
violation of the foregoing will be of no force and effect, will be void ab initio, and will not 
operate to transfer any rights to the transferee, notwithstanding any instructions to the 
contrary given by the Issuer, the Note Trustee or any intermediary. Each transferor of a 
Note agrees to provide notice of the transfer restrictions set out in these Conditions and 
in the Trust Deed to the transferee. 
(h) 
No transfer of Notes will be valid unless entered on the Register and no transfer of Notes 
will be registered for a period of two Business Days immediately preceding each 
Payment Date of any of the relevant Notes. 
(i) 
Class A Notes which are represented by a Global Note will be transferable only in 
accordance with the rules and procedure for the time being of Clearstream, Luxembourg 
and Euroclear, as the case may be. 
(j) 
Series of a Class of Notes: 
(i) 
On a given Issue Date falling within the Revolving Period, all Notes of a Class 
issued on that date will constitute one or several Series of such Class of Notes, 
which shall be identified by means of: 
(1) 
a four digit number representing the year on which the Series was 
issued, in the following format: Series "20xx", followed by: 
(2) 
the number of such Series in respect of the relevant year, in the 
following format "y", 
(3) 
in the following format: Series 20xx-y.

--- Page 102 ---
- 89 - 
(k) 
General principles relating to a Series and a Class of Notes: 
(i) 
The Class A Notes of different Series shall not be fungible among themselves 
and the Class B Notes of different Series shall not be fungible among 
themselves. 
(ii) 
All Notes of the same Class issued within the same Series shall be fungible 
among themselves in accordance with and subject to the following provisions: 
(1) 
the Series 20xx-y Class A or B Notes of the same Series shall all bear 
the same interest rate in accordance with the provisions of Condition 4 
(Interest); 
(2) 
the interest rate payable under the Series 20xx-y Class A or B Notes of 
a given Series shall be paid on the same Payment Dates; and 
(3) 
The Series 20xx-y Class A or B Notes in respect of a given Series shall 
have the same Legal Final Maturity Date.  
2. 
Status and Security
(a) 
Status
The Notes of any Series constitute secured, limited recourse obligations of the Issuer, 
ranking, as between each Class, pro rata and pari passu without any preference among 
themselves subject as provided in these Conditions. 
(b) 
Security 
As security for the Secured Obligations, the Issuer has entered into the Deed of Charge 
as described above creating the Security as described above in favour of the Security 
Trustee for itself and on trust for the Secured Creditors.  
(c) 
Application of proceeds
The aggregate gross proceeds from the issue of the Notes will be used to purchase the 
Transferred Receivables from RCI Financial Services Ltd, against payment of the Initial 
Purchase Price.  
The aggregate gross proceeds from the issuance of any Further Notes during the 
Revolving Period and will be used to finance the purchase by the Issuer of receivables 
arising against Obligors under Finance Agreements for the acquisition of vehicles 
granted to such Obligors by RCI Financial Services Ltd pursuant to the terms and under 
the conditions of the Master Receivables Transfer Agreement and for the redemption of 
existing series of Notes as agreed with the holders of the Notes. 
(d) 
Revolving Period Priority of Payments 
On each Payment Date during the Revolving Period, the Available Funds in respect of 
the immediately preceding Collection Period on deposit in the General Collection 
Account will be applied by the Cash Manager in accordance with the following order of 
priority together with any amount in respect of VAT (if any) on those amounts as 
provided for under the Transaction Documents (in each case if and to the extent that 
payments of a higher priority have been made in full): 
(i) 
(with the exception of amounts to pay or discharge the Issuer's liability to 
corporation tax (if any) to be debited from the Issuer Profit Ledger in accordance 
with the Cash Management Agreement) amounts payable in respect of Taxes 
(if any) by the Issuer;

--- Page 103 ---
- 90 - 
(ii) 
to pay arrears of the Issuer Expenses due and payable on a previous Payment 
Date and remaining unpaid on such Payment Date; 
(iii) 
to pay the Issuer Expenses; 
(iv) 
to pay to the Servicer arrears of the Servicing Fee due and payable on a 
previous Payment Date and remaining unpaid on such Payment Date; 
(v)
to pay to the Servicer the Servicing Fee;
(vi)  
pari passu and pro rata to pay the Class A Notes Interest Amounts to the Paying 
Agent, for the account of the Class A Noteholders; 
(vii)  
to credit the General Reserve Account up to the General Reserve Required 
Level as at the Calculation Date immediately preceding such Payment Date; 
(viii)  
(if applicable) to pay the Class A Notes Partial Early Amortisation Amount to 
the Paying Agent for the account of the Class A Noteholders; 
(ix) 
amounts payable to the Seller in respect of the Monthly Receivables Purchase 
Amount;  
(x)  
towards transfer of the Residual Revolving Basis to the Revolving Account; 
(xi)  
amounts payable in respect of accrued and unpaid interest on the Class B 
Notes;  
(xii) 
(if applicable) to pay the Class B Notes Partial Early Amortisation Amount to the 
Paying Agent for the account of the Class B Noteholders; 
(xiii)  
to repay any Subordinated Loan then outstanding to the Subordinated Lender, 
in an amount equal to the General Reserve Decrease Amount in respect of such 
Payment Date and amounts payable in respect of accrued and unpaid interest 
on such Subordinated Loan; 
(xiv)  
to pay: 
(a)  
interest (including accrued interest) due and payable under the 
Subordinated Loan to the Subordinated Lender and, thereafter; 
(b) 
(if applicable) the Subordinated Loan Advance Repayment Amount to 
the Subordinated Lender in respect of a Partial Early Amortisation; 
(xv)  
to the extent there are Available Funds remaining, towards payment to the 
Seller as Deferred Purchase Price. 
(e) 
Pre-Enforcement Amortisation Period Priority of Payments
On each Payment Date during the Pre-Enforcement Amortisation Period, the Available 
Funds in respect of the immediately preceding Collection Period on deposit in the 
General Collection Account will be applied by the Cash Manager in accordance with the 
following order of priority together with any amount in respect of VAT (if any) on those 
amounts as provided for under the Transaction Documents (in each case if and to the 
extent that payments of a higher priority have been made in full): 
(i)  
(with the exception of amounts to pay or discharge the Issuer's liability to 
corporation tax (if any) to be debited from the Issuer Profit Ledger in 
accordance with the Cash Management Agreement) amounts payable in 
respect of Taxes (if any) by the Issuer;

--- Page 104 ---
- 91 - 
(ii)  
to pay arrears of the Issuer Expenses due and payable on a previous Payment 
Date and remaining unpaid on such Payment Date; 
(iii)  
to pay the Issuer Expenses; 
(iv)
to pay to the Servicer arrears of the Servicing Fee due and payable on a 
previous Payment Date and remaining unpaid on such Payment Date; 
(v)  
to pay to the Servicer the Servicing Fee;  
(vi)  
pari passu and pro rata to pay the Class A Notes Interest Amounts to the Paying 
Agent, for the account of the Class A Noteholders; 
(vii)  
to credit the General Reserve Account up to the General Reserve Required 
Level as at the Calculation Date immediately preceding such Payment Date; 
(viii)  
to pay the Class A Notes Amortisation Amount to the Paying Agent for the 
account of the Class A Noteholders; 
(ix)  
to pay the Class B Notes Interest Amounts to the Paying Agent, for the account 
of the Class B Noteholder; 
(x)  
to pay the Class B Note Amortisation Amount to the Paying Agent for the 
account of the Class B Noteholder; 
(xi)  
to repay any Subordinated Loan then outstanding to the Subordinated Lender, 
in an amount equal to the General Reserve Decrease Amount in respect of 
such Payment Date and amounts payable in respect of accrued and unpaid 
interest on such Subordinated Loan; 
(xii)  
to pay: 
(a)  
interest (including accrued interest) due and payable under the 
Subordinated Loan to the Subordinated Lender and, thereafter; 
(b) 
the Subordinated Loan Advance Repayment Amount to the 
Subordinated Lender; 
(xiii)  
to the extent there are Available Funds remaining, towards payment to the 
Seller as Deferred Purchase Price. 
(f) 
Enforcement of the Security
Following the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default and the service of a Note 
Acceleration Notice in accordance with Condition 10 (Events of Default) below the 
Security will become immediately enforceable (except where the Note Acceleration 
Notice has been served as a result of an Insolvency Event occurring solely due to the 
Issuer obtaining, or taking steps to obtain, a moratorium under the UK Insolvency Act 
2000). The Note Trustee may at its discretion direct the Security Trustee to take action 
to enforce the Security, and will direct the Security Trustee to take such action to enforce 
the Security as directed in writing by the holders of at least 25% in Note Principal 
Amount Outstanding of the Most Senior Class of Notes or if so directed by an 
Extraordinary Resolution of the Most Senior Class of Notes, subject in each case to the 
Note Trustee and the Security Trustee having been indemnified and/or secured and/or 
pre-funded to its satisfaction. 
The Note Trustee may at any time, at its discretion (and will do so if it has been directed 
in writing to do so by the holders of at least 25% in Note Principal Amount Outstanding 
of the Most Senior Class of Notes or if so directed by an Extraordinary Resolution of the

--- Page 105 ---
- 92 - 
Most Senior Class of Notes at the relevant date), subject in each case to the Note 
Trustee having been indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction, 
and without notice and in such manner as it deems appropriate: 
(i) 
take such proceedings and/or other steps as it may deem appropriate against 
or with respect to the Issuer or any other person to enforce its obligations under 
the Trust Deed, the Transaction Documents or these Conditions and/or take 
any other proceedings (including lodging an appeal in any proceedings) with 
respect to or concerning the Issuer; and/or 
(ii) 
exercise any of its rights under, or in connection with, the Trust Deed or any 
other Transaction Document; and/or 
(iii) 
give any directions to the Security Trustee under or in connection with any 
Transaction Document. 
To the extent that the Note Trustee acts in accordance with such directions of the Most 
Senior Class of Notes, as described above, it will have no obligation to take the interests 
of any other party into account or to follow any direction given by any other party.  
(g) 
Post-Enforcement Period Priority of Payments 
Following the delivery of a Note Acceleration Notice by the Note Trustee pursuant to 
the Trust Deed, the Security Trustee shall apply all moneys (other than (i) amounts 
representing Excluded Proceeds and (ii) amounts recorded in the Issuer Profit Ledger) 
received by it under the Transaction Documents in connection with the realization or 
enforcement of the Security in making the following payments in the following order of 
priority together with any amount in respect of VAT (if any) on those amounts as 
provided for under the Transaction Documents (in each case only to the extent that all 
payments of a higher priority have been made in full): 
(i) 
(with the exception of amounts to pay or discharge the Issuer's liability to 
corporation tax (if any) to be debited from the Issuer Profit Ledger in accordance 
with the Cash Management Agreement) amounts payable in respect of Taxes 
(if any) by the Issuer; 
(ii) 
to pay arrears of the Issuer Expenses due and payable on a previous Payment 
Date and remaining unpaid on such date; 
(iii) 
to pay the Issuer Expenses; 
(iv) 
to pay to the Servicer arrears of the Servicing Fee due and payable on a 
previous Payment Date and remaining unpaid on such date; 
(v) 
to pay to the Servicer the Servicing Fee;  
(vi) 
upon and following the occurrence of an Insolvency Event in relation to the 
Seller and provided that the Seller Performance Criteria are satisfied as at the 
Test Date immediately prior to any date on which the Security Trustee is to 
apply such payment, any Administrator Recovery Incentive Fee payable to the 
Seller; 
(vii) 
pari passu and pro rata, amounts payable in respect of accrued and unpaid 
interest on the Class A Notes (including, without limitation, overdue interest 
which shall be paid in priority to all other amounts in this item); 
(viii) 
pari passu and pro rata to the Class A Noteholder, to repay the Note Principal 
Amount Outstanding in respect of the Class A Notes;

--- Page 106 ---
- 93 - 
(ix) 
amounts payable in respect of accrued and unpaid interest on the Class B Note 
(including, without limitation, overdue interest); 
(x) 
pari passu and pro rata, to the Class B Noteholder, to repay the Note Principal 
Amount Outstanding in respect of the Class B Notes; 
(xi) 
amounts payable in respect of accrued and unpaid interest and principal on the 
Subordinated Loan (including, without limitation, overdue interest) to the 
Subordinated Lender; and 
(xii) 
to the extent there are Available Funds remaining, towards payment to the 
Seller of the Deferred Purchase Price. 
(h) 
Shortfall after application of proceeds
If the net proceeds of the Security being enforced and liquidated in accordance with the 
Deed of Charge are not sufficient, after payment of all other claims ranking in priority to 
the Notes, to cover all payments due on the Notes, the obligations of the Issuer under 
the Notes will be limited to such net proceeds and such net proceeds will be applied in 
accordance with the Deed of Charge and no other assets of the Issuer will be available 
for any further payments on the Notes. The right to receive any further payments of any 
such shortfall remaining after enforcement of the Security and application of the 
proceeds of the Security in accordance with the Post-Enforcement Period Priority of 
Payments will be extinguished. 
(i) 
Relationship between the Class A Notes and the Class B Notes
(i) 
The Notes within each Class will rank pari passu and rateably without any 
preference or priority among themselves as to payments of interest and 
principal at all times.  
(ii) 
Payments of principal on the Class A Notes will at all times rank in priority to 
payments of principal on the Class B Notes in accordance with the applicable 
Priority of Payments. 
(iii) 
Payments of interest on the Class A Notes will at all times rank in priority to 
payments of interest on the Class B Notes in accordance with the applicable 
Priority of Payments. 
(iv) 
If the Issuer does not have sufficient Available Funds on the relevant Payment 
Date to meet interest payments on the Class A Notes or the Class B Notes in 
full, any shortfall will be borne by: 
(A)  
firstly, the Class B Notes; and  
(B) 
secondly, to the extent that interest due on the Class B Notes on such 
Payment Date is less than such shortfall, the Class A Notes,  
in each case, pro rata and pari passu between the Notes of such Class and, if 
applicable, subject to deferral in accordance with Condition 6 (Deferral of 
interest and subordination). 
(vi) 
No amount of principal of the Class B Notes will become due and payable until 
redemption and payment in full of the Class A Notes.  
(vii) 
The Trust Deed contains provisions requiring the Note Trustee to take into 
account the interests of the Class A Noteholders and the Class B Noteholders 
equally as regards all powers, trusts, authorities, duties and discretions of the 
Note Trustee (except where expressly provided otherwise), but requiring the

--- Page 107 ---
- 94 - 
Note Trustee, in any such case, to take into account only the interest of, for so 
long as any Class A Notes remain outstanding, the Class A Noteholders if, in 
the opinion of the Note Trustee there is a conflict between the interests of the 
Class A Noteholders and the interests of the Class B Noteholders. 
(vii) 
No Class of Noteholders may request or direct the Note Trustee or the Issuer 
to take any action or pass any effective Extraordinary Resolution or Ordinary 
Resolution if the effect of the same would, in the sole opinion of the Note 
Trustee, be materially prejudicial to the interests of any more senior ranking 
Class of Noteholders, and neither the Note Trustee nor the Issuer will be 
responsible to such Class of Noteholders for disregarding any such request, 
direction or resolution. 
(j) 
Assumption of no material prejudice 
The Note Trustee will be entitled to assume, for the purposes of exercising any right, 
power, duty or discretion under or with respect to these Conditions, the Trust Deed, the 
Deed of Charge or any of the other Transaction Documents or for the purposes of 
paragraphs (v), (vi) or (vii) of Condition 2(i) (Relationship between the Class A Notes 
and the Class B Notes), that to do so will not be materially prejudicial to the interests of 
the Noteholders or the relevant Class (i) if it has obtained the consent of the Noteholders 
of the relevant Class or (ii) if the Note Trustee is satisfied that the current ratings of the 
Notes will not be affected or (iii) with respect to a non-economic or non-financial matter, 
if the Note Trustee obtains an opinion of counsel to such effect. 
3. 
Covenants 
(a) 
So long as any of the Notes remains outstanding, the Issuer shall: 
(i) 
comply with and perform all its obligations under the Transaction Documents 
and use all reasonable endeavours to procure that each party to any of the 
Transaction Documents complies with and performs all their respective 
obligations thereunder; 
(ii) 
at all times use all reasonable endeavours to procure that a Servicer is 
appointed in accordance with the terms of the Servicing Agreement and that a 
Cash Manager is appointed in accordance with the terms of the Cash 
Management Agreement; and 
(iii) 
at all times ensure that its central management and control is exercised in the 
United Kingdom. 
(b) 
So long as any of the Notes remains outstanding, the Issuer will not without the prior 
consent of the Note Trustee, unless otherwise provided, permitted or contemplated by 
these Conditions or the Transaction Documents: 
(i) 
carry on any business other than performing its functions and duties and 
discharging its obligations and liabilities set out in the Transaction Documents 
and with respect to that business will not engage in any activity whatsoever 
which is not incidental to or necessary in connection with any of the activities in 
which the Transaction Documents provide or do anything except: 
(1) 
finance, acquire, hold and dispose of the Transferred Receivables; 
(2) 
issue, enter into, amend, exchange, repurchase or cancel the Notes; 
(3) 
enter into, amend, consent to any variation of, or release any party from 
any obligation under, any of the Notes, the Transaction Documents and

--- Page 108 ---
- 95 - 
agreements relating or incidental to the issue and constitution of, and 
the granting of security for, the Notes; 
(4) 
own and exercise its rights with respect to the Security and its interests 
in the Security and perform its obligations with respect to the Security 
and the Transaction Documents; 
(5) 
preserve and/or exercise and/or enforce any of its rights and perform 
and observe its obligations under the Notes, the Transaction 
Documents and agreements relating or incidental to the issue and 
constitution of, and the granting of security for the Notes; 
(6) 
use any of its property or assets in the manner provided in or 
contemplated by the Transaction Documents; and 
(7) 
perform any other act incidental to or necessary in connection with the 
above;  
(ii) 
have any employees or own any premises; 
(iii) 
incur any financial indebtedness with respect to borrowed money or give any 
guarantee or indemnity in respect of any financial indebtedness or of any other 
obligation of any person or enter into any hedging or derivative contract except, 
in each case, under the Notes or pursuant to the Transaction Documents; 
(iv) 
create or permit any mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or any encumbrance or 
other security interest over, any of, its assets or undertaking (other than for the 
avoidance of doubt, any security created pursuant to the Deed of Charge or as 
expressly contemplated by the Transaction Documents); 
(v) 
permit the validity or effectiveness of or the priority of the Security created by 
the Deed of Charge or the priority of any security interests created or evidenced 
thereby to be amended, varied, terminated, postponed or discharged, or permit 
any person or any party to any of the Transaction Documents to which it is a 
party whose obligations form part of the Security to be released from such 
obligations; 
(vi) 
transfer, sell, lend, use, invest, part with or otherwise dispose of, or deal with, 
or grant any option or present or future right to acquire any of its assets or 
undertakings or any interest, estate, right, title or benefit therein;  
(vii) 
pay any dividend or make any other distribution to its shareholders or issue any 
further shares other than payment of dividends in any accounting period which 
do not exceed the aggregate amount left to the Issuer after Tax (if any) is 
charged on the Issuer Profit Amount; 
(viii) 
commingle its property or assets with the property or assets of any other person; 
(ix) 
consolidate or merge with any other person or convey or transfer its properties 
or assets substantially as an entirety to any person; 
(x) 
have any subsidiaries or subsidiary undertakings (each as defined in the 
Companies Act 2006) or become part of any group of companies for VAT 
purposes; 
(xi) 
have an "establishment" (as defined in the UK Insolvency Regulation and the 
UNCITRAL Implementing Regulations) or take any action that will cause its 
"centre of main interests" (for the purposes of the UK Insolvency Regulation and 
the UNCITRAL Implementing Regulations) to be located in any jurisdiction other

--- Page 109 ---
- 96 - 
than the United Kingdom or register as a company in any jurisdiction other than 
England; 
(xii) 
issue any shares in the Issuer (other than such shares as are in issue as at the 
Initial Issue Date); 
(xiii) 
permit any of the Transaction Documents to which it is a party to become invalid 
or ineffective or exercise any right to terminate any of the Transaction 
Documents to which it is a party; 
(xiv) 
have an interest in any bank account other than the Issuer Accounts and (under 
the Servicer Collection Account Declaration of Trust) the Servicer Collection 
Accounts, open any further account for the purposes of depositing any monies 
it receives in connection with the Transaction Documents, unless such account 
is secured in favour of the Security Trustee for the benefit of the Secured 
Creditors; 
(xv) 
agree to any modification of, or grant any consent, approval, authorisation or 
waiver pursuant to, or in connection with, any of the Transaction Documents to 
which it is a party; 
(xvi) 
permit any person or any party to any of the Transaction Documents to which it 
is a party to be released from its obligations; 
(xvii) 
prejudice its eligibility for its corporation tax liability to be calculated in 
accordance with regulation 14 of the TSC Regulations; 
(xviii) 
acquire obligations or securities of its officers or shareholders; and 
(xix) 
amend its articles of association or any of its other constitutional documents. 
In giving its consent to the foregoing, the Note Trustee may require the Issuer to amend the 
Transaction Documents and/or may impose such other conditions as it deems to be in the 
interests of the Noteholders, in accordance with Condition 12 (Meetings of Noteholders, 
amendments, waiver, substitution and exchange) below. 
4. 
Interest
(a)
Interest calculation
Each Note shall bear interest on its Note Principal Amount Outstanding from the Initial 
Issue Date until the close of the day preceding the day on which such Note has been 
redeemed in full at the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Note 
Interest Rate (calculated in the manner set out in Condition 4(e) (Calculations)), payable 
in arrear on each Payment Date from (and including) the Initial Issue Date, subject to 
Condition 6 (Deferral of interest and subordination). 
Interest due on a Payment Date will accrue on the Note Principal Amount Outstanding 
of each Note at the beginning of the relevant Interest Period. 
Interest will cease to accrue on each Note (or, in the case of the redemption of part only 
of a Note, that part only of such Note) on the due date for redemption unless any amount 
due remains outstanding, in which case interest will continue to accrue on the unpaid 
amount of principal (as well after as before judgment) until the Relevant Date at a rate 
equal to the Note Interest Rate. Such interest will be added annually to the overdue sum 
and will itself bear interest accordingly, at the rates for overnight deposits so determined. 
(b)
Interest Period

--- Page 110 ---
- 97 - 
"Interest Period" means, in respect of the first Payment Date, the period commencing 
on (and including) the Initial Issue Date and ending on (but excluding) the first Payment 
Date and in respect of any subsequent Payment Date, the period commencing on (and 
including) the immediately preceding Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) such 
Payment Date, provided that the last Interest Period shall end on (but exclude) the Legal 
Final Maturity Date or, if earlier, the date on which all Notes are redeemed in full. 
(c)
Note Interest Rate 
The Note Interest Rate for each Interest Period will be specified in the relevant Final 
Terms (being equal to or below the Maximum Note Interest Rate with respect to the 
Class A Notes).  
(d)
Calculations
(i) 
The amount of interest payable on each Note for any Interest Period will be 
calculated by taking the aggregate of (1) the product of the relevant Note 
Interest Rate, the Note Principal Amount Outstanding of such Note at the 
beginning of such Interest Period and the Day Count Fraction (the "Interest 
Amount") and (2) any Interest Shortfall relating to such Note (as applicable) 
and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest whole penny (half a penny being 
rounded upwards), in each case, subject to Condition 6 (Deferral of interest and 
subordination). 
(ii) 
The Class A Notes Interest Amount and the Class B Notes Interest Amount to 
be paid on the Notes for each Interest Period will be determined by the Cash 
Manager. All calculations made by the Cash Manager will (in the absence of 
manifest or proven error) be conclusive for all purposes and binding on the Note 
Trustee, the Noteholders and all other parties. 
(e) 
Publication of the Interest Amounts
With respect to each Payment Date, on the Calculation Date preceding such Payment 
Date, the Cash Manager shall notify the Issuer, the Corporate Services Provider, the 
Registrar, the Paying Agent, the Note Trustee and, on behalf of the Issuer, by means of 
notification in accordance with Condition 15 (Notices), the Noteholders, and for so long 
as any of the Class A Notes are listed on the official list and are admitted to trading on 
the regulated market of Euronext Dublin through the Paying Agent, of the following: 
(i) 
the amount of principal payable in respect of each Class A Note and each Class 
B Note pursuant to this Condition 4 (Interest) in accordance with the applicable 
Priority of Payments; 
(ii) 
the Aggregate Note Principal Amount Outstanding of  Class A Notes and the 
Aggregate Note Principal Amount Outstanding of  Class B Notes as from such 
Payment Date; 
(iii) 
in the event of the final payment in respect of the Notes pursuant to Condition 
5 (Redemption), the fact that such payment is the final payment; and 
(iv) 
in the event of the payment of interest and redemption after the service of a 
Note Acceleration Notice, the amounts of interest and principal to be paid in 
accordance with Condition 10 (Events of Default) and the Post-Enforcement 
Period Priority of Payments. 
Each determination by or on behalf of the Issuer of any principal payable and the Note 
Principal Amount Outstanding of a Note will in each case (in the absence of fraud, wilful 
default or manifest or proven error) be final and binding on all persons.

--- Page 111 ---
- 98 - 
5. 
Redemption
(a)
Final redemption
Unless previously redeemed in full as provided below, the Issuer will redeem the Notes 
at their respective Note Principal Amount Outstanding on the Legal Final Maturity Date.  
The Issuer may not redeem the Notes in whole or in part prior to the Legal Final Maturity 
Date except as provided in Condition 5(b) (Optional redemption for taxation reasons), 
Condition 5(c) (Mandatory early redemption in part), Condition 5(d) (Clean-Up Call) and 
Condition 5(e) (Partial Early Amortisation) but without prejudice to Condition 10 (Events 
of Default). 
(b)
Optional redemption for taxation reasons
If, following a change of applicable law, regulation or interpretation of such law or 
regulation after the Initial Issue Date, the Issuer is, on the occasion of any future 
payment due on the Notes, required to deduct, withhold or account for or on account of, 
any present or future Taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever 
nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by the United Kingdom or any 
political sub-division thereof or any Tax Authority thereof or therein or any other Tax 
Authority outside the United Kingdom, so that: 
(i) 
the Issuer is unable to make payment of the full amount due on the Notes (as a 
direct consequence of the above events) or the cost to the Issuer of making 
payments on the Notes or of complying with its obligations under or in 
connection with the Notes would be materially increased; 
(ii) 
the operating or administrative expenses of the Issuer would be materially 
increased; or 
(iii) 
the Issuer would be obliged to make any material payment on, with respect to, 
or calculated by reference to, its income or any sum received or receivable by 
or on behalf of the Issuer from the Security or any of it, 
the Issuer will promptly so inform the Note Trustee and will use its reasonable 
endeavours (which will not require it to incur any loss, excluding immaterial, incidental 
expenses) to determine within 20 calendar days of such circumstance occurring 
whether it would be practicable to arrange the substitution of a company incorporated 
in another jurisdiction as the principal debtor or to change its tax residence to another 
jurisdiction (provided that the Issuer will only use such reasonable endeavours to so 
determine if such a substitution or change could reasonably be expected to avoid such 
withholding or deduction or account). If the Issuer determines that any of such measures 
would be practicable, it will have a further period of 60 calendar days to effect such 
substitution or change of tax residence. If, however, it determines within 20 calendar 
days of such circumstance occurring that none of such measures would be practicable 
or if, having determined that any of such measures would be practicable, it is unable so 
to avoid such withholding or deduction or account within such further period of 60 
calendar days, then the Issuer may, at its election, but will not be obliged to, at any time 
thereafter give not more than 60 nor less than 30 calendar days' (or such shorter period 
expiring on or before the latest date permitted by relevant law) irrevocable notice to the 
Note Trustee, the Paying Agent, the Registrar and the Noteholders, in accordance with 
Condition 15 (Notices), of its intention to redeem and of the date fixed for redemption 
(which must be a Payment Date falling after the expiry of such notice period) and will 
on such date redeem all but not some only of the Notes at their Note Principal Amount 
Outstanding together with accrued interest to that date, provided that prior to the 
publication of any such irrevocable notice of redemption, the Issuer will deliver to the 
Note Trustee a certificate signed by two directors of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is

--- Page 112 ---
- 99 - 
entitled to effect such redemption and setting out a statement of facts showing that the 
conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer so to redeem have occurred. The 
Note Trustee will be entitled to accept such certificate as sufficient evidence of the 
satisfaction of the circumstances set out above without liability for relying thereon, and 
such certificate will be conclusive and binding on the Noteholders. 
(c)
Mandatory early redemption in part
(i)   
 On each Payment Date during the Pre-Enforcement Amortisation Period, and 
as long as they are not fully redeemed, the Class A Notes will be subject to 
mandatory redemption in part on each Payment Date pari passu and pro rata
to their respective outstanding amounts then due, being in respect of the Class 
A Notes, an amount equal to the relevant Class A Notes Amortisation Amount, 
in accordance with the Pre-Enforcement Amortisation Period Priority of 
Payments. 
(ii)   
On each Payment Date during the Pre-Enforcement Amortisation Period, and 
as long as they are not fully redeemed, the Class B Notes will be subject to 
mandatory redemption in part on each Payment Date pari passu and pro rata
to their respective outstanding amounts then due, being in respect of the Class 
B Notes, an amount equal to the relevant Class B Notes Amortisation Amount, 
in accordance with the Pre-Enforcement Amortisation Period Priority of 
Payments. 
(d)
Clean-Up Call 
(i) 
On any Payment Date following the Calculation Date on which the Aggregate 
Principal Outstanding Balance of the Transferred Receivables is equal to or less 
than 10% of the Aggregate Principal Outstanding Balance of the Transferred 
Receivables as at the Initial Cut-Off Date, the Seller will (provided that on the 
relevant Payment Date no Note Acceleration Notice has been served) have the 
option under the Master Receivables Transfer Agreement (the "Clean-Up Call") 
to repurchase all Transferred Receivables then outstanding against payment of 
the Final Repurchase Price, subject to the following requirements (the "Clean-
Up Call Conditions"): 
(1) 
the final repurchase price (the "Final Repurchase Price") should be at 
least equal to the sum of (A) the Aggregate Note Principal Amount 
Outstanding of all Notes plus (B) accrued interest thereon plus (C) all 
claims of any creditors of the Issuer ranking prior to the claims of the 
Class A Noteholders and the Class B Noteholders according to the 
applicable Priority of Payments that would otherwise remain 
outstanding after application of any Available Funds (including, for the 
avoidance of doubt, the balance of the General Reserve Account on 
that Payment Date) and Available Funds on the date which is two 
Business Days prior to the Repurchase Date may be subject to 
contractually agreed netting; and 
(2) 
the Seller shall have notified the Issuer and the Note Trustee of its 
intention to exercise the Clean-Up Call at least 10 calendar days prior 
to the contemplated settlement date of the Clean-Up Call. 
(ii) 
Upon payment in full of the amounts specified in Condition 5(d)(i)(1) above to, 
or for the order of, the Noteholders, no Noteholders shall be entitled to receive 
any further payments of interest or principal. 
(e)
Partial Early Amortisation

--- Page 113 ---
- 100 - 
If a Partial Early Amortisation Event occurs during the Revolving Period, then, on the 
immediately following Payment Date, the Class A Notes and the Class B Notes will be 
subject to mandatory redemption in a total amount equal to the Partial Early 
Amortisation Amount, in accordance with the Revolving Period Priority of Payments.  
(f)
Cancellation
Any Notes redeemed in full or, as the case may be, in part by the Issuer will promptly 
be cancelled in full or, as the case may be, in part in which case they will not be resold 
or re-issued and the obligations of the Issuer under any such Notes will be discharged. 
If the Issuer redeems some of the Class A Notes and/or the Class B Notes such partial 
redemption will be effected in accordance with the rules and procedures of Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or Euroclear (to be reflected in the records of Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and Euroclear, as either a pool factor or a reduction in nominal amount, at 
their discretion). 
(g)
Notes Principal Amount Outstanding 
The "Note Principal Amount Outstanding" means, with respect to any Payment Date, 
the principal amount of any Note (rounded, if necessary, to the nearest GBP 0.01 with 
GBP 0.005 being rounded upwards) equal to the initial principal amount of such Note 
(as at the Initial Issue Date) as, on or before such Payment Date, reduced by all 
amounts paid in respect of principal on such Note prior to or on such Payment Date. 
6. 
Deferral of interest and subordination
(a)  
To the extent that, on any Payment Date (other than the Legal Final Maturity Date), 
there are insufficient funds to pay in full amounts of interest due on any Class of Notes 
(other than all interest on the Most Senior Class of Notes then outstanding), the amount 
of shortfall in interest (the "Interest Shortfall") will not fall due on that Payment Date.  
Instead the Issuer will, in respect of each affected Class of Notes, create a provision in 
its accounts for the Interest Shortfall on the relevant Payment Date.  
(b)  
Such Interest Shortfall will accrue interest in accordance with Condition 4(c) (Note 
Interest Rate) for such time as it remains outstanding.  Such Interest Shortfall will be 
payable (together with such accrued interest) on the earlier of: 
(i)  
any succeeding Payment Date when such Interest Shortfall and accrued 
interest thereon shall be paid, but only if and to the extent that, on such Payment 
Date, there are sufficient funds available to the Issuer, after deducting amounts 
ranking in priority thereto in accordance with the relevant Priority of Payments; 
and  
(ii) 
the date on which the relevant Class of Notes is redeemed in full.  
(c) 
 Non-payment of interest for any Class of Notes (other than the Most Senior Class of 
Notes at the relevant time) will not constitute an Event of Default. 
7. 
Payments
(a)
Method of payment
Except as provided below, payments on the Notes will be made by transfer to a Sterling 
account maintained by the payee with a bank as specified by the payee and notified to 
the Paying Agent at least two Business Days prior to the due date for the relevant 
payment. 
(b)
Payments subject to applicable laws, etc.

--- Page 114 ---
- 101 - 
All payments are subject in all cases to: 
(i) 
any applicable fiscal or other laws, regulations and directives; and 
(ii) 
FATCA, 
but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 8 (Taxation). No commission or 
expenses will be charged to the Noteholders with respect to such payments. 
(c)
Payments on Global Notes
Payments of principal and interest on Class A Notes represented by any Global Note 
will (subject as provided below) be made in the manner specified above with respect to 
Definitive Notes and otherwise in the manner specified in the relevant Global Note 
through Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or Euroclear. A record of each payment made 
for any Global Note, distinguishing between any payment of principal and any payment 
of interest, will be entered into the records of Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or 
Euroclear and such record will be prima facie evidence that the payment in question 
has been made. 
(d)
General provisions applicable to payments
The Holder of a Global Note will be the only person entitled to receive payments on 
Class A Notes represented by such Global Note and the Issuer will be discharged by 
payment to, or to the order of, the Holder of such Global Note with respect to each 
amount so paid. Each of the persons shown in the records of Clearstream, Luxembourg 
or Euroclear as the beneficial Holder of a particular nominal amount of Class A Notes 
represented by such Global Note must look solely to Clearstream, Luxembourg or 
Euroclear, as the case may be, for this share of each payment so made by the Issuer, 
or to the order of, the Holder of such Global Note. 
(e)
Appointment of Agents
The Paying Agent and the Registrar initially appointed by the Issuer are listed at the 
beginning of these Conditions. The Paying Agent and the Registrar act solely as agents 
of the Issuer (unless an Issuer Event of Default has occurred or if there is a failure to 
make payment of any amount in respect of any Note when due or the Note Trustee shall 
have received any money which it proposes to pay under clause 8 (Application of 
Moneys) of the Trust Deed to the Noteholders, when such agents may be required to 
act as agents of the Note Trustee) and do not assume any obligation or relationship of 
agency or trust for or with any Noteholders. The Issuer reserves the right at any time (in 
accordance with the Agency Agreement) to vary or terminate the appointment of the 
Paying Agent or the Registrar and to appoint other Paying Agents and Registrars, 
provided that the Issuer will at all times maintain (i) a Registrar and (ii) a Paying Agent. 
Notice of any such change or any change of any specified office will promptly be given 
to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 (Notices). 
(f)
Non-business days
If any date for payment on any Note is not a Business Day, the Holder shall not be 
entitled to payment until the next day which is a Business Day notwithstanding that the 
Holder shall not be paid any interest or other sum with respect to such postponed 
payment. If the next Business Day should fall in the next calendar month, the payment 
shall be made on the immediately preceding Business Day. 
(g)
Limited recourse

--- Page 115 ---
- 102 - 
(i) 
No amounts will be payable by the Issuer except in accordance with the Priority 
of Payments and any payment obligations of the Issuer under the Notes may 
only be satisfied from the amounts received by it under or in connection with the 
Transaction Documents. 
(ii) 
If the Security constituted by or pursuant to the Deed of Charge is enforced, 
and after payment of all other claims (if any) ranking in priority to or pari passu 
with each of the claims of the Secured Creditors under the Deed of Charge, the 
remaining proceeds of such enforcement are insufficient to pay in full all 
amounts due to each of the Secured Creditors and all other claims ranking pari 
passu to the claims of each such party, then the claims of each such party 
against the Issuer will be limited to their respective shares of such remaining 
proceeds (as determined in accordance with the provisions of the Deed of 
Charge) and, after payment to each such party of its respective share of such 
remaining proceeds, the obligations of the Issuer to each such party will be 
extinguished in full. 
(iii) 
The provisions of this Condition 7(g) will survive the termination of these 
Conditions. In the case of discrepancy between this Condition 7(g) and any 
other provision, the provisions of this Condition 7(g) will prevail. 
(h)
Incorrect Payment 
(i)  
The Issuer will, from time to time, notify Noteholders in accordance with the 
terms of Condition 15 (Notices) of any over-payment or under-payment of which 
it has actual notice made on any Payment Date to any party entitled to the same 
pursuant to the applicable Priority of Payments. 
(ii)  
Following the giving of such a notice, the Issuer (acting on the instructions of 
the Servicer) shall instruct the Cash Manager to rectify such overpayment or 
under-payment by increasing or, as the case may be, decreasing payments to 
the relevant parties (including the Noteholders of any Class) on each 
subsequent Payment Date following the date on which it has received such 
instruction until such over-payment or under-payment has been made in full, to 
the extent funds are available for such purpose. Any notice or instruction of 
over-payment or underpayment pursuant to this Condition 7(h) shall contain 
reasonable details of the amount of the same, the relevant parties and the 
adjustments to be made to future payments to rectify the same. Neither the 
Issuer nor the Cash Manager shall have any liability to any person for making 
any such correction. 
(iii) 
Without prejudice to Condition 10(a) (Events of Defaults), for the avoidance of 
doubt, any correction carried out pursuant to this Condition 7(h) shall not 
constitute an Issuer Event of Default and shall not require the consent of the 
Noteholders or any other party. 
(i) 
Partial Payment
If at any time the Paying Agent makes a partial payment in respect of any Note, it will 
cause a notice indicating the date and amount of such payment to be given to the 
ICSDs, in respect of Global Notes, and the Registrar and the Note Trustee, in respect 
of any Definitive Notes and the Registrar will note the same in the Register.  
(j) 
Payment of Interest 
If interest is not paid in respect of a Note of any Class on the date when due and payable 
(other than because the due date is not a Business Day), then such unpaid interest 
shall itself bear interest at the Note Interest Rate applicable from time to time to such

--- Page 116 ---
- 103 - 
Note until such interest and interest thereon are available for payment and notice 
thereof has been duly given in accordance with Condition 15 (Notices).  
8. 
Taxation
All payments of principal and interest on the Notes will be made without withholding or deduction 
for, or on account of, any present or future Taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges 
of any nature by the Issuer or the Paying Agent unless required by law (or pursuant to FATCA), 
in which case the Issuer or the Paying Agent will make that payment net of such withheld or 
deducted amounts and will account to the relevant authorities for the amount required to be 
withheld or deducted. Neither the Issuer nor the Paying Agent will be obliged to make any 
additional payments to Noteholders for such withholding or deduction. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any taxes referred to in Condition 5(b) (Optional redemption 
for taxation reasons) arise and, subject as provided in such Condition, as a result of such tax 
the Issuer either (i) does not or would not have sufficient amounts to make payments due on 
the Notes in full or (ii) would be required to deduct any amounts from its payments on the Notes, 
then the amounts payable or to be paid, as the case may be, on the Notes will be proportionately 
reduced by an amount equal to such insufficiency or deduction. No such reduction will constitute 
an Issuer Event of Default under Condition 10 (Events of Default). 
9. 
Prescription
The Notes will become void unless claims for payment of principal or interest are made within 
10 years of the Legal Final Maturity Date with respect to such Notes. After the date on which a 
Note becomes void, no claim may be made with respect to such Note. 
10. 
Events of Default
If any of the following events occur (each an "Event of Default") where the Issuer is the 
"Relevant Person" (each an “Issuer Event of Default”), the Note Trustee at its absolute 
discretion may, and, if so directed in writing by the holders of at least 25% in Note Principal 
Amount Outstanding of the Most Senior Class of Notes or if so directed by an Extraordinary 
Resolution of the Most Senior Class of Notes (subject, in each case, to the Note Trustee being 
indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction), will give a Note Acceleration 
Notice to the Issuer, the Security Trustee, the Account Bank, the Cash Manager and the Paying 
Agent declaring the Notes due and payable and each Note will accordingly become immediately 
due and payable, without further action or formality, at its Note Principal Amount Outstanding 
together with accrued interest: 
(a) 
the Relevant Person fails to make any payment payable by it under any Transaction 
Document when due in the currency and in the manner specified in the relevant 
Transaction Document except if such failure is due to technical reasons and such 
default is remedied by the Relevant Person within two Business Days, or, in the case of 
the Issuer, if the failure to pay is in respect of interest when due in the currency and in 
the manner specified herein where such failure to pay interest continues for five days 
or more; 
(b) 
if the Relevant Person is the Seller or the Servicer, any representation or warranty made 
by the Relevant Person pursuant to any Transaction Document or in any notice or other 
document, certificate or statement delivered by it pursuant hereto or in connection 
herewith is or proves to have been incorrect or misleading in any material respect when 
made and it is not remedied within 20 Business Days; 
(c) 
if the Relevant Person is the Seller or the Servicer, the Relevant Person fails duly to 
perform or comply with any of its obligations under any of the Transaction Documents 
to which it is a party (other than those referred to in paragraphs (a) and (b) above) and 
such failure is not remedied within 20 Business Days;

--- Page 117 ---
- 104 - 
(d) 
an Insolvency Event occurs in respect of the Relevant Person; 
(e) 
if the Relevant Person is the Seller or the Servicer, at any time it is or becomes unlawful 
for the Relevant Person to perform or comply with any or all of its obligations under the 
Notes or the Transaction Documents or any of the obligations of the Relevant Person 
under the Notes or the Transaction Documents are not or cease to be legal, valid and 
binding; and 
(f) 
if the Relevant Person is the Seller or the Servicer, any Authorisation required by the 
Relevant Person to perform its obligations under the Transaction Documents is revoked 
or suspended. 
For the avoidance of doubt, (i) the occurrence of the events specified under paragraphs (b), (c), 
(e) of (f) shall not constitute an Issuer Event of Default and (ii) a failure to pay any interest or 
principal due in respect of any Class of Notes which is not, on the relevant date, the Most Senior 
Class of Notes shall not constitute an Issuer Event of Default other than on the Legal Final 
Maturity Date. 
Upon any Note Acceleration Notice being given by the Note Trustee in accordance with the 
terms of this Condition 10 (Events of Default), notice to that effect will be given by the Note 
Trustee to all Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 (Notices). 
11. 
Enforcement and non-petition
(a) 
Only the Note Trustee and the Security Trustee may pursue the remedies available 
under the Trust Deed or the Deed of Charge, as applicable, to enforce the rights of the 
Secured Creditors. No other Secured Creditor is entitled to proceed against the Issuer. 
Neither the Note Trustee nor any Secured Creditor may take any action or has any 
rights against the Issuer to recover any amount still unpaid once the Security is enforced 
and the net proceeds thereof distributed in accordance with Condition 2 (Status and 
Security), and any such liability will be extinguished. None of the Note Trustee, the 
Security Trustee nor any Secured Creditor will be entitled, until the expiry of one year 
and one day after the Legal Final Maturity Date, to petition or take any other step for the 
winding-up of the Issuer provided that the Security Trustee may prove or lodge a claim 
in the liquidation of the Issuer initiated by another party and provided further that the 
Security Trustee may take proceedings to obtain a declaration or similar judgment or 
order as to the obligations and liabilities of the Issuer. 
(b) 
The Note Trustee and the Security Trustee, as the case may be, in accordance with this 
Condition 11 (Enforcement and non-petition), will (i) except as otherwise directed by the 
Most Senior Class of Notes acting by way of an Extraordinary Resolution at the relevant 
date, or (ii) in relation to the Security Trustee only in relation to amendments and 
waivers, except as otherwise directed by the Note Trustee, have absolute and 
uncontrolled discretion as to the exercise and non-exercise of all rights, powers, 
authorities or discretions conferred upon them by or under the Trust Deed, the Deed of 
Charge or any Transaction Document to which they are a party or conferred upon them 
by operation of law. 
(c) 
The provisions of this Condition 11 will survive the termination of these Conditions. In 
the case of discrepancy between this Condition 11 and any other provision of these 
Conditions, the provisions of this Condition 11 will prevail. 
12. 
Meetings of Noteholders, amendments, waiver, substitution and exchange
(a)
Meetings of Noteholders 
(i) 
The Trust Deed contains provisions for convening separate meetings (held 
physically or by way of conference call, including by use of a videoconference

--- Page 118 ---
- 105 - 
platform) of each of the Class A Noteholders and the Class B Noteholders to 
consider any matter affecting their interests, including the sanctioning by a 
resolution passed at a meeting convened and held in accordance with the Trust 
Deed by at least 75% of votes cast (an "Extraordinary Resolution") of a 
modification of these Conditions or the provisions of any of the Transaction 
Documents. 
(ii) 
A meeting of Noteholders may be held electronically rather than at a physical 
location in accordance with the procedures set out in Schedule 3 to the Trust 
Deed. 
(iii) 
Subject as provided below, the quorum at any meeting of Noteholders of any 
Class of Notes for passing an Ordinary Resolution will be one or more persons 
holding or representing at least 20% of the Note Principal Amount Outstanding 
of the relevant Class of Notes then outstanding, or, at any adjourned meeting, 
one or more persons being or representing a Noteholder of the relevant Class, 
whatever the Note Principal Amount Outstanding of the Notes of such Class 
held or represented by it or them. 
(iv) 
Subject as provided below, the quorum at any meeting of Noteholders of any 
Class of Notes for passing an Extraordinary Resolution will be one or more 
persons holding or representing at least 50% of the Note Principal Amount 
Outstanding of the relevant Class of Notes or, at any adjourned meeting, one 
or more persons being or representing a Noteholder of the relevant Class, 
whatever the Note Principal Amount Outstanding of the Notes of such Class 
held or represented by them. 
(v) 
The quorum at any meeting of Noteholders of any Class for passing an 
Extraordinary Resolution to: 
(1) 
sanction a modification of the date of maturity of Notes; 
(2) 
sanction a modification of the date of payment of principal or interest in 
respect of the Notes, or where applicable, of the method of calculating 
the date of payment of principal or interest in respect of the Notes; 
(3) 
sanction a modification of the amount of principal or the rate of interest 
payable in respect of the Notes, or where applicable, of the method of 
calculating the amount payable of any principal or interest in respect of 
the Notes (including, in relation to any Class of Notes, if any such 
modification is proposed for any Class of Notes ranking senior to such 
Class in the Priorities of Payments); 
(4) 
alter the currency in which payments under the Notes are to be made;  
(5) 
alter the quorum or majority required in relation to this exception; 
(6) 
sanction any scheme or proposal for the sale, conversion or 
cancellation of the Notes;  
(7) 
alter any of the provisions contained in this exception; or  
(8) 
any change to the definition of Basic Terms Modification, 
(each, a "Basic Terms Modification") shall be one or more persons holding or 
representing at least 66⅔% of the Note Principal Amount Outstanding of the 
relevant Class of Notes or, at any adjourned meeting, one or more persons 
holding or representing at least 25% of the Note Principal Amount Outstanding 
of such Class.

--- Page 119 ---
- 106 - 
(vi) 
Subject to paragraph (vii) below and except in the case of an Extraordinary 
Resolution directing the Note Trustee to give a Note Acceleration Notice, as to 
which the provisions of Condition 10 (Events of Default) shall apply: 
(1) 
(subject as provided in paragraph (3) below) an Extraordinary 
Resolution passed at any meeting of the Most Senior Class of Notes 
shall be binding on all other Classes of Notes, irrespective of the effect 
upon them; 
(2) 
no Extraordinary Resolution of any Class of Noteholders (other than an 
Extraordinary Resolution referred to in paragraph (C) of this proviso) 
shall be effective for any purpose unless either (A) the Note Trustee is 
of the opinion that it would not be materially prejudicial to the interests 
of any more senior ranking Classes of Noteholders, (B) it is sanctioned 
by an Extraordinary Resolution of each of the more senior ranking 
Classes of Noteholders or (C) none of the more senior ranking Classes 
of Notes remains outstanding; and 
(3) 
no Extraordinary Resolution involving a Basic Terms Modification that 
is passed by the holders of one Class of Notes  shall be effective unless 
it is sanctioned by an Extraordinary Resolution of the holders of the 
other Classes of Notes then outstanding. 
(vii) 
Subject to paragraph (vii) below: 
(1) 
an Ordinary Resolution passed at any meeting of a particular Class of 
Notes shall be binding on all Noteholders of such Class or Classes 
(irrespective of the effect upon them); 
(2) 
no Ordinary Resolution of any Class of Noteholders shall be effective 
for any purpose unless either (A) the Note Trustee is of the opinion that 
it would not be materially prejudicial to the interests of any more senior 
ranking Classes of Noteholders or (B) it is sanctioned by an Ordinary 
Resolution of each of the more senior ranking Classes of Noteholders 
or (C) none of the more senior ranking Classes of Notes remains 
outstanding. 
(viii) 
A resolution which in the opinion of the Note Trustee affects the interests of the 
holders of the Notes of only one Class, shall be deemed to have been duly 
passed if passed at a meeting (or by a separate resolution in writing) of the 
holders of that Class of Notes. 
(b)
Amendments and waiver
(i) 
The Note Trustee may, and may direct the Security Trustee to, without the 
consent or sanction of the Noteholders or the other Secured Creditors at any 
time and from time to time concur with the Issuer or any other person in making 
any modification: 
(1) 
to these Conditions or any Transaction Document (excluding in relation 
to a Basic Terms Modification) which in the opinion of the Note Trustee 
will not be materially prejudicial to the interests of the Most Senior Class 
of Notes; or 
(2) 
to these Conditions or any Transaction Document (including in relation 
to a Basic Terms Modification) if in the opinion of the Note Trustee such 
modification is of a formal, minor or technical nature or to correct a 
manifest error.

--- Page 120 ---
- 107 - 
(ii) 
Notwithstanding the provisions of Condition 12(b)(i), the Note Trustee shall be 
obliged, and shall direct the Security Trustee, without any consent or sanction 
of the Noteholders or the other Secured Creditors, but subject to the receipt of 
written consent from each of the other Secured Creditors party to the 
Transaction Document being modified, to concur with the Issuer in making any 
modification and subject to being indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded 
to its satisfaction (other than in respect of a Basic Terms Modification) to these 
Conditions and/or any Transaction Document or enter into any new, 
supplemental or additional documents for the purposes of (subject to being 
indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction): 
(1) 
for the purpose of complying with, or implementing or reflecting, any 
change in the criteria of one or more of the Rating Agencies which may 
be applicable from time to time, provided that the Issuer certifies in 
writing to the Note Trustee and the Security Trustee that such 
modification is necessary to comply with such criteria or, as the case 
may be, is solely to implement and reflect such criteria;  
(2) 
for the purpose of complying with any changes in the requirements of 
(i) Article 6 of the UK Securitisation Regulation or Article 6 of the EU 
Securitisation Regulation, or Section 15G of the Exchange Act, as 
added by section 941 of the Dodd-Frank Act, after the Initial Issue Date, 
including as a result of the adoption of additional regulatory technical 
standards in relation to the UK Securitisation Regulation or the EU 
Securitisation 
Regulation 
(including 
the 
applicable 
reporting 
requirements thereunder), (ii) Regulation (EU) 2017/2401 (which 
amends Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 on prudential requirements for 
credit institutions and investment firms) and/or the UK CRR, (iii) any 
other risk retention legislation or regulations or official guidance in 
relation thereto or in relation to securitisation transactions, provided that 
the Issuer (or the Servicer on its behalf) certifies to the Note Trustee 
and the Security Trustee in writing that such modification is required 
solely for such purpose and has been drafted solely to such effect or 
(iv) for the purpose of complying with any changes in the requirements 
(including, but not limited to, transparency and/or investor due 
diligence) of and/or enabling the Issuer or the Seller to comply with an 
obligation in respect of the direct application of the requirements of the 
UK Securitisation Regulation and/or the indirect application of the EU 
Securitisation Regulation, together with any relevant laws, regulations, 
technical standards, rules, other implementing legislation, official 
guidance or policy statements, in each case as amended, varied or 
substituted from time to time after the Initial Issue Date (including the 
appointment of a third party to assist with the Issuer’s reporting 
obligations in relation thereto), provided that the Issuer (or the Servicer 
on its behalf) certifies to the Note Trustee and the Security Trustee in 
writing that such modification is required solely for such purpose and 
has been drafted solely to such effect; 
(3) 
for the purpose of enabling the Class A Notes to be (or to remain) listed 
on Euronext Dublin, provided that the Issuer certifies to the Note Trustee 
and the Security Trustee in writing that such modification is required 
solely for such purpose and has been drafted solely to such effect; 
(4) 
for the purposes of enabling the Issuer or any of the other Transaction 
Parties to comply with FATCA (or any voluntary agreement entered into 
with a Tax Authority in relation thereto), provided that the Issuer or the 
relevant Transaction Party, as applicable, certifies to the Note Trustee

--- Page 121 ---
- 108 - 
and the Security Trustee in writing that such modification is required 
solely for such purpose and has been drafted solely to such effect; 
(5) 
in order to allow the Issuer to open additional accounts with an 
additional account bank or to move the Issuer Accounts to be held with 
an alternative account bank with the Required Ratings, provided that 
the Issuer has certified to the Note Trustee and the Security Trustee 
that (i) such action would not have an adverse effect on the then current 
ratings of the Most Senior Class of Notes, and (ii) if a new bank account 
agreement is entered into, such agreement will be entered into on 
substantially the same terms as the Bank Account Agreement provided 
further that if the Issuer determines that it is not practicable to agree 
terms substantially similar to those set out in the Bank Account 
Agreement with such replacement financial institution or institutions and 
the Issuer certifies in writing to the Note Trustee and the Security 
Trustee that the terms upon which it is proposed the replacement bank 
or financial institution will be appointed are reasonable commercial 
terms taking into account the then prevailing current market conditions, 
whereupon a replacement agreement will be entered into on such 
reasonable commercial terms and the  Note Trustee and the Security 
Trustee shall be entitled to rely absolutely on such certification without 
any liability to any person for so doing (notwithstanding that the fee 
payable to the replacement account bank may be higher or other terms 
may differ materially from those on which the previously appointed bank 
or financial institution agreed to act); 
(6) 
for so long as the Class A Notes are intended to be held in a manner 
which will allow for Bank of England eligibility, for the purpose of 
maintaining such eligibility, provided that the Issuer (or the Servicer on 
its behalf) certifies to the Note Trustee and the Security Trustee in 
writing that such modification is required solely for such purpose and 
has been drafted solely to such effect; or 
(7) 
for the purpose of complying with the UK CRA Regulation or the EU 
CRA Regulation after the Initial Issue Date, including as a result of the 
adoption of regulatory technical standards in relation to the UK CRA 
Regulation or the EU CRA Regulation (as applicable) or regulations or 
official guidance in relation thereto, provided that the Issuer (or the 
Servicer on its behalf) provides a written certificate to the Note Trustee 
and the Security Trustee certifying that such modification is required 
solely for such purpose and has been drafted solely to such effect, 
(any such modification pursuant to Conditions 12(b)(ii)(1) to (7) (inclusive) above 
being a "Modification" and the certificate to be provided by the Issuer or the 
relevant Transaction Party, as the case may be, pursuant to Conditions 
12(b)(ii)(1) to (7) (inclusive) above being a "Modification Certificate"), provided 
that in the case of a Modification pursuant to Conditions 12(b)(ii)(2), (4) and (5) 
above: 
(A) 
at least 30 calendar days’ prior written notice of any proposed 
Modification has been given to the Note Trustee and the Security 
Trustee; and  
(B) 
the Modification Certificate in relation to such Modification shall be 
provided to the Note Trustee and the Security Trustee in draft form at 
the time the Note Trustee and the Security Trustee are notified of the 
proposed Modification and in final form on the date that such 
Modification takes effect,

--- Page 122 ---
- 109 - 
and further provided that in the case of any Modification under this Condition 
12(b)(ii) (other than in the case of a Modification pursuant to Conditions 
12(b)(ii)(2),(4) and (5) above):  
(C) 
the Modification Certificate shall be provided to the Note Trustee and 
Security Trustee in draft form not less than five Business Days prior to 
the date on which the Modification Noteholder Notice (as defined below) 
is sent to Noteholders; and  
(D) 
the Modification Certificate shall be provided to the Note Trustee and 
the Security Trustee in final form not less than two Business Days prior 
to the date on which the Modification takes effect; and 
(E) 
a copy of the Modification Noteholder Notice (as defined below) 
provided to the Noteholders pursuant to Condition 12(b)(iii)(2) shall be 
appended to the Modification Certificate. 
(iii) 
In respect of any Modification under Condition 12(b)(ii) (other than in the case 
of a Modification pursuant to Conditions 12(b)(ii)(2), (4) and (5) above), it shall 
also be required that: 
(1) 
either: 
(A) 
the Issuer (or the Servicer on its behalf) obtains from each of 
the Rating Agencies a Rating Agency Confirmation and, if 
relevant, it has provided a copy of any Rating Agency 
Confirmation to the Note Trustee and the Security Trustee with 
the Modification Certificate; or 
(B) 
the Issuer certifies in the Modification Certificate that it has 
given the Rating Agencies at least 10 Business Days' prior 
written notice of the proposed Modification and none of the 
Rating Agencies has indicated that such Modification would 
result in (x) a downgrade, qualification or, withdrawal or 
suspension of the then current ratings assigned to any Class of 
the Notes by such Rating Agency or (y) such Rating Agency 
placing any such Notes on rating watch negative (or 
equivalent); and 
(2) 
the Issuer has provided written notice of the proposed Modification to 
the Noteholders of each Class, at least 40 calendar days' prior to the 
date on which it is proposed that the Modification would take effect, in 
accordance with Condition 15 (Notices) and by publication on 
Bloomberg on the "Company Filings" screen relating to the Notes (such 
notice, the "Modification Noteholder Notice") confirming the following: 
(A) 
the period during which Noteholders of the Most Senior Class 
of Notes on the date specified to be the Modification Record 
Date, which shall be five Business Days from the date of the 
Modification Noteholder Notice (the "Modification Record 
Date"), may object to the proposed Modification (which notice 
period shall commence at least 40 calendar days prior to the 
date on which it is proposed that the Modification would take 
effect and continue for a period not less than 30 calendar days) 
and the method by which they may object; and 
(B) 
the sub-paragraph(s) of Condition 12(b)(ii)(1) to (7) under 
which the Modification is being proposed; and

--- Page 123 ---
- 110 - 
(C) 
details of (i) other amendments which the Issuer proposes to 
make (if any) to these Conditions or any other Transaction 
Document and (ii) any new, supplemental or additional 
documents into which the Issuer proposes to enter to facilitate 
the changes envisaged pursuant to Condition 12(b)(ii); 
(3) 
Noteholders holding or representing at least 10% of the Note Principal 
Amount Outstanding of the Most Senior Class of Notes outstanding on 
the Modification Record Date have not contacted the Issuer or the Note 
Trustee in writing (or otherwise in accordance with the then current 
practice of any applicable clearing system through which such Notes 
may be held) within such notification period notifying the Issuer or the 
Note Trustee that such Noteholders do not consent to the Modification. 
If Noteholders representing at least 10% of the Note Principal Amount 
Outstanding of the Most Senior Class of Notes outstanding on the 
Modification Record Date have notified the Issuer or the Note Trustee 
in writing (or otherwise in accordance with the then current practice of 
any applicable clearing system through which such Notes may be held) 
within the notification period referred to above that they do not consent 
to the Modification, then such Modification will not be made unless an 
Extraordinary Resolution of the holders of the Most Senior Class of 
Notes outstanding on the Modification Record Date is passed in favour 
of such Modification in accordance with Schedule 4 (Provisions for 
Meetings of the Noteholders) to the Trust Deed. 
Objections made in writing other than through the applicable clearing 
system must be accompanied by evidence to the Note Trustee's 
satisfaction  of the relevant Noteholder's holding of the Notes on the 
Modification Record Date. 
(iv) 
Other than where specifically provided in Condition 12(b)(ii) or any Transaction 
Document: 
(1) 
when implementing any Modification pursuant to Condition 12(b)(ii): 
(A) 
(save, in respect of Modifications pursuant to Condition 12(b)(ii) 
only, to the extent the Note Trustee considers that the proposed 
Modification would constitute a Basic Terms Modification), the 
Note Trustee shall not consider the interests of the Noteholders, 
any other Secured Creditor or any other person and shall act 
and rely solely and without investigation or liability on any 
Modification Certificate (or other certificate or evidence provided 
to it by the Issuer (or the Servicer on its behalf) or the relevant 
Transaction Party, as the case may be, pursuant to Condition 
12(b)(ii)) and shall not be liable to the Noteholders, any other 
Secured Creditor or any other person for so acting or relying, 
irrespective of whether any such Modification is or may be 
materially prejudicial to the interests of any such person; and 
(B) 
neither the Note Trustee nor the Security Trustee shall be 
obliged to agree to any Modification which, in its sole opinion 
would have the effect of (i) exposing it to any liability against 
which it has not been indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-
funded to its satisfaction or (ii) increasing its obligations or 
duties, or decreasing its rights, powers, authorisations, 
discretions, indemnification or protections, in the Transaction 
Documents and/or these Conditions.

--- Page 124 ---
- 111 - 
(v) 
Any Modification shall be binding on all Noteholders and shall be notified by the 
Issuer as soon as reasonably practicable to: 
(1) 
so long as any of the Notes rated by the Rating Agencies remains 
outstanding, each Rating Agency; and 
(2) 
the Secured Creditors; and 
(3) 
the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 (Notices). 
(vi) 
The Note Trustee and the Security Trustee may rely on any Modification 
Certificate without liability and without further enquiry.  
(vii) 
The Note Trustee may, and may direct the Security Trustee to, without the 
consent or sanction of the Noteholders or the other Secured Creditors and 
without prejudice to its rights in respect of any subsequent breach or Event of 
Default or Potential Event of Default, at any time and from time to time but only 
if and in so far as in its opinion the interests of the Most Senior Class of Notes 
shall not be materially prejudiced thereby, waive or authorise any breach or 
proposed breach by the Issuer or any other person of any of the covenants or 
provisions contained in these Conditions or any other Transaction Document or 
determine that any Event of Default or Potential Event of Default shall not be 
treated as such for the purposes of these Conditions. 
(c) 
Substitution and exchange
(i) 
Subject to the more detailed provisions of the Trust Deed and subject to such 
amendment of the Trust Deed, the Deed of Charge and any other Transaction 
Documents and such other conditions as the Note Trustee may require, 
including as to satisfaction that the interests of the Noteholders will not be 
materially prejudiced by the substitution or exchange and as to the transfer of 
the Security, but without the consent of the Noteholders or any of the Secured 
Creditors, the Note Trustee may agree to (i) the substitution of any other 
company or other entity in place of the Issuer as principal debtor under the Trust 
Deed, the Notes and replacement for it under the Deed of Charge and any other 
Transaction Documents, provided that the Rating Agencies confirm that such 
substitution will not adversely affect the then current rating of each Class, or (ii) 
the exchange of the Notes, in whole but not in part only, for other securities or 
instruments having substantially the same rights and benefits as the Notes, 
provided that the then current rating of each Class by the Rating Agencies is 
attributed to any such new securities or instruments. Such substitution or 
exchange will be subject to the relevant provisions of the Trust Deed and the 
other Transaction Documents and to such amendments of the Trust Deed and 
the other Transaction Documents as the Note Trustee may deem appropriate. 
Under the Trust Deed, the Issuer is required to use its best efforts to cause the 
substitution as principal debtor under the Trust Deed, the Notes and 
replacement for it under the Deed of Charge and any other Transaction 
Documents by a company or other entity incorporated in some other jurisdiction 
if the Issuer becomes subject to any form of tax on its income or payments on 
the Notes. Any such substitution will be binding on the Noteholders. 
(ii) 
The Note Trustee may, without the consent of the Noteholders or any of the 
other Secured Creditors, agree to a change in the place of residence of the 
Issuer for taxation purposes provided (i) the Issuer does all such things as the 
Note Trustee may require in order that such change is fully effective and 
complies with such other requirements in the interests of the Noteholders as it 
may request and (ii) the Issuer provides the Note Trustee with an opinion of 
counsel satisfactory to the Note Trustee to the effect that the change of

--- Page 125 ---
- 112 - 
residency of the Issuer will not cause any withholding or deduction to be made 
on payments on the Notes. 
(d) 
Further Issues 
(i)  
The Issuer may from time to time, without the consent of the Noteholders or any other 
Secured Creditor, create and issue Further Notes having terms and conditions the same 
as the Notes of any Class then in issue or the same in all respects, save for the amount 
and date of the first payment of interest thereon, issue date and purchase price, so that 
the same shall be consolidated and form a single Class with the outstanding Class of 
Notes, provided that: 
(A)  
each Rating Agency has provided a Rating Confirmation in respect of all the 
Notes prior to the issuance of such Further Notes; 
 (B)  
the Issuer has notified the existing Noteholders of its intention to issue Further 
Notes in accordance with Condition 15 (Notices);  
(C)  
following the relevant Further Issue Date, the Class A Notes Required Ratio is 
equal to or below the Class A Notes Required Ratio Limit and the Class B Notes 
Required Ratio is equal to or above the Class B Notes Required Ratio Limit; 
and 
(D)  
following the relevant Further Issue Date, the Subordinated Loan Advance will 
be deposited into the General Reserve Account to reflect the increase in the 
General Reserve Required Level. 
(ii)  
The Note Trustee shall be obliged, without any consent or sanction of the Noteholders 
or any other Secured Creditor, to concur with the Issuer in making any modification to 
the Trust Deed or the Conditions or any other Transaction Documents (other than any 
Basic Terms Modification, provided that no modification certified by the Issuer as being 
necessary or advisable to facilitate such issue of Further Notes shall be deemed or 
considered to constitute a Basic Terms Modification for any purpose) that the Issuer 
certifies to the Note Trustee as being necessary for the purpose of the issuance of 
Further Notes and making any consequential amendments, provided that, in relation to 
any amendment under this Condition 12(d), the Note Trustee receives a Rating 
Confirmation from each Rating Agency of all the Notes prior to the issuance of such 
Further Notes and the Issuer pays all fees, costs and expenses of the Note Trustee in 
relation to such issuance of Further Notes. The Note Trustee may rely on any certificate 
received from the Issuer pursuant to this Condition 12(d) without liability and without 
further enquiry.  
(iii)  
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Condition 12(d) or any Transaction 
Document: 
(A) 
when implementing any modification pursuant to this Condition 12(d), the Note 
Trustee shall not consider the interests of the Noteholders, any other Secured 
Creditor or any other person and shall act and rely solely, and without further 
enquiry or liability, on any certificate or evidence provided to it by the Issuer 
pursuant to this Condition 12(d) and shall not be liable to the Noteholders, any 
other Secured Creditor or any other person for so acting or relying, irrespective 
of whether any such modification is or may be materially prejudicial to the 
interests of any such person; and 
(B)  
neither the Note Trustee or the Security Trustee shall not be obliged to agree 
to any modification which, in the sole opinion of the Note Trustee or the Security 
Trustee, would have the effect of (i) exposing the Note Trustee or the Security 
Trustee to any liability against which it has not been indemnified and/or secured

--- Page 126 ---
- 113 - 
and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction or (ii) increasing the obligations or duties, 
or decreasing the rights or protections, of the Note Trustee or the Security 
Trustee in the Transaction Documents and/or these Conditions. 
(iv)  
Any modification pursuant to this Condition 12(d) shall be binding on all Noteholders 
and shall be notified by the Issuer as soon as reasonably practicable to: 
(1) each Rating Agency; 
(2) the Note Trustee; and 
(3) the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 (Notices). 
(e) 
Entitlement of the Note Trustee
Where, in connection with the exercise of its powers, trusts, authorities or discretions (including, 
without limitation those with respect to any proposed amendment, waiver, authorisation or 
substitution) in relation to these Conditions or any other Transaction Document, the Note 
Trustee is required to take into account the interests of the Noteholders as a Class it will have 
regard to general interests of such Class and, without prejudice to the generality of the 
foregoing, will not take into account the consequences of such exercise for individual 
Noteholders resulting from their being for any purpose domiciled or resident in, or otherwise 
connected with, or subject to the jurisdiction of, any particular territory and the Note Trustee will 
not be entitled to require, nor will any Noteholders be entitled to claim, from the Issuer or any 
other person any indemnification or payment for any Tax consequence of any exercise for 
individual Noteholders. 
13. 
Indemnification of the Note Trustee and the Security Trustee
The Trust Deed, the Deed of Charge and certain other of the Transaction Documents contain 
provisions for the indemnification of the Note Trustee and the Security Trustee and for their relief 
from responsibility including for the exercise of any rights under the Trust Deed, the Deed of 
Charge and the other Transaction Documents (including, but without limitation, with respect to 
the Security), for the validity, sufficiency and enforceability of the Trust Deed and the other 
Transaction Documents (which the Note Trustee and the Security Trustee, as applicable, has 
not investigated) and the validity, sufficiency and enforceability of the Deed of Charge and for 
taking proceedings to enforce payment unless, in each case, indemnified and/or secured and/or 
prefunded to its satisfaction. The Note Trustee and the Security Trustee and any of their affiliates 
are entitled to enter into business transactions with the Issuer, any subsidiary or other affiliate of 
the Issuer or any other party to the Transaction Documents or any obligor with respect to any of 
the Security or any of their subsidiary, holding or associated companies and to act as Note 
Trustee or Security Trustee for the holders of any securities issued by any of them without, in 
any such case, accounting to the Noteholders for any profit resulting therefrom. 
The Trust Deed and the Deed of Charge provide that the Note Trustee or the Security Trustee 
will be obliged to take action on behalf of the Noteholders and the Secured Creditors in certain 
circumstances, provided always that the Note Trustee and/or the Security Trustee (as the case 
may be) is indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction. Further, neither the 
Note Trustee nor the Security Trustee will be obliged to act on behalf of the Noteholders or any 
other Secured Creditors (as applicable) where it would not have the power to do so by virtue of 
any applicable law or where such action would be illegal in any applicable jurisdiction. 
14. 
Replacement of Notes
If a Note is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed it may be replaced, subject to applicable 
laws and regulations, at the specified office of the Registrar on payment by the claimant of the 
taxes, fees and costs properly incurred in connection with such replacement and on such terms 
as to evidence, security and indemnity as the Issuer, the Note Trustee, the Registrar or the

--- Page 127 ---
- 114 - 
Paying Agent may require and otherwise as the Issuer may require. Mutilated or defaced Notes 
must be surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
15. 
Notices
All notices to the holders of the Class A Notes, and in particular the notifications mentioned in 
Condition 10 (Events of Default), shall be delivered to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
for communication by it to such Noteholders. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been 
given to such Noteholders on the date on which such notice was delivered to Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and (so long as the Class A Notes are admitted to trading and listed 
on the official list of Euronext Dublin) any notice shall also be published in accordance with the 
relevant guidelines of Euronext Dublin by a notification in writing to the Company Announcement 
Office of Euronext Dublin. 
Any notice to the holders of the Class A Notes or the Class B Notes will be validly given if 
transmitted individually to the address set out in the Register for such Noteholder. While any of 
the Class A Notes are represented by a Global Note, such notice may be given by any Holder 
of a Class A Note to the Registrar through Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or Euroclear, as the 
case may be, in such manner as the Registrar and Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or Euroclear, 
as the case may be, may approve for this purpose. 
16. 
Governing law and jurisdiction
(a) 
The Notes, and all non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with them, 
are governed by, and will be construed in accordance with, English law. 
(b) 
The courts of England will have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any disputes that may 
arise out of or in connection with the Notes (including a dispute relating to the existence, 
validity or termination of the Notes or any non-contractual obligation arising out of or in 
connection with the Notes) and any legal action or proceedings arising out of or in 
connection with such disputes may be brought in such courts. The Issuer irrevocably 
submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of such courts and waives any objections to 
proceedings in such courts on the ground of venue or on the ground that they have been 
brought in an inconvenient forum. 
17. 
Rights of third parties
No person will have any right to enforce any term or condition of the Notes by virtue of the 
Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 but this does not affect any right or remedy of a third 
party which exists or is available apart from that Act.

--- Page 128 ---
- 115 - 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
UK MIFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market
Solely for the purposes of the manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment 
pursuant to the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook ("COBS") in respect of the Notes has 
led to the conclusion that: (a) the target market for the Notes is only: (i) eligible counterparties, as defined 
in: (x) COBS; and (y) as at the Initial Issue Date, Directive 2015/65/EU ("EU MIFID II"); and (ii) 
professional clients, as defined in: (x) Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law of 
the United Kingdom by virtue of the EUWA ("UK MiFIR"); and (y) as at the Initial Issue Date, EU MIFID 
II; and (b) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are 
appropriate, noting the responsibility of the manufacturer under COBS only. Any person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the 
manufacturer’s target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product 
Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") or, 
as the case may be, EU MIFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer’s target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels. 
Final Terms 
[Date] 
CARS ALLIANCE UK MASTER PLC 
(a public limited company incorporated under the laws of England and Wales with registered number 
13384308) 
as Issuer 
for the issuance of the 
GBP [***] [Class A/Class B] Series [***] Notes 
[(to be consolidated and form a single Series with the GBP [***] [Class A/Class B] Series [***] Notes 
already outstanding)]. 
issued pursuant to the GBP 1,600,000,000 Programme for the issuance of Asset Backed Notes 
These Final Terms are issued to give details of an issue of Notes by Cars Alliance UK Master Plc, under 
the GBP 1,600,000,000 Programme for the issuance of Asset Backed Notes (the "Programme"). The 
Base Prospectus dated 5 October 2021 [and any supplement dated [***] hereto] and the Final Terms 
have been published on the website of Euronext Dublin and the Base Prospectus is published on the 
website of European DataWarehouse. 
The Final Terms of the [Class A / Class B] Series [***] Notes must be read in conjunction with the Base 
Prospectus. Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the 
combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus. Capitalised terms not otherwise defined 
herein shall have the meaning specified in the Conditions of the [Class A / Class B] Notes. All references 
in these Final Terms to numbered Conditions are to be read as reference to the respective Conditions 
of the [Class A / Class B] Notes. 
1. 
Issue Price: 
[***] per cent 
2. 
[Initial] [Further] Issue Date: 
[***] 
3. 
[Class A/Class B] Series Number: 
[***]

--- Page 129 ---
- 116 - 
Tranche Number: 
[***] 
4. 
[Further][Class A/Class B] Series Initial Note Principal 
Amount: 
GBP [***] 
5. 
[Note Principal Amount Outstanding of  [Class A/Class B] 
Series [***] Notes (including the Notes subject of these 
Final Terms):] 
GBP [***] 
6. 
Amount on which interest is to be paid on the first 
Payment Date: 
GBP [***] 
7. 
Note Interest Rate: 
[***] per cent. per annum 
8. 
First occurring Payment Date with respect to the [Class 
A/Class B] Series [***] Notes: 
[***] 
9. 
Legal Final Maturity Date: 
[***]  
10. 
Regulated Market where Notes will be traded: 
[Euronext Dublin]  
[N/A] 
11. 
Earliest date on which the Notes will be admitted to 
trading: 
[***] 
12. 
Clearing Codes: 
- ISIN Code 
[***] 
[N/A] 
- Common Code 
[***] 
[N/A] 
13. 
Net amount of proceeds 
[GBP [***] less the total expenses for 
admission to trading in an amount 
equal to EUR [***] (as converted into 
GBP at the contractual exchange rate 
determined by the Account Bank at 
the 
time 
of 
payment 
of 
such 
expenses)][Not Applicable] 
14. 
Ratings 
[AAAsf by Fitch and AAA(sf) by S&P] 
[Not Applicable] 
15. 
Aggregate Principal Outstanding Balance of the 
Transferred Receivables on the [Initial Issue Date] 
[Further Issuer Date]: 
[***] 
16.  
Level of credit enhancement (excluding any support from 
the amount credited on the General Reserve Account and 
from excess spread) 
[***]

--- Page 130 ---
- 117 - 
Cars Alliance UK Master Plc 
[Name & title of signatories]

--- Page 131 ---
- 118 - 
OVERVIEW OF THE PRINCIPAL TRANSACTION DOCUMENTS 
The description of certain of the Transaction Documents set out below is a summary of certain features 
of those agreements and is qualified by reference to the detailed provisions of the terms and conditions 
of those agreements. Prospective Noteholders may inspect a copy of each of the Transaction 
Documents upon request at the Specified Office of the Paying Agent and on the website of European 
DataWarehouse (UK portal) at https://editor.eurodw.co.uk/home and by means of European 
DataWarehouse as securitisation repository.  
For reference to the definitions of capitalised terms appearing in this Base Prospectus, see "GLOSSARY 
OF TERMS". 
1. 
MASTER RECEIVABLES TRANSFER AGREEMENT
On the Initial Issue Date, the Seller, the Issuer and the Security Trustee will enter into the Master 
Receivables Transfer Agreement under which the Seller will sell and assign the Transferred 
Receivables to the Issuer during the Revolving Period. 
Purchase of Eligible Receivables 
Initial purchase of Eligible Receivables  
Subject to the terms and conditions of the Master Receivables Transfer Agreement, on the Initial 
Issue Date the Seller will sell, assign and transfer to the Issuer: 
(a) 
the Receivables deriving from the Finance Agreements which are described in the Initial 
Issue Date Receivables Offer IT File (the minimum required contents of which being set 
out in Schedule 1 (Template for the Initial Issue Date Receivables Offer IT File and the 
Additional Receivables Offer IT File) of the Master Receivables Transfer Agreement) 
including (i) all the Instalments payable by the relevant Obligor from (but excluding) the 
Initial Cut-Off Date up to the Maturity Date of such Finance Agreement and (ii) the 
Seller’s Ancillary Rights in respect of such Finance Agreements, in each case, with 
effect as of the Initial Cut-Off Date; and 
(b) 
the Vehicle Sale Proceeds Receivable in respect of each Vehicle financed by the 
Finance Agreements relating to such Receivables. 
Purchase of additional Eligible Receivables 
Subject to the terms and conditions of the Master Receivables Transfer Agreement, on each 
Offer Date during the Revolving Period, the Seller may offer to sell, assign and transfer to the 
Issuer: 
(a) 
additional Receivables deriving from the Finance Agreements described in the 
Additional Receivables Offer IT File attached to the relevant Additional Receivables 
Offer, including (i) all the Instalments payable by the relevant Obligor from (but 
excluding) the relevant Cut-Off Date up to the Maturity Date of such Finance Agreement 
and (ii) the Seller’s Ancillary Rights in respect of such Finance Agreements, in each 
case, with effect as of the relevant Cut-Off Date; and 
(b) 
the Vehicle Sale Proceeds Receivable in respect of each Vehicle financed by the 
Finance Agreements relating to such Receivables, 
at the price determined pursuant to the Master Receivables Transfer Agreement by submitting 
an Additional Receivables Offer to the Issuer (copied to the Note Trustee and the Cash 
Manager) on an Offer Date. 
Absolute assignment

--- Page 132 ---
- 119 - 
The sale of Transferred Receivables will be made by way of absolute assignment and, 
accordingly, the Seller with full title guarantee or, in respect of any Receivable or related Vehicle 
Sale Proceeds Receivable governed by or otherwise subject to Scots law, with absolute 
warrandice or, in respect of any Receivable or Vehicle Sale Proceeds Receivable governed by 
or otherwise subject to Northern Ireland law, as beneficial owner, will assign to the Issuer all of 
its rights, title, interest and benefit in and to each Receivable and the Ancillary Rights and the 
related Vehicle Sale Proceeds Receivables pursuant to the Master Receivables Transfer 
Agreement.   
Equitable assignment 
The sale and assignment of each Transferred Receivable in accordance with the terms of the 
Master Receivables Transfer Agreement will take effect in equity only under English law 
because the Obligors will not be notified of the assignment of the Transferred Receivables 
unless a Perfection Event occurs.  
Representations and Warranties of the Seller 
Pursuant to the Master Receivables Transfer Agreement, the Seller will represent and warrant, 
as of the Initial Issue Date and on each Transfer Date with reference to the facts and 
circumstances then subsisting, that: 
(a) 
Sale of Transferred Receivables 
(i) 
It has the power and authority to sell, transfer and assign the First Transferred 
Receivables assigned to the Issuer pursuant to the execution by the Seller of 
the First Receivables Offer and any Additional Transferred Receivables to be 
sold, transferred and assigned to the Issuer pursuant to the execution by the 
Seller of an Additional Receivables Offer; and 
(ii) 
Such actions have been duly authorised by all necessary corporate and other 
action, do not require any additional Authorisations, approvals or consents or 
notices to be given to or filing to be made with any person and do not conflict 
with its memorandum or articles of association.  
(b) 
Information Systems
The Seller has adequate information systems in place from which the necessary 
information to be provided to the Issuer and any third person pursuant to the Transaction 
Documents, including information for the purposes of the Servicing Report and the 
Obligors’ Personal Data File, can be generated and communicated. 
(c) 
Insurance and Maintenance
The Seller is not itself obliged to provide insurance or maintenance services to any 
Obligor. 
(d) 
Receivables Representations 
The representations and warranties set out in Schedule 6 (Receivables 
Representations) of the Master Receivables Transfer Agreement are true and correct 
in all respects in relation to the Receivables to be transferred on the Initial Issue Date 
or the relevant Transfer Date. 
(e) 
Portfolio Limits Criteria 
The representations and warranties set out in Schedule 9 (Portfolio Limits Criteria) of 
Master Receivables Transfer Agreement are true and correct in all respects.

--- Page 133 ---
- 120 - 
(f) 
Risk retention 
The Seller (as originator) (i) will retain on an ongoing basis a material net economic 
interest of not less than 5% in the securitisation as required by Article 6(1) of the UK 
Securitisation Regulation and Article 6(1) of the EU Securitisation Regulation (in the 
case of the EU Securitisation Regulation, not taking into account any relevant national 
measures) through the holding of the Class B Notes and the Subordinated Loan in 
accordance with Article 6(3)(d) of the UK Securitisation Regulation and Article 6(3)(d) 
of the EU Securitisation Regulation; (ii) will not change the manner in which it retains 
such net economic interest except to the extent permitted under Article 6 of the UK 
Securitisation Regulation and Article 6 of the EU Securitisation Regulation; and (iii) will 
not enter into any credit risk mitigation, short position or any other hedge with respect 
to such net economic interest, except to the extent permitted under Article 6 of the UK 
Securitisation Regulation and Article 6 of the EU Securitisation Regulation (or the 
corresponding law or rules of any applicable jurisdiction).  
(g) 
Sanctions 
Neither the Seller nor any of its subsidiaries nor, to the knowledge of the Seller, any 
director, officer, agent, employee or affiliate of the Seller or any of its Subsidiaries is a 
Sanctions Target. 
(h) 
Anti-bribery and corruption
(i) 
Neither the Seller nor, to the best of the knowledge of the Seller, any director, 
officer, agent, employee, affiliate of or person acting on behalf of the Seller or 
any of its Subsidiaries is aware of or has taken any action, directly or indirectly, 
that would result in a violation by such persons of any applicable similar anti-
bribery law, including but not limited to, the United Kingdom Bribery Act 2010 
(the "UK Bribery Act") and the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977 (the 
"FCPA"). Furthermore, the Seller and, to the knowledge of the Seller, its 
affiliates have conducted their businesses in compliance with the UK Bribery 
Act, the FCPA and similar laws, rules or regulations and have instituted and 
maintain policies and procedures designed to ensure, and which are reasonably 
expected to continue to ensure, continued compliance therewith. 
(ii) 
Sub-clause (i) above shall not apply to or in favour of any person if and to the 
extent that it would result in a breach, by or in respect of that person, of any 
applicable Blocking Regulation.  
(i) 
Money laundering 
The Seller has instituted and maintains policies and procedures designed to prevent 
money laundering, bribery and corruption by the Seller and its subsidiaries and by 
persons associated with the Seller and its subsidiaries. 
(j) 
Credit-granting Criteria 
It has applied to the Receivables the same sound and well-defined criteria for credit-
granting in accordance with Article 9(1) of the UK Securitisation Regulation and Article 
9(1) of the EU Securitisation Regulation which it applies to non-securitised receivables 
and the same clearly established processes for approving and, where relevant, 
amending, renewing and refinancing the Receivables have been and will be applied and 
it has effective systems in place to apply those criteria and processes in order to ensure 
that credit-granting is based on a thorough assessment of the borrower’s 
creditworthiness which shall meet the requirements set out in Article 8 of Directive 
2008/48/EC, taking appropriate account of factors relevant to verifying the prospect of 
the borrower meeting its obligations under the relevant Finance Agreement(s) (as such

--- Page 134 ---
- 121 - 
obligations are interpreted within the meaning of Article 9 of the UK Securitisation 
Regulation and Article 9 of the EU Securitisation Regulation).
Pursuant to the Master Receivables Transfer Agreement, the Seller will also give the 
representation and warranties (i) on the date of the Initial Issue Date, in respect of each 
Receivable which is a First Transferred Receivable and (ii) on the relevant Transfer Date, in 
respect of each Receivable which is an Additional Transferred Receivable (and, as applicable, 
in respect of each related Vehicle and Vehicle Sale Proceeds Receivable) detailed in the section 
entitled "DESCRIPTION OF THE PORTFOLIO". 
Scottish Declaration of Trust 
Pursuant to the Master Receivables Transfer Agreement, the Seller will also enter into a Scottish 
Declaration of Trust in respect of (i) any of the Receivables which are governed by or subject to 
Scots Law and (ii) the relevant Vehicles relating to the Receivables and the Vehicle Sale 
Proceeds Receivables.  
The benefit of any Receivables which are governed by or subject to Scots Law and the relevant 
Vehicles relating to the Receivables and the Vehicle Sale Proceeds Receivables will be 
transferred by the Seller to the Issuer under each Scottish Declaration of Trust, under which the 
Seller will hold the benefit of such Receivables and Vehicle Sale Proceeds Receivables on trust 
for the Issuer.  
Vehicle Floating Charge 
The Seller will grant the Vehicle Floating Charge in favour of the Issuer in respect of the 
proceeds of sale of any Vehicle returned to the Seller or repossessed by the Seller and 
subsequently sold. 
Repurchase of Affected Receivables 
Pursuant to the Master Receivables Transfer Agreement, if any party to the Master Receivables 
Transfer Agreement (including the Seller in its capacity as Servicer under the Transaction 
Documents) becomes aware that any Receivables Representation was untrue or incorrect (by 
reference to the facts and circumstances then subsisting at the relevant date on which such 
Receivable Representation was given) in relation to any Transferred Receivables, the party 
discovering such breach will give prompt written notice thereof to the others in accordance with 
the Master Receivables Transfer Agreement. Unless such breach has been cured in all 
respects, on the next CM Reporting Date after the Collection Period in which such discovery or 
receipt of notice of breach occurred, the Seller will repurchase such Transferred Receivables 
(including the related Ancillary Rights and Vehicle Sale Proceeds Receivables) (the "Affected 
Receivables") in accordance with the Master Receivables Transfer Agreement at an amount 
equal to the aggregate Repurchase Price in respect of such Affected Receivables.  
RV Receivables Repurchase Commitment 
Pursuant to the Master Receivables Transfer Agreement, provided that an Insolvency Event has 
not occurred in respect of the Seller, the Seller will repurchase any Transferred Receivables 
which have become RV Receivables. If any Transferred Receivable becomes a RV Receivable 
(as notified to the Cash Manager and the Issuer in the relevant Servicing Report on the 
Information Date), the Seller shall repurchase such RV Receivable and as a result, the Issuer 
shall sell such Transferred Receivable (including the related Ancillary Rights and Vehicle Sale 
Proceeds Receivable) back to the Seller by no later than the second CM Reporting Date falling 
immediately after the end of the Collection Period during which such Transferred Receivables 
became an RV Receivable, and the Seller will purchase any such RV Receivable (including the 
related Ancillary Rights and Vehicle Sale Proceeds Receivable) (the Seller’s commitment to 
repurchase being the "RV Receivables Repurchase Commitment"), at an amount equal to

--- Page 135 ---
- 122 - 
the aggregate RV Receivables Repurchase Price in respect of such RV Receivable (and the 
Seller shall transfer such amount to the General Collection Account on the CM Reporting Date).  
Re-transfer Option 
Pursuant to the Master Receivables Transfer Agreement, during the Revolving Period, the Seller 
will have the right, subject to the conditions specified below, to request the Issuer to re-transfer 
to the Seller Transferred Receivables on any Payment Date by notifying the Issuer and the Cash 
Manager at least 10 calendar days prior to the next following Calculation Date of a target amount 
of Transferred Receivables to be re-transferred by way of a Re-transfer Request.  
The Cash Manager shall randomly select Transferred Receivables to be re-transferred, 
provided that: 
(A) 
the aggregate amount of the Re-transfer Price of the Transferred Receivables so 
selected shall not be greater than the target amount of Transferred Receivables to be 
re-transferred as notified by the Seller; and 
(B) 
the difference between (i) the target amount of Transferred Receivables to be re-
transferred as notified by the Seller and (ii) the aggregate Re-transfer Price of the 
Transferred Receivables randomly selected by the Cash Manager shall not be greater 
than GBP 50,000. 
The re-transfer of Transferred Receivables shall only occur if the following conditions are met:  
(a) 
the Portfolio Performance Criteria are satisfied; 
(b) 
the Portfolio Limits Criteria are satisfied;  
(c) 
such retransfer does not result in a downgrading of the Class A Notes; 
(d) 
such retransfer does not result in the occurrence of a Revolving Period Early 
Termination Event; 
(e) 
if the then current ratings of the Parent Company’s long-term unsecured, 
unsubordinated and unguaranteed debt obligations are below "BBB-" by S&P or "Baa3" 
by Moody's, the Issuer and the Cash Manager will have received a solvency certificate 
regarding the Seller dated not earlier than 7 Business Days before the contemplated 
Re-transfer Date; 
(f) 
no Seller Event of Default has occurred and is outstanding; and 
(g) 
the Issuer has received on the relevant Re-transfer Date, the relevant Re-transfer 
Amount from the Seller. 
Re-transfer Option of Transferred Receivables in relation to Electric Vehicles  
Pursuant to the Master Receivables Transfer Agreement, during the Revolving Period or the 
Pre-Enforcement Amortisation Period, the Seller will have the right, subject to the conditions 
specified below, to request the Issuer to re-transfer to the Seller all Transferred Receivables in 
relation to Electric Vehicles on any Payment Date by notifying the Issuer and the Cash Manager 
by way of a Re-transfer Request to be provided at least 10 calendar days prior to the next 
following Calculation Date. 
The Cash Manager shall select all the Transferred Receivables in relation to Electric Vehicles 
to be re-transferred, provided that the re-transfer of Transferred Receivables shall only occur if 
the following conditions are met:  
(a) 
the Portfolio Performance Criteria are satisfied;

--- Page 136 ---
- 123 - 
(b) 
the Portfolio Limits Criteria are satisfied;  
(c) 
such retransfer does not result in a downgrading of the Class A Notes; 
(d) 
such retransfer does not result in the occurrence of a Revolving Period Early 
Termination Event; 
(e) 
if the then current ratings of the Parent Company’s long-term unsecured, 
unsubordinated and unguaranteed debt obligations are below "BBB-" by S&P or "Baa3" 
by Moody's, the Issuer and the Cash Manager will have received a solvency certificate 
regarding the Seller dated not earlier than 7 Business Days before the contemplated 
Re-transfer Date 
(f) 
no Seller Event of Default has occurred and is outstanding; and 
(g) 
the Issuer has received on the relevant Re-transfer Date, the relevant Re-transfer 
Amount from the Seller. 
Optional re-transfer of Defaulted Receivables 
Pursuant to the Master Receivables Transfer Agreement, the Seller shall have the right, but not 
the obligation, to request the Issuer by way of a Re-transfer Request to be provided at least 10 
calendar days prior to the next following Calculation Date to transfer back to it one or more 
Transferred Receivables on any Payment Date, provided that such Receivables are Defaulted 
Receivables. The Issuer shall be free to accept or reject, in whole or in part and in its absolute 
discretion, the corresponding Re-transfer Request. If the Issuer, in its absolute discretion, 
agrees to accept, in whole or in part, a Re-transfer Request, the Issuer shall re-transfer the 
relevant Transferred Receivables to the Seller and the Seller shall pay the relevant Re-transfer 
Amount to the Issuer. 
Clean-Up Call 
On any Payment Date following the Calculation Date on which the Aggregate Principal 
Outstanding Balance of the Transferred Receivables is equal to or less than 10% of the 
Aggregate Principal Outstanding Balance of the Transferred Receivables as at the Initial Cut-
Off Date, the Seller will (provided that on the relevant Payment Date no Note Acceleration Notice 
has been served) have the option under the Master Receivables Transfer Agreement (the 
"Clean-Up Call") to repurchase all Transferred Receivables then outstanding against payment 
of the Final Repurchase Price, subject to the Clean-Up Call Conditions. 
Notification of Obligors 
Upon the occurrence of a Perfection Event, the Seller (or the Issuer acting under the power of 
attorney granted to it in accordance with Schedule 11 (Form of Proceedings Power of Attorney 
and Form of Perfection Power of Attorney) of the Master Receivables Transfer Agreement) shall 
immediately notify each Obligor of the sale and transfer of the relevant Transferred Receivable 
to the Issuer by sending a Perfection Notice (substantially in the form attached hereto as Part A 
of Schedule 10 (Form of Notification to Obligors and Form of Notification to RV 
Subcontractors/Car Dealers) of the Master Receivables Transfer Agreement. In such Perfection 
Notice, the Seller shall instruct the relevant Obligor to make any future payments in respect of 
the relevant Transferred Receivable directly to the General Collection Account.  
Reporting
Under the UK Securitisation Regulation, the originator, sponsor and securitisation special 
purpose entity of a securitisation are required to designate one of them as the "reporting entity" 
to fulfil the reporting requirements in Article 7 of the UK Securitisation Regulation. Pursuant to 
the Master Receivables Transfer Agreement, the Seller and the Issuer will designate the Seller 
as the reporting entity for the purposes of the transaction.

--- Page 137 ---
- 124 - 
Please see the section entitled "RISK RETENTION AND SECURITISATION REGULATIONS 
REPORTING" for information in relation to the reporting to be provided by, or on behalf of, the 
Seller (in its capacity as reporting entity for the purposes of Article 7(2) of the UK Securitisation 
Regulation and Article 7(2) of the EU Securitisation Regulation). 
Governing law
The Master Receivables Transfer Agreement, and all non-contractual obligations arising out of 
or in connection with it, is governed by, and will be construed in accordance with, English law, 
provided that any term therein particular to Scots law or Northern Irish law will be construed in 
accordance with Scots law or Northern Irish law, as applicable.  
2. 
SERVICING AGREEMENT
On the Initial Issue Date, pursuant to the Servicing Agreement between the Servicer, the Back-
Up Servicer Facilitator, the Seller, the Cash Manager, the Security Trustee and the Issuer, the 
Servicer will be appointed by the Issuer to manage, service and administer Collections, 
undertake enforcement proceedings and transfer Collections to the General Collection Account 
in accordance with the Standard of Care.  
Duties of the Servicer 
Pursuant to the Servicing Agreement, the Servicer has agreed to undertake the following tasks 
and duties with respect to the Transferred Receivables in accordance with the terms of the 
Servicing Agreement and the Underwriting and Collection Procedures: 
(i) 
identify and administer Instalments and other amounts due and payable by the Obligors 
under a Transferred Receivable by making use of the direct debit agreement agreed in 
(or in respect of) the relevant Finance Agreement and shall direct the direct debit bank 
to pay each such amount directly into the Servicer Collection Account; 
(ii) 
identify and administer any Transferred Receivables which become RV Receivables 
and direct each RV Subcontractor to make all payments of Vehicle Sale Proceeds to 
the Servicer Collection Account; 
(iii) 
pay or cause to be paid all Collections (other than, so long as the Servicer is the Seller, 
any Excluded Proceeds) or any other amounts due under a Transferred Receivable into 
the Servicer Collection Account and transfer or cause to be transferred any amounts in 
respect of Collections (other than, so long as the Servicer is the Seller, any Excluded 
Proceeds) in respect of the Transferred Receivables into the General Collection 
Account on the Business Day following the day on which such funds are available in 
the Servicer Collection Account; 
(iv) 
pay or cause to be paid into the Servicer Collection Account any amounts due and 
payable in respect of Excluded Proceeds and subsequently pay or cause to be paid 
these amounts into such account as the Seller may direct; 
(vi) 
(without double counting) identify and administer any amounts due and payable under 
the RV Receivables Repurchase Option in accordance with clause 7.2 of the Master 
Receivables Transfer Agreement and pay or cause to be paid these amounts directly 
into the General Collection Account; 
(vii) 
prior to the payment of the RV Receivables Repurchase Price, transfer or cause to be 
transferred to the General Collection Account any amounts (including, without limitation, 
excess mileage charge or cost of repairs) received by the Servicer in relation to 
Transferred Receivables which have become RV Receivables 
(viii) 
subject to clauses 4.3 and 4.4 of the Servicing Agreement, further administer, enforce 
and recover amounts payable by any Obligor in relation to the Transferred Receivables

--- Page 138 ---
- 125 - 
(including investigating delinquencies) which have become Delinquent Receivables or 
Defaulted Receivables; 
(ix) 
arrange the repossession of, and prompt storage and sale of, Redelivered Vehicles and 
Repossessed Vehicles; 
(x) 
terminate any Finance Agreement following the theft of the related Vehicle, pay any 
insurance proceeds (including from any Debtor Insurance and any Insurance Policy) 
received in respect of such Vehicle to the General Collection Account on the Business 
Day following the day on which the funds are available in the Servicer Collection 
Account, apply such proceeds against the Principal Outstanding Balance of the relevant 
Finance Agreement and identify, administer and collect any shortfall between the 
insurance proceeds received and any amounts payable by the Obligor under such 
Finance Agreement and any other amounts due thereunder after all such proceeds 
have been received and applied; 
(xi) 
terminate any Finance Agreement following the related Vehicle becoming a total loss 
for insurance purposes, pay any insurance proceeds (including from any Debtor 
Insurance and any Insurance Policy) received in respect of such Vehicle to the General 
Collection Account on the Business Day following the day on which the funds are 
available in the Servicer Collection Account, apply such proceeds against the Principal 
Outstanding Balance of the relevant Finance Agreement and identify, administer and 
collect any shortfall between the insurance proceeds received and any amounts 
payable by the Obligor under such Finance Agreement and any other amounts due 
thereunder after all such proceeds have been received and applied; 
(xii) 
exercise the Ancillary Rights and other rights in relation to a Finance Agreement 
(including the right to terminate a Finance Agreement or waive a termination right in 
accordance with the respective terms and conditions of such Finance Agreement), as 
well as sue Obligors in any court in England and Wales, Scotland or Northern Ireland 
or in any other competent jurisdiction in its own name and for the benefit of the Issuer; 
and 
(xiii) 
do or cause to be done all acts necessarily incidental to the services outlined in the 
foregoing provisions of clause 4 of the Servicing Agreement, including to respond to 
enquiries from Obligors, to identify and collect amounts due and payable under a 
Transferred Receivable which have not been paid by direct debit and to administer or 
terminate a Finance Agreement in accordance with the respective terms and conditions 
of such Finance Agreement (including in the event of the theft or total loss of a Vehicle) 
or use its rights to waive a termination. 
The Servicer shall initiate reasonable enforcement measures regarding each Transferred 
Receivable as appropriate, including investigating delinquencies and notifying an Obligor of a 
delinquency if and to the extent that a payment obligation has not been discharged when due. 
For the purpose of meeting its obligations under clause 4 of the Servicing Agreement the 
Servicer may sue Obligors in any court in England and Wales, Scotland or Northern Ireland or 
any other competent jurisdiction in its own name and for the benefit of the Issuer. The Servicer 
shall inform the Issuer about the enforcement measures taken or to be taken (to the extent that 
any such measures are material). 
The Servicer shall perform its services and obligations pursuant to the Servicing Agreement in 
accordance with the Standard of Care. 
Representations and Warranties of the Servicer 
Pursuant to the Servicing Agreement, the Servicer will represent and warrant, inter alia, as of 
the Initial Issue Date and on each Transfer Date with reference to the facts and circumstances 
then subsisting that:

--- Page 139 ---
- 126 - 
(i)  
Administration
(a)  
since entering into the Finance Agreements, the Servicer has administered the 
Finance Agreements in accordance with the Underwriting and Collection 
Procedures; 
(b)  
all written information provided by the Servicer or with its consent on its behalf 
in connection with the Finance Agreements (in particular with respect to historic 
losses and residual value data), is true and complete in all material aspects; 
(ii)  
Underwriting and Collection Procedures
(a) 
the Underwriting and Collection Procedures and all written information provided 
by the Servicer to the Issuer, or given with the Servicer’s consent in connection 
therewith, is true and complete in all material respects; 
(b) 
except as otherwise permitted under the Servicing Agreement, the 
Underwriting and Collection Procedures have not been amended or modified 
in any respect that would cause a Material Adverse Effect on the ability of the 
Servicer to comply with its obligations under the Servicing Agreement since the 
date of the Servicing Agreement; 
(iii)  
Information Systems
the Servicer has adequate information systems in place from which the necessary 
information to be provided to the Issuer and any third person pursuant to the Servicing 
Agreement, including for the purposes of the Servicing Reports, can be generated and 
communicated; 
(iv)  
Applicable law
(a) 
the Servicer administers and services the Finance Agreements from which the 
Transferred Receivables derives in accordance with Applicable Law, including 
for the avoidance of doubt all applicable requirements arising under the 
Consumer Credit Act; and 
(b) 
the business of the Servicer has included the servicing of exposures of a similar 
nature as the Transferred Receivables for at least five years prior to the Initial 
Issue Date and the Servicer has well documented policies, procedures and 
risk-management controls relating to the servicing of the Transferred 
Receivables. 
Repurchase of Non-Compliant Receivables 
Pursuant to the Servicing Agreement, the Servicer will undertake for the benefit of the Issuer 
that the Servicer will only amend, prolong, modify or waive the terms of any Transferred 
Receivable or amend, modify or waive any term or condition of any Finance Agreement in 
accordance with the Underwriting and Collection Procedures. 
Pursuant to the Servicing Agreement, if any party (including the Servicer) becomes aware that 
the Servicer has made any amendment or modification to the terms of any Transferred 
Receivable contrary to the provisions of the Servicing Agreement, so that such Transferred 
Receivable becomes a Non-Compliant Receivable, the party discovering such amendment or 
modification shall give prompt written notice thereof to the other parties. On the next CM 
Reporting Date after the Collection Period in which such discovery or receipt of notice of breach 
occurred, the Servicer shall repurchase such Non-Compliant Receivables (including the related 
Ancillary Rights and Vehicle Sale Proceeds Receivables) in accordance with the Servicing 
Agreement at an amount equal to the aggregate Repurchase Price in respect of such Non-
Compliant Receivables. Following such repurchase, the Issuer shall pay to the Seller, on the

--- Page 140 ---
- 127 - 
next Payment Date, any amounts received by the Issuer in respect of such Non-Compliant 
Receivables after the end of the Collection Period immediately preceding such repurchase. 
Costs and expenses arising in connection with such sale, assignment and transfer shall be 
borne by the Servicer. 
Reporting 
Pursuant to the Servicing Agreement, on each Information Date, the Servicer shall provide to 
the Cash Manager a Servicing Report in relation to the Transferred Receivables.  
The Cash Manager shall use such Servicing Report to prepare and deliver, on each Calculation 
Date, the Preliminary Investor Report. 
If the information given in the Servicing Report is not sufficient for the Issuer or the Cash 
Manager in order to perform their respective tasks under the Servicing Agreement or the other 
Transaction Documents or the Security Trustee requires further information, the Servicer shall 
give such assistance and provide such supporting documentation as reasonably requested by 
the relevant party. 
The Servicer shall verify the information in the Preliminary Investor Report and confirm its 
accuracy to the Cash Manager no later than one Business Day prior to the CM Reporting Date. 
The Servicer shall, promptly upon receipt of a request from the Cash Manager, supply such 
further information as the Cash Manager requires in order to finalise each Investor Report. 
The Servicer shall promptly notify the Note Trustee, the Issuer, the Cash Manager and the 
Noteholders of any matter contained in the Preliminary Investor Report which, in the Servicer’s 
reasonable opinion, would be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on the Issuer’s ability 
to fulfil any of its payment obligations under the Notes. 
Following the enforcement of the Security by the Security Trustee, the Security Trustee shall 
notify the Servicer of the date on which it plans to make any payment in accordance with the 
Post-Enforcement Period Priority of Payments five Business Days prior to such date. Within 
three Business Days of such notification the Servicer shall confirm to the Note Trustee in writing 
whether the Seller satisfies the Seller Performance Criteria.
Use of Third Parties
The Servicer shall be permitted to delegate the Services to a third party provided that any such 
delegate has any and all licences and authorisations required to perform the services delegated 
to it including, without limitation, a licence to provide debt administration services under the CCA 
if such licence is so required. The Servicer shall remain liable for the performance of its 
obligations under the Servicing Agreement (including, without limitation, the transfer of 
Collections received by such delegate to the General Collection Account on the Business Day 
following the day on which the funds are available in the Servicer Collection Account) and will 
be solely responsible for the fees and expenses of any such third party. The Servicer shall notify 
the Issuer of such delegation without undue delay in writing. 
Servicing fees and expenses
As consideration for the performance of the services pursuant to the Servicing Agreement, the  
Issuer shall pay to the Servicer a fee payable on each Payment Date (subject to the relevant 
Priority of Payments). 
The Issuer will also reimburse the Servicer on each Payment Date against any expenses 
reasonably incurred by the Servicer in connection with the services provided under the Servicing 
Agreement during the preceding Collection Period, provided that the Servicer has notified the 
Cash Manager on or before the Information Date immediately preceding such Payment Date of

--- Page 141 ---
- 128 - 
such expenses and has produced appropriate invoices. Such right for reimbursement shall not 
apply to expenses incurred in relation to anything done by the Servicer in contravention of the 
Servicing Agreement.  
Back-Up Servicer Facilitator 
The Issuer will appoint the Back-Up Servicer Facilitator in accordance with the Servicing 
Agreement. If the Servicer's appointment is terminated, the Back-Up Servicer Facilitator will use 
best efforts to identify, on behalf of the Issuer, and assist the Issuer in the appointment of a 
suitable substitute servicer in accordance with the Servicing Agreement. The Back-Up Servicer 
Facilitator will be paid such fees (if any) agreed between the Issuer and the Back-Up Servicer 
Facilitator in accordance with the applicable Priority of Payments.   
Termination of appointment of the Servicer  
Pursuant to the Servicing Agreement, if any Servicer Termination Event occurs, the Issuer (prior 
to the delivery of a Note Acceleration Notice or notice that the Security Trustee has taken any 
action to enforce the Security) with the written consent of the Security Trustee, or (after the 
delivery of a Note Acceleration Notice) the Security Trustee itself, will by notice in writing to the 
Servicer terminate the Servicer's appointment as the Servicer under the Servicing Agreement 
with effect from the date (not earlier than the date of the notice) specified in the notice. Upon 
termination of the appointment of the Servicer under the Servicing Agreement, the Issuer will 
use its best endeavours to appoint a substitute servicer that has experience of servicing HP 
Agreements and PCP Agreements in the United Kingdom, is duly licensed and has obtained all 
the necessary Authorisations for such servicing activities. After the occurrence of a Servicer 
Termination Event, the Back-Up Servicer Facilitator will use best efforts to identify, on behalf of 
the Issuer, and assist the Issuer in the appointing of a suitable successor servicer in accordance 
with the Servicing Agreement.  
Governing Law  
The Servicing Agreement, and all non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with 
it, is governed by, and will be construed in accordance with, English law.  
3. 
CASH MANAGEMENT AGREEMENT
On or before the Initial Issue Date, the Issuer, the Cash Manager, the Servicer, and the Security 
Trustee will enter into the Cash Management Agreement pursuant to which Eurotitrisation S.A. 
will be appointed to act as the Cash Manager in respect of amounts standing from time to time 
to the credit of the Issuer Accounts and arrange for payments to be made on behalf of the Issuer 
from such accounts in accordance with the Priority of Payments. 
Cash Management Services
The Cash Manager is required to manage the operation of the Issuer Accounts, and in each 
case give instructions to the Account Bank to enable it to perform its obligations. The Cash 
Manager shall additionally perform certain calculations required under the Transaction 
Documents necessary for the determination and payment of the various cash flows and shall 
be responsible for applying such payments in accordance with the Priority of Payments and the 
Transaction Documents. 
Pursuant to the Cash Management Agreement, the Cash Manager will provide, inter alia, the 
following cash management services to the Issuer: 
(a)  
determining such amounts as are expressed to be calculations and determinations 
made by the Cash Manager in accordance with the Conditions of the Notes and the 
Transaction Documents; and

--- Page 142 ---
- 129 - 
(b)  
determining the amounts of Available Funds to be applied on each Payment Date and 
applying or causing to be applied Available Funds in accordance with the applicable 
Priority of Payments. 
Issuer Profit Ledger
The Cash Manager will establish and maintain an Issuer Profit Ledger for the General Collection 
Account.  
The Issuer Profit Amount from which the Issuer will discharge its corporation tax liability (if any) 
will be payable on each Payment Date in accordance with the applicable Priority of Payments 
and recorded in the Issuer Profit Ledger.  
Reporting
Subject to the Servicer delivering the relevant Servicing Report on the relevant Information Date, 
the Cash Manager will prepare and, on the Calculation Date, deliver to the Servicer the 
Preliminary Investor Report. 
Once the Servicer has confirmed the information contained in the Preliminary Investor Report 
in accordance with the Servicing Agreement, the Cash Manager shall prepare and, by no later 
than midday (London time) on the CM Reporting Date, deliver to the Issuer, the Servicer and 
the Seller the corresponding Investor Report in respect of the immediately preceding Collection 
Period except to the extent that disclosure of such financial information would at that time breach 
any law, regulation or rules of any applicable regulatory body to which the Cash Manager is 
subject. 
In accordance with Article 7(1)(e)(iii) of the UK Securitisation Regulation and Article 7(1)(e)(iii) 
of the EU Securitisation Regulation, the Investor Report shall contain information in relation to 
the satisfaction by the Seller of its risk retention obligations under Article 6 of the UK 
Securitisation Regulation and Article 6 of the EU Securitisation Regulation, including information 
on which of the modalities provided for in Article 6(3) of the UK Securitisation Regulation and 
Article 6(3) of the EU Securitisation Regulation has been applied. 
Verifications and Computations
Eligibility Criteria and Portfolio Limits Criteria
On the Calculation Date immediately preceding any Transfer Date, based on the Servicing 
Report provided by the Servicer pursuant to the Servicing Agreement on the immediately 
preceding Information Date and the Additional Receivables Offer IT File provided by the Seller 
pursuant to the Master Receivables Transfer Agreement on the immediately preceding Offer 
Date, the Cash Manager shall: 
(i)  
verify, to the extent that can be determined from the data provided in such Servicing 
Report and such Additional Receivables Offer IT File, whether the Receivables to be 
transferred comply with the Obligor Eligibility Criteria and the Receivable Eligibility 
Criteria; 
(ii)  
verify whether the purchase of the relevant Receivables by the Issuer on such Transfer 
Date shall cause the Portfolio Limits Criteria to be breached; and 
(iii)  
notify the Seller, the Servicer and the Issuer if (x) any such Receivable does not comply 
with the Obligor Eligibility Criteria and the Receivables Eligibility Criteria and/or (y) the

--- Page 143 ---
- 130 - 
purchase of any of the relevant Receivables by the Issuer on such Transfer Date shall 
cause the Portfolio Limits Criteria to be breached. 
Purchase Price 
On the Calculation Date immediately preceding any Transfer Date, the Cash Manager shall, 
using the information in the relevant Additional Receivables Offer IT File provided on the 
immediately preceding Offer Date, verify whether the Initial Purchase Price expressed in the 
relevant Additional Receivables Offer to be paid in respect of the Receivables to be transferred 
on such Transfer Date to the Issuer is accurate. 
If the Cash Manager determines following any verification that such Initial Purchase Price is 
inaccurate, the Cash Manager shall promptly inform the Issuer, the Note Trustee and the Seller 
of such inaccuracy and the correct Initial Purchase Price. 
Termination of appointment of Cash Manager
The Issuer may with the prior consent of the Servicer (except where a Servicer Termination 
Event has occurred, such consent not to be unreasonably withheld) terminate the appointment 
of the Cash Manager under the Cash Management Agreement upon the occurrence of a Cash 
Manager Termination Event.  
The Issuer (prior to the delivery of a Note Acceleration Notice or notice that the Security Trustee 
has taken any action to enforce the Security) with the written consent of the Security Trustee, 
or (after the delivery of a Note Acceleration Notice) the Security Trustee itself will, upon written 
notice at any time after a Cash Manager Termination Event has occurred, terminate the 
appointment of the Cash Manager and the Issuer (or the Servicer on its behalf) will appoint a 
replacement cash manager on terms substantially the same as those contained in the Cash 
Management Agreement. The Cash Manager may, at any time, terminate its appointment and 
cease to operate the Issuer Accounts pursuant to the Cash Management Agreement on giving 
not less than 180 days’ prior written notice thereof to each of the other parties thereto without 
assigning any reason therefore and without being responsible for any costs occasioned by such 
cessation. 
In accordance with the terms of the Cash Management Agreement, the Issuer will pay to the 
Cash Manager for its services a cash management fee as set out in the Cash Management 
Agreement. 
Governing Law
The Cash Management Agreement, and all non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with it, is governed by, and will be construed in accordance with, English law.  
4. 
AGENCY AGREEMENT
On the Initial Issue Date, pursuant to the Agency Agreement, the Issuer will appoint the Paying 
Agent to act as paying agent with respect to the Notes and to forward payments to be made by 
the Issuer to the Noteholders. Pursuant to the terms of the Agency Agreement, the Issuer will 
appoint the Registrar and the Registrar will agree to, among other things, maintain a register in 
respect of the Notes. 
The functions, rights and duties of the Paying Agent are set out in the Conditions. See 
"CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES".
The Agency Agreement, and all non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with 
it, is governed by, and will be construed in accordance with, English law.

--- Page 144 ---
- 131 - 
5. 
CORPORATE SERVICES AGREEMENT
Pursuant to the Corporate Services Agreement, the Corporate Services Provider will provide 
the Issuer and Holdings with certain corporate and administrative functions. Such services 
include, inter alia, providing the directors of the Issuer and Holdings, keeping the corporate and 
statutory records, convening director's meetings, providing registered office facilities and 
suitable office accommodation, preparing and filing all statutory and annual returns, preparing 
the financial statements and performing certain other corporate administrative services against 
payment of a fee, which shall be paid in accordance with the applicable Priority of Payments 
(the "Corporate Services").  
The Corporate Services Provider may resign, or its appointment may be terminated by the 
Issuer and Holdings, upon three months' prior written notice. Additionally, the Issuer and 
Holdings have the right to terminate the Corporate Services Provider's appointment forthwith at 
any time by notice in writing upon the occurrence of certain events, including a material breach 
of the Corporate Services Agreement by the Corporate Services Provider (such breach not 
remedied within 30 days), various insolvency events in respect of the Corporate Services 
Provider or the Corporate Services Provider's ceasing or threatening to cease to carry on its 
business. The Corporate Services Provider may also terminate its own appointment forthwith at 
any time if the Issuer commits a material breach of any of the terms or conditions of the 
Corporate Services Agreement or any of the Transaction Documents and fails to remedy the 
same within 30 days. No such termination shall take effect until a substitute Corporate Services 
Provider with experience in the provision of services similar to the Corporate Services has been 
appointed. 
The Corporate Services Agreement, and all non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with it, is governed by, and will be construed in accordance with, English law.  
6. 
SUBORDINATED LOAN AGREEMENT 
Pursuant to the Subordinated Loan Agreement, the Subordinated Lender will grant the 
Subordinated Loan in a total initial nominal amount of GBP 10,417,000.00 to the Issuer in order 
to fund the General Reserve Account up to the General Reserve Required Level on the Initial 
Issue Date. Subject to the terms of the Subordinated Loan Agreement, the Subordinated Lender 
may agree from time to time to grant additional advances up to a total amount of the 
Subordinated Loan of GBP 16,000,000.00 provided that the Subordinated Lender shall be 
required to grant additional advances to the extent required to increase the loan amount to the 
General Reserve Increase Amount.  
If the amount standing to the credit of the General Reserve Account is or would be less than the 
General Reserve Required Level on any Transfer Date (taking into account the Transferred 
Receivables to be purchased by the Issuer on such Transfer Date), the Issuer (acting on the 
instructions of the Cash Manager) shall deliver a Utilisation Request to the Subordinated Lender 
in accordance with the Subordinated Loan Agreement requesting a Subordinated Loan equal to 
at least the General Reserve Increase Amount, such amount to be paid into the General 
Reserve Account in accordance with the Cash Management Agreement.  
Pursuant to the Subordinated Loan Agreement, the Subordinated Loan will provide an interest 
amount calculated as a fixed rate equal to 3% from the Initial Issue Date. 
The Subordinated Loan Agreement, and all non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with it, is governed by, and will be construed in accordance with, English law.  
7. 
BANK ACCOUNT AGREEMENT
Pursuant to the Bank Account Agreement, the Account Bank will be appointed by the Issuer and 
will act as agent of the Issuer to hold the Issuer Accounts for the Issuer. During the life of the 
Programme, the Account Bank shall maintain at least the Required Ratings.

--- Page 145 ---
- 132 - 
General Collection Account
The General Collection Account of the Issuer will be maintained with the Account Bank. 
The Servicer will be required to pay or cause to be paid all Collections (other than, so long as 
the Servicer is the Seller, any Excluded Proceeds) or any other amounts due under a 
Transferred Receivable into the Servicer Collection Account and transfer or cause to be 
transferred any amounts in respect of Collections (other than, so long as the Servicer is the 
Seller, any Excluded Proceeds) in respect of the Transferred Receivables into the General 
Collection Account on the Business Day following the day on which such funds are available in 
the Servicer Collection Account. The Issuer will use the Collections (other than any Excluded 
Proceeds) standing to the credit of the General Collection Account together with the other 
amounts forming the Available Funds and the Cash Manager will apply those amounts on each 
Payment Date according to the applicable Priority of Payments. 
On each Payment Date falling within the Revolving Period, on the first Payment Date falling 
within the Pre-Enforcement Amortisation Period and on the first Payment Date following the 
delivery of a Note Acceleration Notice by the Note Trustee, the General Collection Account will 
be credited with the credit balance of the Revolving Account. 
General Reserve Account
The General Reserve Account of the Issuer will be maintained with the Account Bank. 
The Cash Manager (failing which the Issuer) shall ensure that any Subordinated Loan payable 
to the Issuer pursuant to the Subordinated Loan Agreement on the Initial Issue Date and each 
Transfer Date is paid into the General Reserve Account. 
If the amount standing to the credit of the General Reserve Account is or would be less than the 
General Reserve Required Level on any Transfer Date (taking into account the Transferred 
Receivables to be purchased by the Issuer on such Transfer Date), the Issuer (acting on the 
instructions of the Cash Manager) shall deliver a Utilisation Request to the Subordinated Lender 
in accordance with the Subordinated Loan Agreement requesting a Subordinated Loan equal to 
at least the General Reserve Increase Amount, such amount to be paid into the General 
Reserve Account. 
Revolving Account 
The Revolving Account of the Issuer will be maintained with the Account Bank. 
The Revolving Account shall be: 
(a) 
credited on each Payment Date falling within the Revolving Period with the Residual 
Revolving Basis in accordance with the applicable Priority of Payments; and 
(b) 
debited in full for transfer to the General Collection Account (i) on each Payment Date 
falling within the Revolving Period, (ii) on the first Payment Date falling within the Pre-
Enforcement Amortisation Period and (iii) on the first Payment Date following the 
delivery of a Note Acceleration Notice by the Note Trustee. 
Account Bank Required Ratings 
If the Account Bank ceases to have all of the following ratings: 
(i)  
a long-term deposit rating or, if no long-term deposit rating is assigned, a long-term 
issuer default rating by Fitch of at least "A" or a short-term deposit rating or, if no short-
term deposit rating is assigned, a short-term issuer default rating by Fitch of at least 
"F1" (the “Fitch Required Ratings”); and

--- Page 146 ---
- 133 - 
(ii)  
its unsecured, unsubordinated and unguaranteed long-term debt obligations being 
rated at least "A" by S&P or its unsecured, unsubordinated and unguaranteed short-
term debt obligations are rated at least "A-1" (the “S&P Required Ratings”), 
or such other rating or ratings as may be agreed by the relevant Rating Agency from time to 
time (or as are consistent with the then published criteria of the relevant Rating Agency) as 
would maintain the then current ratings of the Notes (together, the "Required Ratings") then, 
within 60 calendar days of the Account Bank ceasing to have the Fitch Required Ratings or 
within 90 calendar days of the Account Bank ceasing to have the S&P Required Ratings, as 
applicable, the Issuer (or the Servicer on its behalf) will:  
(1) 
use all reasonable endeavours to open replacement account(s) with a financial 
institution: (i) having all of the Required Ratings; (ii) which is a bank as defined in 
Section 991 of the Income Tax Act 2007 that will pay any interest in the ordinary course 
of its business; and (iii) which has entered into an agreement with the Cash Manager, 
the Security Trustee and the Issuer on substantially similar terms to those set out in the 
Bank Account Agreement, provided that where the Issuer determines that it is not 
practicable, taking into account the then prevailing market conditions (notwithstanding 
that the fee payable to the replacement account bank may be higher), to agree terms 
substantially similar to those set out in the Bank Account Agreement with such 
replacement account bank, the Issuer shall certify in writing to the Security Trustee, that 
such terms are reasonable commercial terms taking into account the then prevailing 
current market conditions, which certificate may be relied upon by the Security Trustee 
without any liability and without further enquiry and shall be conclusive and binding on 
all parties and the Secured Creditors; and following the opening of such replacement 
accounts, promptly close the Issuer Accounts held with the Account Bank; or  
(2) 
use all reasonable endeavours to obtain a guarantee of the obligations of such Account 
Bank under the Bank Account Agreement from a financial institution having all of the 
Required Ratings within 60 calendar days or 90 calendar days, as applicable, following 
the downgrade action; or 
(3) 
take such other remedial action as may be acceptable to the Rating Agencies in order 
to maintain the ratings of the Most Senior Class of Notes. 
If the Issuer (or the Servicer on its behalf) should fail to appoint such successor account bank 
within 60 calendar days or 90 calendar days, as applicable, of the downgrade action, then the 
existing Account Bank may select a leading bank of international repute satisfying the 
requirements under clause 12.4 (Successor Account Bank) of the Bank Account Agreement to 
act as account bank and the Issuer shall appoint that bank as the successor Account Bank. The 
Account Bank shall continue to provide services under the Bank Account Agreement in any case 
until a successor Account Bank meeting the above conditions is validly appointed by the Issuer. 
Governing Law
The Bank Account Agreement, and all non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection 
with it, is governed by, and will be construed in accordance with, English law.  
8. 
DEED OF CHARGE
The Notes are secured and will share the Security with the other Secured Obligations of the 
Issuer as set out in the Deed of Charge.  The Security granted by the Issuer includes: 
(a) 
an assignment by way of first fixed security of all of its present and future right, title, 
interest and benefit to, in and under the Transferred Receivables and their related 
Ancillary Rights and the proceeds of any interests; 
(b) 
 a first fixed charge over all the Issuer's right, title, interest and benefit present and future 
in, to and under the Issuer Accounts (other than amounts recorded in the Issuer Profit

--- Page 147 ---
- 134 - 
Ledger) and any other accounts with any bank or financial institution in which the Issuer 
now or in the future has an interest, including (to the extent of its interest) all balances 
now or in the future standing to the credit of or accrued or accruing on those accounts; 
(c) 
an assignment by way of security of all the Issuer's right, title, interest and benefit 
present and future in, to and under the Transaction Documents; 
(d)  
an assignment by way of security of all the Issuer's right, title, interest and benefit 
present and future in, to and under the Vehicle Floating Charge (including all claims, 
awards, decrees and judgments receivable or received by the Issuer pursuant to the 
Vehicle Floating Charge); 
(e)  
a charge over all of the Issuer's right, title, interest and benefit, present and future, in, 
to and under the trust constituted pursuant to the Servicer Collection Account 
Declaration of Trust; and 
(f)  
a first floating charge over all the assets and undertaking, present and future, of the 
Issuer (including any property or assets from time to time or for the time being effectively 
charged by way of fixed charge or assigned by way of security, and the whole of the 
Issuer's undertaking, property assets and rights situated in Scotland or otherwise 
governed by Scottish law). 
In addition, as continuing security for the payment or discharge of the Secured Obligations, the 
Issuer has granted the Scottish Supplemental Charge in favour of the Security Trustee, for itself 
and on trust for the Secured Creditors relative to the Vehicle Floating Charge, under which the 
Issuer assigns, by way of security, all of its present and future right, title and interest in the 
Vehicle Floating Charge. 
Notwithstanding the security rights created by or pursuant to the Deed of Charge, but prior to 
the service of a Note Acceleration Notice, the Cash Manager on behalf of the Issuer shall be 
entitled, from time to time, to withdraw moneys from the Issuer Accounts for application in 
accordance with the Cash Management Agreement.  
Enforcement of the Security  
Following the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default and the service of a Note Acceleration 
Notice in accordance with Condition 10 (Events of Default), the Security immediately 
enforceable (except where the Note Acceleration Notice has been served as a result of an 
Insolvency Event occurring solely due to the Issuer obtaining, or taking steps to obtain, a 
moratorium under the UK Insolvency Act 2000). The Note Trustee may at its discretion direct 
the Security Trustee to take action to enforce the Security, and will direct the Security Trustee 
to take such action to enforce the Security as directed in writing by the holders of at least 25% 
in Note Principal Amount Outstanding of the Most Senior Class of Notes or if so directed by an 
Extraordinary Resolution of the Most Senior Class of Notes, subject in each case to the Note 
Trustee and the Security Trustee having been indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded to 
its satisfaction. 
Only the Note Trustee and the Security Trustee may pursue the remedies available under the 
Trust Deed or the Deed of Charge, as applicable, to enforce the rights of the Secured Creditors. 
No other Secured Creditor is entitled to proceed against the Issuer.  
Waivers, consents and approvals
The Security Trustee will waive or authorise any breach or proposed breach by the Issuer or 
any other person of any of the covenants or provisions of any Transaction Document only if so 
directed by the Instructing Party.

--- Page 148 ---
- 135 - 
If a request is made to the Security Trustee by the Issuer or any other person to give its consent 
or approval to any matter, then if any Transaction Document specifies that the Security Trustee 
is required to give its consent or approval to that matter if certain specified conditions are 
satisfied the Security Trustee will give its consent or approval to that matter upon being 
reasonably satisfied that those specified conditions have been satisfied. In any other case, the 
Security Trustee shall give its consent or approval to that event, matter or thing only if so directed 
by the Instructing Party.
Post-Enforcement Period Priority of Payments  
Following service of a Note Acceleration Notice on the Issuer, the Security Trustee is required 
to apply moneys available for distribution to satisfy the amounts owing by the Issuer in the Post-
Enforcement Period Priority of Payments. 
Shortfall after application of net proceeds of the Security  
The Notes are limited recourse obligations of the Issuer and if the net proceeds of the Security 
being enforced and liquidated in accordance with the Deed of Charge are not sufficient to pay 
the Notes after payment of all other claims ranking in priority thereto, no other assets of the 
Issuer will be available for any further payments on the Notes. If, after the distribution of all the 
Issuer's assets, there are amounts that are not paid in full, any amounts outstanding will be 
deemed to be discharged in full and any payment rights are deemed to cease as described in 
more detail in Condition 11 (Enforcement and non-petition). 
Security Trustee's retirement and removal  
The Security Trustee may retire at any time on giving not less than three months' prior notice to 
the Issuer without giving any reason and the Most Senior Class of Notes acting by way of an 
Extraordinary Resolution and the Issuer may remove the Security Trustee provided that the 
retirement or removal of any sole security trustee will not become effective until a successor 
security trustee is appointed.  If a sole security trustee gives notice of retirement or is removed 
by the Most Senior Class of Notes acting by way of an Extraordinary Resolution, the Issuer will 
use all reasonable efforts to cause that another security trustee be appointed as soon as 
practicable.   
Governing Law
The Deed of Charge, and all non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with it, 
is governed by, and will be construed in accordance with, English law, provided that any term 
therein particular to Scots law will be construed in accordance with Scots law.
9. 
SERVICER COLLECTION ACCOUNT DECLARATION OF TRUST 
On or around the Initial Issue Date, under a supplemental collection account declaration of trust 
supplementing the relevant Servicer Collection Account Declaration of Trust, the Seller will 
declare a trust in favour of itself, the Issuer and various other parties beneficially entitled to other 
receivables originated by the Seller over all amounts from time to time standing to the credit of 
the Servicer Collection Account, whether or not relating to the Transferred Receivables. The 
interest of the Issuer under such trust shall be from time to time such proportion of the amount 
standing to the credit of the Servicer Collection Account as the amounts derived from 
Transferred Receivables comprised in the Portfolio and their Ancillary Rights shall at the 
relevant time bear to the total amount standing to the credit of the Servicer Collection Account 
at that time. The interest of the other beneficiaries (other than the Seller) under such trust shall 
be from time to time such proportion of the amount standing to the credit of the Servicer 
Collection Account as the amounts derived from receivables comprised in portfolios beneficially 
owned by such beneficiaries shall at the relevant time bear to the total amount standing to the 
credit of the Servicer Collection Account at that time. The Seller's interest under such trust shall

--- Page 149 ---
- 136 - 
be such proportion of the amount standing to the credit of the Servicer Collection Account which 
is not allocated to any other party. 
From time to time, further beneficiaries may accede to the terms of the Servicer Collection 
Account Declaration of Trust where they have acquired a portfolio of receivables from the Seller 
and payments in respect of those receivables are expected to be made to the Servicer Collection 
Account. 
The Servicer Collection Account Declaration of Trust, and all non-contractual obligations arising 
out of or in connection with it, is governed by, and will be construed in accordance with, English 
law.  
10. 
TRUST DEED
The Notes will be constituted pursuant to the Trust Deed to be entered into on the Initial Issue 
Date between the Issuer and the Note Trustee. 
HSBC Corporate Trustee Company (UK) Limited will agree to act as Note Trustee subject to 
the conditions contained in the Trust Deed.  
The Trust Deed contains provisions requiring the Note Trustee to take into account the interests 
of the Class A Noteholders and the Class B Noteholders equally as regards all powers, trusts, 
authorities, duties and discretions of the Note Trustee (except where expressly provided 
otherwise), but requiring the Note Trustee in any such case: 
(a) 
for so long as any Class A Notes remain outstanding, to take into account only the 
interests of the Class A Noteholders if, in the opinion of the Note Trustee, there is a 
conflict between the interests of the Class A Noteholders and the interests of the Class 
B Noteholders; and 
(b) 
following the redemption in full of the Class A Notes, to take into account only the 
interests of the Class B Noteholders. 
No Class of Noteholders may request or direct the Note Trustee or the Issuer to take any action 
or pass any effective Extraordinary Resolution or Ordinary Resolution if the effect of the same 
would, in the sole opinion of the Note Trustee, be materially prejudicial to the interests of any 
more senior ranking Class of Noteholders, and neither the Note Trustee nor the Issuer will be 
responsible to such Class of Noteholders for disregarding any such request, direction or 
resolution. 
Any Note Trustee for the time being of the Transaction Documents may retire at any time upon 
giving not less than 60 days' prior written notice in writing to the Issuer without assigning any 
reason therefor and without being responsible for any Liabilities occasioned by such retirement. 
In addition, Noteholders of the Most Senior Class of Notes may, acting by Extraordinary 
Resolution passed at any meeting of the Most Senior Class of Notes, direct the removal of the 
Note Trustee. 
Any Note Trustee for the time being of the Transaction Documents may retire at any time upon 
giving not less than 60 days' prior written notice in writing to the Issuer without assigning any 
reason therefor and without being responsible for any Liabilities occasioned by such retirement. 
In addition, Noteholders of the Most Senior Class of Notes may, acting by Extraordinary 
Resolution passed at any meeting of the Most Senior Class of Notes, direct the removal of the 
Note Trustee.   
No such retirement or removal of any Note Trustee shall become effective unless there remains 
a trustee in each of the Transaction Documents to which it is then a party (being a Trust 
Corporation). If, following the service of a retirement notice by a Note Trustee, the Issuer has 
not appointed a new trustee within 45 days of the date of such notice; the Note Trustee shall be

--- Page 150 ---
- 137 - 
entitled to appoint a Trust Corporation as Note Trustee in each of the Transaction Documents 
to which it was formerly a party. 
The Trust Deed will contain provisions governing the responsibility (and relief from 
responsibility) of the Note Trustee and providing for its indemnification in certain circumstances. 
The Trust Deed provides that the Note Trustee will be obliged to take action on behalf of the 
Noteholders and the Secured Creditors in certain circumstances, provided always that the Note 
Trustee is indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction. Further, the Note 
Trustee will not be obliged to act on behalf of the Noteholders or any other Secured Creditors 
where it would not have the power to do so by virtue of any applicable law or where such action 
would be illegal in any applicable jurisdiction 
In accordance with the terms of the Trust Deed, the Issuer will pay a fee to the Note Trustee for 
its services under the Trust Deed at the rate and times agreed (and as amended from time to 
time) between the Issuer and the Note Trustee together with payment of any liabilities incurred 
by the Note Trustee in relation to the Note Trustee's performance of its obligations under the 
Trust Deed. 
The Conditions of the Notes, including a summary of the provisions regarding meetings of the 
Noteholders, are reproduced in full in the section headed "CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES". 
The Trust Deed, and all non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with it, is 
governed by, and will be construed in accordance with, English law.

--- Page 151 ---
- 138 - 
SOME IMPORTANT CONSIDERATIONS 
1. Basel Capital Accord and regulatory capital requirements 
The European authorities have now incorporated the Basel III framework into EU law, primarily through 
Directive 2013/36/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013 on access to the 
activity of credit institutions and the prudential supervision of credit institutions and investment firms, 
amending Directive 2002/87/EC and repealing Directive 2006/48/EC and 2006/49/EC (Capital 
Requirements Directive – "CRD"), as amended by Directive (EU) 2019/878 of 20 May 2019 (the "CRD 
V"), and the CRR, as amended by Regulation (EU) 2019/876 of 20 May 2019 (the "CRR II"). The 
provisions of CRD V and CRR II will apply in stages, the latest of which will apply from 2023.The changes 
under CRD V and CRR II which recently entered into force may have an impact on the capital 
requirements in respect of the Notes and/or on incentives to hold the Notes for investors that are subject 
to requirements that follow the relevant framework and, as a result, may affect the liquidity and/or value 
of the Notes.
Under the EUWA, the CRR (as it had effect immediately before the end of the transition period under 
the Withdrawal Act) became part of the domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the EUWA, and 
was amended to ensure it functioned in a UK context. As elements of CRD V and CRR II did not apply 
before the end of the transition period, this means that some, but not all, of the amendments made by 
CRR II became UK law and the UK has also implemented some, but not all, of the CRD V Directive. 
The Prudential Regulation Authority (the "PRA") intends to implement those of the Basel III standards 
which make it equivalent to the remainder of CRR II on 1 January 2022, but this may change and there 
is no guarantee the UK would replicate CRR II or the associated Basel III standards exactly. The UK 
Government has presented a draft Financial Services Bill to UK Parliament (the "FS Bill") which will, 
among other things, establish the framework for the UK implementation of the Basel III standards that 
remain to be implemented in the UK. The PRA launched a consultation paper in February 2021 setting 
out their proposed rules to implement such outstanding Basel III standards in the UK.
The Basel Committee on Banking Supervision has finalised a package of reforms to the Basel III 
framework ("Basel 3.1"). The implementation date of the Basel 3.1 standards is 1 January 2023, and 
most of these revisions are not included in CRR II or CRD V, and have not yet been legislated for in the 
EU or the UK. The FS Bill will allow the UK authorities to implement Basel 3.1, and the UK authorities 
have stated that they will work towards a UK implementation timetable consistent with the 1 January 
2023 implementation date.
Additionally, Regulation (EU) No 2015/61 of 10 October 2014 (the "LCR Regulation") sets out assumed 
asset inflow and outflow rates to better reflect actual experience in times of stress. On 19 November 
2018, Delegated Regulation (EU) 2018/1620 amending the LCR Regulation (the "Delegated 
Regulation") entered into force, pursuant to which, inter alia, (i) the calculation of the expected liquidity 
outflows and inflows on repurchase agreements, reverse repurchase agreements and collateral swaps 
shall be aligned with the international liquidity standard developed by Basel Committee on Banking 
Supervision; (ii) the treatment of certain reserves held with third-country central banks shall be amended 
and (iii) transactions exposures of securitisations, which qualify as simple, transparent and standardised 
securitisations in accordance with the Securitisation Regulations, shall qualify as Level 2B high quality 
liquid assets, if they additionally fulfil the conditions laid down in Article 13 of the LCR Regulation. The 
Delegated Regulation applied in the EU and the UK as from 30 April 2020 and following IP Completion 
Time applies in the UK by virtue of the EUWA.
The above changes to the CRD, the LCR Regulation and the Delegated Regulation may have negative 
implications on the cost of regulatory capital for certain investors and thereby on the overall return from 
an investment of the Notes and the liquidity of the Notes. Therefore, investors should consult their own 
advisers as to the regulatory capital requirements in respect of the Notes and as to the consequences 
to and effect on them of any changes by the CRD V and CRR II in particular and the relevant 
implementing measures. No predictions can be made as to the precise effects of such matters on any 
investor or otherwise.

--- Page 152 ---
- 139 - 
There can be no guarantee that the regulatory capital treatment of the Notes for investors will not be 
affected by any future implementation of and changes to the CRD V, or other regulatory or accounting 
changes.
2. Banking Act and the Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive 2014 
The Banking Act 2009 (the "Banking Act") includes provision for a special resolution regime pursuant 
to which specified UK authorities have extended tools to deal with the failure (or likely failure) of certain 
UK incorporated entities including authorised deposit-taking institutions and investment firms, and 
powers to take certain resolution actions in respect of third country institutions. In addition, powers may 
be used in certain circumstances in respect of UK established banking group companies, where such 
companies are in the same group as a relevant UK or third country institution). The relevant transaction 
entities for these purposes include the Seller, the Account Bank, the Cash Manager, the Agents, the 
Note Trustee and the Security Trustee (each a "relevant entity").  
The tools available under the Banking Act include share and property transfer powers (including powers 
for partial property transfers), bail-in powers, certain ancillary powers (including powers to modify 
contractual arrangements in certain circumstances) and special insolvency procedures which may be 
commenced by the UK authorities. It is possible that the extended tools described above could be used 
prior to the point at which an application for insolvency proceedings with respect to a relevant entity 
could be made and, in certain circumstances, the UK authorities may exercise broad pre-resolution 
powers in respect of relevant entities with a view to removing impediments to the exercise of the 
stabilisation tools. In general, the Banking Act requires the UK authorities to have regard to specified 
objectives in exercising the powers provided for by the Act. One of the objectives (which is required to 
be balanced as appropriate with the other specified objectives) refers to the protection and enhancement 
of the stability of the financial system of the United Kingdom.  
The Banking Act includes provisions related to compensation in respect of instruments and orders made 
under it. In general, there is considerable uncertainty about the practical scope of the powers afforded 
to UK authorities under the Banking Act and how the UK authorities may choose to exercise them. If an 
instrument or order were to be made under the provisions of the Banking Act currently in force in respect 
of a relevant entity (as described above), such action may (amongst other things) affect the ability of 
such entities to satisfy their obligations under the Transaction Documents and/or result in the 
cancellation, modification or conversion of certain unsecured liabilities of such entity under the 
Transaction Documents or in other modifications to such documents. In particular, modifications may 
be made pursuant to powers permitting (i) certain trust arrangements to be removed or modified (ii) 
contractual arrangements between relevant entities and other parties to be removed, modified or created 
where considered necessary to enable a transferee in the context of a property or share transfer to 
operate the transferred business effectively and (iii) in connection with the modification of an unsecured 
liability through use of the bail-in tool, the discharge of a relevant entity from further performance of its 
obligations under a contract.  
In addition, subject to certain conditions, powers may apply to require a relevant instrument or order 
(and related events) to be disregarded in determining whether certain widely defined "default events" 
have occurred (which events may include trigger events included in the Transaction Documents in 
respect of the relevant entity, including termination events and (in the case of the Seller) trigger events 
in respect of perfection of legal title to the Transferred Receivables). As a result, the making of an 
instrument or order in respect of a relevant entity as described above may affect the ability of the Issuer 
to meet its obligations in respect of the Notes. As noted above, the stabilisation tools may be used in 
respect of certain banking group companies provided certain conditions are met. If the Issuer was 
regarded to be a banking group company and no exclusion applied, then it would be possible in certain 
scenarios for the relevant authority to exercise one or more relevant stabilisation tools (including the 
property transfer powers and/or the bail-in powers) in respect of it, which could result in reduced 
amounts being available to make payments in respect of the Notes and/or in the modification, 
cancellation or conversion of any unsecured portion of the liability of the Issuer under the Notes at the 
relevant time.

--- Page 153 ---
- 140 - 
In this regard, it should be noted that the UK authorities have provided an exclusion for certain 
securitisation companies although aspects of the relevant provisions are not entirely clear. This regime 
has also been amended to ensure that it is compliant with the EU's Bank Recovery and Resolution 
Directive (2014/59/EU) ("BRRD"). Amongst other things, BRRD provides for the introduction of a 
package of minimum early intervention and resolution related tools and powers for relevant authorities 
(including a bail-in tool) and for special rules for cross-border groups. BRRD has been implemented in 
the UK via, among other regulations, the Bank Recovery and Resolution Order 2014 (the "BRRD 
Order"). Directive (2019/879/EU) amending the BRRD ("BRRD II") entered into force on 27 June 2019 
and became applicable on 28 December 2020. The UK implemented the majority of the BRRD II 
provisions which became applicable on 28 December 2020 but not those which became applicable on 
or after 1 January 2021 and it has also imposed a 'sunset' on a number of BRRD II provisions. BRRD II 
implements (among other reforms) the Financial Stability Board's standards on total loss absorbing 
capacity. BRRD II may affect the exercise of the special resolution regime powers under the Banking 
Act and BRRD Order.  
There can be no assurance that the UK authorities will not make an instrument or order under the 
Banking Act in respect of the entities referred to above and/or that Noteholders will not be adversely 
affected by any such instrument or order if made. As a result of the BRRD providing for the establishment 
of an EEA-wide framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms and 
any relevant national implementing measures, it is possible that an institution with its head office in an 
EEA state and/or certain group companies could be subject to certain resolution actions in that other 
state.   
Any resolution or action may affect the ability of any relevant entity to satisfy its obligation under the 
Transaction Documents and there can be no assurance that Noteholders will not be adversely affected 
as a result. 
3. Securitisation Regulations – Risk Retention and Due Diligence Requirements 
Risk retention
Article 6 of the UK Securitisation Regulation provides for a direct obligation on originators to retain a net 
economic interest. Article 5(1)(c) of the UK Securitisation Regulation requires institutional investors as 
defined in Article 2(12) of the UK Securitisation Regulation, which term also includes an insurance or 
reinsurance undertaking as defined in the FSMA and an alternative investment fund manager as defined 
in the Alternative Investment Fund Managers Regulations 2013, to verify that, if established in the United 
Kingdom, the originator, sponsor or original lender retains on an ongoing basis a material net economic 
interest in accordance with Article 6 of the UK Securitisation Regulation and the risk retention is 
disclosed to the institutional investor in accordance with Article 7(1)(e) of the UK Securitisation 
Regulation. 
Article 6 of the EU Securitisation Regulation provides for a direct obligation on originators to retain a net 
economic interest. Article 5(1)(c) of the EU Securitisation Regulation requires institutional investors as 
defined in Article 2(12) of the EU Securitisation Regulation, which term also includes an insurance or 
reinsurance undertaking as defined in Directive 2009/138/EC and an alternative investment fund 
manager as defined in the Directive 2011/61/EU, to verify that, if established in the European Union, the 
originator, sponsor or original lender retains on an ongoing basis a material net economic interest in 
accordance with Article 6 of the EU Securitisation Regulation and the risk retention is disclosed to the 
institutional investor in accordance with Article 7(1)(e) of the EU Securitisation Regulation. The Seller 
as originator is not established in the European Union but has contractually agreed to comply with Article 
6 of the EU Securitisation Regulation.  
With respect to the commitment of the originator to retain a material net economic interest with respect 
to the Transaction, following the issuance of Initial Notes and/or Further Notes, the Seller is the 
"originator" for the purposes of Article 2(3) of the EU Securitisation Regulation and the UK 
Securitisation Regulation. The Seller is legally bound to comply with the provisions of the UK 
Securitisation Regulation and contractually agrees to comply with the provisions of the EU Securitisation 
Regulation.

--- Page 154 ---
- 141 - 
The Seller confirms that it has covenanted with the Issuer and the Note Trustee that the Seller will, for 
the life of the Transaction, retain a material net economic interest of not less than 5% in the Transaction 
in accordance with Article 6(3)(d) of the UK Securitisation Regulation and Article 6(3)(d) of the EU 
Securitisation Regulation and will not enter into any credit risk mitigation, short position or any other 
credit hedge or sale with respect to such net economic interest, except to the extent permitted under 
Article 6 of the UK Securitisation Regulation and Article 6 of the EU Securitisation Regulation. As of the 
Initial Issue Date, such interest will, in accordance with Article 6(3)(d) of the UK Securitisation Regulation 
and Article 6(3)(d) of the EU Securitisation Regulation, be retained through the holding of the Class B 
Notes and the Subordinated Loan. 
Pursuant to Article 7 of the UK Securitisation Regulation and Article 7 of the EU Securitisation Regulation 
information about the risk retained, including information on which of the modalities provided for in Article 
6(3) of the UK Securitisation Regulation and Article 6(3) of the EU Securitisation Regulation has been 
applied, in accordance with Article 6 of the UK Securitisation Regulation and Article 6 of the EU 
Securitisation Regulation, shall be made available in accordance with Article 7 of the UK Securitisation 
Regulation and Article 7 of the EU Securitisation Regulation. 
It should be noted that there is no certainty that references to the retention obligations of the Seller in 
this Base Prospectus will constitute explicit disclosure (on the part of the Seller) or adequate due 
diligence (on the part of the Noteholders) for the purposes of Article 5 of the UK Securitisation Regulation 
or Article 5 of the EU Securitisation Regulation. 
Due diligence
Article 5 of the UK Securitisation Regulation and Article 5 of the EU Securitisation Regulation places an 
obligation on institutional investors (as defined in the UK Securitisation Regulation and the EU 
Securitisation Regulation) before investing in a securitisation and thereafter, to analyse, understand and 
stress test their securitisation positions and monitor on an ongoing basis in a timely manner performance 
information on the exposures underlying their securitisation positions. After the Initial Issue Date, the 
Servicer (on behalf of the Issuer) will prepare servicer reports wherein relevant information with regard 
to the Transferred Receivables will be disclosed publicly together with an overview of the retention of 
the material net economic interest by the Seller in accordance with Article 7(1)(e) of the UK Securitisation 
Regulation and Article 7(1)(e) of the EU Securitisation Regulation. 
Prospective investors should note that there can be no assurance that the information in this Base 
Prospectus or to be made available to investors in accordance with Article 7 of the UK Securitisation 
Regulation or Article 7 of the EU Securitisation Regulation will be adequate for any prospective 
institutional investors to comply with their due diligence obligations under the UK Securitisation 
Regulation or the EU Securitisation Regulation. With respect to the UK Securitisation Regulation, the 
Seller will rely on the standstill direction issued by the FCA under its temporary transitional powers under 
Part 7 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Amendment) (EU Exit) Regulations 2019 
governing the form of reporting templates, which will be in the form provided by Commission Delegated 
Regulation (EU) 2020/1224 of 16 October 2019 as such are permitted to be used by the FCA until 31 
March 2022, or such later date as specified by the FCA under its temporary transitional powers under 
Part 7 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Amendment) (EU Exit) Regulations 2019. 
Where the relevant retention requirements are not complied with in any material respect and there is 
negligence or omission in the fulfilment of the due diligence obligations on the part of a credit institution 
that is investing in the Notes, a proportionate additional risk weight of no less than 250 per cent. of the 
risk weight (with the total risk weight capped at 1250 per cent.) which would otherwise apply to the 
relevant securitisation position will be imposed on such credit institution, progressively increasing with 
each subsequent infringement of the due diligence provisions. Noteholders should make themselves 
aware of the provisions of the CRD IV Package and make their own investigation and analysis as to the 
impact of the CRD IV Package on any holding of Notes. 
Following the issuance of Initial Notes and/or Further Notes, relevant investors, to which the UK 
Securitisation Regulation or the EU Securitisation Regulation is applicable, are required to 
independently assess and determine the sufficiency of the information described above for the purposes

--- Page 155 ---
- 142 - 
of complying with the CRD IV Package, Article 5 of the UK Securitisation Regulation or Article 5 of the 
UK Securitisation Regulation and none of the Issuer, the Seller nor the Arranger makes any 
representation that the information described above is sufficient in all circumstances for such purposes. 
Noteholders should take their own advice and/or seek guidance from their regulator on compliance with, 
and the application of, the provisions of the CRD IV Package, Article 6 of the UK Securitisation 
Regulation and Article 6 of the EU Securitisation Regulation in particular. 
4. Volcker Rule 
The Dodd-Frank Act has been implemented in part and continues to be implemented by federal 
regulatory agencies, including the SEC, the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (the CFTC), the 
Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, and the United States Federal Reserve Board. Dodd-Frank Act 
reforms include heightened consumer protection, revised regulation of over-the-counter derivatives 
markets, restrictions on proprietary trading and the ownership and sponsorship of private investment 
funds by banks and their affiliates under the Volcker Rule, imposition of heightened prudential standards, 
and broader application of leverage and risk-based capital requirements. 
The Dodd-Frank Act significantly expands the coverage and scope of regulations that limit affiliate 
transactions within a banking organisation, including coverage of the credit exposure on derivatives 
transactions, repurchase and reverse repurchase agreements and securities borrowing and lending 
transactions. In particular, Section 619 of the Dodd-Frank Act added a new section 13 to the Bank 
Holding Company Act of 1956, commonly referred to as the "Volcker Rule".  The Volcker Rule and its 
related regulations generally prohibit "banking entities" broadly defined to include U.S. banks, bank 
holding companies and foreign banking organisations, together with their respective subsidiaries and 
other affiliates) from (i) engaging in proprietary trading in financial instruments, (ii) acquiring or retaining 
any "ownership interest" in, or in "sponsoring", a "covered fund" and (iii) entering into certain transactions 
with such funds subject to certain exemptions and exclusions. 
An "ownership interest" is defined widely and may arise through a holder's exposure to the profits and 
losses of the "covered fund", as well as through certain rights of the holder to participate in the selection 
or removal of an investment advisor, investment manager, or general partner, trustee, or member of the 
board of directors of the "covered fund".  A "covered fund" is defined widely, and includes any issuer 
which would be an investment company under the Investment Company Act but is exempt from 
registration solely in reliance on section 3(c)(1) or 3(c)(7) of the Investment Company Act, subject to 
certain exemptions found in the Volcker Rule's implementing regulations. 
The Issuer is of the view that it is not a "covered fund" within the meaning of the Volcker Rule.  If, 
however, the Issuer were deemed to be a "covered fund" and the Notes were deemed to constitute an 
"ownership interest" in the Issuer, the Volcker Rule and its related regulatory provisions, will restrict the 
ability of "banking entities" to hold an "ownership interest" in the Issuer or enter into certain credit related 
financial transactions with the Issuer.    
There is limited interpretive guidance regarding the Volcker Rule, and its implementing regulations.  The 
Volcker Rule's prohibitions and lack of interpretive guidance could negatively impact the liquidity and 
value of the Notes.  Any entity that is a "banking entity" as defined under the Volcker Rule and is 
considering an investment in the Notes should consider the potential impact of the Volcker Rule in 
respect of such investment and on its portfolio generally. Each investor must determine for itself whether 
it is a "banking entity" subject to regulation under the Volcker Rule.  None of the Issuer, the Arranger, 
the Security Trustee or the Note Trustee makes any representation regarding (i) the status of the Issuer 
under the Volcker Rule or (ii) the ability of any purchaser to acquire or hold the Notes, now or at any 
time in the future. 
Any prospective investor in any notes, including a U.S. or foreign bank or a subsidiary or other affiliate 
thereof, should consult its own legal advisors regarding the effects of the Volcker Rule in respect of any 
investment in the Notes and should conduct its own analysis to determine whether the Issuer is a 
"covered fund" for its purposes.

--- Page 156 ---
- 143 - 
Regulators in the United States may promulgate further regulatory changes, and no assurance can be 
given as to the impact of such changes on the Notes.  
Prospective investors should make themselves aware of the changes and requirements described 
above (and any corresponding implementing rules of their regulator), where applicable to them, in 
addition to any other applicable regulatory requirements with respect to their investment in the Notes. 
The matters described above and any other changes to the regulation or regulatory treatment of the 
Notes for some or all investors may negatively impact the regulatory position of individual investors and, 
in addition, have a negative impact on the price and liquidity of the Notes in the secondary market.

--- Page 157 ---
- 144 - 
DESCRIPTION OF THE PORTFOLIO 
General 
The Transferred Receivables, the ownership of which is transferred and assigned by the Seller to the 
Issuer on each Transfer Date, consist of: 
(a) 
the Receivables, being the Sterling-denominated monetary obligations of the Obligors arising 
from Finance Agreements after the relevant Cut-Off Date; and  
(b) 
the related Vehicle Sale Proceeds Receivables, being, in relation to any Redelivered Vehicle 
and any Repossessed Vehicle, the right of the Seller to receive the Vehicle Sale Proceeds 
arising from the sale of such related Redelivered Vehicle or Repossessed Vehicle to a third 
party. 
The Receivables are governed by English law, Scots Law or Northern Irish Law. 
Finance Agreements 
The Receivables arise from Finance Agreements, being HP Agreements and PCP Agreements entered 
into by the Seller and an Obligor, pursuant to which the Seller has granted fixed term financing to the 
Obligor for the purpose of financing the purchase of a Vehicle. 
Ancillary Rights 
The Issuer also benefits from all Ancillary Rights attached to the Transferred Receivables. 
The Ancillary Rights comprise the ancillary rights under a Finance Agreement associated with each 
Receivable sold by the Seller to the Issuer pursuant to the Master Receivables Transfer Agreement 
which shall include the following: 
(i) 
the benefit of any Collateral Security attached, whether by operation of law or on the basis of 
the relevant Finance Agreement or otherwise, to amounts owing under the relevant Finance 
Agreement; 
(ii) 
the right to serve notice to pay or repay, to recover and/or to grant a discharge in respect of the 
whole or part of the amounts due or to become due in connection with the relevant Finance 
Agreement(s) from the relevant Obligor(s) (or from any other person that has granted any 
Collateral Security in connection with such Receivable); 
(iii) 
the benefit of any and all representations, warranties and undertakings given or assumed by 
the Obligor(s) party to the relevant Finance Agreement (or by any other person that has granted 
any Collateral Security in connection with such Finance Agreement) pursuant to the relevant 
Finance Agreement; 
(iv) 
the benefit of any and all actions against the Obligor(s) party to the relevant Finance Agreement 
(or against any other person that has granted any Collateral Security in connection with such 
Finance Agreement) pursuant to the relevant Finance Agreement, including any right to 
Enforcement Proceeds; 
(v) 
all of the rights and credits accruing to the Seller pursuant to any Insurance Policy in relation to 
such Receivable; and 
(vi) 
all rights accruing to the Seller pursuant to any Debtor Insurance of the Obligor in respect of the 
Vehicle financed by such Finance Agreement or any Insurance Policy related to such Finance 
Agreement.

--- Page 158 ---
- 145 - 
Title to Vehicles 
Title to the Vehicles financed by Finance Agreements included in the Portfolio will remain with the Seller 
until it is transferred to the relevant Obligor under the terms of the relevant Finance Agreement or is sold 
by the Seller following repossession of the Vehicle from the relevant Obligor. 
Purchase Price  
Initial Purchase Price 
On the Initial Issue Date and on any Transfer Date (other than the Initial Issue Date), the Issuer will pay 
the relevant Initial Purchase Price to the Seller in accordance with the Master Receivables Transfer 
Agreement.  
Deferred Purchase Price 
The Issuer will pay the Deferred Purchase Price to the Seller in accordance with the Master Receivables 
Transfer Agreement and the relevant Priority of Payments. 
On a given Transfer Date, the total Purchase Price to be paid by the Issuer to the Seller for the sale and 
transfer of the Eligible Receivables is equal to the aggregate of (i) the Initial Purchase Price which is 
due and payable on such Transfer Date and (ii) the Deferred Purchase Price which will be paid by the 
Issuer to the Seller after such Transfer Date and in accordance with the Master Receivables Transfer 
agreement and the applicable Priority of Payments.  
Portfolio Limits Criteria 
It is a condition to the transfer of the First Transferred Receivables and any Additional Transferred 
Receivables that the Portfolio Limits Criteria will be satisfied immediately following the purchase of such 
Receivables. 
Pursuant to the Master Receivables Transfer Agreement, the Seller represents and warrants to the 
Issuer that on the Cut-Off Date immediately preceding the Initial Issue Date or the relevant Transfer 
Date, the Portfolio (including any Additional Transferred Receivables to be transferred on the relevant 
Transfer Date, as the case may be (each being, for the purposes of this Schedule, a "Relevant Date")) 
satisfies on the Relevant Date the following limits (the "Portfolio Limits Criteria") in relation to the 
Portfolio: 
(a) 
the Weighted Average Seasoning exceeds 8 months on such Relevant Date; 
(b) 
the Used Vehicle Financing Ratio is less than 40 per cent. on such Relevant Date; 
(c) 
the Corporate Financing Ratio is less than 10 per cent. on such Relevant Date;  
(d) 
the maximum Single Obligor Concentration is less than 0.05 per cent. on such Relevant Date; 
(e) 
the maximum of the sum of the Final Instalments of all PCP Agreements payable in any 
Collection Period is equal or less than 5 per cent. of the Principal Outstanding Balance of all the 
Performing Receivables; 
(f) 
the sum of the Final Instalments of all PCP Agreements is equal to or less than 60 per cent. of 
the Principal Outstanding Balance of all the Performing Receivables; and 
(g)  
the PCP Used Vehicle Financing Ratio is less than 30 per cent. on such Relevant Date. 
Eligibility Criteria 
Pursuant to the Master Receivables Transfer Agreement, the Seller will represent and warrant to the 
Issuer that each Receivable has been selected in accordance with the Receivables Eligibility Criteria 
and such Receivable (and the related Vehicle Sale Proceeds Receivable) satisfies the Receivables

--- Page 159 ---
- 146 - 
Eligibility Criteria as of the relevant Cut-Off Date and is due from an Obligor which satisfies the Obligor 
Eligibility Criteria as of the relevant Cut-Off Date. 
Receivables Eligibility Criteria  
Each Receivable (and related Finance Agreement) will be required to satisfy the following criteria as at 
the Cut-off Date immediately preceding the sale by the Seller to the Issuer of such Receivable: 
(a) 
such Receivable derives from a Finance Agreement excluding any Finance Agreements 
specifically offered only to the employees of the Renault Group;  
(b) 
the status and enforceability of the Receivable is not impaired by set-off rights; 
(c) 
such Receivable derives from a Finance Agreement made substantially in the form set out in 
Schedule 4 of the Master Receivables Transfer Agreement, subject to any amendments to such 
form made due to change in law or which are not material; 
(d) 
such Receivable is neither an RV Receivable, nor a Defaulted Receivable nor a Delinquent 
Receivable, and the Finance Agreement from which it derives is not subject to any material 
waiver, variation or amendment, has not been terminated, repudiated or rescinded, there has 
been no material breach, default or violation of any obligation, and more generally is not subject 
to litigation; 
(e) 
the Implicit Customer Rate applicable to such Receivable (set out in the data file appended to 
the First Receivables Offer or, as the case may be, the relevant Additional Receivables Offer) 
is fixed; 
(f) 
such Receivable is scheduled to amortise on a monthly basis and gives rise to monthly 
Instalments; 
(g) 
such Receivable has a remaining term to the Maturity Date not exceeding 60 months and not 
less than 1 month; 
(h) 
such Receivable has an original term to the Maturity Date not exceeding 61 months for HP 
Agreements and 49 months for PCP Agreements; 
(i) 
such Receivable is payable only in Sterling; 
(j) 
Instalments relating to such Receivable are specified in the relevant Finance Agreement to be 
payable only by direct debit; 
(k) 
in respect of such Receivable, the sum of (i) the age of the relevant Vehicle as at the 
corresponding Finance Agreement Effective Date and (ii) the period from the Finance 
Agreement Effective Date of the relevant Finance Agreement to the Maturity Date is less than 
10 years;  
(l) 
in respect of such Receivable, the amount of the Final Instalment is less than 65 per cent. of 
the Acquisition Price of the corresponding Vehicle as at the corresponding Finance Agreement 
Effective Date; 
(m) 
at least one Instalment and any other fees or amounts in connection with the entry into the 
relevant Finance Agreement have been paid in full by the relevant Obligor (excluding, for the 
avoidance of doubt, any direct debit payment of the first Instalment of such Receivable (resulting 
in such first Instalment appearing as paid in the accounts of the Seller on the relevant Cut-Off 
Date) that is subsequently reversed by the related Obligor);  
(n) 
the Original Financing Amount of the Receivable on the relevant Finance Agreement Effective 
Date is equal to or below the sum of (i) the Acquisition Price, (ii) the road fund license (if any)

--- Page 160 ---
- 147 - 
and (iii) the first registration fee (if any) in respect of such Vehicle as at the corresponding 
Finance Agreement Effective Date, both amounts being rounded at the nearest GBP 1;  
(o) 
the current Principal Outstanding Balance of the Receivable is higher than GBP100, and lower 
than GBP75,000; 
(p) 
the APR and the Implicit Customer Rate of such Finance Agreement is no more than 30 per 
cent per annum; 
(q) 
to the Seller’s knowledge, the relevant Obligor of such Finance Agreement does not intend to 
make any prepayment or early settlement, in whole or in part, of such Finance Agreement or 
exercise its rights under the Consumer Credit Act in connection with a Voluntary Termination 
Event;  
(r) 
such Receivables do not include any securitisation positions; and 
(s) 
such Receivables is not, at the time of selection an exposure in default within the meaning of 
Article 178(1) of Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 or an exposure to a credit-impaired debtor or 
guarantor who, to the best of the Seller’s knowledge, in accordance with Article 20(11) of the 
UK Securitisation Regulation: 
(i) 
has been declared insolvent or had a court grant his creditors a final non-appealable 
right of enforcement or material damages as a result of a missed payment within three 
years prior to the date of origination or has undergone a debt restructuring process with 
regard to his non-performing exposures within three years prior to the date of transfer 
or assignment of the underlying exposures to the Issuer; 
(ii) 
was, at the time of origination, where applicable, on a public credit registry of persons 
with adverse credit history or, where there is no such public credit registry, another 
credit registry that is available to the originator or original lender; and 
(iii) 
has a credit assessment or a credit score indicating that the risk of contractually agreed 
payments not being made is significantly higher than for comparable exposures held by 
the originator which are not securitise, 
(such credit impaired debtor or guarantor being a "Credit Impaired Debtor"). 
Obligor Eligibility Criteria 
Each Obligor under a Finance Agreement relating to a Transferred Receivable will be required to satisfy 
the following criteria as at the Cut-off Date immediately preceding the sale by the Seller to the Issuer of 
such Receivables: 
(a) 
the Obligor is either (i) an individual who has its principal place of residence in England and 
Wales or Scotland or Northern Ireland or (ii) a corporate entity which has its registered office in 
England and Wales or in Scotland or in Northern Ireland; 
(b) 
the Obligor does not hold any deposit with the Seller; 
(c) 
the Obligor is not and has not been insolvent or bankrupt or subject to a Debt Relief Order and 
no proceedings for the commencement of insolvency proceedings against the Obligor are 
pending or threatened in any jurisdiction; and 
(d) 
no Obligor is either an employee of the Renault Group, or a member of Renault Group.  
Receivables Representations 
Pursuant to the Master Receivables Transfer Agreement, the Seller will represent and warrant to the 
Issuer (i) on the date of the Initial Issue Date, in respect of each Receivable which is a First Transferred

--- Page 161 ---
- 148 - 
Receivable and (ii) on the relevant Transfer Date, in respect of each Receivable which is an Additional 
Transferred Receivable (and, where specified below, in respect of each related Vehicle and Vehicle 
Sale Proceeds Receivable): 
(a) 
immediately before the sale of such Receivable by the Seller to the Issuer, the Seller is the sole 
creditor and (legal and beneficial) owner of such Receivable (and the related Vehicle Sale 
Proceeds Receivable) free from any Security Interest; 
(b) 
immediately before the sale of such Vehicle Sale Proceeds Receivable by the Seller to the 
Issuer, the Seller is the sole legal and beneficial owner of the relevant Vehicle and is and would 
be solely entitled to receive and retain (beneficially) the proceeds of any sale of the related 
Vehicle to a third party, in each case, free from any Security Interest; 
(c) 
the sale, assignment and transfer of such Receivable (and the related Vehicle Sale Proceeds 
Receivable) to the Issuer in accordance with the terms of the Transaction Documents will be a 
valid sale, assignment and transfer, and in the event of completion of the sale, assignment and 
transfer of such Receivable (and the related Vehicle Sale Proceeds Receivable) in accordance 
with the terms of the Transaction Documents, the Issuer will obtain good and marketable title 
thereto and will have beneficial title to or beneficial interest in such Receivable (and the related 
Vehicle Sale Proceeds Receivable) free from any third party rights; 
(d) 
all information given in respect of such Receivable (in particular the information contained in the 
Initial Issue Date Receivables Offer IT File or the Additional Receivables Offer IT File, as 
applicable) is true and correct as of the relevant Cut-Off Date, the identifying number stated 
therein allows the relevant Finance Agreement to be identified in the Seller’s records and such 
Receivable is separately identifiable in the Seller’s systems; 
(e) 
each Receivables Offer IT File is physically and unequivocally identified as the Receivables 
Offer IT File referred to in the First Receivables Offer or the relevant Additional Receivables 
Offer and is available as required to the Issuer on entry into of the First Receivables Offer or the 
relevant Additional Receivables Offer as applicable and is capable of being used by the Issuer 
to produce a physical list of the data contained therein without reference to the Seller or its 
systems; 
(f) 
such Receivable has been selected on the relevant Cut-Off Date in good faith on a non-adverse 
basis and in accordance with the Receivables Eligibility Criteria and such Receivable (and the 
related Vehicle Sale Proceeds Receivable) satisfies the Receivables Eligibility Criteria as of the 
relevant Cut-Off Date and is due from an Obligor which satisfies the Obligor Eligibility Criteria 
as of the relevant Cut-Off Date and has been transferred without undue delay; 
(g) 
such Receivable derives from a Finance Agreement: 
(i) 
which is legally valid, binding and enforceable (with or without a court order) in 
accordance with its terms and all Applicable Laws (including with respect to consumer 
protection and data protection), with full recourse to debtors and all required consents, 
approvals and authorisations have been obtained in respect thereof; 
(ii) 
which has been directly originated in the ordinary course of the Seller’s business in 
accordance with the Seller’s (so long as it is the Servicer) Underwriting and Collection 
Procedures, is based on the Seller’s general terms and conditions of business and such 
Underwriting and Collection Procedures are no less stringent than those that the Seller 
applies at the time of origination to similar exposures that are not securitised; 
(iii) 
which was originated in accordance with all Applicable Laws in all material respects and 
which conforms in all material respects with all Applicable Laws (including, but not 
limited to applicable anti-money laundering, anti-bribery or anti-corruption law or 
regulation) in effect and binding upon it;

--- Page 162 ---
- 149 - 
(iv) 
which was entered into in compliance with the terms of all applicable anti-money 
laundering, anti-bribery or anti-corruption law or regulation; 
(v) 
which has been entered into in connection with the financing of one Vehicle by the 
Obligor at the time of sale and assignment of the relevant Receivable and of the related 
Ancillary Rights; 
(vi) 
which has not been terminated or cancelled and pursuant to which repayments have 
not been suspended and are not capable of being suspended except as permitted in 
clause 3.2 of the Servicing Agreement; and 
(vii) 
which has been administered at all times in compliance with the terms of the Finance 
Agreement (save to the extent a Prudent Lender would do otherwise) and in accordance 
with all Applicable Laws in all material respects including as regards the provision of 
post-contractual documentation required under the CCA (without limitation including 
annual statement, notices of sums in arrears and notices of sums in default) which has 
been sent to the Obligor in the form and at the times required by the CCA; 
(i) 
such Receivable is governed by and subject to English law, Scots Law or Northern Irish Law; 
(j) 
such Receivable (and the related Vehicle Sale Proceeds Receivable) is a financial asset for the 
purposes of generally accepted accounting practice; 
(k) 
prior to entering into each Finance Agreement, the Seller carried out all investigations, searches 
and other actions, and made such enquiries as to the status and creditworthiness of each 
Obligor thereunder as described in the Underwriting and Collection Procedures as amended 
from time to time; 
(l) 
the Seller is not prohibited from selling, transferring, assigning or holding on trust its rights in 
respect of the relevant Receivable, Ancillary Rights or Vehicle Sale Proceeds Receivable which 
may be transferred by way of sale and assignment or trust and, subject to the applicable 
provisions of the Data Protection Laws, such sale, transfer, assignment or holding on trust is 
not limited by contractual or legal provisions nor any requirement to give notice or obtain consent 
from the Obligor or any other person in relation to any such sale, transfer, assignment or trust; 
(m) 
to the extent that the relevant Obligor is an individual or a relevant recipient of credit (as defined 
in Article 60L of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Regulated Activities) Order 2001), 
the Seller (and any Car Dealers or agents acting on its behalf) has fully complied with all 
applicable consumer legislation (including but not limited to the CCA and the CRA) and rules, 
guidance or publications from the FCA and the related Finance Agreements comply with the 
requirements thereof and at the time such Receivable was originated, the Seller (and any Car 
Dealers or agents acting on its behalf) has the necessary licences pursuant to FSMA; no 
Finance Agreement relating to a Receivable contains any material term capable of being found 
by a court of competent jurisdiction as considered by the Director General of Fair Trading to be 
an unfair term for the purposes of the Unfair Terms in Consumer Contracts Regulations 1994 
and 1999 or the Consumer Rights Act 2015 (as applicable); 
(n) 
such Receivable (and the related Vehicle Sale Proceeds Receivable) is capable of being subject 
to the Security such that the Issuer may grant in respect thereof the Security Interests expressed 
to be granted under the Deed of Charge; 
(o) 
the Seller has maintained records relating to the relevant Finance Agreement which are 
accurate and complete and which are sufficient to enable the relevant Finance Agreement to 
be enforced against the relevant Obligor, so that such Receivable is distinguishable from other 
claims of the Seller and such records are held by or to the order of the Seller; 
(p) 
the Receivable (and the related Vehicle Sale Proceeds Receivable) is not subject to any rights 
of rescission, set-off, withholding, suspension, counterclaim or defence whatsoever;

--- Page 163 ---
- 150 - 
(q) 
to the Seller’s knowledge, no action has been taken, and no omission has occurred, on the part 
of the Seller which might invalidate or render voidable any Debtor Insurance or any Insurance 
Policy in respect of the relevant Finance Agreement in any respect and it has not received notice 
or become aware of any act, omission or event on its part such that any such Debtor Insurance 
or any Insurance Policy might be or become void, voidable or otherwise in any way materially 
adversely affected; 
(r) 
the amounts received in connection with such Receivable (and the related Vehicle Sale 
Proceeds Receivable) can be segregated and identified from the other receivables owed to the 
Seller on any day; 
(s) 
to the Seller’s knowledge, no action has been taken, and no omission has occurred, on the part 
of the Seller which might invalidate or render voidable any maintenance contract in respect of 
such Receivable (and the related Vehicle Sale Proceeds Receivable) in any respect, and it has 
not received notice or become aware of any act, omission or event on its part such that any 
maintenance contract might be or become void, voidable or otherwise in any way materially 
adversely affected; 
(t) 
there has been no waiver, variation or amendment in respect of the original terms of the relevant 
Finance Agreement which might have a Material Adverse Effect on the amount or collectability 
of such Receivable; 
(u) 
such Receivable derives from a Finance Agreement under which: (i) there is no obligation on 
the Seller to provide any maintenance service, Insurance Policy, Debtor Insurance or other type 
of insurance; and (ii) the Seller does not provide any "credit" within the meaning of section 9 of 
the Consumer Credit Act 1974 in respect of maintenance services, Insurance Policies, Debtor 
Insurance or any other type of insurance under the relevant Finance Agreement; 
(v) 
the purchase price (including VAT) for the relevant Vehicle has been paid in full to the relevant 
Car Dealer; 
(w) 
the Vehicle financed by the Finance Agreement has been delivered to, and not rejected by, the 
relevant Obligor and such Vehicle (i) is not a total loss for insurance purposes, (ii) has not been 
stolen and (iii) is in the possession or under the control of the relevant Obligor and (iv) has 
materially complied with the requirements under section 10 of the Supply of Goods (Implied 
Terms) Act 1973 or alternatively (as applicable) sections 9, 10, 11, 13 and 14 of the Consumer 
Rights Act 2015; 
(x) 
the Vehicle financed by the Finance Agreement is capable of being "Trust Property" as defined 
in and for the purposes of each Scottish Declaration of Trust; 
(y) 
the relevant Obligor has not withheld or deducted any amount for or on account of tax from any 
payment made pursuant to the relevant Finance Agreement, or attempted to do the same; and 
(z) 
no Finance Agreement relating to such Receivable is subject to any claim or proceeding under 
Section 75 or Section 75A CCA; 
(aa)  
such Receivable derives from a Finance Agreement which contains no obligation whereby the 
Seller is required to provide any Insurance Policy, Debtor Insurance or other type of insurance; 
(bb)  
no action whether formal or informal has been taken by the Competition and Markets Authority, 
the FOS, the FCA, a qualifying body as defined in the UTCCR or an enforcer as defined in the 
CRA, against the Seller or Servicer pursuant to the UTCCR, CRA or other applicable legislation 
which could reasonably be expected to restrict or prevent the operation of any material term of 
any Finance Agreement with an Obligor relating to a Receivable; 
(cc) 
there is no matter in relation to a Finance Agreement with an Obligor that is subject to ongoing 
remediation by the Seller or, so far as the Seller is aware, requires remediation by the Seller;

--- Page 164 ---
- 151 - 
(dd) 
to the best of the Seller’s knowledge, there is no unresolved complaints or outstanding actions 
with the FOS in relation to the Finance Agreement with any Obligor relating to any such 
Receivable; 
(ee) 
the Seller has not sold (nor has any person or entity sold on their behalf) any payment protection 
insurance (PPI) to an Obligor under any Finance Agreement relating to the Receivable; and 
(ff) 
to the best of the Seller’s knowledge, the Finance Agreement relating to such Receivable 
(whether alone or with any related agreement) does not constitute, whether in whole or in part, 
an unfair relationship for the purposes of sections 140A to 140C of the CCA. 
No active portfolio management of the Transferred Receivables 
As long as any Class of Notes is outstanding, there will be no active portfolio management by the Seller 
of the Receivables on a discretionary basis. 
Limits of the Representations and Warranties 
The representations, warranties and undertakings given by the Seller in respect of the conformity of the 
Transferred Receivables to the applicable Eligibility Criteria under the terms of the Master Receivables 
Transfer Agreement do not give rise to any guarantee. Under no circumstances may the Issuer request 
an additional indemnity from the Seller in respect of such representations, warranties and undertakings. 
The Seller does not guarantee the creditworthiness of the Obligors or the effectiveness and/or the 
economic value of the Ancillary Rights. Moreover, the above representations, warranties and 
undertakings do not provide the Noteholders with any enforcement right vis-à-vis the Seller.

--- Page 165 ---
- 152 - 
PORTFOLIO CHARACTERISTICS AND HISTORICAL DATA 
The statistical and other information contained in this section has been compiled by reference to a 
portfolio of GBP1,041,666,999.51 as at the Initial Cut-Off Date (on the basis of information provided by 
the Seller) (the "Portfolio") and is described further in the section entitled "DESCRIPTION OF THE 
PORTFOLIO" above. 
The Aggregate Principal Outstanding Balance of the Portfolio as at the Initial Cut-Off Date will be equal 
to the Aggregate Note Principal Amount Outstanding of all the Notes. 
Except as otherwise indicated, these tables have been prepared using the Principal Outstanding 
Balance as at the Initial Cut-Off Date. The amounts in GBP are sometimes rounded at the nearest GBP1 
and the columns of percentages may not add up to 100% due to rounding. 
The composition of the portfolio of Transferred Receivables will be modified as a result of purchase of 
Additional Eligible Receivables, the amortisation of the Transferred Receivables, any prepayments, any 
losses related to the Transferred Receivables, any retransfer of Transferred Receivables or 
renegotiations entered into by the Servicer in accordance with the Servicing Procedures. 
As at the Initial Cut-Off Date, the Portfolio had the following characteristics.

--- Page 166 ---
- 153 - 
Final Portfolio Summary Information  
Hire Purchase 
Personal Contract Purchase 
All Contracts 
New Vehicles 
Used Vehicles 
Total 
New Vehicles 
Used Vehicles 
Total 
New Vehicles 
Used Vehicles 
Total 
Aggregate Principal Outstanding Balance 
£45,241,411 
£56,084,311 
£101,325,722 
£726,872,044 
£213,469,234 
£940,341,278 
£772,113,455 
£269,553,545 
£1,041,667,000
Number of Loans 
6,964 
12,365 
19,329 
59,784 
24,249 
84,033 
66,748 
36,614 
103,362 
Minimum Loan Balance 
£110 
£110 
£110 
£1,255 
£338 
£338 
£110 
£110 
£110 
Maximum Loan Balance 
£28,700 
£37,716 
£37,716 
£64,037 
£55,364 
£64,037 
£64,037 
£55,364 
£64,037 
Arithmetic Average Loan Balance 
£6,496 
£4,536 
£5,242 
£12,158 
£8,803 
£11,190 
£11,568 
£7,362 
£10,078 
Balloon Payments 
£0.00 
£0.00 
£0.00 
£438,269,798 
£122,098,611 
£560,368,409 
£438,269,798 
£122,098,611 
£560,368,409 
Wtd Avg. Balloon Payments / Loan  
Origination Value 
0.0% 
0.0% 
0.0% 
45.2% 
45.2% 
45.2% 
42.5% 
35.8% 
40.8% 
Monthly Direct Debit Pay % 
100% 
100% 
100% 
100% 
100% 
100% 
100% 
100% 
100% 
Weighted Average OLTV % 
74.2% 
71.8% 
72.9% 
86.0% 
87.9% 
86.4% 
85.3% 
84.5% 
85.1% 
Weighted Average Original Term  
to Maturity (mths) 
54 
49 
51 
46 
46 
46 
47 
47 
47 
Minimum Term (mths) 
24 
12 
12 
24 
24 
24 
24 
12 
12 
Maximum Term (mths) 
60 
60 
60 
48 
48 
48 
60 
60 
60 
Weighted Average Remaining Term 
 to Maturity (mths) 
34 
31 
33 
27 
29 
28 
28 
29 
28 
Minimum Term (mths) 
1 
1 
1 
2 
2 
2 
1 
1 
1 
Maximum Term (mths) 
57 
55 
57 
46 
44 
46 
57 
55 
57 
Weighted Average Seasoning (mths) 
19 
17 
18 
19 
17 
18 
19 
17 
18 
Minimum Seasoning (mths) 
2 
2 
2 
2 
4 
2 
2 
2 
2 
Maximum Seasoning (mths) 
58 
57 
58 
46 
46 
46 
58 
57 
58 
Weighted Average Discount Rate (%) 
6.9% 
8.9% 
8.0% 
6.1% 
9.5% 
6.9% 
6.2% 
9.4% 
7.01 
Minimum Discount Rate (%) 
5.9% 
5.9% 
5.9% 
5.9% 
5.9% 
5.9% 
5.9% 
5.9% 
5.9% 
Maximum Discount Rate (%) 
16.6% 
17.3% 
17.3% 
16.1% 
15.4% 
16.1% 
16.6% 
17.3% 
17.3% 
Wtd Avg. Deposit / Acquisition Price 
26.2% 
14.8% 
19.9% 
14.6% 
13.0% 
14.3% 
15.3% 
13.4% 
14.8%

--- Page 167 ---
- 154 - 
Table 1: Principal Outstanding Balances by Sub-Pool 
Principal Outstanding 
Balance
% of Balance 
Number of 
Agreements
% of Number 
1 
HP New Vehicles 
£45,241,410.83 
4.34% 
6,964 
6.74% 
2 
HP Used Vehicles 
£56,084,311.06 
5.38% 
12,365 
11.96% 
3 
PCP New Vehicles 
£726,872,043.83 
69.78% 
59,784 
57.84% 
4 
PCP Used Vehicles 
£213,469,233.79 
20.49% 
24,249 
23.46% 
Total 
£1,041,666,999.51 
100.00% 
103,362 
100.00% 
Table 2: Principal Outstanding Balance 
Total 
Principal Outstanding Balance 
Principal Outstanding 
Balance 
% by Balance 
Number of Agreements
% by Number 
Min 
Max 
£0 
£5,000 
£44,590,814.89 
4.3% 
14,729 
14.2% 
£5,000 
£10,000 
£309,600,937.46 
29.7% 
40,836 
39.5% 
£10,000 
£15,000 
£343,730,419.21 
33.0% 
28,463 
27.5% 
£15,000 
£20,000 
£261,994,343.06 
25.2% 
15,592 
15.1% 
£20,000 
£25,000 
£70,391,294.46 
6.8% 
3,344 
3.2% 
£25,000 
£30,000 
£8,522,524.92 
0.8% 
327 
0.3% 
£30,000 
£35,000 
£812,687.16 
0.1% 
26 
0.0% 
£35,000 
+ 
£2,023,978.35 
0.2% 
45 
0.0% 
Total 
£1,041,666,999.51 
100.0% 
103,362 
100.0%

--- Page 168 ---
- 155 - 
HP New Vehicles 
Principal Outstanding Balance 
Principal Outstanding 
Balance 
% by Balance 
Number of Agreements
% by Number 
Min 
Max 
£0 
£5,000 
£8,222,274.29 
18.2% 
3,239 
46.5% 
£5,000 
£10,000 
£15,213,536.56 
33.6% 
2,121 
30.5% 
£10,000 
£15,000 
£12,501,384.92 
27.6% 
1,049 
15.1% 
£15,000 
£20,000 
£7,702,430.54 
17.0% 
479 
6.9% 
£20,000 
£25,000 
£1,420,125.94 
3.1% 
69 
1.0% 
£25,000 
£30,000 
£181,658.58 
0.4% 
7 
0.1% 
£30,000 
£35,000 
£0.00 
0.0% 
0 
0.0% 
£35,000 
+ 
£0.00 
0.0% 
0 
0.0% 
Total 
£45,241,410.83 
100.0% 
6,964 
100.0% 
HP Used Vehicles 
Principal Outstanding Balance 
Principal Outstanding 
Balance 
% by Balance 
Number of Agreements
% by Number 
Min 
Max 
£0 
£5,000 
£21,242,486.42 
37.9% 
7,802 
63.1% 
£5,000 
£10,000 
£26,601,042.59 
47.4% 
3,902 
31.6% 
£10,000 
£15,000 
£6,609,808.20 
11.8% 
570 
4.6% 
£15,000 
£20,000 
£1,217,874.99 
2.2% 
73 
0.6% 
£20,000 
£25,000 
£346,604.52 
0.6% 
16 
0.1% 
£25,000 
£30,000 
£28,778.06 
0.1% 
1 
0.0% 
£30,000 
£35,000 
£0.00 
0.0% 
0 
0.0% 
£35,000 
+ 
£37,716.28 
0.1% 
1 
0.0% 
Total 
£56,084,311.06 
100.0% 
12,365 
100.0%

--- Page 169 ---
- 156 - 
PCP New Vehicles 
Principal Outstanding Balance 
Principal Outstanding 
Balance 
% by Balance 
Number of Agreements
% by Number 
Min 
Max 
£0 
£5,000 
£6,252,715.27 
0.9% 
1,521 
2.5% 
£5,000 
£10,000 
£156,675,277.56 
21.6% 
20,092 
33.6% 
£10,000 
£15,000 
£249,912,496.36 
34.4% 
20,578 
34.4% 
£15,000 
£20,000 
£236,535,725.98 
32.5% 
14,039 
23.5% 
£20,000 
£25,000 
£66,943,335.23 
9.2% 
3,181 
5.3% 
£25,000 
£30,000 
£8,117,687.86 
1.1% 
312 
0.5% 
£30,000 
£35,000 
£715,025.69 
0.1% 
23 
0.0% 
£35,000 
+ 
£1,719,779.88 
0.2% 
38 
0.1% 
Total 
£726,872,043.83 
100.0% 
59,784 
100.0% 
PCP Used Vehicles 
Principal Outstanding Balance 
Principal Outstanding 
Balance 
% by Balance 
Number of Agreements
% by Number 
Min 
Max 
£0 
£5,000 
£8,873,338.91 
4.2% 
2,167 
8.9% 
£5,000 
£10,000 
£111,111,080.75 
52.1% 
14,721 
60.7% 
£10,000 
£15,000 
£74,706,729.73 
35.0% 
6,266 
25.8% 
£15,000 
£20,000 
£16,538,311.55 
7.7% 
1,001 
4.1% 
£20,000 
£25,000 
£1,681,228.77 
0.8% 
78 
0.3% 
£25,000 
£30,000 
£194,400.42 
0.1% 
7 
0.0% 
£30,000 
£35,000 
£97,661.47 
0.0% 
3 
0.0% 
£35,000 
+ 
£266,482.19 
0.1% 
6 
0.0% 
Total 
£213,469,233.79 
100.0% 
24,249 
100.0%

--- Page 170 ---
- 157 - 
Table 3: Original Term to Maturity (in months) 
Original Term to Maturity
Total 
Min 
Max 
Principal Outstanding 
Balance 
% of Balance 
 Number of 
Agreements 
% of Number 
1 
12 
£6,948.99 
0.00% 
8 
0.01% 
13 
24 
£6,272,330.47 
0.60% 
1,860 
1.80% 
25 
36 
£150,419,304.51 
14.44% 
17,060 
16.51% 
37 
48 
£829,891,433.75 
79.67% 
76,766 
74.27% 
49 
60 
£55,076,981.79 
5.29% 
7,668 
7.42% 
Total 
£1,041,666,999.51 
100.00% 
103,362 
100.00% 
Original Term to Maturity
HP New Vehicles 
Min 
Max 
Principal Outstanding 
Balance 
% of Balance 
 Number of 
Agreements 
% of Number 
1 
12 
£0.00 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
13 
24 
£360,112.14 
0.80% 
90 
1.29% 
25 
36 
£4,686,294.56 
10.36% 
935 
13.43% 
37 
48 
£11,886,294.33 
26.27% 
2,627 
37.72% 
49 
60 
£28,308,709.80 
62.57% 
3,312 
47.56% 
Total 
£45,241,410.83 
100.00% 
6,964 
100.00% 
Original Term to Maturity
HP Used Vehicles 
Min 
Max 
Principal Outstanding 
Balance 
% of Balance 
 Number of 
Agreements 
% of Number 
1 
12 
£6,948.99 
0.01% 
8 
0.06% 
13 
24 
£3,639,537.82 
6.49% 
1,568 
12.68% 
25 
36 
£14,631,658.91 
26.09% 
4,082 
33.01% 
37 
48 
£11,037,893.35 
19.68% 
2,351 
19.01% 
49 
60 
£26,768,271.99 
47.73% 
4,356 
35.23% 
Total 
£56,084,311.06 
100.00% 
12,365 
100.00%

--- Page 171 ---
- 158 - 
Original Term to Maturity
PCP New Vehicles 
Min 
Max 
Principal Outstanding 
Balance 
% of Balance 
 Number of 
Agreements 
% of Number 
1 
12 
£0.00 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
13 
24 
£2,123,380.18 
0.29% 
183 
0.31% 
25 
36 
£100,952,071.63 
13.89% 
8,032 
13.44% 
37 
48 
£623,796,592.02 
85.82% 
51,569 
86.26% 
49 
60 
£0.00 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
Total 
£726,872,043.83 
100.00% 
59,784 
100.00% 
Original Term to Maturity
PCP Used Vehicles 
Min 
Max 
Principal Outstanding 
Balance 
% of Balance 
 Number of 
Agreements 
% of Number 
1 
12 
£0.00 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
13 
24 
£149,300.33 
0.07% 
19 
0.08% 
25 
36 
£30,149,279.41 
14.12% 
4,011 
16.54% 
37 
48 
£183,170,654.05 
85.81% 
20,219 
83.38% 
49 
60 
£0.00 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
Total 
£213,469,233.79 
100.00% 
24,249 
100.00%

--- Page 172 ---
- 159 - 
Table 4: Seasoning (in months) 
Number of Months Since Origination
Total 
Min 
Max 
Principal Outstanding 
Balance 
% of Balance 
 Number of 
Agreements 
% of Number 
0 
5 
£25,965,902.32 
2.49% 
2,033 
1.97% 
6 
11 
£319,202,886.61 
30.64% 
25,572 
24.74% 
12 
17 
£205,604,806.59 
19.74% 
18,151 
17.56% 
18 
23 
£179,500,472.13 
17.23% 
17,905 
17.32% 
24 
29 
£168,622,171.42 
16.19% 
18,594 
17.99% 
30 
35 
£89,824,653.73 
8.62% 
11,723 
11.34% 
36 
41 
£36,364,572.57 
3.49% 
5,686 
5.50% 
42 
47 
£15,781,066.59 
1.51% 
3,275 
3.17% 
48 
53 
£772,983.95 
0.07% 
382 
0.37% 
54 
60 
£27,483.60 
0.00% 
41 
0.04% 
Total 
£1,041,666,999.51 
100.00% 
103,362 
100.00% 
Number of Months Since Origination
HP New Vehicles 
Min 
Max 
Principal Outstanding 
Balance 
% of Balance 
 Number of 
Agreements 
% of Number 
0 
5 
£1,326,457.57 
2.93% 
100 
1.44% 
6 
11 
£14,499,798.96 
32.05% 
1,336 
19.18% 
12 
17 
£8,682,940.63 
19.19% 
926 
13.30% 
18 
23 
£5,924,241.58 
13.09% 
797 
11.44% 
24 
29 
£6,603,218.95 
14.60% 
1,087 
15.61% 
30 
35 
£4,522,088.66 
10.00% 
1,064 
15.28% 
36 
41 
£1,990,901.53 
4.40% 
728 
10.45% 
42 
47 
£1,276,623.83 
2.82% 
718 
10.31% 
48 
53 
£398,891.42 
0.88% 
183 
2.63% 
54 
60 
£16,247.70 
0.04% 
25 
0.36% 
Total 
£45,241,410.83 
100.00% 
6,964 
100.00%

--- Page 173 ---
- 160 - 
Number of Months Since Origination
HP Used Vehicles 
Min 
Max 
Principal Outstanding 
Balance 
% of Balance 
 Number of 
Agreements 
% of Number 
0 
5 
£2,707,949.53 
4.83% 
429 
3.47% 
6 
11 
£20,567,340.48 
36.67% 
3,364 
27.21% 
12 
17 
£11,425,859.32 
20.37% 
2,401 
19.42% 
18 
23 
£8,487,405.41 
15.13% 
2,096 
16.95% 
24 
29 
£6,082,664.67 
10.85% 
1,629 
13.17% 
30 
35 
£3,684,192.55 
6.57% 
1,213 
9.81% 
36 
41 
£1,759,287.70 
3.14% 
564 
4.56% 
42 
47 
£984,282.97 
1.76% 
454 
3.67% 
48 
53 
£374,092.53 
0.67% 
199 
1.61% 
54 
60 
£11,235.90 
0.02% 
16 
0.13% 
Total 
£56,084,311.06 
100.00% 
12,365 
100.00% 
Number of Months Since Origination
PCP New Vehicles 
Min 
Max 
Principal Outstanding 
Balance 
% of Balance 
 Number of 
Agreements 
% of Number 
0 
5 
£15,129,748.54 
2.08% 
906 
1.52% 
6 
11 
£210,594,812.00 
28.97% 
13,837 
23.14% 
12 
17 
£143,117,107.53 
19.69% 
10,308 
17.24% 
18 
23 
£129,657,247.71 
17.84% 
10,627 
17.78% 
24 
29 
£127,285,927.00 
17.51% 
12,130 
20.29% 
30 
35 
£64,195,527.93 
8.83% 
6,994 
11.70% 
36 
41 
£25,785,228.82 
3.55% 
3,309 
5.53% 
42 
47 
£11,106,444.30 
1.53% 
1,673 
2.80% 
48 
53 
£0.00 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
54 
60 
£0.00 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
Total 
£726,872,043.83 
100.00% 
59,784 
100.00%

--- Page 174 ---
- 161 - 
Number of Months Since Origination
PCP Used Vehicles 
Min 
Max 
Principal Outstanding 
Balance 
% of Balance 
 Number of 
Agreements 
% of Number 
0 
5 
£6,801,746.68 
3.19% 
598 
2.47% 
6 
11 
£73,540,935.17 
34.45% 
7,035 
29.01% 
12 
17 
£42,378,899.11 
19.85% 
4,516 
18.62% 
18 
23 
£35,431,577.43 
16.60% 
4,385 
18.08% 
24 
29 
£28,650,360.80 
13.42% 
3,748 
15.46% 
30 
35 
£17,422,844.59 
8.16% 
2,452 
10.11% 
36 
41 
£6,829,154.52 
3.20% 
1,085 
4.47% 
42 
47 
£2,413,715.49 
1.13% 
430 
1.77% 
48 
53 
£0.00 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
54 
60 
£0.00 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
Total 
£213,469,233.79 
100.00% 
24,249 
100.00% 
Table 5: Remaining Term from Initial Cut off Date to Maturity (in months) 
Remaining Term
Total 
Min 
Max 
Principal Outstanding 
Balance 
% of Balance 
 Number of 
Agreements 
% of Number 
1 
12 
£96,824,581.25 
9.30% 
15,738 
15.23% 
13 
24 
£271,724,330.16 
26.09% 
31,010 
30.00% 
25 
36 
£366,277,291.91 
35.16% 
33,091 
32.01% 
37 
48 
£291,774,652.04 
28.01% 
22,145 
21.42% 
49 
60 
£15,066,144.15 
1.45% 
1,378 
1.33% 
Total 
£1,041,666,999.51 
100.00% 
103,362 
100.00% 
Remaining Term
HP New Vehicles 
Min 
Max 
Principal Outstanding 
Balance 
% of Balance 
 Number of 
Agreements 
% of Number 
1 
12 
£2,850,751.60 
6.30% 
1,642 
23.58% 
13 
24 
£7,794,163.29 
17.23% 
1,748 
25.10% 
25 
36 
£13,157,017.36 
29.08% 
1,735 
24.91% 
37 
48 
£13,506,815.73 
29.85% 
1,249 
17.94% 
49 
60 
£7,932,662.85 
17.53% 
590 
8.47% 
Total 
£45,241,410.83 
100.00% 
6,964 
100.00%

--- Page 175 ---
- 162 - 
Remaining Term
HP Used Vehicles 
Min 
Max 
Principal Outstanding 
Balance 
% of Balance 
 Number of 
Agreements 
% of Number 
1 
12 
£4,318,530.59 
7.70% 
2,765 
22.36% 
13 
24 
£13,980,690.64 
24.93% 
3,847 
31.11% 
25 
36 
£17,234,455.26 
30.73% 
3,149 
25.47% 
37 
48 
£13,417,153.27 
23.92% 
1,816 
14.69% 
49 
60 
£7,133,481.30 
12.72% 
788 
6.37% 
Total 
£56,084,311.06 
100.00% 
12,365 
100.00% 
Remaining Term
PCP New Vehicles 
Min 
Max 
Principal Outstanding 
Balance 
% of Balance 
 Number of 
Agreements 
% of Number 
1 
12 
£71,290,406.05 
9.81% 
8,352 
13.97% 
13 
24 
£200,111,699.59 
27.53% 
18,952 
31.70% 
25 
36 
£259,651,382.05 
35.72% 
19,749 
33.03% 
37 
48 
£195,818,556.14 
26.94% 
12,731 
21.29% 
49 
60 
£0.00 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
Total 
£726,872,043.83 
100.00% 
59,784 
100.00% 
Remaining Term
PCP Used Vehicles 
Min 
Max 
Principal Outstanding 
Balance 
% of Balance 
 Number of 
Agreements 
% of Number 
1 
12 
£18,364,893.01 
8.60% 
2,979 
12.29% 
13 
24 
£49,837,776.64 
23.35% 
6,463 
26.65% 
25 
36 
£76,234,437.24 
35.71% 
8,458 
34.88% 
37 
48 
£69,032,126.90 
32.34% 
6,349 
26.18% 
49 
60 
£0.00 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
Total 
£213,469,233.79 
100.00% 
24,249 
100.00%

--- Page 176 ---
- 163 - 
Table 6: Vehicle Type 
Total 
Principal Outstanding Balance 
% of Balance 
 Number of Agreements 
% of Number 
Car 
£1,008,383,226.93 
96.80% 
99,798 
96.55% 
Van 
£33,283,772.58 
3.20% 
3,564 
3.45% 
Total 
£1,041,666,999.51 
100.00% 
103,362 
100.00% 
HP New Vehicles 
Principal Outstanding Balance 
% of Balance 
 Number of Agreements 
% of Number 
Car 
£21,732,640.08 
48.04% 
4,491 
64.49% 
Van 
£23,508,770.75 
51.96% 
2,473 
35.51% 
Total 
£45,241,410.83 
100.00% 
6,964 
100.00% 
HP Used Vehicles 
Principal Outstanding Balance 
% of Balance 
 Number of Agreements 
% of Number 
Car 
£50,977,441.23 
90.89% 
11,579 
93.64% 
Van 
£5,106,869.83 
9.11% 
786 
6.36% 
Total 
£56,084,311.06 
100.00% 
12,365 
100.00% 
PCP New Vehicles 
Principal Outstanding Balance 
% of Balance 
 Number of Agreements 
% of Number 
Car 
£723,118,682.91 
99.48% 
59,548 
99.61% 
Van 
£3,753,360.92 
0.52% 
236 
0.39% 
Total 
£726,872,043.83 
100.00% 
59,784 
100.00% 
PCP Used Vehicles 
Principal Outstanding Balance 
% of Balance 
 Number of Agreements 
% of Number 
Car 
£212,554,462.71 
99.57% 
24,180 
99.72% 
Van 
£914,771.08 
0.43% 
69 
0.28% 
Total 
£213,469,233.79 
100.00% 
24,249 
100.00%

--- Page 177 ---
- 164 - 
Table 7: Discount Rate 
Discount Rate
Total 
Min % [>] 
Max % [<=] 
Principal Outstanding 
Balance 
% of Balance 
 Number of 
Agreements 
% of Number 
5.9 
7 
£753,252,320.66 
72.31% 
65,418 
63.29% 
7 
9 
£61,158,025.29 
5.87% 
9,306 
9.00% 
9 
11 
£192,527,306.98 
18.48% 
23,514 
22.75% 
11 
13 
£31,366,544.47 
3.01% 
4,489 
4.34% 
13 
15 
£3,324,986.91 
0.32% 
623 
0.60% 
15 
17 
£28,851.63 
0.00% 
11 
0.01% 
17 
19 
£8,963.57 
0.00% 
1 
0.00% 
Total 
£1,041,666,999.51 
100.00% 
103,362 
100.00% 
Discount Rate
HP New Vehicles 
Min % [>] 
Max % [<=] 
Principal Outstanding 
Balance 
% of Balance 
 Number of 
Agreements 
% of Number 
5.9 
7 
£31,178,769.43 
68.92% 
4,687 
67.30% 
7 
9 
£10,260,746.21 
22.68% 
1,640 
23.55% 
9 
11 
£2,905,720.37 
6.42% 
484 
6.95% 
11 
13 
£764,506.42 
1.69% 
124 
1.78% 
13 
15 
£127,767.07 
0.28% 
27 
0.39% 
15 
17 
£3,901.33 
0.01% 
2 
0.03% 
17 
19 
£0.00 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
Total 
£45,241,410.83 
100.00% 
6,964 
100.00%

--- Page 178 ---
- 165 - 
Discount Rate
HP Used Vehicles 
Min % [>] 
Max % [<=] 
Principal Outstanding 
Balance 
% of Balance 
 Number of 
Agreements 
% of Number 
5.9 
7 
£13,799,195.86 
24.60% 
2,808 
22.71% 
7 
9 
£13,088,240.57 
23.34% 
3,849 
31.13% 
9 
11 
£20,003,064.86 
35.67% 
3,746 
30.30% 
11 
13 
£7,580,163.12 
13.52% 
1,552 
12.55% 
13 
15 
£1,595,904.33 
2.85% 
403 
3.26% 
15 
17 
£8,778.75 
0.02% 
6 
0.05% 
17 
19 
£8,963.57 
0.02% 
1 
0.01% 
Total 
£56,084,311.06 
100.00% 
12,365 
100.00% 
Discount Rate
PCP New Vehicles 
Min % [>] 
Max % [<=] 
Principal Outstanding 
Balance 
% of Balance 
 Number of 
Agreements 
% of Number 
5.9 
7 
£701,776,628.20 
96.55% 
57,277 
95.81% 
7 
9 
£11,989,950.65 
1.65% 
1,222 
2.04% 
9 
11 
£11,583,640.59 
1.59% 
1,133 
1.90% 
11 
13 
£1,420,430.27 
0.20% 
142 
0.24% 
13 
15 
£91,459.29 
0.01% 
8 
0.01% 
15 
17 
£9,934.83 
0.00% 
2 
0.00% 
17 
19 
£0.00 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
Total 
£726,872,043.83 
100.00% 
59,784 
100.00% 
Discount Rate
PCP Used Vehicles 
Min % [>] 
Max % [<=] 
Principal Outstanding 
Balance 
% of Balance 
 Number of 
Agreements 
% of Number 
5.9 
7 
£6,497,727.17 
3.04% 
646 
2.66% 
7 
9 
£25,819,087.86 
12.09% 
2,595 
10.70% 
9 
11 
£158,034,881.16 
74.03% 
18,151 
74.85% 
11 
13 
£21,601,444.66 
10.12% 
2,671 
11.01% 
13 
15 
£1,509,856.22 
0.71% 
185 
0.76% 
15 
17 
£6,236.72 
0.00% 
1 
0.00% 
17 
19 
£0.00 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
Total 
£213,469,233.79 
100.00% 
24,249 
100.00%

--- Page 179 ---
- 166 - 
Table 8: Loan-to-Value Ratio 
Loan to Value
Total 
Min % [>] 
Max % [<=] 
Principal Outstanding 
Balance 
% of Balance 
Number of 
Agreements 
% of Number 
0% 
10% 
£8,171.38 
0.00% 
12 
0.01% 
10% 
20% 
£62,456.48 
0.01% 
43 
0.04% 
20% 
30% 
£1,265,173.98 
0.12% 
585 
0.57% 
30% 
40% 
£7,462,324.93 
0.72% 
2,475 
2.39% 
40% 
50% 
£10,205,760.10 
0.98% 
2,600 
2.52% 
50% 
60% 
£32,779,243.59 
3.15% 
4,881 
4.72% 
60% 
70% 
£62,575,676.22 
6.01% 
7,307 
7.07% 
70% 
80% 
£166,222,308.29 
15.96% 
15,651 
15.14% 
80% 
90% 
£334,997,080.58 
32.16% 
29,983 
29.01% 
90% 
100% 
£425,872,726.33 
40.88% 
39,790 
38.50% 
100% 
+ 
£216,077.63 
0.02% 
35 
0.03% 
Total 
£1,041,666,999.51 
100.00% 
103,362 
100.00% 
Loan to Value
HP New Vehicles 
Min % [>] 
Max % [<=] 
Principal Outstanding 
Balance 
% of Balance 
Number of 
Agreements 
% of Number 
0% 
10% 
£0.00 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
10% 
20% 
£26,308.54 
0.06% 
16 
0.23% 
20% 
30% 
£402,636.82 
0.89% 
147 
2.11% 
30% 
40% 
£1,198,266.77 
2.65% 
362 
5.20% 
40% 
50% 
£2,373,384.14 
5.25% 
605 
8.69% 
50% 
60% 
£4,692,720.57 
10.37% 
1,240 
17.81% 
60% 
70% 
£6,124,574.93 
13.54% 
1,060 
15.22% 
70% 
80% 
£12,833,936.19 
28.37% 
1,375 
19.74% 
80% 
90% 
£11,119,190.90 
24.58% 
1,290 
18.52% 
90% 
100% 
£6,470,391.97 
14.30% 
869 
12.48% 
100% 
+ 
£0.00 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
Total 
£45,241,410.83 
100.00% 
6,964 
100.00%

--- Page 180 ---
- 167 - 
Loan to Value
HP Used Vehicles 
Min % [>] 
Max % [<=] 
Principal Outstanding 
Balance 
% of Balance 
Number of 
Agreements 
% of Number 
0% 
10% 
£8,171.38 
0.01% 
12 
0.10% 
10% 
20% 
£36,147.94 
0.06% 
27 
0.22% 
20% 
30% 
£862,537.16 
1.54% 
438 
3.54% 
30% 
40% 
£6,252,211.09 
11.15% 
2,112 
17.08% 
40% 
50% 
£7,762,755.48 
13.84% 
1,986 
16.06% 
50% 
60% 
£3,640,980.66 
6.49% 
927 
7.50% 
60% 
70% 
£4,172,800.74 
7.44% 
918 
7.42% 
70% 
80% 
£7,030,399.78 
12.54% 
1,284 
10.38% 
80% 
90% 
£9,909,391.90 
17.67% 
1,683 
13.61% 
90% 
100% 
£16,390,840.86 
29.23% 
2,971 
24.03% 
100% 
+ 
£18,074.07 
0.03% 
7 
0.06% 
Total 
£56,084,311.06 
100.00% 
12,365 
100.00% 
Loan to Value
PCP New Vehicles 
Min % [>] 
Max % [<=] 
Principal Outstanding 
Balance 
% of Balance 
Number of 
Agreements 
% of Number 
0% 
10% 
£0.00 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
10% 
20% 
£0.00 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
20% 
30% 
£0.00 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
30% 
40% 
£0.00 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
40% 
50% 
£29,928.39 
0.00% 
4 
0.01% 
50% 
60% 
£19,254,832.85 
2.65% 
1,947 
3.26% 
60% 
70% 
£39,079,239.84 
5.38% 
3,437 
5.75% 
70% 
80% 
£121,632,686.17 
16.73% 
9,908 
16.57% 
80% 
90% 
£256,876,776.18 
35.34% 
20,497 
34.29% 
90% 
100% 
£289,941,449.67 
39.89% 
23,982 
40.11% 
100% 
+ 
£57,130.73 
0.01% 
9 
0.02% 
Total 
£726,872,043.83 
100.00% 
59,784 
100.00%

--- Page 181 ---
- 168 - 
Loan to Value
PCP Used Vehicles 
Min % [>] 
Max % [<=] 
Principal Outstanding 
Balance 
% of Balance 
Number of 
Agreements 
% of Number 
0% 
10% 
£0.00 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
10% 
20% 
£0.00 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
20% 
30% 
£0.00 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
30% 
40% 
£11,847.07 
0.01% 
1 
0.00% 
40% 
50% 
£39,692.09 
0.02% 
5 
0.02% 
50% 
60% 
£5,190,709.51 
2.43% 
767 
3.16% 
60% 
70% 
£13,199,060.71 
6.18% 
1,892 
7.80% 
70% 
80% 
£24,725,286.15 
11.58% 
3,084 
12.72% 
80% 
90% 
£57,091,721.60 
26.74% 
6,513 
26.86% 
90% 
100% 
£113,070,043.83 
52.97% 
11,968 
49.35% 
100% 
+ 
£140,872.83 
0.07% 
19 
0.08% 
Total 
£213,469,233.79 
100.00% 
24,249 
100.00%

--- Page 182 ---
- 169 - 
Table 9: Deposit as % of Acquisition Price 
Deposit Value %
Total 
Min % [>] 
Max % [<=] 
Principal Outstanding 
Balance 
% of Balance 
Number of 
Agreements 
% of Number 
0% 
10% 
£411,268,308.69 
39.48% 
41,176 
39.84% 
10% 
20% 
£342,236,459.83 
32.85% 
30,611 
29.62% 
20% 
30% 
£178,836,486.43 
17.17% 
16,767 
16.22% 
30% 
40% 
£66,609,107.31 
6.39% 
7,480 
7.24% 
40% 
50% 
£32,796,372.60 
3.15% 
4,917 
4.76% 
50% 
60% 
£7,169,281.80 
0.69% 
1,512 
1.46% 
60% 
70% 
£2,043,450.81 
0.20% 
629 
0.61% 
70% 
80% 
£668,711.93 
0.06% 
247 
0.24% 
80% 
90% 
£38,820.11 
0.00% 
23 
0.02% 
90% 
100% 
£0.00 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
Total 
£1,041,666,999.51 
100.00% 
103,362 
100.00% 
Deposit Value %
HP New Vehicles 
Min % [>] 
Max % [<=] 
Principal Outstanding 
Balance 
% of Balance 
Number of 
Agreements 
% of Number 
0% 
10% 
£6,168,037.59 
13.63% 
834 
11.98% 
10% 
20% 
£9,154,599.47 
20.23% 
1,104 
15.85% 
20% 
30% 
£14,862,453.80 
32.85% 
1,564 
22.46% 
30% 
40% 
£5,940,297.45 
13.13% 
885 
12.71% 
40% 
50% 
£4,868,404.27 
10.76% 
1,393 
20.00% 
50% 
60% 
£2,560,266.75 
5.66% 
644 
9.25% 
60% 
70% 
£1,193,280.00 
2.64% 
356 
5.11% 
70% 
80% 
£464,724.08 
1.03% 
165 
2.37% 
80% 
90% 
£29,347.42 
0.06% 
19 
0.27% 
90% 
100% 
£0.00 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
Total 
£45,241,410.83 
100.00% 
6,964 
100.00%

--- Page 183 ---
- 170 - 
Deposit Value %
HP Used Vehicles 
Min % [>] 
Max % [<=] 
Principal Outstanding 
Balance 
% of Balance 
Number of 
Agreements 
% of Number 
0% 
10% 
£28,294,700.56 
50.45% 
6,722 
54.36% 
10% 
20% 
£10,283,676.21 
18.34% 
1,726 
13.96% 
20% 
30% 
£7,294,754.62 
13.01% 
1,332 
10.77% 
30% 
40% 
£4,479,060.74 
7.99% 
949 
7.67% 
40% 
50% 
£2,849,445.28 
5.08% 
734 
5.94% 
50% 
60% 
£1,830,889.37 
3.26% 
544 
4.40% 
60% 
70% 
£838,323.74 
1.49% 
272 
2.20% 
70% 
80% 
£203,987.85 
0.36% 
82 
0.66% 
80% 
90% 
£9,472.69 
0.02% 
4 
0.03% 
90% 
100% 
£0.00 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
Total 
£56,084,311.06 
100.00% 
12,365 
100.00% 
Deposit Value %
PCP New Vehicles 
Min % [>] 
Max % [<=] 
Principal Outstanding 
Balance 
% of Balance 
Number of 
Agreements 
% of Number 
0% 
10% 
£272,536,694.90 
37.49% 
22,652 
37.89% 
10% 
20% 
£261,206,574.31 
35.94% 
20,799 
34.79% 
20% 
30% 
£129,551,873.16 
17.82% 
10,510 
17.58% 
30% 
40% 
£42,338,318.52 
5.82% 
3,688 
6.17% 
40% 
50% 
£19,162,429.60 
2.64% 
1,914 
3.20% 
50% 
60% 
£2,076,153.34 
0.29% 
221 
0.37% 
60% 
70% 
£0.00 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
70% 
80% 
£0.00 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
80% 
90% 
£0.00 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
90% 
100% 
£0.00 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
Total 
£726,872,043.83 
100.00% 
59,784 
100.00%

--- Page 184 ---
- 171 - 
Deposit Value %
PCP Used Vehicles 
Min % [>] 
Max % [<=] 
Principal Outstanding 
Balance 
% of Balance 
Number of 
Agreements 
% of Number 
0% 
10% 
£104,268,875.64 
48.84% 
10,968 
45.23% 
10% 
20% 
£61,591,609.84 
28.85% 
6,982 
28.79% 
20% 
30% 
£27,127,404.85 
12.71% 
3,361 
13.86% 
30% 
40% 
£13,851,430.60 
6.49% 
1,958 
8.07% 
40% 
50% 
£5,916,093.45 
2.77% 
876 
3.61% 
50% 
60% 
£701,972.34 
0.33% 
103 
0.42% 
60% 
70% 
£11,847.07 
0.01% 
1 
0.00% 
70% 
80% 
£0.00 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
80% 
90% 
£0.00 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
90% 
100% 
£0.00 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
Total 
£213,469,233.79 
100.00% 
24,249 
100.00%

--- Page 185 ---
- 172 - 
Table 10: Car Make Distribution 
Car Make
Total 
Car Make 
Principal Outstanding 
Balance 
% of Balance 
 Number of Agreements
% of Number 
ABARTH 
£77,311.38 
0.01% 
10 
0.01% 
ALFA ROMEO 
£15,318.68 
0.00% 
4 
0.00% 
ALPINE 
£1,074,729.42 
0.10% 
32 
0.03% 
AUDI 
£1,507,218.62 
0.14% 
143 
0.14% 
BMW 
£1,153,148.15 
0.11% 
110 
0.11% 
CHEVROLET 
£961.48 
0.00% 
1 
0.00% 
CHRYSLER 
£1,578.92 
0.00% 
1 
0.00% 
CITROEN 
£1,008,261.92 
0.10% 
186 
0.18% 
DACIA 
£132,683,778.33 
12.74% 
17,528 
16.96% 
DS 
£228,445.33 
0.02% 
38 
0.04% 
FIAT 
£1,185,338.37 
0.11% 
225 
0.22% 
FORD 
£2,576,651.60 
0.25% 
392 
0.38% 
HONDA 
£319,391.34 
0.03% 
40 
0.04% 
HYUNDAI 
£797,996.14 
0.08% 
122 
0.12% 
INFINITI 
£2,494,884.36 
0.24% 
249 
0.24% 
ISUZU 
£19,634.68 
0.00% 
2 
0.00% 
JAGUAR 
£165,400.02 
0.02% 
14 
0.01% 
JEEP 
£162,323.06 
0.02% 
13 
0.01% 
KIA 
£2,637,664.97 
0.25% 
301 
0.29% 
LAND ROVER 
£384,308.83 
0.04% 
25 
0.02% 
LEXUS 
£21,435.75 
0.00% 
2 
0.00% 
MAZDA 
£284,117.87 
0.03% 
42 
0.04% 
MERCEDES-BENZ 
£1,751,490.71 
0.17% 
145 
0.14% 
MG MOTOR UK 
£137,582.09 
0.01% 
19 
0.02% 
MINI 
£436,534.25 
0.04% 
57 
0.06% 
MITSUBISHI 
£393,502.97 
0.04% 
41 
0.04% 
NISSAN 
£588,307,372.19 
56.48% 
50,702 
49.05% 
PEUGEOT 
£1,411,524.02 
0.14% 
234 
0.23% 
PORSCHE 
£25,126.01 
0.00% 
2 
0.00% 
RENAULT 
£295,728,763.79 
28.39% 
31,945 
30.91% 
RENAULT TRUCKS UK 
£3,153.25 
0.00% 
1 
0.00%

--- Page 186 ---
- 173 - 
SEAT 
£476,852.53 
0.05% 
69 
0.07% 
SKODA 
£246,042.03 
0.02% 
40 
0.04% 
SMART 
£46,136.07 
0.00% 
8 
0.01% 
SSANGYONG 
£13,278.19 
0.00% 
2 
0.00% 
SUBARU 
£52,985.41 
0.01% 
4 
0.00% 
SUZUKI 
£343,827.58 
0.03% 
59 
0.06% 
TOYOTA 
£516,863.22 
0.05% 
76 
0.07% 
VAUXHALL 
£1,485,038.51 
0.14% 
302 
0.29% 
VOLKSWAGEN 
£1,135,525.85 
0.11% 
146 
0.14% 
VOLVO 
£355,501.62 
0.03% 
30 
0.03% 
Total 
£1,041,666,999.51 
100.00% 
103,362 
100.00%

--- Page 187 ---
- 174 - 
Table 11: Geographical Distribution 
Total 
Region 
Principal Outstanding Balance 
% by Balance 
Number of Agreements 
% by Number 
England 
£839,252,030.02 
80.57% 
81,726 
79.07% 
Northern Ireland 
£30,181,424.63 
2.90% 
3,674 
3.55% 
Scotland 
£88,709,123.65 
8.52% 
8,878 
8.59% 
Wales 
£83,524,421.21 
8.02% 
9,084 
8.79% 
Total 
£1,041,666,999.51 
100.00% 
103,362 
100.00% 
Table 12: PCP Balloon Payment as % of PCP Origination Balance 
PCP Balloon Amount / Loan Amount
 Total 
Min % (>=) 
Max % (<) 
Principal Outstanding 
Balance 
% by Balance 
 Number of 
Agreements 
% by Number 
0% 
10% 
£3,496,661.19 
0.37% 
490 
0.58% 
10% 
20% 
£4,827,391.00 
0.51% 
911 
1.08% 
20% 
30% 
£14,890,551.24 
1.58% 
1,830 
2.18% 
30% 
40% 
£247,072,896.93 
26.27% 
24,322 
28.94% 
40% 
50% 
£455,396,708.26 
48.43% 
38,242 
45.51% 
50% 
60% 
£142,815,398.01 
15.19% 
11,959 
14.23% 
60% 
70% 
£46,875,711.39 
4.98% 
3,998 
4.76% 
70% 
80% 
£16,234,361.82 
1.73% 
1,483 
1.76% 
80% 
90% 
£6,206,811.76 
0.66% 
575 
0.68% 
90% 
100% 
£2,524,786.02 
0.27% 
223 
0.27% 
Total 
£940,341,277.62 
100.00% 
84,033 
100.00%

--- Page 188 ---
- 175 - 
PCP Balloon Amount / Loan Amount
New Vehicles 
Min % (>=) 
Max % (<) 
Principal Outstanding 
Balance 
% by Balance 
 Number of 
Agreements 
% by Number 
0% 
10% 
£2,106,619.09 
0.29% 
292 
0.49% 
10% 
20% 
£1,147,192.68 
0.16% 
183 
0.31% 
20% 
30% 
£11,073,919.32 
1.52% 
1,243 
2.08% 
30% 
40% 
£193,885,249.26 
26.67% 
18,070 
30.23% 
40% 
50% 
£357,203,936.80 
49.14% 
27,808 
46.51% 
50% 
60% 
£107,206,161.27 
14.75% 
8,066 
13.49% 
60% 
70% 
£35,982,920.82 
4.95% 
2,685 
4.49% 
70% 
80% 
£12,042,226.99 
1.66% 
946 
1.58% 
80% 
90% 
£4,437,618.86 
0.61% 
351 
0.59% 
90% 
100% 
£1,786,198.74 
0.25% 
140 
0.23% 
Total 
£726,872,043.83 
100.00% 
59,784 
100.00% 
PCP Balloon Amount / Loan Amount
Used Vehicles 
Min % (>=) 
Max % (<) 
Principal Outstanding 
Balance 
% by Balance 
 Number of 
Agreements 
% by Number 
0% 
10% 
£1,390,042.10 
0.65% 
198 
0.82% 
10% 
20% 
£3,680,198.32 
1.72% 
728 
3.00% 
20% 
30% 
£3,816,631.92 
1.79% 
587 
2.42% 
30% 
40% 
£53,187,647.67 
24.92% 
6,252 
25.78% 
40% 
50% 
£98,192,771.46 
46.00% 
10,434 
43.03% 
50% 
60% 
£35,609,236.74 
16.68% 
3,893 
16.05% 
60% 
70% 
£10,892,790.57 
5.10% 
1,313 
5.41% 
70% 
80% 
£4,192,134.83 
1.96% 
537 
2.21% 
80% 
90% 
£1,769,192.90 
0.83% 
224 
0.92% 
90% 
100% 
£738,587.28 
0.35% 
83 
0.34% 
Total 
£213,469,233.79 
100.00% 
24,249 
100.00%

--- Page 189 ---
- 176 - 
Table 13: Borrower Type 
Total 
Principal Outstanding Balance 
% by Balance 
 Number of Agreements 
% by Number 
Limited plc 
£20,816,210.97 
2.00% 
2,210 
2.14% 
Partnership 
£1,453,195.43 
0.14% 
148 
0.14% 
Private Individual 
£1,011,020,301.74 
97.06% 
100,116 
96.86% 
Sole Trader 
£8,377,291.37 
0.80% 
888 
0.86% 
Total 
£1,041,666,999.51 
100.00% 
103,362 
100.00% 
Table 14: Contract Start Year 
Total 
Contract Start Year 
Principal Outstanding Balance 
% by Balance 
Number of Agreements 
% by Number 
2016 
£19,706.32 
0.0% 
33 
0.0% 
2017 
£14,407,095.72 
1.4% 
3,261 
3.2% 
2018 
£118,391,118.89 
11.4% 
16,535 
16.0% 
2019 
£340,130,997.47 
32.7% 
35,952 
34.8% 
2020 
£524,536,199.56 
50.4% 
44,063 
42.6% 
2021 
£44,181,881.55 
4.2% 
3,518 
3.4% 
TOTAL 
£1,041,666,999.51 
100.0% 
103,362 
100.0% 
Table 15: Engine Type 
Total 
Engine Type 
Principal Outstanding Balance 
% by Balance 
Number of Agreements 
% by Number 
Petrol 
£771,639,657.39 
74.1% 
76,305 
73.8% 
Diesel 
£210,451,725.80 
20.2% 
23,669 
22.9% 
Electric 
£53,534,636.76 
5.1% 
2,888 
2.8% 
Hybrid 
£2,596,072.34 
0.2% 
172 
0.2% 
Other 
£3,444,907.22 
0.3% 
328 
0.3% 
TOTAL 
£1,041,666,999.51 
100.0% 
103,362 
100.0%

--- Page 190 ---
- 177 - 
Table 16: Original Financing Amount 
Total 
Original Financing Amount 
Principal Outstanding 
Balance 
% by Balance 
Number of Agreements
% by Number 
Min 
Max 
£0 
£5,000 
£6,192,828.42 
0.6% 
3,044 
2.9% 
£5,000 
£10,000 
£129,645,789.62 
12.4% 
23,962 
23.2% 
£10,000 
£15,000 
£316,995,901.12 
30.4% 
36,064 
34.9% 
£15,000 
£20,000 
£299,134,872.37 
28.7% 
23,607 
22.8% 
£20,000 
£25,000 
£229,151,803.86 
22.0% 
13,774 
13.3% 
£25,000 
£30,000 
£50,777,729.87 
4.9% 
2,555 
2.5% 
£30,000 
£35,000 
£6,839,941.52 
0.7% 
277 
0.3% 
£35,000 
+ 
£2,928,132.73 
0.3% 
79 
0.1% 
Total 
£1,041,666,999.51 
100.0% 
103,362 
100.0% 
HP New Vehicles 
Original Financing Amount 
Principal Outstanding 
Balance 
% by Balance 
Number of Agreements
% by Number 
Min 
Max 
£0 
£5,000 
£559,435.54 
1.2% 
288 
4.1% 
£5,000 
£10,000 
£7,491,931.59 
16.6% 
2,195 
31.5% 
£10,000 
£15,000 
£13,717,578.03 
30.3% 
2,409 
34.6% 
£15,000 
£20,000 
£14,353,950.39 
31.7% 
1,438 
20.6% 
£20,000 
£25,000 
£7,295,759.03 
16.1% 
530 
7.6% 
£25,000 
£30,000 
£1,477,439.03 
3.3% 
89 
1.3% 
£30,000 
£35,000 
£278,171.24 
0.6% 
12 
0.2% 
£35,000 
+ 
£67,145.98 
0.1% 
3 
0.0% 
Total 
£45,241,410.83 
100.0% 
6,964 
100.0%

--- Page 191 ---
- 178 - 
HP Used Vehicles 
Original Financing Amount 
Principal Outstanding 
Balance 
% by Balance 
Number of Agreements
% by Number 
Min 
Max 
£0 
£5,000 
£5,015,947.60 
8.9% 
2,578 
20.8% 
£5,000 
£10,000 
£27,708,837.19 
49.4% 
6,688 
54.1% 
£10,000 
£15,000 
£18,120,165.51 
32.3% 
2,624 
21.2% 
£15,000 
£20,000 
£4,088,488.65 
7.3% 
403 
3.3% 
£20,000 
£25,000 
£841,824.78 
1.5% 
57 
0.5% 
£25,000 
£30,000 
£207,050.30 
0.4% 
10 
0.1% 
£30,000 
£35,000 
£0.00 
0.0% 
0 
0.0% 
£35,000 
+ 
£101,997.03 
0.2% 
5 
0.0% 
Total 
£56,084,311.06 
100.0% 
12,365 
100.0% 
PCP New Vehicles 
Original Financing Amount 
Principal Outstanding 
Balance 
% by Balance 
Number of Agreements
% by Number 
Min 
Max 
£0 
£5,000 
£59,924.75 
0.0% 
15 
0.0% 
£5,000 
£10,000 
£33,927,526.47 
4.7% 
5,496 
9.2% 
£10,000 
£15,000 
£184,171,287.43 
25.3% 
20,301 
34.0% 
£15,000 
£20,000 
£236,610,099.60 
32.6% 
18,398 
30.8% 
£20,000 
£25,000 
£214,926,675.90 
29.6% 
12,830 
21.5% 
£25,000 
£30,000 
£48,376,787.57 
6.7% 
2,423 
4.1% 
£30,000 
£35,000 
£6,340,124.66 
0.9% 
257 
0.4% 
£35,000 
+ 
£2,459,617.45 
0.3% 
64 
0.1% 
Total 
£726,872,043.83 
100.0% 
59,784 
100.0%

--- Page 192 ---
- 179 - 
PCP Used Vehicles 
Original Financing Amount 
Principal Outstanding 
Balance 
% by Balance 
Number of Agreements
% by Number 
Min 
Max 
£0 
£5,000 
£557,520.53 
0.3% 
163 
0.7% 
£5,000 
£10,000 
£60,517,494.37 
28.3% 
9,583 
39.5% 
£10,000 
£15,000 
£100,986,870.15 
47.3% 
10,730 
44.2% 
£15,000 
£20,000 
£44,082,333.73 
20.7% 
3,368 
13.9% 
£20,000 
£25,000 
£6,087,544.15 
2.9% 
357 
1.5% 
£25,000 
£30,000 
£716,452.97 
0.3% 
33 
0.1% 
£30,000 
£35,000 
£221,645.62 
0.1% 
8 
0.0% 
£35,000 
+ 
£299,372.27 
0.1% 
7 
0.0% 
Total 
£213,469,233.79 
100.0% 
24,249 
100.0%

--- Page 193 ---
- 180 - 
Run Out Schedule 
The amortisation scenario below is based on the assumption that no losses, prepayments or 
delinquencies occur. 
It should be noted that the actual amortisation of the Transferred Receivables may differ 
substantially from the amortisation scenario indicated below. 
Period 
Total Principal Outstanding Balance 
Total Principal Outstanding 
Balance in % 
0 
1,041,666,999.51 
100.00% 
1 
1,023,412,902.47 
98.25% 
2 
1,001,180,002.57 
96.11% 
3 
976,770,174.80 
93.77% 
4 
953,375,765.45 
91.52% 
5 
929,405,415.64 
89.22% 
6 
906,903,764.27 
87.06% 
7 
882,712,469.93 
84.74% 
8 
853,480,010.08 
81.93% 
9 
826,651,415.79 
79.36% 
10 
803,692,774.55 
77.15% 
11 
780,358,045.54 
74.91% 
12 
756,409,922.46 
72.62% 
13 
731,609,159.40 
70.23% 
14 
701,268,963.04 
67.32% 
15 
673,683,856.85 
64.67% 
16 
647,872,798.88 
62.20% 
17 
623,076,284.58 
59.82% 
18 
600,137,586.17 
57.61% 
19 
571,964,636.09 
54.91% 
20 
534,701,812.87 
51.33% 
21 
505,048,914.19 
48.48% 
22 
482,547,729.71 
46.32% 
23 
455,981,459.21 
43.77% 
24 
427,217,426.60 
41.01% 
25 
403,690,735.89 
38.75% 
26 
369,643,988.03 
35.49% 
27 
338,476,100.30 
32.49% 
28 
315,192,258.30 
30.26% 
29 
292,173,870.35 
28.05% 
30 
271,693,842.97 
26.08% 
31 
246,934,654.31 
23.71% 
32 
215,613,567.11 
20.70% 
33 
203,205,327.67 
19.51% 
34 
195,759,124.34 
18.79% 
35 
177,223,217.38 
17.01% 
36 
150,807,436.29 
14.48% 
37 
126,129,149.56 
12.11% 
38 
93,066,559.78 
8.93% 
39 
62,837,027.17 
6.03%

--- Page 194 ---
- 181 - 
40 
42,567,288.14 
4.09% 
41 
24,931,112.90 
2.39% 
42 
13,580,485.97 
1.30% 
43 
5,428,535.73 
0.52% 
44 
3,175,132.54 
0.30% 
45 
2,499,647.21 
0.24% 
46 
1,924,791.55 
0.18% 
47 
1,426,939.73 
0.14% 
48 
1,012,043.29 
0.10% 
49 
669,102.51 
0.06% 
50 
411,133.12 
0.04% 
51 
228,931.59 
0.02% 
52 
111,985.95 
0.01% 
53 
39,398.78 
0.00% 
54 
9,972.75 
0.00% 
55 
2,960.81 
0.00% 
56 
362.13 
0.00% 
57 
- 
0.00% 
58 
- 
0.00% 
59 
- 
0.00% 
60 
- 
0.00%

--- Page 195 ---
- 182 - 
Historical performance data 
The historical performance data set out hereafter relate to the portfolio of auto Receivables granted by 
the Seller to Obligors. 
In each of the tables below, "Q1" refers to the period from 1 January to 31 March, "Q2" refers to the 
period from 1 April to 30 June, "Q3" refers to the period from 1 July to 30 September and "Q4" refers to 
the period from 1 October to 31 December. 
The tables below were prepared on the basis of the internal records of the Seller.  
The recoveries below concern the amounts recovered following all the hostile terminations and a 
voluntary termination considered as defaulted by RCI FS. 
There can be no assurance that the future experience and performance of the Transferred 
Receivables will be similar to the historical performance set out in the tables below.

--- Page 196 ---
- 183 - 
Cumulative Hostile Termination (by %) – Total Portfolio 
Default Quarter (from the quarter of origination) 
Quarter of 
Origination 
Q0 
Q1 
Q2 
Q3 
Q4 
Q5 
Q6 
Q7 
Q8 
Q9 
Q10 
Q11 
Q12 
Q13 
Q14 
Q15 
Q16 
Q17 
Q18 
Q19 
Q20 
Q21 
Q22 
Q23 
Q24 
Q1 - 2014 
0.00% 
0.06% 
0.18% 
0.30% 
0.43% 
0.51% 
0.59% 
0.63% 
0.81% 
0.88% 
0.93% 
0.97% 
0.99% 
1.04% 
1.08% 
1.09% 
1.10% 
1.13% 
1.18% 
1.18% 
1.18% 
1.19% 
1.19% 
1.19% 1.19%
Q2 - 2014 
0.00% 
0.06% 
0.18% 
0.31% 
0.44% 
0.56% 
0.62% 
0.88% 
1.04% 
1.13% 
1.17% 
1.24% 
1.28% 
1.37% 
1.41% 
1.44% 
1.47% 
1.50% 
1.51% 
1.51% 
1.52% 
1.52% 
1.52% 
1.52% 1.52%
Q3 - 2014 
0.01% 
0.09% 
0.26% 
0.39% 
0.57% 
0.66% 
0.85% 
1.00% 
1.09% 
1.16% 
1.22% 
1.28% 
1.31% 
1.37% 
1.46% 
1.49% 
1.52% 
1.55% 
1.57% 
1.57% 
1.58% 
1.58% 
1.58% 
1.58% 1.58%
Q4 - 2014 
0.01% 
0.07% 
0.24% 
0.37% 
0.48% 
0.66% 
0.82% 
0.89% 
0.94% 
1.03% 
1.10% 
1.13% 
1.16% 
1.26% 
1.31% 
1.34% 
1.35% 
1.39% 
1.40% 
1.40% 
1.41% 
1.41% 
1.41% 
1.41% 1.41%
Q1 - 2015 
0.00% 
0.03% 
0.17% 
0.25% 
0.45% 
0.64% 
0.74% 
0.82% 
0.88% 
0.93% 
0.99% 
1.02% 
1.06% 
1.12% 
1.20% 
1.21% 
1.23% 
1.24% 
1.27% 
1.27% 
1.27% 
1.27% 
1.27% 
1.27% 1.27%
Q2 - 2015 
0.01% 
0.07% 
0.21% 
0.50% 
0.66% 
0.80% 
0.87% 
0.93% 
1.00% 
1.07% 
1.12% 
1.18% 
1.24% 
1.36% 
1.42% 
1.45% 
1.47% 
1.50% 
1.51% 
1.51% 
1.51% 
1.51% 
1.51% 
1.51% 1.52%
Q3 - 2015 
0.00% 
0.05% 
0.33% 
0.46% 
0.57% 
0.68% 
0.77% 
0.84% 
0.93% 
1.01% 
1.12% 
1.17% 
1.22% 
1.30% 
1.36% 
1.37% 
1.39% 
1.42% 
1.43% 
1.43% 
1.43% 
1.43% 
1.43% 
1.43% 
Q4 - 2015 
0.00% 
0.13% 
0.27% 
0.41% 
0.51% 
0.63% 
0.78% 
0.88% 
0.95% 
1.02% 
1.13% 
1.19% 
1.22% 
1.32% 
1.36% 
1.40% 
1.42% 
1.45% 
1.47% 
1.48% 
1.48% 
1.48% 
1.48% 
Q1 - 2016 
0.02% 
0.12% 
0.22% 
0.29% 
0.40% 
0.47% 
0.54% 
0.63% 
0.69% 
0.81% 
0.91% 
0.97% 
1.03% 
1.09% 
1.16% 
1.18% 
1.19% 
1.24% 
1.29% 
1.29% 
1.29% 
1.29% 
Q2 - 2016 
0.02% 
0.10% 
0.19% 
0.33% 
0.47% 
0.58% 
0.65% 
0.75% 
0.83% 
0.94% 
1.04% 
1.11% 
1.14% 
1.23% 
1.28% 
1.29% 
1.32% 
1.37% 
1.40% 
1.41% 
1.41% 
Q3 - 2016 
0.02% 
0.05% 
0.15% 
0.29% 
0.43% 
0.50% 
0.57% 
0.65% 
0.74% 
0.81% 
0.88% 
0.91% 
0.99% 
1.07% 
1.12% 
1.15% 
1.17% 
1.21% 
1.22% 
1.22% 
Q4 - 2016 
0.05% 
0.12% 
0.20% 
0.29% 
0.34% 
0.44% 
0.56% 
0.70% 
0.78% 
0.86% 
0.93% 
0.99% 
1.03% 
1.08% 
1.14% 
1.16% 
1.17% 
1.20% 
1.23% 
Q1 - 2017 
0.02% 
0.07% 
0.13% 
0.18% 
0.27% 
0.35% 
0.46% 
0.52% 
0.58% 
0.63% 
0.71% 
0.75% 
0.79% 
0.90% 
1.05% 
1.06% 
1.07% 
1.10% 
Q2 - 2017 
0.05% 
0.17% 
0.22% 
0.28% 
0.50% 
0.61% 
0.72% 
0.85% 
0.94% 
1.05% 
1.12% 
1.15% 
1.24% 
1.41% 
1.46% 
1.48% 
1.48% 
Q3 - 2017 
0.05% 
0.10% 
0.15% 
0.26% 
0.36% 
0.45% 
0.55% 
0.64% 
0.76% 
0.87% 
0.92% 
1.00% 
1.06% 
1.13% 
1.16% 
1.17% 
Q4 - 2017 
0.06% 
0.15% 
0.26% 
0.39% 
0.52% 
0.62% 
0.75% 
0.87% 
0.96% 
1.06% 
1.14% 
1.21% 
1.23% 
1.28% 
1.30% 
Q1 - 2018 
0.05% 
0.13% 
0.22% 
0.29% 
0.42% 
0.52% 
0.57% 
0.65% 
0.72% 
0.83% 
0.92% 
0.94% 
0.96% 
1.01% 
Q2 - 2018 
0.08% 
0.17% 
0.27% 
0.37% 
0.46% 
0.56% 
0.64% 
0.71% 
0.86% 
0.98% 
1.04% 
1.07% 
1.09% 
Q3 - 2018 
0.08% 
0.11% 
0.20% 
0.28% 
0.34% 
0.42% 
0.49% 
0.65% 
0.70% 
0.72% 
0.74% 
0.76% 
Q4 - 2018 
0.11% 
0.20% 
0.33% 
0.44% 
0.52% 
0.62% 
0.77% 
0.88% 
0.92% 
0.92% 
0.94% 
Q1 - 2019 
0.08% 
0.19% 
0.31% 
0.38% 
0.44% 
0.54% 
0.71% 
0.75% 
0.77% 
0.79% 
Q2 - 2019 
0.05% 
0.24% 
0.36% 
0.44% 
0.60% 
0.68% 
0.70% 
0.74% 
0.77% 
Q3 - 2019 
0.07% 
0.14% 
0.25% 
0.38% 
0.61% 
0.64% 
0.66% 
0.68% 
Q4 - 2019 
0.08% 
0.24% 
0.39% 
0.51% 
0.54% 
0.56% 
0.60% 
Q1 - 2020 
0.07% 
0.27% 
0.40% 
0.44% 
0.47% 
0.50% 
Q2 - 2020 
0.19% 
0.38% 
0.44% 
0.46% 
0.52% 
Q3 - 2020 
0.18% 
0.33% 
0.35% 
0.38% 
Q4 - 2020 
0.21% 
0.34% 
0.36% 
Q1 - 2021 
0.02% 
0.16% 
Q2 - 2021 
0.01%

--- Page 197 ---
- 184 - 
Cumulative Hostile Termination (by %) – PCP New Vehicles 
Default Quarter (from the quarter of origination) 
Quarter of 
Origination 
Q0 
Q1 
Q2 
Q3 
Q4 
Q5 
Q6 
Q7 
Q8 
Q9 
Q10 
Q11 
Q12 
Q13 
Q14 
Q15 
Q16 
Q17 
Q18 
Q19 
Q20 
Q21 
Q22 
Q23 
Q24 
Q1 - 2014 
0.00% 
0.04% 
0.12% 
0.19% 
0.28% 
0.36% 
0.43% 
0.46% 
0.64% 
0.73% 
0.78% 
0.80% 
0.82% 
0.88% 
0.94% 
0.95% 
0.96% 
0.99% 
1.06% 
1.06% 
1.06% 
1.06% 
1.06% 
1.06% 1.06%
Q2 - 2014 
0.00% 
0.03% 
0.10% 
0.19% 
0.34% 
0.47% 
0.52% 
0.75% 
0.90% 
0.99% 
1.03% 
1.10% 
1.14% 
1.26% 
1.32% 
1.34% 
1.36% 
1.39% 
1.42% 
1.42% 
1.42% 
1.42% 
1.42% 
1.42% 1.42%
Q3 - 2014 
0.00% 
0.06% 
0.18% 
0.30% 
0.43% 
0.51% 
0.65% 
0.78% 
0.86% 
0.95% 
0.99% 
1.07% 
1.11% 
1.17% 
1.27% 
1.28% 
1.30% 
1.33% 
1.35% 
1.35% 
1.35% 
1.35% 
1.35% 
1.35% 1.35%
Q4 - 2014 
0.00% 
0.04% 
0.18% 
0.27% 
0.38% 
0.52% 
0.67% 
0.74% 
0.78% 
0.88% 
0.94% 
0.97% 
1.00% 
1.12% 
1.17% 
1.19% 
1.20% 
1.25% 
1.27% 
1.27% 
1.27% 
1.27% 
1.27% 
1.27% 1.27%
Q1 - 2015 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.10% 
0.17% 
0.32% 
0.49% 
0.56% 
0.65% 
0.70% 
0.74% 
0.79% 
0.81% 
0.84% 
0.89% 
0.98% 
0.98% 
0.99% 
1.01% 
1.03% 
1.03% 
1.03% 
1.03% 
1.03% 
1.03% 1.03%
Q2 - 2015 
0.01% 
0.03% 
0.16% 
0.33% 
0.48% 
0.61% 
0.68% 
0.72% 
0.79% 
0.87% 
0.93% 
0.97% 
1.04% 
1.18% 
1.25% 
1.27% 
1.28% 
1.32% 
1.33% 
1.33% 
1.33% 
1.33% 
1.33% 
1.33% 1.33%
Q3 - 2015 
0.00% 
0.03% 
0.18% 
0.28% 
0.36% 
0.48% 
0.56% 
0.62% 
0.71% 
0.80% 
0.88% 
0.91% 
0.97% 
1.06% 
1.13% 
1.14% 
1.15% 
1.17% 
1.19% 
1.19% 
1.19% 
1.19% 
1.19% 
1.19% 
Q4 - 2015 
0.00% 
0.05% 
0.14% 
0.24% 
0.36% 
0.46% 
0.60% 
0.69% 
0.77% 
0.85% 
0.97% 
1.03% 
1.05% 
1.16% 
1.22% 
1.24% 
1.25% 
1.28% 
1.30% 
1.30% 
1.30% 
1.30% 
1.30% 
Q1 - 2016 
0.00% 
0.04% 
0.11% 
0.16% 
0.26% 
0.32% 
0.37% 
0.46% 
0.50% 
0.63% 
0.71% 
0.75% 
0.82% 
0.88% 
0.96% 
0.98% 
0.99% 
1.04% 
1.09% 
1.10% 
1.10% 
1.10% 
Q2 - 2016 
0.00% 
0.06% 
0.15% 
0.25% 
0.36% 
0.40% 
0.45% 
0.52% 
0.58% 
0.69% 
0.79% 
0.86% 
0.90% 
0.99% 
1.05% 
1.05% 
1.09% 
1.13% 
1.17% 
1.18% 
1.18% 
Q3 - 2016 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.07% 
0.19% 
0.34% 
0.39% 
0.46% 
0.54% 
0.59% 
0.65% 
0.71% 
0.74% 
0.82% 
0.91% 
0.97% 
0.99% 
1.01% 
1.05% 
1.06% 
1.06% 
Q4 - 2016 
0.01% 
0.08% 
0.15% 
0.22% 
0.27% 
0.31% 
0.40% 
0.52% 
0.62% 
0.70% 
0.77% 
0.83% 
0.87% 
0.93% 
0.98% 
1.00% 
1.01% 
1.05% 
1.08% 
Q1 - 2017 
0.00% 
0.03% 
0.08% 
0.13% 
0.18% 
0.25% 
0.34% 
0.39% 
0.44% 
0.49% 
0.59% 
0.63% 
0.67% 
0.78% 
0.99% 
1.00% 
1.01% 
1.04% 
Q2 - 2017 
0.02% 
0.09% 
0.12% 
0.16% 
0.23% 
0.31% 
0.38% 
0.49% 
0.58% 
0.70% 
0.75% 
0.78% 
0.88% 
1.09% 
1.13% 
1.14% 
1.14% 
Q3 - 2017 
0.03% 
0.07% 
0.11% 
0.19% 
0.25% 
0.32% 
0.42% 
0.50% 
0.60% 
0.68% 
0.74% 
0.79% 
0.83% 
0.90% 
0.94% 
0.94% 
Q4 - 2017 
0.01% 
0.03% 
0.09% 
0.19% 
0.31% 
0.38% 
0.50% 
0.64% 
0.73% 
0.81% 
0.90% 
0.96% 
0.98% 
1.03% 
1.06% 
Q1 - 2018 
0.02% 
0.10% 
0.18% 
0.22% 
0.30% 
0.37% 
0.42% 
0.47% 
0.53% 
0.65% 
0.74% 
0.76% 
0.77% 
0.83% 
Q2 - 2018 
0.04% 
0.12% 
0.17% 
0.24% 
0.29% 
0.35% 
0.40% 
0.44% 
0.55% 
0.69% 
0.77% 
0.79% 
0.80% 
Q3 - 2018 
0.06% 
0.07% 
0.14% 
0.19% 
0.24% 
0.30% 
0.37% 
0.50% 
0.56% 
0.58% 
0.60% 
0.61% 
Q4 - 2018 
0.07% 
0.11% 
0.17% 
0.24% 
0.29% 
0.35% 
0.45% 
0.51% 
0.56% 
0.56% 
0.58% 
Q1 - 2019 
0.03% 
0.16% 
0.30% 
0.34% 
0.37% 
0.44% 
0.50% 
0.52% 
0.54% 
0.56% 
Q2 - 2019 
0.04% 
0.22% 
0.34% 
0.38% 
0.51% 
0.57% 
0.57% 
0.59% 
0.62% 
Q3 - 2019 
0.06% 
0.15% 
0.23% 
0.33% 
0.43% 
0.45% 
0.46% 
0.47% 
Q4 - 2019 
0.05% 
0.26% 
0.40% 
0.53% 
0.55% 
0.55% 
0.59% 
Q1 - 2020 
0.06% 
0.30% 
0.42% 
0.44% 
0.47% 
0.49% 
Q2 - 2020 
0.20% 
0.43% 
0.53% 
0.53% 
0.56% 
Q3 - 2020 
0.13% 
0.31% 
0.34% 
0.36% 
Q4 - 2020 
0.17% 
0.32% 
0.32% 
Q1 - 2021 
0.01% 
0.17% 
Q2 - 2021 
0.01%

--- Page 198 ---
- 185 - 
Cumulative Hostile Termination (by %) – PCP Used Vehicles 
Default Quarter (from the quarter of origination) 
Quarter of 
Origination 
Q0 
Q1 
Q2 
Q3 
Q4 
Q5 
Q6 
Q7 
Q8 
Q9 
Q10 
Q11 
Q12 
Q13 
Q14 
Q15 
Q16 
Q17 
Q18 
Q19 
Q20 
Q21 
Q22 
Q23 
Q24 
Q1 - 2014 
0.00% 
0.05% 
0.16% 
0.50% 
0.75% 
0.80% 
0.95% 
1.01% 
1.22% 
1.22% 
1.33% 
1.40% 
1.40% 
1.44% 
1.46% 
1.47% 
1.51% 
1.60% 
1.62% 
1.62% 
1.62% 
1.62% 
1.62% 
1.62% 1.62%
Q2 - 2014 
0.00% 
0.05% 
0.20% 
0.37% 
0.49% 
0.56% 
0.66% 
0.98% 
1.19% 
1.28% 
1.38% 
1.41% 
1.46% 
1.51% 
1.55% 
1.63% 
1.69% 
1.73% 
1.74% 
1.74% 
1.74% 
1.74% 
1.74% 
1.74% 1.74%
Q3 - 2014 
0.00% 
0.04% 
0.23% 
0.34% 
0.67% 
0.74% 
0.97% 
1.14% 
1.22% 
1.28% 
1.41% 
1.47% 
1.50% 
1.69% 
1.76% 
1.84% 
1.87% 
1.99% 
2.00% 
2.00% 
2.00% 
2.00% 
2.00% 
2.00% 2.00%
Q4 - 2014 
0.00% 
0.13% 
0.48% 
0.60% 
0.60% 
1.18% 
1.43% 
1.48% 
1.52% 
1.65% 
1.77% 
1.87% 
1.87% 
1.94% 
1.98% 
2.08% 
2.08% 
2.16% 
2.16% 
2.17% 
2.17% 
2.17% 
2.17% 
2.17% 2.17%
Q1 - 2015 
0.00% 
0.07% 
0.14% 
0.19% 
0.51% 
0.81% 
1.00% 
1.06% 
1.22% 
1.28% 
1.42% 
1.59% 
1.63% 
1.79% 
1.89% 
1.93% 
2.00% 
2.09% 
2.13% 
2.14% 
2.14% 
2.14% 
2.14% 
2.14% 2.14%
Q2 - 2015 
0.00% 
0.03% 
0.16% 
0.29% 
0.44% 
0.56% 
0.64% 
0.71% 
0.75% 
0.83% 
0.87% 
0.94% 
0.99% 
1.07% 
1.13% 
1.20% 
1.24% 
1.30% 
1.32% 
1.32% 
1.32% 
1.32% 
1.32% 
1.32% 1.32%
Q3 - 2015 
0.00% 
0.04% 
0.18% 
0.40% 
0.58% 
0.66% 
0.75% 
0.81% 
0.85% 
0.85% 
0.95% 
0.98% 
1.01% 
1.06% 
1.08% 
1.11% 
1.14% 
1.21% 
1.22% 
1.22% 
1.22% 
1.22% 
1.22% 
1.22% 
Q4 - 2015 
0.00% 
0.26% 
0.44% 
0.57% 
0.61% 
0.70% 
0.79% 
0.85% 
0.93% 
0.97% 
1.07% 
1.11% 
1.13% 
1.24% 
1.28% 
1.35% 
1.40% 
1.46% 
1.48% 
1.49% 
1.49% 
1.49% 
1.49% 
Q1 - 2016 
0.00% 
0.02% 
0.17% 
0.27% 
0.51% 
0.68% 
0.83% 
0.87% 
0.95% 
1.11% 
1.28% 
1.33% 
1.43% 
1.51% 
1.59% 
1.59% 
1.59% 
1.72% 
1.82% 
1.83% 
1.83% 
1.83% 
Q2 - 2016 
0.00% 
0.10% 
0.31% 
0.38% 
0.61% 
0.74% 
0.93% 
1.25% 
1.30% 
1.44% 
1.61% 
1.68% 
1.71% 
1.78% 
1.83% 
1.85% 
1.90% 
2.01% 
2.06% 
2.06% 
2.06% 
Q3 - 2016 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.10% 
0.29% 
0.40% 
0.57% 
0.71% 
0.83% 
1.08% 
1.23% 
1.29% 
1.39% 
1.53% 
1.57% 
1.62% 
1.71% 
1.73% 
1.78% 
1.86% 
1.86% 
Q4 - 2016 
0.00% 
0.02% 
0.22% 
0.32% 
0.35% 
0.51% 
0.55% 
0.68% 
0.73% 
0.87% 
0.91% 
0.97% 
1.09% 
1.14% 
1.29% 
1.34% 
1.37% 
1.42% 
1.45% 
Q1 - 2017 
0.00% 
0.07% 
0.18% 
0.22% 
0.45% 
0.61% 
0.75% 
0.84% 
0.89% 
0.99% 
1.06% 
1.08% 
1.15% 
1.31% 
1.41% 
1.44% 
1.44% 
1.52% 
Q2 - 2017 
0.00% 
0.13% 
0.23% 
0.43% 
0.60% 
0.71% 
0.78% 
0.94% 
1.07% 
1.15% 
1.26% 
1.31% 
1.44% 
1.64% 
1.71% 
1.76% 
1.78% 
Q3 - 2017 
0.00% 
0.05% 
0.11% 
0.27% 
0.31% 
0.48% 
0.64% 
0.75% 
0.84% 
1.06% 
1.07% 
1.27% 
1.37% 
1.50% 
1.51% 
1.52% 
Q4 - 2017 
0.03% 
0.09% 
0.28% 
0.43% 
0.54% 
0.63% 
0.78% 
0.83% 
0.97% 
1.14% 
1.17% 
1.30% 
1.32% 
1.38% 
1.42% 
Q1 - 2018 
0.01% 
0.12% 
0.22% 
0.35% 
0.54% 
0.68% 
0.73% 
0.82% 
0.95% 
1.05% 
1.12% 
1.15% 
1.18% 
1.24% 
Q2 - 2018 
0.00% 
0.12% 
0.23% 
0.36% 
0.48% 
0.58% 
0.70% 
0.82% 
0.98% 
1.07% 
1.10% 
1.14% 
1.16% 
Q3 - 2018 
0.02% 
0.03% 
0.10% 
0.22% 
0.32% 
0.36% 
0.42% 
0.60% 
0.62% 
0.64% 
0.66% 
0.73% 
Q4 - 2018 
0.03% 
0.18% 
0.28% 
0.40% 
0.49% 
0.55% 
0.70% 
0.81% 
0.82% 
0.83% 
0.86% 
Q1 - 2019 
0.07% 
0.13% 
0.20% 
0.30% 
0.41% 
0.57% 
0.65% 
0.71% 
0.74% 
0.75% 
Q2 - 2019 
0.02% 
0.15% 
0.18% 
0.36% 
0.54% 
0.59% 
0.63% 
0.67% 
0.72% 
Q3 - 2019 
0.03% 
0.09% 
0.17% 
0.29% 
0.35% 
0.37% 
0.40% 
0.44% 
Q4 - 2019 
0.00% 
0.09% 
0.18% 
0.23% 
0.26% 
0.30% 
0.34% 
Q1 - 2020 
0.02% 
0.10% 
0.21% 
0.28% 
0.29% 
0.29% 
Q2 - 2020 
0.02% 
0.16% 
0.16% 
0.18% 
0.27% 
Q3 - 2020 
0.04% 
0.14% 
0.14% 
0.15% 
Q4 - 2020 
0.04% 
0.15% 
0.19% 
Q1 - 2021 
0.00% 
0.13% 
Q2 - 2021 
0.00%

--- Page 199 ---
- 186 - 
Cumulative Hostile Termination (by %) – HP New Vehicles 
Default Quarter (from the quarter of origination) 
Quarter of 
Origination 
Q0 
Q1 
Q2 
Q3 
Q4 
Q5 
Q6 
Q7 
Q8 
Q9 
Q10 
Q11 
Q12 
Q13 
Q14 
Q15 
Q16 
Q17 
Q18 
Q19 
Q20 
Q21 
Q22 
Q23 
Q24 
Q1 - 2014 
0.00% 
0.06% 
0.15% 
0.24% 
0.34% 
0.34% 
0.37% 
0.37% 
0.43% 
0.45% 
0.46% 
0.47% 
0.51% 
0.51% 
0.52% 
0.52% 
0.52% 
0.53% 
0.53% 
0.53% 
0.53% 
0.53% 
0.53% 
0.53% 0.53%
Q2 - 2014 
0.00% 
0.11% 
0.11% 
0.24% 
0.27% 
0.31% 
0.31% 
0.39% 
0.48% 
0.56% 
0.56% 
0.58% 
0.60% 
0.62% 
0.62% 
0.66% 
0.69% 
0.70% 
0.70% 
0.70% 
0.70% 
0.70% 
0.70% 
0.70% 0.70%
Q3 - 2014 
0.00% 
0.10% 
0.33% 
0.38% 
0.47% 
0.56% 
0.71% 
0.77% 
0.82% 
0.84% 
0.87% 
0.88% 
0.88% 
0.87% 
1.00% 
1.01% 
1.06% 
1.07% 
1.08% 
1.09% 
1.09% 
1.10% 
1.10% 
1.10% 1.10%
Q4 - 2014 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.09% 
0.16% 
0.34% 
0.50% 
0.53% 
0.58% 
0.58% 
0.70% 
0.72% 
0.75% 
0.80% 
0.84% 
0.85% 
0.86% 
0.86% 
0.86% 
0.86% 
0.87% 
0.87% 
0.87% 
0.87% 
0.87% 0.87%
Q1 - 2015 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.11% 
0.15% 
0.38% 
0.47% 
0.56% 
0.58% 
0.65% 
0.70% 
0.71% 
0.74% 
0.82% 
0.83% 
0.86% 
0.87% 
0.88% 
0.88% 
0.88% 
0.89% 
0.89% 
0.89% 
0.89% 
0.89% 0.89%
Q2 - 2015 
0.00% 
0.05% 
0.05% 
1.07% 
1.10% 
1.19% 
1.23% 
1.27% 
1.29% 
1.33% 
1.35% 
1.41% 
1.42% 
1.45% 
1.48% 
1.51% 
1.51% 
1.51% 
1.52% 
1.52% 
1.53% 
1.53% 
1.53% 
1.53% 1.53%
Q3 - 2015 
0.00% 
0.05% 
1.52% 
1.73% 
1.83% 
1.98% 
1.98% 
2.09% 
2.18% 
2.40% 
2.65% 
2.73% 
2.75% 
2.77% 
2.81% 
2.81% 
2.81% 
2.84% 
2.85% 
2.85% 
2.85% 
2.86% 
2.86% 
2.86% 
Q4 - 2015 
0.00% 
0.03% 
0.13% 
0.19% 
0.24% 
0.43% 
0.67% 
0.79% 
0.83% 
0.83% 
0.97% 
1.08% 
1.12% 
1.13% 
1.13% 
1.19% 
1.20% 
1.20% 
1.25% 
1.25% 
1.25% 
1.25% 
1.25% 
Q1 - 2016 
0.00% 
0.02% 
0.10% 
0.11% 
0.22% 
0.22% 
0.30% 
0.35% 
0.48% 
0.55% 
0.63% 
0.67% 
0.67% 
0.71% 
0.73% 
0.74% 
0.75% 
0.76% 
0.77% 
0.77% 
0.77% 
0.77% 
Q2 - 2016 
0.00% 
0.05% 
0.05% 
0.30% 
0.45% 
0.68% 
0.74% 
0.78% 
1.03% 
1.09% 
1.09% 
1.18% 
1.19% 
1.24% 
1.26% 
1.28% 
1.30% 
1.32% 
1.33% 
1.33% 
1.33% 
Q3 - 2016 
0.00% 
0.10% 
0.21% 
0.47% 
0.55% 
0.55% 
0.60% 
0.63% 
0.85% 
0.89% 
0.96% 
1.00% 
1.04% 
1.05% 
1.07% 
1.13% 
1.15% 
1.16% 
1.16% 
1.16% 
Q4 - 2016 
0.08% 
0.14% 
0.17% 
0.23% 
0.31% 
0.69% 
0.85% 
1.09% 
1.12% 
1.16% 
1.19% 
1.21% 
1.26% 
1.32% 
1.34% 
1.36% 
1.36% 
1.40% 
1.40% 
Q1 - 2017 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.05% 
0.07% 
0.20% 
0.31% 
0.47% 
0.48% 
0.55% 
0.56% 
0.61% 
0.63% 
0.65% 
0.69% 
0.69% 
0.72% 
0.72% 
0.72% 
Q2 - 2017 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.06% 
0.07% 
1.27% 
1.51% 
1.85% 
1.94% 
1.97% 
2.04% 
2.08% 
2.10% 
2.13% 
2.24% 
2.26% 
2.27% 
2.27% 
Q3 - 2017 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.01% 
0.17% 
0.47% 
0.56% 
0.57% 
0.67% 
0.76% 
0.87% 
0.92% 
1.03% 
1.14% 
1.17% 
1.21% 
1.21% 
Q4 - 2017 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.17% 
0.25% 
0.25% 
0.33% 
0.44% 
0.54% 
0.62% 
0.81% 
0.86% 
0.90% 
0.92% 
0.92% 
0.92% 
Q1 - 2018 
0.00% 
0.09% 
0.09% 
0.23% 
0.43% 
0.63% 
0.63% 
0.83% 
0.83% 
0.83% 
0.92% 
0.95% 
0.95% 
0.95% 
Q2 - 2018 
0.00% 
0.04% 
0.05% 
0.05% 
0.05% 
0.31% 
0.39% 
0.43% 
0.63% 
0.85% 
0.91% 
0.91% 
0.91% 
Q3 - 2018 
0.00% 
0.05% 
0.11% 
0.22% 
0.31% 
0.43% 
0.43% 
0.54% 
0.68% 
0.68% 
0.69% 
0.69% 
Q4 - 2018 
0.10% 
0.35% 
0.91% 
0.91% 
0.91% 
1.07% 
1.31% 
1.66% 
1.70% 
1.70% 
1.70% 
Q1 - 2019 
0.00% 
0.06% 
0.10% 
0.28% 
0.28% 
0.33% 
2.01% 
2.21% 
2.22% 
2.22% 
Q2 - 2019 
0.00% 
0.56% 
0.63% 
0.63% 
0.93% 
1.37% 
1.37% 
1.49% 
1.64% 
Q3 - 2019 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.29% 
0.58% 
3.41% 
3.53% 
3.53% 
3.55% 
Q4 - 2019 
0.00% 
0.12% 
0.13% 
0.21% 
0.21% 
0.31% 
0.31% 
Q1 - 2020 
0.00% 
0.47% 
0.59% 
0.75% 
0.75% 
0.78% 
Q2 - 2020 
0.00% 
0.22% 
0.22% 
0.22% 
0.22% 
Q3 - 2020 
0.08% 
0.20% 
0.20% 
0.25% 
Q4 - 2020 
0.00% 
0.19% 
0.19% 
Q1 - 2021 
0.00% 
0.15% 
Q2 - 2021 
0.00%

--- Page 200 ---
- 187 - 
Cumulative Hostile Termination (by %) – HP Used Vehicles 
Default Quarter (from the quarter of origination) 
Quarter of 
Origination 
Q0 
Q1 
Q2 
Q3 
Q4 
Q5 
Q6 
Q7 
Q8 
Q9 
Q10 
Q11 
Q12 
Q13 
Q14 
Q15 
Q16 
Q17 
Q18 
Q19 
Q20 
Q21 
Q22 
Q23 
Q24 
Q1 - 2014 
0.00% 
0.18% 
0.52% 
0.77% 
0.99% 
1.17% 
1.34% 
1.46% 
1.70% 
1.79% 
1.88% 
1.98% 
2.02% 
2.02% 
2.04% 
2.05% 
2.06% 
2.08% 
2.09% 
2.10% 
2.10% 
2.11% 
2.11% 
2.11% 2.11%
Q2 - 2014 
0.00% 
0.18% 
0.64% 
0.95% 
1.10% 
1.34% 
1.42% 
2.02% 
2.28% 
2.36% 
2.43% 
2.50% 
2.65% 
2.65% 
2.68% 
2.71% 
2.72% 
2.74% 
2.74% 
2.75% 
2.76% 
2.77% 
2.77% 
2.77% 2.77%
Q3 - 2014 
0.06% 
0.33% 
0.66% 
0.91% 
1.33% 
1.45% 
1.91% 
2.24% 
2.46% 
2.50% 
2.55% 
2.58% 
2.59% 
2.64% 
2.66% 
2.69% 
2.73% 
2.76% 
2.77% 
2.78% 
2.79% 
2.80% 
2.80% 
2.80% 2.80%
Q4 - 2014 
0.15% 
0.32% 
0.72% 
1.19% 
1.34% 
1.58% 
1.81% 
2.03% 
2.10% 
2.15% 
2.26% 
2.29% 
2.31% 
2.42% 
2.47% 
2.54% 
2.56% 
2.58% 
2.59% 
2.59% 
2.60% 
2.61% 
2.61% 
2.61% 2.61%
Q1 - 2015 
0.19% 
0.23% 
0.81% 
1.08% 
1.56% 
2.01% 
2.22% 
2.35% 
2.45% 
2.51% 
2.60% 
2.61% 
2.72% 
2.78% 
2.85% 
2.89% 
2.94% 
2.95% 
2.96% 
2.96% 
2.97% 
2.97% 
2.97% 
2.97% 2.97%
Q2 - 2015 
0.30% 
0.51% 
0.84% 
1.54% 
1.94% 
2.21% 
2.34% 
2.55% 
2.61% 
2.69% 
2.79% 
2.92% 
2.99% 
3.07% 
3.12% 
3.14% 
3.17% 
3.20% 
3.20% 
3.20% 
3.21% 
3.21% 
3.21% 
3.21% 3.21%
Q3 - 2015 
0.36% 
0.13% 
0.78% 
0.94% 
1.22% 
1.26% 
1.41% 
1.66% 
1.77% 
1.84% 
2.00% 
2.16% 
2.29% 
2.32% 
2.39% 
2.42% 
2.45% 
2.49% 
2.49% 
2.50% 
2.51% 
2.51% 
2.51% 
2.51% 
Q4 - 2015 
0.36% 
0.53% 
0.97% 
1.38% 
1.58% 
1.79% 
1.97% 
2.20% 
2.25% 
2.37% 
2.44% 
2.51% 
2.60% 
2.65% 
2.65% 
2.74% 
2.75% 
2.75% 
2.76% 
2.78% 
2.78% 
2.78% 
2.78% 
Q1 - 2016 
0.60% 
0.87% 
1.21% 
1.42% 
1.59% 
1.67% 
1.86% 
1.89% 
2.02% 
2.19% 
2.40% 
2.55% 
2.63% 
2.65% 
2.72% 
2.74% 
2.75% 
2.74% 
2.74% 
2.75% 
2.75% 
2.75% 
Q2 - 2016 
0.21% 
0.34% 
0.54% 
0.80% 
1.05% 
1.40% 
1.55% 
1.73% 
1.80% 
1.96% 
2.04% 
2.11% 
2.16% 
2.22% 
2.28% 
2.32% 
2.35% 
2.37% 
2.38% 
2.38% 
2.38% 
Q3 - 2016 
0.25% 
0.35% 
0.73% 
0.86% 
1.04% 
1.18% 
1.30% 
1.43% 
1.50% 
1.64% 
1.75% 
1.80% 
1.86% 
1.93% 
1.97% 
2.01% 
2.03% 
2.03% 
2.03% 
2.04% 
Q4 - 2016 
0.25% 
0.36% 
0.47% 
0.59% 
0.67% 
0.81% 
1.06% 
1.23% 
1.26% 
1.38% 
1.43% 
1.52% 
1.53% 
1.56% 
1.59% 
1.59% 
1.60% 
1.62% 
1.62% 
Q1 - 2017 
0.14% 
0.32% 
0.42% 
0.53% 
0.61% 
0.68% 
0.88% 
0.96% 
1.05% 
1.13% 
1.15% 
1.21% 
1.25% 
1.32% 
1.34% 
1.34% 
1.34% 
1.35% 
Q2 - 2017 
0.28% 
0.73% 
0.83% 
0.93% 
1.19% 
1.30% 
1.46% 
1.68% 
1.84% 
1.98% 
2.08% 
2.13% 
2.16% 
2.19% 
2.23% 
2.25% 
2.29% 
Q3 - 2017 
0.25% 
0.34% 
0.48% 
0.70% 
0.82% 
0.96% 
1.10% 
1.25% 
1.50% 
1.61% 
1.70% 
1.82% 
1.89% 
1.91% 
1.91% 
1.92% 
Q4 - 2017 
0.35% 
0.84% 
1.10% 
1.33% 
1.60% 
1.87% 
2.01% 
2.13% 
2.20% 
2.22% 
2.37% 
2.41% 
2.42% 
2.46% 
2.47% 
Q1 - 2018 
0.49% 
0.52% 
0.69% 
0.81% 
1.18% 
1.36% 
1.52% 
1.70% 
1.82% 
1.97% 
2.04% 
2.06% 
2.06% 
2.10% 
Q2 - 2018 
0.56% 
0.74% 
1.09% 
1.45% 
1.74% 
1.99% 
2.10% 
2.29% 
2.66% 
2.70% 
2.74% 
2.78% 
2.82% 
Q3 - 2018 
0.52% 
0.71% 
1.00% 
1.24% 
1.36% 
1.51% 
1.73% 
2.03% 
2.13% 
2.15% 
2.15% 
2.17% 
Q4 - 2018 
0.60% 
0.69% 
0.99% 
1.44% 
1.80% 
2.18% 
2.58% 
2.78% 
2.82% 
2.84% 
2.84% 
Q1 - 2019 
0.75% 
0.85% 
1.00% 
1.19% 
1.28% 
1.61% 
1.85% 
1.88% 
1.94% 
1.97% 
Q2 - 2019 
0.25% 
0.44% 
0.79% 
0.98% 
1.22% 
1.30% 
1.40% 
1.43% 
1.44% 
Q3 - 2019 
0.26% 
0.28% 
0.61% 
0.89% 
1.04% 
1.10% 
1.18% 
1.20% 
Q4 - 2019 
0.39% 
0.47% 
0.83% 
1.03% 
1.09% 
1.10% 
1.20% 
Q1 - 2020 
0.30% 
0.39% 
0.63% 
0.71% 
0.81% 
0.87% 
Q2 - 2020 
0.40% 
0.53% 
0.60% 
0.69% 
0.79% 
Q3 - 2020 
0.78% 
0.86% 
0.88% 
0.97% 
Q4 - 2020 
0.80% 
0.83% 
0.95% 
Q1 - 2021 
0.08% 
0.19% 
Q2 - 2021 
0.03%

--- Page 201 ---
- 188 - 
Cumulative Voluntary Termination (by %) – Total Portfolio 
VT Quarter (from the quarter of origination)
Quarter of 
Origination 
Q0 
Q1 
Q2 
Q3 
Q4 
Q5 
Q6 
Q7 
Q8 
Q9 
Q10 
Q11 
Q12 
Q13 
Q14 
Q15 
Q16 
Q17 
Q18 
Q19 
Q20 
Q21 
Q22 
Q23 
Q24 
Q1 - 2014 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.02% 
0.03% 
0.04% 
0.07% 
0.12% 
0.24% 
0.47% 
0.97% 
1.64% 
2.05% 
2.27% 
2.38% 
2.48% 
2.48% 
2.48% 
2.48% 
2.48% 
2.48% 
2.48% 
2.48% 
2.48% 
2.48%
Q2 - 2014 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.02% 
0.04% 
0.06% 
0.13% 
0.20% 
0.37% 
0.72% 
1.21% 
2.21% 
2.76% 
3.04% 
3.18% 
3.36% 
3.39% 
3.39% 
3.39% 
3.39% 
3.39% 
3.39% 
3.39% 
3.39% 
3.39%
Q3 - 2014 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.04% 
0.07% 
0.11% 
0.19% 
0.46% 
0.80% 
1.42% 
2.49% 
3.22% 
3.51% 
3.75% 
3.97% 
3.98% 
3.98% 
3.98% 
3.98% 
3.98% 
3.98% 
3.98% 
3.98% 
3.98%
Q4 - 2014 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.03% 
0.04% 
0.07% 
0.13% 
0.27% 
0.49% 
0.90% 
1.41% 
2.43% 
3.00% 
3.36% 
3.57% 
3.80% 
3.81% 
3.81% 
3.81% 
3.81% 
3.81% 
3.81% 
3.81% 
3.81% 
3.81%
Q1 - 2015 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.02% 
0.02% 
0.04% 
0.05% 
0.09% 
0.17% 
0.40% 
0.72% 
1.22% 
2.00% 
2.49% 
2.67% 
2.77% 
2.88% 
2.91% 
2.91% 
2.91% 
2.91% 
2.91% 
2.91% 
2.91% 
2.91% 
2.91%
Q2 - 2015 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.01% 
0.02% 
0.03% 
0.06% 
0.12% 
0.24% 
0.42% 
0.77% 
1.38% 
2.89% 
3.40% 
3.64% 
3.76% 
3.94% 
3.97% 
3.97% 
3.97% 
3.97% 
3.97% 
3.97% 
3.97% 
3.97% 
3.97%
Q3 - 2015 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.01% 
0.02% 
0.03% 
0.06% 
0.10% 
0.20% 
0.38% 
0.65% 
1.27% 
2.29% 
2.71% 
2.85% 
2.98% 
3.13% 
3.16% 
3.16% 
3.16% 
3.16% 
3.16% 
3.16% 
3.16% 
3.16% 
Q4 - 2015 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.04% 
0.07% 
0.17% 
0.28% 
0.48% 
0.84% 
1.47% 
2.57% 
3.07% 
3.42% 
3.68% 
4.01% 
4.06% 
4.06% 
4.06% 
4.06% 
4.06% 
4.06% 
4.06% 
Q1 - 2016 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.02% 
0.04% 
0.07% 
0.10% 
0.18% 
0.34% 
0.62% 
1.15% 
2.16% 
2.82% 
3.17% 
3.45% 
3.65% 
3.70% 
3.70% 
3.70% 
3.70% 
3.70% 
3.70% 
Q2 - 2016 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.01% 
0.02% 
0.03% 
0.06% 
0.09% 
0.18% 
0.34% 
0.56% 
1.02% 
2.27% 
2.94% 
3.39% 
3.62% 
3.87% 
3.91% 
3.91% 
3.91% 
3.91% 
3.91% 
Q3 - 2016 
0.01% 
0.01% 
0.02% 
0.02% 
0.03% 
0.06% 
0.12% 
0.19% 
0.36% 
0.58% 
1.04% 
2.06% 
2.58% 
2.83% 
2.94% 
3.08% 
3.10% 
3.10% 
3.10% 
3.10% 
Q4 - 2016 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.03% 
0.05% 
0.10% 
0.17% 
0.34% 
0.61% 
1.21% 
2.56% 
3.12% 
3.33% 
3.48% 
3.61% 
3.64% 
3.64% 
3.64% 
Q1 - 2017 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.02% 
0.03% 
0.05% 
0.12% 
0.26% 
0.55% 
1.05% 
2.01% 
2.57% 
2.76% 
2.86% 
2.99% 
3.01% 
3.01% 
Q2 - 2017 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.02% 
0.03% 
0.04% 
0.09% 
0.15% 
0.30% 
0.63% 
1.03% 
1.74% 
2.13% 
2.34% 
2.47% 
2.62% 
2.63% 
Q3 - 2017 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.02% 
0.03% 
0.06% 
0.08% 
0.17% 
0.33% 
0.54% 
0.98% 
1.69% 
2.07% 
2.19% 
2.31% 
2.34% 
Q4 - 2017 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.02% 
0.04% 
0.04% 
0.09% 
0.19% 
0.36% 
0.55% 
0.87% 
1.41% 
1.67% 
1.88% 
1.92% 
Q1 - 2018 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.01% 
0.01% 
0.01% 
0.04% 
0.07% 
0.12% 
0.26% 
0.45% 
0.76% 
1.40% 
1.96% 
2.01% 
Q2 - 2018 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.02% 
0.04% 
0.06% 
0.09% 
0.16% 
0.30% 
0.51% 
0.85% 
1.61% 
1.77% 
Q3 - 2018 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.03% 
0.05% 
0.07% 
0.10% 
0.19% 
0.35% 
0.55% 
1.02% 
1.21% 
Q4 - 2018 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.04% 
0.06% 
0.08% 
0.16% 
0.26% 
0.51% 
0.66% 
Q1 - 2019 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.01% 
0.04% 
0.06% 
0.09% 
0.15% 
0.27% 
0.31% 
Q2 - 2019 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.03% 
0.04% 
0.06% 
0.11% 
0.19% 
0.24% 
Q3 - 2019 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.02% 
0.04% 
0.06% 
0.11% 
0.13% 
Q4 - 2019 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.02% 
0.02% 
0.03% 
0.04% 
Q1 - 2020 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.01% 
0.01% 
0.03% 
0.04% 
Q2 - 2020 
0.01% 
0.02% 
0.03% 
0.03% 
0.03% 
Q3 - 2020 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
Q4 - 2020 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.01% 
Q1 - 2021 
0.00% 
0.00% 
Q2 - 2021 
0.00%

--- Page 202 ---
- 189 - 
Cumulative Voluntary Termination (by %) – PCP New Vehicles 
VT Quarter (from the quarter of origination)
Quarter of 
Origination 
Q0 
Q1 
Q2 
Q3 
Q4 
Q5 
Q6 
Q7 
Q8 
Q9 
Q10 
Q11 
Q12 
Q13 
Q14 
Q15 
Q16 
Q17 
Q18 
Q19 
Q20 
Q21 
Q22 
Q23 
Q24 
Q1 - 2014 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.02% 
0.02% 
0.04% 
0.09% 
0.25% 
0.54% 
1.12% 
2.05% 
2.55% 
2.83% 
2.97% 
3.10% 
3.10% 
3.10% 
3.10% 
3.10% 
3.10% 
3.10% 
3.10% 
3.10% 
3.10%
Q2 - 2014 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.03% 
0.04% 
0.08% 
0.17% 
0.26% 
0.48% 
0.93% 
1.59% 
3.05% 
3.82% 
4.22% 
4.41% 
4.67% 
4.70% 
4.70% 
4.70% 
4.70% 
4.70% 
4.70% 
4.70% 
4.70% 
4.70%
Q3 - 2014 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.04% 
0.07% 
0.12% 
0.21% 
0.55% 
1.00% 
1.74% 
3.22% 
4.19% 
4.60% 
4.92% 
5.24% 
5.26% 
5.26% 
5.26% 
5.26% 
5.26% 
5.26% 
5.26% 
5.26% 
5.26%
Q4 - 2014 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.04% 
0.05% 
0.09% 
0.17% 
0.34% 
0.60% 
1.09% 
1.71% 
3.02% 
3.70% 
4.16% 
4.42% 
4.72% 
4.74% 
4.74% 
4.74% 
4.74% 
4.74% 
4.74% 
4.74% 
4.74% 
4.74%
Q1 - 2015 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.02% 
0.02% 
0.02% 
0.04% 
0.09% 
0.16% 
0.43% 
0.81% 
1.40% 
2.37% 
2.97% 
3.16% 
3.29% 
3.42% 
3.45% 
3.45% 
3.45% 
3.45% 
3.45% 
3.45% 
3.45% 
3.45% 
3.45%
Q2 - 2015 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.01% 
0.02% 
0.05% 
0.12% 
0.29% 
0.50% 
0.96% 
1.76% 
3.85% 
4.48% 
4.78% 
4.93% 
5.16% 
5.20% 
5.20% 
5.20% 
5.20% 
5.20% 
5.20% 
5.20% 
5.20% 
5.20%
Q3 - 2015 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.01% 
0.02% 
0.04% 
0.08% 
0.12% 
0.24% 
0.46% 
0.80% 
1.60% 
2.96% 
3.49% 
3.67% 
3.84% 
4.04% 
4.08% 
4.08% 
4.08% 
4.08% 
4.08% 
4.08% 
4.08% 
4.08% 
Q4 - 2015 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.04% 
0.08% 
0.20% 
0.36% 
0.64% 
1.16% 
2.03% 
3.61% 
4.27% 
4.70% 
5.06% 
5.49% 
5.53% 
5.53% 
5.53% 
5.53% 
5.53% 
5.53% 
5.53% 
Q1 - 2016 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.02% 
0.05% 
0.09% 
0.12% 
0.22% 
0.40% 
0.75% 
1.44% 
2.77% 
3.59% 
4.01% 
4.33% 
4.59% 
4.64% 
4.65% 
4.65% 
4.65% 
4.65% 
4.65% 
Q2 - 2016 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.01% 
0.01% 
0.03% 
0.06% 
0.09% 
0.21% 
0.42% 
0.71% 
1.33% 
3.08% 
3.97% 
4.57% 
4.89% 
5.23% 
5.30% 
5.30% 
5.30% 
5.30% 
5.30% 
Q3 - 2016 
0.01% 
0.01% 
0.02% 
0.03% 
0.04% 
0.06% 
0.13% 
0.21% 
0.42% 
0.69% 
1.28% 
2.61% 
3.29% 
3.60% 
3.76% 
3.92% 
3.95% 
3.95% 
3.95% 
3.95% 
Q4 - 2016 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.03% 
0.05% 
0.12% 
0.22% 
0.46% 
0.86% 
1.69% 
3.65% 
4.44% 
4.74% 
4.93% 
5.11% 
5.15% 
5.15% 
5.15% 
Q1 - 2017 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.02% 
0.03% 
0.04% 
0.06% 
0.14% 
0.35% 
0.75% 
1.42% 
2.75% 
3.51% 
3.75% 
3.87% 
4.04% 
4.08% 
4.08% 
Q2 - 2017 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.03% 
0.03% 
0.05% 
0.12% 
0.19% 
0.41% 
0.88% 
1.41% 
2.42% 
2.93% 
3.23% 
3.38% 
3.60% 
3.61% 
Q3 - 2017 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.01% 
0.02% 
0.06% 
0.08% 
0.20% 
0.43% 
0.71% 
1.29% 
2.30% 
2.82% 
2.99% 
3.14% 
3.18% 
Q4 - 2017 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.02% 
0.02% 
0.05% 
0.06% 
0.13% 
0.28% 
0.53% 
0.81% 
1.29% 
2.10% 
2.49% 
2.82% 
2.87% 
Q1 - 2018 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.02% 
0.02% 
0.02% 
0.04% 
0.08% 
0.15% 
0.34% 
0.58% 
0.96% 
1.85% 
2.60% 
2.65% 
Q2 - 2018 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.02% 
0.04% 
0.07% 
0.10% 
0.20% 
0.40% 
0.67% 
1.13% 
2.22% 
2.44% 
Q3 - 2018 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.03% 
0.05% 
0.07% 
0.10% 
0.22% 
0.42% 
0.71% 
1.35% 
1.60% 
Q4 - 2018 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.04% 
0.06% 
0.09% 
0.18% 
0.32% 
0.63% 
0.84% 
Q1 - 2019 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.01% 
0.01% 
0.03% 
0.06% 
0.10% 
0.17% 
0.32% 
0.38% 
Q2 - 2019 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.02% 
0.04% 
0.04% 
0.08% 
0.12% 
0.21% 
0.26% 
Q3 - 2019 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.04% 
0.06% 
0.11% 
0.13% 
Q4 - 2019 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.02% 
0.03% 
0.03% 
0.03% 
0.05% 
Q1 - 2020 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.02% 
0.04% 
0.05% 
Q2 - 2020 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.01% 
0.01% 
Q3 - 2020 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
Q4 - 2020 
0.00% 
0.02% 
0.03% 
Q1 - 2021 
0.00% 
0.00% 
Q2 - 2021 
0.00%

--- Page 203 ---
- 190 - 
Cumulative Voluntary Termination (by %) – PCP Used Vehicles 
VT Quarter (from the quarter of origination)
Quarter of 
Origination 
Q0 
Q1 
Q2 
Q3 
Q4 
Q5 
Q6 
Q7 
Q8 
Q9 
Q10 
Q11 
Q12 
Q13 
Q14 
Q15 
Q16 
Q17 
Q18 
Q19 
Q20 
Q21 
Q22 
Q23 
Q24 
Q1 - 2014 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.05% 
0.05% 
0.09% 
0.12% 
0.16% 
0.21% 
0.28% 
0.37% 
1.06% 
1.70% 
2.30% 
2.58% 
2.75% 
2.86% 
2.91% 
2.91% 
2.91% 
2.91% 
2.91% 
2.91% 
2.91% 
2.91% 
2.91%
Q2 - 2014 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.09% 
0.25% 
0.57% 
0.77% 
1.44% 
1.89% 
2.17% 
2.33% 
2.49% 
2.55% 
2.55% 
2.55% 
2.55% 
2.55% 
2.55% 
2.55% 
2.55% 
2.55%
Q3 - 2014 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.02% 
0.04% 
0.07% 
0.16% 
0.27% 
0.40% 
0.52% 
1.26% 
2.21% 
2.95% 
3.21% 
3.46% 
3.56% 
3.58% 
3.58% 
3.58% 
3.58% 
3.58% 
3.58% 
3.58% 
3.58% 
3.58%
Q4 - 2014 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.04% 
0.04% 
0.04% 
0.09% 
0.16% 
0.42% 
0.85% 
1.40% 
2.66% 
3.68% 
4.09% 
4.38% 
4.67% 
4.67% 
4.67% 
4.67% 
4.67% 
4.67% 
4.67% 
4.67% 
4.67% 
4.67%
Q1 - 2015 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.07% 
0.10% 
0.16% 
0.16% 
0.20% 
0.34% 
0.56% 
0.87% 
1.32% 
2.26% 
2.98% 
3.53% 
3.60% 
3.83% 
3.86% 
3.86% 
3.86% 
3.86% 
3.86% 
3.86% 
3.86% 
3.86% 
3.86%
Q2 - 2015 
0.00% 
0.02% 
0.02% 
0.03% 
0.06% 
0.08% 
0.09% 
0.10% 
0.20% 
0.40% 
0.60% 
1.23% 
1.72% 
2.00% 
2.11% 
2.28% 
2.29% 
2.29% 
2.29% 
2.29% 
2.29% 
2.29% 
2.29% 
2.29% 
2.29%
Q3 - 2015 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.02% 
0.03% 
0.07% 
0.09% 
0.18% 
0.26% 
0.53% 
0.92% 
1.25% 
1.35% 
1.39% 
1.44% 
1.45% 
1.45% 
1.45% 
1.45% 
1.45% 
1.45% 
1.45% 
1.45% 
Q4 - 2015 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.02% 
0.05% 
0.09% 
0.11% 
0.14% 
0.20% 
0.48% 
0.97% 
1.38% 
1.77% 
1.95% 
2.29% 
2.37% 
2.37% 
2.37% 
2.37% 
2.37% 
2.37% 
2.37% 
Q1 - 2016 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.05% 
0.12% 
0.21% 
0.39% 
0.70% 
1.30% 
2.12% 
2.67% 
3.20% 
3.46% 
3.51% 
3.51% 
3.51% 
3.51% 
3.51% 
3.51% 
Q2 - 2016 
0.00% 
0.03% 
0.06% 
0.09% 
0.09% 
0.11% 
0.17% 
0.30% 
0.36% 
0.52% 
0.82% 
1.38% 
1.93% 
2.36% 
2.51% 
2.65% 
2.67% 
2.67% 
2.67% 
2.67% 
2.67% 
Q3 - 2016 
0.00% 
0.04% 
0.04% 
0.04% 
0.04% 
0.04% 
0.09% 
0.28% 
0.34% 
0.55% 
0.77% 
1.30% 
1.56% 
1.81% 
1.82% 
2.02% 
2.03% 
2.03% 
2.03% 
2.03% 
Q4 - 2016 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.02% 
0.02% 
0.05% 
0.13% 
0.18% 
0.27% 
0.65% 
1.30% 
1.70% 
1.83% 
2.01% 
2.20% 
2.20% 
2.20% 
2.20% 
Q1 - 2017 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.02% 
0.03% 
0.03% 
0.10% 
0.12% 
0.24% 
0.56% 
1.21% 
1.62% 
1.95% 
2.11% 
2.20% 
2.21% 
2.21% 
Q2 - 2017 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.03% 
0.04% 
0.04% 
0.06% 
0.12% 
0.17% 
0.38% 
0.65% 
1.03% 
1.53% 
1.68% 
1.90% 
1.98% 
1.99% 
Q3 - 2017 
0.00% 
0.03% 
0.06% 
0.10% 
0.13% 
0.13% 
0.15% 
0.15% 
0.26% 
0.37% 
0.68% 
1.07% 
1.39% 
1.54% 
1.70% 
1.73% 
Q4 - 2017 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.03% 
0.03% 
0.04% 
0.10% 
0.23% 
0.34% 
0.53% 
0.92% 
1.08% 
1.21% 
1.25% 
Q1 - 2018 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.03% 
0.05% 
0.06% 
0.13% 
0.29% 
0.49% 
0.71% 
1.00% 
1.08% 
Q2 - 2018 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.01% 
0.02% 
0.03% 
0.06% 
0.10% 
0.15% 
0.32% 
0.51% 
0.95% 
1.07% 
Q3 - 2018 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.01% 
0.03% 
0.04% 
0.06% 
0.09% 
0.13% 
0.22% 
0.31% 
0.54% 
0.61% 
Q4 - 2018 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.02% 
0.02% 
0.06% 
0.07% 
0.07% 
0.14% 
0.24% 
0.47% 
0.57% 
Q1 - 2019 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.03% 
0.05% 
0.06% 
0.07% 
0.11% 
0.22% 
0.24% 
Q2 - 2019 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.01% 
0.03% 
0.03% 
0.12% 
0.20% 
0.29% 
Q3 - 2019 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.03% 
0.04% 
0.05% 
0.05% 
0.10% 
0.13% 
Q4 - 2019 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.02% 
0.02% 
0.02% 
0.03% 
Q1 - 2020 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
Q2 - 2020 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.02% 
0.04% 
0.04% 
Q3 - 2020 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
Q4 - 2020 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
Q1 - 2021 
0.00% 
0.00% 
Q2 - 2021 
0.00%

--- Page 204 ---
- 191 - 
Cumulative Voluntary Termination (by %) – HP New Vehicles 
VT Quarter (from the quarter of origination)
Quarter of 
Origination 
Q0 
Q1 
Q2 
Q3 
Q4 
Q5 
Q6 
Q7 
Q8 
Q9 
Q10 
Q11 
Q12 
Q13 
Q14 
Q15 
Q16 
Q17 
Q18 
Q19 
Q20 
Q21 
Q22 
Q23 
Q24 
Q1 - 2014 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.07% 
0.07% 
0.09% 
0.11% 
0.28% 
0.33% 
0.36% 
0.41% 
0.41% 
0.41% 
0.41% 
0.41% 
0.41% 
0.41% 
0.41% 
0.41% 
0.41% 
0.41% 
0.41%
Q2 - 2014 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.06% 
0.22% 
0.23% 
0.26% 
0.26% 
0.26% 
0.26% 
0.26% 
0.26% 
0.26% 
0.26% 
0.26% 
0.26% 
0.26% 
0.26% 
0.26%
Q3 - 2014 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.09% 
0.09% 
0.09% 
0.09% 
0.14% 
0.26% 
0.50% 
0.56% 
0.66% 
0.66% 
0.66% 
0.69% 
0.69% 
0.69% 
0.69% 
0.69% 
0.69% 
0.69% 
0.69% 
0.69% 
0.69%
Q4 - 2014 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.06% 
0.11% 
0.15% 
0.18% 
0.22% 
0.22% 
0.23% 
0.23% 
0.23% 
0.23% 
0.23% 
0.23% 
0.23% 
0.23% 
0.23% 
0.23% 
0.23% 
0.23%
Q1 - 2015 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.05% 
0.12% 
0.23% 
0.40% 
0.41% 
0.43% 
0.44% 
0.44% 
0.44% 
0.44% 
0.44% 
0.44% 
0.44% 
0.44% 
0.44% 
0.44% 
0.44% 
0.44%
Q2 - 2015 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.05% 
0.07% 
0.16% 
0.27% 
0.30% 
0.39% 
0.43% 
0.43% 
0.43% 
0.43% 
0.43% 
0.43% 
0.43% 
0.43% 
0.43% 
0.43% 
0.43% 
0.43% 
0.43% 
0.43%
Q3 - 2015 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.05% 
0.11% 
0.17% 
0.29% 
0.36% 
0.39% 
0.39% 
0.43% 
0.43% 
0.43% 
0.43% 
0.43% 
0.43% 
0.43% 
0.43% 
0.43% 
0.43% 
Q4 - 2015 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.08% 
0.14% 
0.24% 
0.31% 
0.37% 
0.39% 
0.41% 
0.41% 
0.41% 
0.41% 
0.41% 
0.41% 
0.41% 
0.41% 
0.41% 
0.41% 
0.41% 
Q1 - 2016 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.04% 
0.04% 
0.04% 
0.05% 
0.07% 
0.07% 
0.19% 
0.19% 
0.26% 
0.29% 
0.32% 
0.32% 
0.32% 
0.32% 
0.32% 
0.32% 
0.32% 
0.32% 
0.32% 
0.32% 
Q2 - 2016 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.01% 
0.01% 
0.03% 
0.10% 
0.12% 
0.13% 
0.17% 
0.18% 
0.18% 
0.18% 
0.18% 
0.18% 
0.18% 
0.18% 
Q3 - 2016 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.03% 
0.09% 
0.11% 
0.11% 
0.17% 
0.17% 
0.25% 
0.29% 
0.32% 
0.33% 
0.33% 
0.33% 
0.33% 
0.33% 
0.33% 
0.33% 
Q4 - 2016 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.02% 
0.02% 
0.07% 
0.08% 
0.10% 
0.11% 
0.12% 
0.12% 
0.12% 
0.12% 
0.12% 
Q1 - 2017 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.02% 
0.06% 
0.08% 
0.10% 
0.11% 
0.11% 
0.13% 
0.13% 
0.13% 
0.13% 
0.13% 
0.13% 
Q2 - 2017 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.04% 
0.07% 
0.18% 
0.20% 
0.21% 
0.21% 
0.21% 
0.21% 
0.21% 
Q3 - 2017 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.04% 
0.04% 
0.05% 
0.09% 
0.12% 
0.19% 
0.22% 
0.23% 
0.23% 
0.23% 
0.23% 
Q4 - 2017 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.03% 
0.05% 
0.08% 
0.08% 
0.10% 
0.10% 
0.10% 
Q1 - 2018 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.03% 
0.03% 
0.03% 
0.03% 
0.05% 
0.18% 
0.18% 
0.18% 
Q2 - 2018 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.04% 
0.04% 
0.04% 
0.04% 
0.10% 
0.14% 
0.14% 
0.14% 
Q3 - 2018 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.06% 
0.06% 
0.11% 
0.11% 
0.11% 
0.11% 
0.15% 
0.15% 
Q4 - 2018 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.03% 
0.03% 
0.09% 
0.13% 
Q1 - 2019 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
Q2 - 2019 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.05% 
0.05% 
Q3 - 2019 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.07% 
0.07% 
Q4 - 2019 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
Q1 - 2020 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
Q2 - 2020 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
Q3 - 2020 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
Q4 - 2020 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
Q1 - 2021 
0.00% 
0.00% 
Q2 - 2021 
0.00%

--- Page 205 ---
- 192 - 
Cumulative Voluntary Termination (by %) – HP Used Vehicles 
VT Quarter (from the quarter of origination)
Quarter of 
Origination 
Q0 
Q1 
Q2 
Q3 
Q4 
Q5 
Q6 
Q7 
Q8 
Q9 
Q10 
Q11 
Q12 
Q13 
Q14 
Q15 
Q16 
Q17 
Q18 
Q19 
Q20 
Q21 
Q22 
Q23 
Q24 
Q1 - 2014 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.03% 
0.06% 
0.08% 
0.09% 
0.16% 
0.25% 
0.31% 
0.55% 
0.76% 
0.81% 
0.96% 
0.99% 
1.00% 
1.00% 
1.00% 
1.00% 
1.00% 
1.00% 
1.00% 
1.00% 
1.00% 
1.00% 
1.00%
Q2 - 2014 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.04% 
0.04% 
0.11% 
0.12% 
0.18% 
0.24% 
0.37% 
0.59% 
0.86% 
0.98% 
1.10% 
1.14% 
1.14% 
1.14% 
1.15% 
1.15% 
1.15% 
1.15% 
1.15% 
1.15% 
1.15% 
1.15% 
1.15%
Q3 - 2014 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.02% 
0.03% 
0.03% 
0.05% 
0.15% 
0.37% 
0.58% 
0.86% 
0.95% 
1.04% 
1.06% 
1.08% 
1.08% 
1.09% 
1.09% 
1.09% 
1.09% 
1.09% 
1.09% 
1.09% 
1.09% 
1.09%
Q4 - 2014 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.02% 
0.03% 
0.07% 
0.16% 
0.27% 
0.60% 
0.94% 
1.05% 
1.26% 
1.32% 
1.36% 
1.37% 
1.37% 
1.37% 
1.37% 
1.37% 
1.37% 
1.37% 
1.37% 
1.37% 
1.37%
Q1 - 2015 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.02% 
0.04% 
0.06% 
0.08% 
0.11% 
0.25% 
0.35% 
0.50% 
0.72% 
0.81% 
0.85% 
0.88% 
0.88% 
0.88% 
0.89% 
0.89% 
0.89% 
0.89% 
0.89% 
0.89% 
0.89% 
0.89% 
0.89%
Q2 - 2015 
0.00% 
0.05% 
0.05% 
0.10% 
0.10% 
0.17% 
0.17% 
0.22% 
0.37% 
0.51% 
0.81% 
0.99% 
1.07% 
1.12% 
1.13% 
1.14% 
1.14% 
1.14% 
1.14% 
1.14% 
1.14% 
1.14% 
1.14% 
1.14% 
1.14%
Q3 - 2015 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.02% 
0.02% 
0.02% 
0.02% 
0.04% 
0.12% 
0.28% 
0.41% 
0.59% 
0.73% 
0.79% 
0.79% 
0.79% 
0.80% 
0.80% 
0.80% 
0.80% 
0.80% 
0.80% 
0.80% 
0.80% 
0.80% 
Q4 - 2015 
0.00% 
0.04% 
0.04% 
0.04% 
0.09% 
0.17% 
0.17% 
0.27% 
0.30% 
0.41% 
0.64% 
0.72% 
0.76% 
0.80% 
0.81% 
0.83% 
0.83% 
0.83% 
0.83% 
0.83% 
0.83% 
0.83% 
0.83% 
Q1 - 2016 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.02% 
0.02% 
0.02% 
0.04% 
0.10% 
0.15% 
0.29% 
0.42% 
0.47% 
0.47% 
0.48% 
0.49% 
0.49% 
0.49% 
0.49% 
0.49% 
0.49% 
0.49% 
0.49% 
Q2 - 2016 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.02% 
0.04% 
0.07% 
0.10% 
0.11% 
0.12% 
0.17% 
0.24% 
0.34% 
0.39% 
0.45% 
0.49% 
0.51% 
0.51% 
0.51% 
0.51% 
0.51% 
0.51% 
0.51% 
Q3 - 2016 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.01% 
0.06% 
0.06% 
0.09% 
0.11% 
0.17% 
0.24% 
0.32% 
0.34% 
0.34% 
0.35% 
0.35% 
0.35% 
0.35% 
0.35% 
0.35% 
Q4 - 2016 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.02% 
0.04% 
0.05% 
0.10% 
0.11% 
0.14% 
0.16% 
0.29% 
0.35% 
0.39% 
0.39% 
0.40% 
0.42% 
0.42% 
0.42% 
0.42% 
Q1 - 2017 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.02% 
0.05% 
0.07% 
0.12% 
0.21% 
0.25% 
0.28% 
0.28% 
0.28% 
0.29% 
0.29% 
0.29% 
Q2 - 2017 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.01% 
0.01% 
0.01% 
0.05% 
0.07% 
0.09% 
0.15% 
0.18% 
0.18% 
0.20% 
0.20% 
0.20% 
0.20% 
Q3 - 2017 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.03% 
0.03% 
0.05% 
0.07% 
0.09% 
0.12% 
0.20% 
0.32% 
0.35% 
0.35% 
0.35% 
0.35% 
0.35% 
Q4 - 2017 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.04% 
0.06% 
0.07% 
0.10% 
0.16% 
0.17% 
0.18% 
0.19% 
0.21% 
Q1 - 2018 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.02% 
0.02% 
0.03% 
0.03% 
0.04% 
0.07% 
0.09% 
0.09% 
0.12% 
0.13% 
0.16% 
0.16% 
Q2 - 2018 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.03% 
0.05% 
0.05% 
0.12% 
0.18% 
0.20% 
0.24% 
0.30% 
0.44% 
0.50% 
0.50% 
Q3 - 2018 
0.03% 
0.03% 
0.07% 
0.07% 
0.08% 
0.13% 
0.18% 
0.21% 
0.25% 
0.27% 
0.37% 
0.42% 
Q4 - 2018 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.06% 
0.06% 
0.08% 
0.14% 
0.16% 
0.16% 
0.22% 
0.28% 
Q1 - 2019 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.03% 
0.11% 
0.11% 
0.13% 
0.13% 
0.13% 
0.13% 
Q2 - 2019 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.02% 
0.02% 
0.02% 
0.06% 
0.07% 
0.10% 
0.13% 
Q3 - 2019 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.06% 
0.09% 
0.13% 
0.13% 
Q4 - 2019 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.01% 
0.02% 
0.03% 
0.05% 
Q1 - 2020 
0.00% 
0.05% 
0.05% 
0.05% 
0.05% 
0.08% 
Q2 - 2020 
0.06% 
0.11% 
0.11% 
0.11% 
0.11% 
Q3 - 2020 
0.02% 
0.02% 
0.03% 
0.04% 
Q4 - 2020 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
Q1 - 2021 
0.00% 
0.00% 
Q2 - 2021 
0.00%

--- Page 206 ---
- 193 - 
Cumulative Recoveries (by %) – Total Portfolio 
Recovery Quarter (from quarter of default)
Quarter of 
default 
Q0 
Q1 
Q2 
Q3 
Q4 
Q5 
Q6 
Q7 
Q8 
Q9 
Q10 
Q11 
Q12 
Q13 
Q14 
Q15 
Q16 
Q17 
Q18 
Q19 
Q20 
Q21 
Q22 
Q23 
Q24 
Q1 - 2014 
2.37% 11.76% 18.62% 28.64% 34.09% 41.19% 48.38% 52.77% 57.95% 60.42% 64.22% 67.09% 68.65% 69.59% 70.22% 70.56% 70.98% 71.69% 72.01% 72.30% 72.58% 72.85% 72.95% 72.98% 73.01%
Q2 - 2014 
5.48% 
9.08% 21.09% 26.34% 33.88% 39.79% 44.70% 49.85% 53.11% 55.82% 58.66% 60.76% 62.03% 63.12% 63.85% 64.73% 65.29% 65.67% 66.17% 66.46% 66.66% 67.07% 67.11% 67.12% 67.14%
Q3 - 2014 
3.86% 10.14% 23.46% 31.96% 37.31% 43.79% 50.57% 54.66% 57.38% 60.92% 62.00% 63.28% 64.25% 64.78% 65.31% 65.71% 66.05% 66.45% 66.71% 66.90% 67.18% 67.27% 67.33% 67.38% 67.48%
Q4 - 2014 
3.12% 
8.91% 20.03% 29.61% 36.53% 41.88% 46.11% 51.85% 55.91% 58.10% 60.30% 61.74% 62.49% 63.51% 64.27% 64.94% 65.37% 65.83% 66.07% 66.29% 66.40% 66.47% 66.57% 66.66% 66.74%
Q1 - 2015 
3.75% 18.46% 27.46% 35.57% 41.35% 46.13% 50.38% 54.96% 58.02% 61.11% 62.59% 63.49% 64.33% 65.46% 66.23% 67.03% 67.44% 67.68% 67.93% 68.08% 68.20% 68.37% 68.65% 68.75% 68.85%
Q2 - 2015 
7.98% 22.36% 31.90% 42.48% 47.25% 51.64% 55.55% 58.44% 60.98% 62.62% 63.97% 64.81% 65.51% 66.99% 67.57% 68.47% 68.91% 69.28% 69.65% 69.84% 69.96% 70.08% 70.16% 70.23% 70.29%
Q3 - 2015 
8.69% 24.73% 33.93% 38.91% 43.07% 46.69% 50.57% 52.24% 54.58% 55.80% 57.74% 58.85% 59.38% 60.61% 61.34% 61.79% 62.03% 62.33% 62.45% 62.55% 62.72% 63.03% 63.15% 63.24%
Q4 - 2015 
14.88% 28.74% 35.25% 44.48% 49.49% 53.84% 56.24% 57.78% 58.91% 60.11% 60.92% 61.26% 61.60% 61.99% 62.65% 62.89% 63.18% 63.40% 63.75% 63.92% 64.12% 64.21% 64.29%
Q1 - 2016 
9.20% 20.80% 31.09% 39.36% 45.41% 49.93% 53.33% 56.67% 59.33% 61.62% 63.56% 64.77% 65.56% 66.27% 66.50% 66.78% 66.91% 67.04% 67.18% 67.40% 67.53% 67.57%
Q2 - 2016 
10.35% 23.96% 33.00% 41.73% 48.39% 51.90% 54.86% 57.54% 59.23% 61.21% 62.75% 63.77% 64.38% 64.86% 65.20% 65.37% 65.49% 65.89% 66.25% 66.44% 66.57%
Q3 - 2016 
21.54% 34.08% 41.74% 46.96% 50.79% 52.61% 54.05% 55.19% 56.99% 58.25% 59.11% 59.93% 60.81% 61.48% 61.76% 62.17% 62.39% 62.62% 62.84% 62.96%
Q4 - 2016 
20.12% 32.70% 40.43% 44.87% 46.03% 49.23% 52.22% 54.94% 56.37% 58.22% 59.13% 59.89% 60.64% 61.33% 61.70% 62.03% 62.26% 62.79% 62.93%
Q1 - 2017 
17.21% 34.47% 41.82% 46.80% 50.68% 53.38% 55.79% 57.05% 58.40% 59.64% 61.16% 61.99% 62.39% 63.73% 64.45% 64.92% 65.37% 65.62%
Q2 - 2017 
16.55% 31.74% 36.43% 40.98% 44.97% 48.58% 52.35% 54.45% 56.16% 57.52% 58.81% 60.13% 61.12% 61.94% 62.33% 62.99% 63.15%
Q3 - 2017 
15.53% 28.50% 36.11% 42.17% 47.34% 49.88% 51.98% 54.34% 57.14% 58.28% 59.42% 61.49% 62.35% 63.22% 63.84% 64.25%
Q4 - 2017 
19.43% 33.99% 40.84% 45.77% 49.07% 51.88% 54.73% 56.84% 58.11% 59.41% 60.36% 62.22% 62.82% 63.34% 63.62%
Q1 - 2018 
15.85% 36.36% 44.33% 48.57% 51.91% 54.95% 57.50% 59.11% 60.66% 62.29% 63.72% 64.58% 65.51% 65.80%
Q2 - 2018 
18.81% 37.92% 43.51% 49.07% 51.38% 53.69% 55.70% 57.34% 58.85% 60.28% 61.82% 63.30% 64.05%
Q3 - 2018 
23.10% 38.31% 43.94% 49.08% 52.86% 56.05% 57.68% 59.41% 61.55% 63.21% 64.74% 65.29%
Q4 - 2018 
21.45% 38.07% 44.73% 48.73% 51.71% 53.40% 55.33% 57.37% 59.32% 61.12% 62.19%
Q1 - 2019 
20.73% 36.78% 44.90% 48.65% 51.70% 54.28% 57.05% 59.53% 61.55% 63.35%
Q2 - 2019 
20.29% 35.44% 40.23% 43.42% 46.26% 49.34% 51.87% 53.65% 55.78%
Q3 - 2019 
28.57% 40.09% 44.48% 47.25% 51.57% 54.76% 57.36% 58.73%
Q4 - 2019 
20.62% 33.71% 38.68% 43.20% 46.58% 50.34% 51.89%
Q1 - 2020 
14.29% 27.96% 35.13% 40.33% 45.87% 48.01%
Q2 - 2020 
12.24% 26.02% 37.14% 44.49% 48.56%
Q3 - 2020 
18.55% 31.38% 40.45% 49.75%
Q4 - 2020 
17.26% 28.70% 33.02%
Q1 - 2021 
21.04% 32.26%
Q2 - 2021 
9.67%

--- Page 207 ---
- 194 - 
Cumulative Recoveries (by %) – PCP New Vehicles 
Recovery Quarter (from quarter of default)
Quarter of 
default 
Q0 
Q1 
Q2 
Q3 
Q4 
Q5 
Q6 
Q7 
Q8 
Q9 
Q10 
Q11 
Q12 
Q13 
Q14 
Q15 
Q16 
Q17 
Q18 
Q19 
Q20 
Q21 
Q22 
Q23 
Q24 
Q1 - 2014 
2.23% 
7.62% 
9.83% 24.96% 33.30% 43.45% 51.60% 52.80% 58.39% 59.67% 65.78% 68.33% 70.14% 70.53% 70.83% 71.05% 71.42% 72.31% 72.34% 72.34% 72.34% 72.34% 72.34% 72.34% 72.34%
Q2 - 2014 
9.14% 12.16% 26.47% 28.47% 38.18% 45.76% 50.16% 54.49% 56.41% 59.31% 63.93% 65.34% 66.79% 68.08% 68.79% 69.65% 70.25% 70.62% 71.20% 71.48% 71.63% 72.33% 72.37% 72.39% 72.41%
Q3 - 2014 
4.03% 11.29% 27.75% 33.81% 39.25% 44.37% 50.80% 55.77% 59.27% 62.66% 63.77% 65.32% 65.92% 66.49% 66.99% 67.44% 67.77% 68.40% 68.75% 69.04% 69.41% 69.55% 69.65% 69.73% 69.88%
Q4 - 2014 
2.74% 11.52% 24.96% 33.99% 39.02% 45.01% 49.11% 56.28% 59.85% 61.52% 63.84% 64.85% 65.48% 66.57% 67.44% 68.34% 68.82% 69.12% 69.35% 69.51% 69.59% 69.64% 69.76% 69.86% 69.92%
Q1 - 2015 
4.03% 20.01% 28.07% 36.36% 42.65% 48.00% 53.01% 59.04% 61.73% 65.28% 66.52% 67.13% 68.11% 69.30% 70.50% 71.72% 72.24% 72.51% 72.77% 72.95% 73.06% 73.32% 73.61% 73.77% 73.96%
Q2 - 2015 
8.79% 26.08% 37.98% 46.37% 49.71% 53.77% 58.25% 61.45% 63.26% 64.56% 66.02% 66.78% 67.73% 70.12% 71.04% 72.49% 73.13% 73.68% 74.26% 74.57% 74.75% 74.96% 75.08% 75.19% 75.26%
Q3 - 2015 
10.61% 25.01% 35.57% 38.82% 42.18% 45.46% 49.83% 51.43% 54.97% 55.94% 58.52% 59.99% 60.47% 62.36% 63.41% 64.01% 64.20% 64.39% 64.53% 64.63% 64.78% 65.28% 65.47% 65.61%
Q4 - 2015 
13.47% 28.06% 36.09% 45.82% 50.41% 55.87% 58.38% 59.58% 60.50% 61.13% 62.03% 62.29% 62.51% 62.91% 63.79% 63.99% 64.34% 64.58% 64.71% 64.90% 65.19% 65.33% 65.46%
Q1 - 2016 
10.13% 21.03% 31.95% 41.13% 47.16% 50.61% 52.53% 55.31% 58.37% 59.37% 61.70% 62.83% 63.62% 64.17% 64.24% 64.54% 64.63% 64.70% 64.79% 65.09% 65.29% 65.37%
Q2 - 2016 
9.54% 25.16% 35.20% 43.80% 49.84% 53.34% 55.65% 57.54% 59.01% 60.73% 61.68% 62.61% 63.18% 63.69% 64.10% 64.22% 64.36% 64.67% 65.15% 65.39% 65.53%
Q3 - 2016 
25.25% 39.23% 45.64% 50.39% 53.70% 55.70% 56.50% 57.11% 58.89% 59.81% 60.32% 61.15% 62.24% 62.70% 62.92% 63.32% 63.51% 63.69% 63.86% 63.94%
Q4 - 2016 
19.50% 32.62% 42.32% 46.82% 47.51% 51.07% 54.17% 57.21% 58.50% 60.46% 61.02% 61.68% 62.52% 62.92% 63.23% 63.56% 63.78% 64.44% 64.53%
Q1 - 2017 
21.96% 37.13% 45.49% 50.88% 55.79% 58.19% 61.02% 62.30% 63.62% 64.83% 66.64% 67.59% 68.04% 69.18% 69.96% 70.33% 70.62% 70.95%
Q2 - 2017 
20.18% 37.20% 40.90% 45.65% 48.81% 52.04% 55.11% 56.82% 58.00% 59.10% 60.54% 61.96% 62.97% 63.59% 63.82% 64.51% 64.62%
Q3 - 2017 
19.07% 31.74% 39.90% 44.06% 49.11% 51.68% 53.03% 55.56% 58.05% 59.03% 59.89% 62.16% 62.97% 64.07% 64.49% 64.83%
Q4 - 2017 
25.47% 39.41% 45.12% 49.93% 52.48% 54.48% 56.18% 58.15% 58.84% 60.11% 60.93% 62.77% 63.33% 63.76% 63.91%
Q1 - 2018 
17.09% 43.14% 48.78% 51.81% 53.57% 54.97% 57.00% 58.17% 59.72% 61.85% 63.54% 64.09% 64.98% 65.25%
Q2 - 2018 
19.60% 38.20% 42.99% 50.12% 51.66% 54.11% 56.25% 57.97% 59.77% 60.92% 62.43% 64.08% 65.21%
Q3 - 2018 
24.25% 39.54% 44.47% 49.55% 53.12% 56.79% 58.56% 60.40% 62.45% 64.45% 66.07% 66.43%
Q4 - 2018 
24.09% 39.78% 46.11% 49.87% 52.14% 53.31% 55.30% 57.73% 59.82% 61.58% 62.66%
Q1 - 2019 
26.31% 41.17% 50.25% 53.00% 56.06% 58.67% 60.73% 63.13% 65.16% 66.66%
Q2 - 2019 
19.03% 33.68% 37.76% 40.97% 43.63% 46.62% 48.91% 50.32% 51.76%
Q3 - 2019 
30.13% 41.99% 46.23% 48.29% 52.08% 55.26% 57.73% 58.85%
Q4 - 2019 
22.77% 33.42% 37.84% 42.76% 45.13% 47.85% 49.42%
Q1 - 2020 
14.77% 27.89% 34.40% 40.35% 44.97% 46.74%
Q2 - 2020 
14.25% 26.90% 38.16% 44.43% 49.30%
Q3 - 2020 
24.70% 38.23% 47.20% 51.56%
Q4 - 2020 
20.08% 30.63% 34.25%
Q1 - 2021 
25.17% 36.04%
Q2 - 2021 
12.54%

--- Page 208 ---
- 195 - 
Cumulative Recoveries (by %) – PCP Used Vehicles 
Recovery Quarter (from quarter of default)
Quarter of 
default 
Q0 
Q1 
Q2 
Q3 
Q4 
Q5 
Q6 
Q7 
Q8 
Q9 
Q10 
Q11 
Q12 
Q13 
Q14 
Q15 
Q16 
Q17 
Q18 
Q19 
Q20 
Q21 
Q22 
Q23 
Q24 
Q1 - 2014 
0.56% 82.78% 82.78% 82.78% 82.78% 82.78% 82.78% 82.78% 82.78% 82.78% 82.78% 82.78% 82.78% 82.78% 82.78% 82.78% 82.78% 82.78% 82.78% 82.78% 82.78% 82.78% 82.78% 82.78% 82.78%
Q2 - 2014 
2.12% 
3.54% 11.71% 14.39% 30.47% 33.90% 37.87% 41.90% 45.36% 51.11% 52.60% 54.75% 56.97% 59.15% 61.30% 63.49% 63.77% 63.77% 63.77% 63.80% 63.87% 63.94% 63.94% 63.94% 63.94%
Q3 - 2014 
8.39% 
9.94% 30.62% 31.12% 32.51% 48.07% 54.94% 56.03% 56.76% 61.72% 62.27% 62.83% 67.59% 68.13% 68.66% 68.66% 68.66% 68.66% 68.66% 68.66% 68.66% 68.66% 68.66% 68.66% 68.66%
Q4 - 2014 
3.25% 
5.41% 17.73% 27.09% 31.29% 35.98% 42.81% 47.07% 53.15% 54.34% 55.58% 59.84% 60.24% 60.79% 61.54% 62.11% 62.52% 64.35% 64.52% 65.13% 65.37% 65.54% 65.70% 65.87% 66.04%
Q1 - 2015 
6.82% 22.86% 37.27% 42.00% 47.90% 49.27% 50.18% 52.01% 60.32% 65.94% 69.25% 70.26% 71.53% 72.48% 73.23% 74.40% 75.50% 76.13% 76.76% 76.93% 77.10% 77.23% 78.14% 78.14% 78.14%
Q2 - 2015 
9.13% 24.40% 31.67% 38.63% 43.57% 48.41% 52.98% 54.93% 61.62% 66.08% 67.23% 69.03% 69.22% 69.27% 69.42% 69.46% 69.50% 69.55% 69.57% 69.57% 69.57% 69.57% 69.57% 69.57% 69.57%
Q3 - 2015 
2.03% 32.44% 39.62% 42.76% 45.76% 48.72% 52.97% 54.11% 54.92% 55.52% 56.08% 56.79% 57.77% 58.48% 59.28% 59.63% 60.10% 61.56% 61.77% 61.99% 62.62% 62.93% 63.05% 63.17%
Q4 - 2015 
15.53% 26.98% 27.38% 33.59% 40.35% 42.10% 43.91% 45.00% 45.66% 50.30% 51.19% 51.62% 52.16% 52.45% 52.88% 53.20% 53.37% 53.51% 53.64% 53.79% 53.92% 53.93% 53.93%
Q1 - 2016 
7.60% 18.04% 28.23% 34.23% 41.82% 46.67% 52.74% 56.48% 57.94% 59.73% 60.44% 61.39% 62.82% 63.65% 63.92% 64.14% 64.35% 64.39% 65.05% 65.25% 65.36% 65.39%
Q2 - 2016 
13.54% 25.32% 32.23% 40.13% 46.68% 48.72% 53.06% 57.66% 60.05% 62.01% 63.45% 64.85% 65.09% 65.35% 65.53% 65.66% 65.80% 65.95% 66.09% 66.22% 66.50%
Q3 - 2016 
23.54% 32.87% 41.47% 48.40% 53.84% 56.33% 57.31% 58.21% 60.48% 63.77% 65.81% 66.40% 66.94% 69.16% 69.53% 69.60% 69.76% 70.15% 70.42% 70.75%
Q4 - 2016 
31.42% 42.29% 46.42% 51.98% 53.20% 54.89% 59.08% 59.65% 62.27% 64.12% 64.31% 64.42% 64.62% 67.20% 67.39% 67.58% 67.71% 68.20% 68.82%
Q1 - 2017 
12.71% 31.35% 38.01% 40.49% 41.44% 45.95% 47.52% 48.16% 49.26% 49.63% 50.42% 50.58% 50.71% 52.38% 52.75% 52.79% 53.37% 53.41%
Q2 - 2017 
16.78% 30.44% 35.33% 38.43% 42.62% 44.36% 49.48% 50.73% 54.13% 55.05% 55.74% 56.35% 58.11% 60.03% 61.13% 62.39% 62.86%
Q3 - 2017 
20.16% 29.69% 33.54% 38.96% 44.40% 45.81% 49.41% 51.21% 54.82% 55.70% 57.29% 59.71% 59.91% 60.44% 60.59% 61.69%
Q4 - 2017 
16.96% 34.78% 43.91% 45.74% 50.09% 53.60% 58.41% 59.86% 61.62% 62.28% 63.05% 65.23% 66.08% 66.64% 67.10%
Q1 - 2018 
11.38% 28.50% 38.67% 43.81% 46.29% 51.72% 53.32% 54.34% 55.79% 56.39% 56.96% 58.10% 60.32% 60.90%
Q2 - 2018 
13.10% 32.01% 40.85% 44.52% 48.18% 49.18% 51.00% 52.27% 53.89% 55.95% 58.24% 60.09% 60.57%
Q3 - 2018 
23.09% 33.13% 37.41% 41.14% 43.37% 44.37% 45.11% 45.59% 48.42% 49.08% 50.21% 50.56%
Q4 - 2018 
19.86% 36.61% 43.79% 47.55% 52.54% 53.86% 55.79% 56.88% 58.75% 60.20% 61.06%
Q1 - 2019 
12.08% 27.71% 35.16% 41.72% 43.63% 45.98% 49.46% 51.39% 53.51% 55.84%
Q2 - 2019 
22.08% 37.69% 42.98% 44.48% 47.51% 49.08% 52.14% 54.14% 58.64%
Q3 - 2019 
24.98% 35.78% 38.07% 43.54% 47.77% 50.15% 53.16% 54.61%
Q4 - 2019 
16.45% 30.90% 36.44% 38.77% 43.17% 48.77% 49.83%
Q1 - 2020 
13.22% 25.84% 33.91% 37.58% 43.63% 45.86%
Q2 - 2020 
9.69% 23.39% 33.30% 39.63% 42.74%
Q3 - 2020 
15.40% 26.16% 36.11% 42.36%
Q4 - 2020 
14.89% 24.53% 30.72%
Q1 - 2021 
15.11% 29.65%
Q2 - 2021 
6.80%

--- Page 209 ---
- 196 - 
Cumulative Recoveries (by %) – HP New Vehicles 
Recovery Quarter (from quarter of default)
Quarter of 
default 
Q0 
Q1 
Q2 
Q3 
Q4 
Q5 
Q6 
Q7 
Q8 
Q9 
Q10 
Q11 
Q12 
Q13 
Q14 
Q15 
Q16 
Q17 
Q18 
Q19 
Q20 
Q21 
Q22 
Q23 
Q24 
Q1 - 2014 
4.87% 23.40% 36.13% 46.04% 50.09% 52.54% 55.26% 63.04% 66.16% 69.66% 72.56% 75.97% 79.53% 82.37% 83.85% 84.23% 84.32% 84.37% 84.47% 84.54% 84.61% 84.66% 84.73% 84.73% 84.73%
Q2 - 2014 
5.38% 
9.37% 22.38% 35.06% 43.08% 50.67% 54.10% 65.75% 69.53% 71.38% 71.64% 72.78% 73.52% 73.52% 73.52% 73.52% 73.52% 73.59% 73.78% 73.98% 74.04% 74.04% 74.04% 74.04% 74.04%
Q3 - 2014 
8.85% 15.79% 33.52% 52.59% 58.07% 64.56% 70.85% 76.48% 79.32% 79.44% 79.47% 79.58% 79.69% 79.76% 79.89% 79.98% 80.10% 80.18% 80.24% 80.30% 80.35% 80.37% 80.46% 80.54% 80.63%
Q4 - 2014 
6.35% 14.25% 24.05% 37.72% 51.08% 56.23% 62.32% 70.18% 74.00% 81.15% 82.79% 84.23% 85.41% 86.60% 87.38% 88.21% 88.74% 89.07% 89.41% 89.68% 89.89% 89.99% 90.09% 90.20% 90.30%
Q1 - 2015 
3.30% 22.54% 37.40% 39.65% 43.12% 47.25% 51.30% 57.43% 60.55% 62.72% 64.49% 66.93% 67.97% 68.90% 69.49% 69.89% 70.01% 70.13% 70.25% 70.36% 70.48% 70.60% 70.65% 70.65% 70.65%
Q2 - 2015 
12.15% 21.58% 27.01% 37.50% 39.22% 44.07% 47.00% 48.55% 50.12% 51.74% 53.31% 54.37% 55.08% 56.24% 55.98% 56.41% 56.70% 56.98% 57.12% 57.12% 57.17% 57.30% 57.44% 57.61% 57.79%
Q3 - 2015 
16.87% 22.34% 37.00% 47.30% 54.25% 57.02% 60.59% 65.03% 66.65% 67.27% 67.72% 68.21% 68.63% 69.59% 69.83% 70.07% 70.32% 70.55% 70.77% 70.77% 70.77% 70.77% 70.77% 70.77%
Q4 - 2015 
29.20% 47.18% 49.79% 54.12% 55.11% 61.38% 62.42% 64.43% 65.16% 67.44% 67.98% 68.32% 68.65% 68.82% 69.28% 69.45% 69.59% 69.67% 70.04% 70.04% 70.04% 70.04% 70.04%
Q1 - 2016 
7.19% 16.18% 23.65% 30.27% 36.09% 44.12% 49.64% 54.62% 57.42% 64.95% 67.17% 68.80% 69.07% 69.88% 69.96% 70.02% 70.04% 70.09% 70.12% 70.12% 70.12% 70.12%
Q2 - 2016 
17.02% 27.09% 34.16% 41.52% 59.94% 64.80% 67.06% 68.83% 70.12% 71.55% 73.02% 74.36% 75.45% 75.82% 76.00% 76.25% 76.39% 79.25% 79.26% 79.30% 79.31%
Q3 - 2016 
27.09% 35.73% 42.62% 45.86% 51.57% 51.30% 56.02% 56.76% 58.48% 59.42% 60.34% 61.28% 62.16% 62.57% 62.97% 63.38% 63.99% 64.47% 64.99% 65.10%
Q4 - 2016 
21.72% 28.65% 34.37% 36.56% 37.25% 38.12% 39.27% 40.36% 41.49% 44.38% 45.58% 46.82% 47.59% 48.60% 49.27% 49.60% 49.92% 49.92% 49.92%
Q1 - 2017 
19.46% 51.34% 54.93% 58.53% 60.18% 61.74% 62.15% 62.84% 63.83% 64.61% 65.22% 65.78% 65.97% 69.89% 71.38% 73.21% 73.50% 73.73%
Q2 - 2017 
14.58% 27.69% 36.96% 40.67% 43.34% 52.35% 56.28% 61.23% 62.37% 63.48% 64.12% 64.65% 64.96% 66.48% 66.75% 66.97% 67.13%
Q3 - 2017 
12.63% 28.92% 35.31% 55.36% 60.19% 61.46% 63.20% 64.67% 65.44% 65.97% 66.67% 66.93% 69.10% 69.30% 69.39% 69.39%
Q4 - 2017 
29.15% 41.54% 46.58% 53.43% 58.12% 61.28% 66.35% 67.40% 67.81% 67.96% 68.13% 69.61% 69.77% 69.84% 69.98%
Q1 - 2018 
24.18% 41.03% 55.74% 58.51% 62.65% 63.61% 66.84% 68.85% 69.29% 69.82% 70.20% 70.66% 70.90% 70.98%
Q2 - 2018 
31.12% 51.99% 54.78% 55.83% 56.61% 58.63% 59.45% 59.92% 60.27% 61.45% 61.78% 61.99% 62.14%
Q3 - 2018 
25.77% 51.26% 57.93% 63.02% 65.32% 68.11% 69.29% 71.43% 72.00% 72.52% 73.50% 73.77%
Q4 - 2018 
12.88% 31.90% 43.43% 48.42% 49.38% 50.32% 51.18% 52.03% 52.94% 53.79% 54.34%
Q1 - 2019 
17.43% 40.50% 46.45% 50.51% 58.92% 60.87% 64.00% 66.53% 68.58% 71.70%
Q2 - 2019 
25.19% 40.34% 43.49% 46.33% 48.91% 52.96% 56.16% 59.14% 61.39%
Q3 - 2019 
37.63% 48.69% 50.02% 50.86% 62.75% 63.70% 64.38% 65.64%
Q4 - 2019 
23.37% 50.13% 52.07% 59.33% 63.62% 65.79% 67.18%
Q1 - 2020 
13.16% 41.39% 46.02% 49.53% 56.22% 58.12%
Q2 - 2020 
14.42% 31.51% 42.89% 57.01% 59.28%
Q3 - 2020 
7.97% 21.53% 27.00% 58.66%
Q4 - 2020 
18.06% 44.20% 45.46%
Q1 - 2021 
5.41% 
9.32% 
Q2 - 2021 
5.18%

--- Page 210 ---
- 197 - 
Cumulative Recoveries (by %) – HP Used Vehicles 
Recovery Quarter (from quarter of default)
Quarter of 
default 
Q0 
Q1 
Q2 
Q3 
Q4 
Q5 
Q6 
Q7 
Q8 
Q9 
Q10 
Q11 
Q12 
Q13 
Q14 
Q15 
Q16 
Q17 
Q18 
Q19 
Q20 
Q21 
Q22 
Q23 
Q24 
Q1 - 2014 
1.99% 
7.57% 18.08% 23.72% 27.01% 32.78% 40.74% 47.76% 53.46% 57.07% 59.05% 62.30% 63.19% 64.27% 65.04% 65.53% 66.11% 66.87% 67.55% 68.24% 68.88% 69.49% 69.70% 69.79% 69.85%
Q2 - 2014 
1.85% 
6.15% 15.80% 23.09% 27.48% 31.43% 37.31% 41.96% 46.52% 48.96% 50.60% 53.63% 54.75% 55.78% 56.59% 57.57% 58.24% 58.73% 59.25% 59.61% 59.90% 60.13% 60.17% 60.17% 60.18%
Q3 - 2014 
2.16% 
7.73% 16.26% 25.52% 31.10% 38.10% 45.34% 48.47% 50.56% 54.91% 56.25% 57.59% 58.77% 59.38% 60.02% 60.47% 60.91% 61.20% 61.44% 61.58% 61.84% 61.89% 61.92% 61.94% 61.99%
Q4 - 2014 
2.55% 
4.60% 12.73% 21.76% 29.84% 34.55% 37.69% 41.22% 45.49% 47.04% 49.52% 50.81% 51.65% 52.67% 53.25% 53.60% 53.93% 54.30% 54.54% 54.72% 54.82% 54.87% 54.91% 54.98% 55.05%
Q1 - 2015 
2.46% 12.92% 19.25% 30.54% 36.39% 41.66% 45.90% 48.47% 50.35% 52.23% 53.37% 54.05% 54.48% 55.64% 55.81% 55.98% 56.11% 56.21% 56.36% 56.49% 56.58% 56.66% 56.81% 56.86% 56.90%
Q2 - 2015 
4.81% 14.96% 22.07% 37.96% 46.30% 51.03% 53.95% 56.99% 59.85% 61.23% 62.38% 63.00% 63.36% 63.71% 64.04% 64.34% 64.56% 64.74% 64.90% 64.96% 65.03% 65.05% 65.05% 65.05% 65.05%
Q3 - 2015 
5.24% 22.59% 28.63% 35.38% 40.32% 44.97% 48.01% 49.17% 50.26% 52.26% 54.04% 54.87% 55.40% 55.79% 56.17% 56.46% 56.68% 56.82% 56.87% 56.97% 57.09% 57.17% 57.22% 57.25%
Q4 - 2015 
12.96% 24.17% 30.51% 41.47% 48.54% 50.05% 52.93% 55.46% 57.51% 58.44% 59.09% 59.60% 60.22% 60.73% 60.95% 61.28% 61.51% 61.73% 62.81% 62.97% 63.02% 63.05% 63.08%
Q1 - 2016 
9.25% 24.73% 35.49% 43.95% 49.44% 53.85% 57.82% 61.11% 63.44% 65.44% 66.93% 68.18% 69.00% 69.95% 70.59% 71.01% 71.26% 71.63% 71.67% 71.86% 71.92% 71.95%
Q2 - 2016 
12.85% 23.54% 31.76% 41.47% 47.09% 51.05% 55.00% 58.72% 60.64% 63.38% 66.33% 67.30% 68.08% 68.60% 68.93% 69.20% 69.27% 69.44% 69.74% 69.85% 69.91%
Q3 - 2016 
18.02% 30.22% 40.46% 46.34% 49.91% 51.52% 53.78% 56.41% 58.00% 58.97% 59.94% 60.81% 61.42% 61.75% 62.05% 62.71% 62.91% 63.11% 63.32% 63.43%
Q4 - 2016 
22.13% 35.63% 39.47% 43.82% 46.60% 50.16% 52.71% 56.07% 57.38% 58.56% 60.95% 62.28% 63.03% 63.49% 64.11% 64.46% 64.81% 65.05% 65.17%
Q1 - 2017 
14.27% 29.41% 36.03% 41.99% 45.58% 48.72% 51.41% 53.27% 55.09% 57.20% 58.69% 59.68% 60.18% 60.58% 60.92% 61.24% 62.21% 62.36%
Q2 - 2017 
11.48% 22.53% 28.37% 33.65% 40.94% 44.76% 49.87% 52.61% 55.18% 57.85% 59.34% 61.21% 61.87% 62.28% 62.71% 62.98% 63.13%
Q3 - 2017 
7.94% 22.58% 31.17% 38.16% 43.67% 47.25% 50.85% 53.39% 57.36% 59.36% 61.22% 63.14% 64.03% 64.71% 66.37% 66.72%
Q4 - 2017 
6.85% 21.94% 31.78% 38.86% 43.50% 48.56% 53.18% 56.71% 59.98% 62.31% 64.18% 66.03% 66.74% 67.69% 68.33%
Q1 - 2018 
12.37% 25.09% 33.25% 40.17% 47.19% 53.04% 57.05% 59.85% 62.05% 63.88% 65.87% 67.38% 67.80% 68.04%
Q2 - 2018 
10.64% 29.93% 37.58% 43.94% 48.71% 52.04% 54.86% 57.58% 59.13% 61.11% 63.12% 64.84% 65.22%
Q3 - 2018 
17.25% 30.56% 39.29% 45.99% 52.90% 56.50% 58.73% 60.91% 63.72% 65.77% 67.69% 69.24%
Q4 - 2018 
18.03% 36.42% 41.95% 46.54% 50.49% 54.31% 56.40% 58.56% 60.52% 63.07% 64.48%
Q1 - 2019 
15.49% 33.09% 39.95% 43.46% 46.08% 49.01% 52.84% 56.03% 57.89% 59.61%
Q2 - 2019 
20.25% 36.57% 44.02% 49.50% 52.85% 57.74% 60.16% 62.43% 63.91%
Q3 - 2019 
21.81% 32.77% 41.19% 45.03% 48.57% 53.52% 57.09% 59.46%
Q4 - 2019 
17.15% 31.75% 39.02% 43.60% 48.82% 54.59% 56.64%
Q1 - 2020 
14.47% 26.58% 35.60% 40.91% 48.43% 51.78%
Q2 - 2020 
7.07% 23.90% 35.95% 45.92% 48.98%
Q3 - 2020 
8.89% 19.85% 33.23% 37.73%
Q4 - 2020 
8.42% 20.50% 26.53%
Q1 - 2021 
18.35% 28.12%
Q2 - 2021 
4.96%

--- Page 211 ---
- 198 - 
Delinquencies breakdown by days past due bucket 
Unpaids as % of total portfolio oustanding  
 Quarter  
 No. of Days Past Due  
 1-30  
 31-60  
 61-90  
 90+  
 Total Past Due  
 Q1 - 2018  
0.53% 
0.29% 
0.12% 
0.67% 
1.61% 
 Q2 - 2018  
0.44% 
0.23% 
0.13% 
0.72% 
1.53% 
 Q3 - 2018  
0.45% 
0.24% 
0.10% 
0.77% 
1.56% 
 Q4 - 2018  
0.52% 
0.20% 
0.10% 
0.72% 
1.53% 
 Q1 - 2019  
0.41% 
0.19% 
0.09% 
0.72% 
1.41% 
 Q2 - 2019  
0.50% 
0.20% 
0.09% 
0.72% 
1.51% 
 Q3 - 2019  
0.40% 
0.15% 
0.10% 
0.87% 
1.53% 
 Q4 - 2019  
0.42% 
0.13% 
0.06% 
0.74% 
1.36% 
 Q1 - 2020  
0.62% 
0.18% 
0.08% 
0.75% 
1.62% 
 Q2 - 2020  
1.00% 
0.52% 
0.56% 
1.01% 
3.09% 
 Q3 - 2020  
0.33% 
0.15% 
0.08% 
0.93% 
1.48% 
 Q4 - 2020  
0.34% 
0.13% 
0.07% 
0.78% 
1.31% 
 Q1 - 2021  
0.32% 
0.11% 
0.05% 
0.70% 
1.18% 
 Q2 - 2021  
0.28% 
0.12% 
0.06% 
0.62% 
1.07%

--- Page 212 ---
- 199 - 
Prepayments 
Prepayments in a current quarter compared to the outstanding balance of the portfolio in the same 
quarter 
Quarter 
Annualised 
Prepayment 
Rate 
 Q1 - 2014 
9.22% 
 Q2 - 2014 
2.74% 
 Q3 - 2014 
4.83% 
 Q4 - 2014 
9.76% 
 Q1 - 2015 
15.72% 
 Q2 - 2015 
14.87% 
 Q3 - 2015 
16.25% 
 Q4 - 2015 
14.42% 
 Q1 - 2016 
17.17% 
 Q2 - 2016 
16.70% 
 Q3 - 2016 
17.54% 
 Q4 - 2016 
15.13% 
 Q1 - 2017 
19.61% 
 Q2 - 2017 
15.79% 
 Q3 - 2017 
16.66% 
 Q4 - 2017 
15.12% 
 Q1 - 2018 
22.36% 
 Q2 - 2018 
19.67% 
 Q3 - 2018 
20.94% 
 Q4 - 2018 
18.82% 
 Q1 - 2019 
22.52% 
 Q2 - 2019 
19.39% 
 Q3 - 2019 
19.06% 
 Q4 - 2019 
16.53% 
 Q1 - 2020 
23.59% 
 Q2 - 2020 
13.26% 
 Q3 - 2020 
26.04% 
 Q4 - 2020 
18.01% 
 Q1 - 2021 
21.64% 
 Q2 - 2021 
21.08%

--- Page 213 ---
- 200 - 
ESTIMATED WEIGHTED AVERAGE LIFE OF NOTES AND ASSUMPTIONS 
The concept of "Weighted Average Life of the Notes" (the "WAL") refers to the expected average amount 
of time that will elapse from the Issue Date to the date of repayment of the Note Principal Amount 
Outstanding of the Notes to the Noteholders. 
The Weighted Average Life of the Notes will be influenced by, among other things, the actual rate of 
repayment of the Transferred Receivables. This rate of repayment may itself be influenced by economic, 
tax, legal, social and other factors such as changes in the value of the financed Vehicles or the level of 
Note Interest Rates from time to time. For example, if prevailing Note Interest Rates fall below the Note 
Interest Rates on the Transferred Receivables, then the Transferred Receivables are likely to be subject 
to higher prepayment rates than if prevailing Note Interest Rates remain at or above the Note Interest 
Rates on the Transferred Receivables. In addition, the Seller may not be able to originate sufficient 
Eligible Receivables during the Revolving Period to replace all of the Transferred Receivables having 
been prepaid. Conversely, a lower than the expected prepayment rate will result in the Weighted 
Average Life of the Notes being longer than as projected by the model in the base case scenario. 
The model used for the purpose of calculating estimates presented in this Base Prospectus employs 
one component, being an assumed constant per annum rate of prepayment (the "CPR"). 
The CPR is an assumed annual constant rate of payment of principal not anticipated by the scheduled 
amortisation of the Portfolio which, when applied monthly, results in the expected portfolio of the 
Transferred Receivables balance and allows to calculate the monthly prepayment. 
The model does not purport to be either an historical description of the prepayment experience, default 
experience, recovery experience or growth experience of any pool of loans nor a prediction of the 
expected rate of prepayment or of default or of recovery or of growth of any portfolio, including the 
portfolio of Transferred Receivables. 
The tables below were prepared based on the characteristics of the portfolio as of the Initial Cut-Off 
Date and the following additional assumptions (the "Modelling Assumptions"): 
(a) 
each repayment of principal under the Transferred Receivables takes place only on the 
scheduled Payment Dates; 
(b) 
the Payment Dates are assumed to be the 20th of each month; 
(c) 
the Transferred Receivables are fully performing and no delinquencies nor defaults 
occur; 
(d) 
the contractual amortisation schedule of the pool of Transferred Receivables as of 31 
August 2021 is as disclosed in the section "PORTFOLIO CHARACTERISTICS AND 
HISTORICAL DATA"; 
(e) 
the relative contractual amortisation schedule of each pool of additional Eligible 
Receivables transferred to the Issuer on each Payment Date of the Revolving Period 
has the same relative contractual amortisation schedule as that of 31 August 2021;  
(f) 
no Transferred Receivables are repurchased by the Seller; 
(g) 
the Class A Notes start to amortise on the Revolving Period Scheduled End Date and 
no Revolving Period Early Termination Event has occurred; 
(h) 
the Initial Issue Date is assumed to be on the 7 October 2021; 
(i) 
all amounts credited to the Revolving Account are applied to purchase additional Eligible 
Receivables, so the aggregate discounted balance of the Transferred Receivables 
remains equal to the aggregate discounted balance as of the Initial Issue Date during 
the Revolving Period;

--- Page 214 ---
- 201 - 
(j) 
the Clean Up call will be exercised; and 
(k) 
the WAL is estimated based on 30/360 day count fraction basis. 
The actual characteristics and performance of the Transferred Receivables are likely to differ from the 
assumptions used in constructing the tables set forth below. Those tables are purely indicative and 
provided only to give a general sense of how the principal cash flows might behave under varying 
scenario (e.g., it is not expected that the Transferred Receivables will prepay at a constant rate until 
maturity). Furthermore, it is not expected that all of the Transferred Receivables will prepay at the same 
rate, that the Transferred Receivables will be fully performing, or that the composition of the portfolio of 
Transferred Receivables will remain similar to the composition of the portfolio consisting of the Eligible 
Receivables existing as at the Initial Cut-Off Date. 
Any difference between such assumptions and the actual characteristics and performance of the 
Transferred Receivables will cause the Weighted Average Lives of the Notes to differ (which difference 
could be material) from the corresponding information in the tables. The approximate average lives and 
expected maturity dates of the Notes, based on the Modelling Assumptions, at the following assumed 
levels of CPR would be as follows: 
Weighted Average Life Table of the Class A Notes 
Class A Notes 
CPR (%) 
Weighted Average Life 
(in years)
0 
4.77 
5 
4.73 
10 
4.69 
15 
4.66 
20 
4.62 
25 
4.59 
Weighted Average Life Table of the Class B Notes 
Class B Notes 
CPR (%) 
Weighted Average Life 
(in years)
0 
6.13 
5 
6.10 
10 
6.03 
15 
5.96 
20 
5.92 
25 
5.85

--- Page 215 ---
- 202 - 
THE ISSUER 
1. 
INTRODUCTION
Cars Alliance UK Master Plc (the "Issuer") was incorporated in England and Wales under the 
Companies Act 2006 on 10 May 2021 (registered number 13384308) as a public company with 
limited liability under the Companies Act 2006 (as amended). The Issuer was established as a 
special purpose vehicle for the purposes of issuing the Notes. The registered office of the Issuer 
is 1 Bartholomew Lane, London, EC2N 2AX, United Kingdom, telephone +44 (0)20 7398 6300. 
The issued share capital of the Issuer is 50,000 ordinary shares of £1, of which one share is 
fully paid and 49,999 shares are quarter-paid, and all shares are held by Holdings. The Issuer 
is legally and beneficially owned and controlled directly by Holdings. The rights of Holdings as 
a shareholder in the Issuer are contained in the articles of association of the Issuer and the 
Issuer will be managed in accordance with those articles and with the provisions of Companies 
Act 2006, as amended. The Seller does not own directly or indirectly any of the share capital of 
Holdings or the Issuer. The Issuer has no subsidiaries. 
2. 
PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES
The Issuer is permitted, pursuant to the terms of its articles of association, inter alia, to issue 
the Notes and to acquire the Transferred Receivables and the Ancillary Rights. 
The Issuer has not engaged, since its incorporation, in any activities other than those incidental 
to its incorporation, the authorisation and issue of the Notes and of the other documents and 
matters referred to or contemplated in this Base Prospectus to which it is or will be a party and 
matters which are incidental or ancillary to the foregoing. 
There is no intention to accumulate surpluses in the Issuer (other than amounts standing to the 
credit of the General Reserve Account and recorded in the Issuer Profit Ledger). 
The Issuer will covenant to observe certain restrictions on its activities which are set out in 
Condition 3 (Covenants). 
3. 
DIRECTORS AND COMPANY SECRETARY
The directors of the Issuer and their respective business addresses and other principal activities 
are:  
Director  
Business address  
Principal activities outside the 
Issuer 
Intertrust 
Directors 
1 
Limited 
1 Bartholomew Lane, 
London, 
EC2N 
2AX, 
United Kingdom  
Corporate director 
Intertrust 
Directors 
2 
Limited 
1 Bartholomew Lane, 
London, 
EC2N 
2AX, 
United Kingdom  
Corporate director 
Paivi Helena Whitaker 
1 Bartholomew Lane, 
London, 
EC2N 
2AX, 
United Kingdom  
Director 
The company secretary of the Issuer is Intertrust Corporate Services Limited. 
As at the date hereof, the Issuer has no employees, non-executive directors or premises. 
The Directors of Intertrust Directors 1 Limited and Intertrust Directors 2 Limited and their 
business addresses and principal activities are as follows:

--- Page 216 ---
- 203 - 
Director  
Business address  
Principal activities 
Paivi Helena Whitaker 
1 Bartholomew Lane, 
London, 
EC2N 
2AX, 
United Kingdom  
Director 
Wenda 
Margaretha 
Adriaanse 
1 Bartholomew Lane, 
London, 
EC2N 
2AX, 
United Kingdom  
Director 
Ian Hancock 
1 Bartholomew Lane, 
London, 
EC2N 
2AX, 
United Kingdom  
Director 
Daniel Marc Richard Jaffe 
1 Bartholomew Lane, 
London, 
EC2N 
2AX, 
United Kingdom  
Director 
4. 
CAPITALISATION STATEMENT
The following table shows the capitalisation of the Issuer as at the date of this Base Prospectus: 
Share capital 
Authorised and issued: 
50,000 ordinary shares of £1 each, 49,999 issued and paid up as to £0.25 and one issued fully 
paid share. 
£12,500.75 paid. 
The accounting reference date of the Issuer is 31 December. 
The Notes will be obligations of the Issuer only and will not be guaranteed by, or be the responsibility of 
Seller or any other person or entity. It should be noted, in particular, that the Notes will not be obligations 
of, and will not be guaranteed by the Transaction Parties, the Arranger or any of their respective 
affiliates.

--- Page 217 ---
- 204 - 
HOLDINGS 
1. 
INTRODUCTION
Cars Alliance UK Master Holdings Limited ("Holdings") was incorporated in England and Wales 
under the Companies Act 2006 on 22 April 2021 (registered number 13352523) as a private 
company with limited liability under the Companies Act 2006 (as amended). The registered 
office of Holdings is at 1 Bartholomew Lane, London, EC2N 2AX, United Kingdom, telephone 
+44 (0)20 7398 6300. The share capital of Holdings is one ordinary share of £1 which is issued 
and is credited as fully paid. The entire issued share capital of Holdings is held on trust for 
discretionary purposes by Intertrust Corporate Services Limited under the terms of a declaration 
of trust dated 7 September 2021. 
2. 
PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES OF HOLDINGS   
Pursuant to the terms of its articles of association, Holdings is permitted, inter alia, to hold shares 
in the Issuer. Holdings has not engaged, since its incorporation, in any activities other than those 
incidental to its incorporation and those matters referred to or contemplated in this Base 
Prospectus and any matters which are incidental or ancillary to the foregoing. 
3. 
DIRECTORS AND COMPANY SECRETARY OF HOLDINGS
The directors of Holdings and their respective business addresses and other principal activities 
are: 
Director  
Business address  
Principal activities outside the 
Issuer 
Intertrust 
Directors 
1 
Limited 
1 Bartholomew Lane, 
London, 
EC2N 
2AX, 
United Kingdom  
Corporate director 
Intertrust 
Directors 
2 
Limited 
1 Bartholomew Lane, 
London, 
EC2N 
2AX, 
United Kingdom  
Corporate director 
Paivi Helena Whitaker 
1 Bartholomew Lane, 
London, 
EC2N 
2AX, 
United Kingdom  
Director 
The company secretary of Holdings is Intertrust Corporate Services Limited. 
As at the date hereof, Holdings has no employees, non-executive directors or premises. 
The Directors of Intertrust Directors 1 Limited and Intertrust Directors 2 Limited and their 
business addresses and principal activities are as described in the section "The Issuer" above.

--- Page 218 ---
- 205 - 
THE SELLER AND THE SERVICER
Company history 
RCI Financial Services Limited (“RCI FS”) is a limited liability company registered, incorporated and 
domiciled in England and Wales. The address of the company's registered office is Rivers Office Park, 
Denham Way, Maple Cross, Rickmansworth, WD3 9YS. 
RCI FS is authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority to undertake consumer credit 
activities and appears on the Financial Services Register under Firm Reference Number 312330. 
The Company is wholly owned by RCI Bank UK Limited which is itself wholly owned by RCI Banque 
SA, incorporated in France as part of the group headed by Renault SA. RCI Bank UK became the parent 
company following the acquisition of RCI FS on 6 March 2019, following it being granted it’s UK banking 
license,  from RCI Banque SA. There are many benefits to RCI FS as a result of this change in structure 
in becoming a subsidiary of a UK bank. It now falls under the governance umbrella of the UK bank, 
including the Board Risk and Audit Committees and Internal Audit function which evaluate the key risks 
and uncertainties of both RCI Bank UK and RCI FS. As part of the consolidated RCI UK group RCI FS 
now also falls under the oversight of the Prudential Regulation Authority (the “PRA”). 
RCI FS supports Renault and Nissan (the “Alliance”) in the distribution of their new vehicles in the UK 
by providing financing options to retail and business customers for the purchase of Renault, Dacia, 
Alpine, and Nissan vehicles, mainly through their dealer network. The retail product range includes hire 
purchase, personal contract purchase (PCP), contract hire as well as other car and loan-related 
services. RCI FS also supports the Alliance brand dealers across over 300 dealer sites around the UK 
by financing inventories of new vehicles, used vehicles and spare parts. 
Company overview 
As at 31 December 2020, the funding resources mainly consist of term loans granted by the parent 
company RCI Bank UK (£2.55 billion) and funding through a private securitisation transaction (£800m). 
RCI Bank UK raises deposits from private individuals at varying terms from on demand to 5 years (circa 
£3bn). RCI FS also has had a private Securitisation in place since 2009 enabling it to diversify its funding 
sources. RCI FS also had £106m of share capital and £247m of retained earnings on its balance sheet 
as at 31 December 2020. 
As at 31 December 2020, the level of commercial assets that include the loans and advances to 
customers (including HP and PCP products), battery leases and other operating leases assets 
originated by RCI FS reached £3.685 million. During 2020, RCI FS financed a total 100,663 new and 
used vehicle contracts corresponding to new financings of £1.361 million. 
Operations 
RCI FS is well experienced, with significant expertise in the origination and servicing of loans which are 
of a similar nature to any Transferred Receivable. As a result of its long-standing operations, a risk 
management framework is embedded within RCI FS which provides support for a range of well-
documented policies and procedures, controlled via a Risk and Control Self-Assessment framework. 
A description on some of the key sections of the business can be found below. 
Origination/Underwriting 
• 
99.9% of proposals are received via an online Web Service transmitted by Alliance dealers 
• 
Proposals pass through a credit scoring system allowing for a monitored level of auto-
acceptance. 
• 
Scoring system uses pre-defined criteria and policy rules in addition to external credit reference 
agency data. 
• 
Referrals are handled by a team of experienced underwriters who work to monetary approval 
limits. 
• 
Where electronic signatures are not used, documents are printed, signed and scanned into the 
system. 
• 
All dealer funding is manually underwritten by an experienced team of underwriters supported 
by a bespoke RCI business scorecard.

--- Page 219 ---
- 206 - 
Customer Services 
• 
A team available to respond to customer enquiries by telephone or email. 
• 
Dedicated team deals with all aspects of returning vehicles whether this is PCP agreements 
reaching maturity or a Voluntary Termination Event. 
• 
A customer solutions department is responsible for ensuring that those agreements which fall 
into arrears are identified immediately and that the customer is made aware that the arrears are 
outstanding. 
Sales and Marketing 
• 
Sales team promotes a range of finance products and services for new retail, fleet and Used 
Vehicles and the active development of strong commercial relationships with the network 
partners, to increase and maintain network loyalty to RCI. 
• 
Sales team also handles the development and deployment of a comprehensive dealer network 
training programme to build basic & specialist skill sets and ensure regulatory compliance. 
• 
The marketing team handles sales promotion for Renault and Nissan through the development 
of market-oriented products, terms and conditions, as well as campaigns in continuous dialogue 
with the manufacturers. 
• 
Sales also conduct studies of end customers and dealers, seeking to develop further products 
and services. 
The following areas are shared across RCI FS and its parent RCI Bank UK: 
Risk Management 
• 
Primary objective to ensure that the outcome of risk-taking activity is consistent with the 
strategies and risk appetite and, as per regulatory guidance, appropriate for the level and type 
of risks that RCI UK takes. 
• 
Incorporated within an Enterprise Risk Management Framework (ERMF) setting out the 
methods of managing risks. 
• 
The UK operations operate under a “Three Lines of Defence” model, with a dedicated second 
line Risk Management Department overseeing the framework. 
• 
Good governance is a core principal for RCI in the UK which adheres to the various governance 
standards and has a strong board which includes 3 experienced non-executive directors.. 
• 
The third line (Internal Audit) is outsourced under contract to Grant Thornton. 
Finance 
• 
Consists of a Financial Reporting, Financial Controlling and Treasury and ALM team. 
• 
Further teams focus on Deposit Savings and Regulatory Reporting.

--- Page 220 ---
- 207 - 
THE NOTE TRUSTEE AND SECURITY TRUSTEE 
No later than the Initial Issue Date the Issuer will appoint HSBC Corporate Trustee Company (UK) 
Limited as the Note Trustee and the Security Trustee. 
HSBC Corporate Trustee Company (UK) Limited was incorporated with limited liability in England and 
Wales on 7th December, 2007, with a company number 6447555. Its fully paid share capital totals 
£100,000. Its ultimate holding company is HSBC Holdings PLC, which is incorporated in England.  
The information in the preceding paragraph has been provided by HSBC Corporate Trustee Company 
(UK) Limited for use in this Base Prospectus and HSBC Corporate Trustee Company (UK) Limited is 
solely responsible for the accuracy of the preceding paragraph, provided that, with respect to any 
information included herein and specified to be sourced from HSBC Corporate Trustee Company (UK) 
Limited (i) the Issuer confirms that any such information has been accurately reproduced and as far as 
the Issuer is aware and is able to ascertain from the above information available to it from HSBC 
Corporate Trustee Company (UK) Limited, no facts have been omitted, the omission would render the 
reproduced information inaccurate or misleading and (ii) the Issuer has not independently verified any 
such information and accepts no responsibility for the accuracy hereof. Except for the foregoing 
paragraph, HSBC Corporate Trustee Company (UK) Limited, in its capacity as Note Trustee and as 
Security Trustee and its affiliates have not been involved in the preparation of and does not accept 
responsibility for, this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 221 ---
- 208 - 
THE CORPORATE SERVICES PROVIDER 
Pursuant to the Corporate Services Agreement, the Issuer and Holdings have appointed Intertrust 
Management Limited as corporate services provider (the "Corporate Services Provider") to provide 
management, secretarial and administrative services to each of them, including the provision of 
directors. It is not in any manner associated with RCI Financial Services Ltd. 
Intertrust Management Limited has served and is currently serving as corporate services provider for 
numerous securitisation transactions and programmes.
The information in the preceding paragraph has been provided by Intertrust Management Limited for 
use in this Base Prospectus and Intertrust Management Limited is solely responsible for the accuracy 
of the preceding paragraph, provided that, with respect to any information included herein and specified 
to be sourced from the Corporate Services Provider (i) the Issuer confirms that any such information 
has been accurately reproduced and as far as the Issuer is aware and is able to ascertain from the 
above information available to it from the Corporate Services Provider, no facts have been omitted, the 
omission would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading and (ii) the Issuer has not 
independently verified any such information and accepts no responsibility for the accuracy hereof. 
Except for the preceding paragraph, Intertrust Management Limited in its capacity as Corporate Services 
Provider, and its affiliates have not been involved in the preparation of, and does not accept 
responsibility for, this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 222 ---
- 209 - 
THE ACCOUNT BANK
No later than the Initial Issue Date, the Issuer will appoint Lloyds Bank plc ("Lloyds Bank") as Account 
Bank. See "OVERVIEW OF THE PRINCIPAL TRANSACTION DOCUMENTS — Bank Account 
Agreement”. 
Lloyds Bank was incorporated under the laws of England and Wales on April 20, 1865 (registration 
number 2065). Lloyds Bank's registered office is at 25 Gresham Street, London EC2V 7HN, United 
Kingdom. Lloyds Bank is authorised by the Prudential Regulation Authority (“PRA”) and regulated by 
the Financial Conduct Authority (“FCA”) and the PRA. Lloyds Bank (together with its subsidiary and 
associated undertakings, "Lloyds Bank Group") is a wholly owned subsidiary of Lloyds Banking Group 
plc. 
Lloyds Bank Group provides a wide range of banking and financial services in the UK and in certain 
locations overseas. As at 30 June 2021, Lloyds Bank Group’s activities were organised into two financial 
reporting segments: Retail and Commercial Banking.  
Retail offers a broad range of financial service products, including current accounts, savings, mortgages, 
motor finance and unsecured consumer lending to personal and small business customers.  
Commercial Banking provides clients with a range of products and services such as lending, transaction 
banking, working capital management, risk management and debt capital markets services to SMEs, 
corporates and financial institutions. 
Additional information on Lloyds Bank Group is available from Investor Relations, Lloyds Banking Group, 
25 Gresham Street, London EC2V 7HN or from the following internet website address: 
http://www.lloydsbankinggroup.com. The information on this website does not form part of this Base 
Prospectus.  
The information in the preceding five paragraphs has been provided by Lloyds Bank for use in this Base 
Prospectus and Lloyds Bank is solely responsible for the accuracy of the preceding five paragraphs, 
provided that, with respect to any information included herein and specified to be sourced from Lloyds 
Bank (i) the Issuer confirms that any such information has been accurately reproduced and as far as the 
Issuer is aware and is able to ascertain from the above information available to it from Lloyds Bank no 
facts have been omitted, the omission would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading 
and (ii) the Issuer has not independently verified any such information and accepts no responsibility for 
the accuracy hereof. Except for the preceding five paragraphs, Lloyds Bank, in its capacity as Account 
Bank has not been involved in the preparation of and does not accept responsibility for, this Base 
Prospectus.

--- Page 223 ---
- 210 - 
THE REGISTRAR AND PAYING AGENT 
No later than the Initial Issue Date, the Issuer will appoint HSBC Bank plc as Registrar and Paying 
Agent. See "OVERVIEW OF THE PRINCIPAL TRANSACTION DOCUMENTS — Agency Agreement". 
HSBC Bank plc and its subsidiaries form a group providing a range of banking products and services. 
HSBC Bank plc (formerly Midland Bank plc) was formed in England in 1836 and subsequently 
incorporated as a company limited by shares in 1880.  In 1923, the company adopted the name Midland 
Bank Limited, which it held until 1982 when it re-registered as a public limited company and changed its 
name to Midland Bank plc. In 1992, Midland Bank plc became a wholly owned subsidiary undertaking 
of HSBC Holdings plc, whose Group Head Office is at 8 Canada Square, London E14 5HQ.  HSBC 
Bank plc adopted its current name, changing from Midland Bank plc, in 1999. 
HSBC Holdings plc, the parent company of the HSBC Group, is headquartered in London. As at the 
date of this Prospectus, the HSBC Group serves customers worldwide across 64 countries and 
territories. With assets of $2,976 billion at 30 June 2021, HSBC is one of the world’s largest banking 
and financial services organisations.  
The short term senior unsecured and unguaranteed obligations of HSBC Bank plc are, as at the date of 
this Prospectus, rated P-1 by Moody's and A-1 by Standard & Poor's and HSBC Bank plc has a short 
term issuer default rating of F1+ from Fitch. The long term senior unsecured and unguaranteed 
obligations of HSBC Bank plc are rated A1 by Moody's and A+ by Standard & Poor's and HSBC Bank 
plc has a long term issuer default rating of AA- from Fitch. 
HSBC Bank plc is authorised by the Prudential Regulation Authority and regulated by the Financial 
Conduct Authority and the Prudential Regulation Authority.  HSBC Bank plc's principal place of business 
in the United Kingdom is 8 Canada Square, London E14 5HQ. 
The information in the preceding five paragraphs has been provided by HSBC Bank plc for use in this 
Base Prospectus and HSBC Bank plc is solely responsible for the accuracy of the preceding five 
paragraphs, provided that, with respect to any information included herein and specified to be sourced 
from HSBC Bank plc (i) the Issuer confirms that any such information has been accurately reproduced 
and as far as the Issuer is aware and is able to ascertain from the above information available to it from 
HSBC Bank plc no facts have been omitted, the omission would render the reproduced information 
inaccurate or misleading and (ii) the Issuer has not independently verified any such information and 
accepts no responsibility for the accuracy hereof. Except for the preceding five paragraphs, HSBC Bank 
plc, in its capacity as Registrar and Paying Agent has not been involved in the preparation of and does 
not accept responsibility for, this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 224 ---
- 211 - 
THE CASH MANAGER 
No later than the Initial Issue Date, the Issuer will appoint Eurotitrisation S.A. as Cash Manager. See 
"OVERVIEW OF THE PRINCIPAL TRANSACTION DOCUMENTS — Cash Management Agreement". 
Eurotitrisation, a French société anonyme, whose registered office is located at Immeuble Le 
Spallis, 12 rue James Watt, 93200 Saint-Denis, France, registered with the Trade and Companies 
Registry (Registre du commerce et des sociétés) of Bobigny (France) under number 352 458 368, 
licensed and supervised by the Autorité des Marchés Financiers as a société de gestion de 
portefeuille (portfolio management company) under number GP 14000029, has served and is 
currently serving as cash manager for numerous securitisation transactions and programmes. 
The information in the preceding paragraph has been provided by Eurotitrisation S.A for use in this Base 
Prospectus and Eurotitrisation S.A is solely responsible for the accuracy of the preceding paragraph, 
provided that, with respect to any information included herein and specified to be sourced from 
Eurotitrisation S.A (i) the Issuer confirms that any such information has been accurately reproduced and 
as far as the Issuer is aware and is able to ascertain from the above information available to it from 
Eurotitrisation S.A no facts have been omitted, the omission would render the reproduced information 
inaccurate or misleading and (ii) the Issuer has not independently verified any such information and 
accepts no responsibility for the accuracy hereof. Except for the preceding paragraph, Eurotitrisation 
S.A, in its capacity as Cash Manager has not been involved in the preparation of and does not accept 
responsibility for, this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 225 ---
- 212 - 
TAXATION 
The following information is a general discussion only of the United Kingdom withholding tax treatment 
of payments of interest (as that term is understood for United Kingdom Tax purposes) in respect of the 
Notes. This discussion does not consider any specific facts or circumstances that may apply to a 
particular holder or prospective holder. This overview is based on the laws of England and Wales and 
published HM Revenue and Customs practice currently in force and as applied at the date of this Base 
Prospectus, which are subject to change, possibly with retroactive or retrospective effect.  
The following information is not intended as tax or legal advice and the comments below are of a general 
nature only. It should be read in conjunction with the section entitled "RISK FACTORS". Potential 
investors in the Notes are urged to satisfy themselves as to the overall tax consequences of purchasing, 
holding and/or selling the Notes and, therefore, to consult their professional tax advisors. 
Withholding tax on the Notes 
Interest on the Class A Notes will be payable without withholding or deduction for or on account of United 
Kingdom income tax provided that the Class A Notes are and remain listed on a "recognised stock 
exchange" within the meaning of section 1005 of the Income Tax Act 2007 or the "Income Tax Act".  
Euronext Dublin is currently so recognised and provided that the Class A Notes are and remain officially 
listed in the Republic of Ireland in accordance with provisions corresponding to those generally 
applicable in EEA states, are admitted to trading on the main market of Euronext Dublin and Euronext 
Dublin continues to be a "recognised stock exchange" for the purposes of section 1005 of the Income 
Tax Act, the interest on the Class A Notes will be payable without withholding or deduction for or on 
account of United Kingdom income tax. 
If the Class A Notes cease to be listed on a "recognised stock exchange", an amount must be withheld 
for or on account of United Kingdom income tax at the basic rate, currently 20%, from interest paid on 
them, subject to (i) any direction to the contrary from HM Revenue and Customs in respect of such relief 
as may be available pursuant to the provisions of an applicable double taxation treaty, or (ii) certain 
other exceptions including the interest being paid to the persons (including companies within the charge 
to United Kingdom corporation tax) and in the circumstances stated in sections 930 to 938 of the Income 
Tax Act and, potentially, under section 888A of the Income Tax Act and the Qualifying Private Placement 
Regulations 2015.. 
Interest on the Class B Notes will be payable with withholding or deduction for or on account of United 
Kingdom income tax subject to (i) any direction to the contrary from HM Revenue and Customs in 
respect of such relief as may be available pursuant to the provisions of an applicable double taxation 
treaty, or (ii) certain other exceptions including the interest being paid to the persons (including 
companies within the charge to United Kingdom corporation tax) and in the circumstances stated in 
sections 930 to 938 of the Income Tax Act and, potentially, under section 888A of the Income Tax Act 
and the Qualifying Private Placement Regulations 2015. 
In the event any such withholding or deduction would be required for payments on the Notes, under the 
terms and conditions of the Notes no person will be required to pay additional amounts as a result of 
the withholding or deduction. 
U.S. Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as FATCA, 
a "foreign financial institution" may be required to withhold on certain payments it makes ("foreign 
passthru payments") to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting or related requirements. 
The Issuer may be a foreign financial institution for these purposes. 
A number of jurisdictions (including the United Kingdom) have entered into, or agreed in substance to, 
intergovernmental agreements with the United States to implement FATCA ("IGAs"), which modify the 
way in which FATCA applies in their jurisdictions. Under the provisions of the IGAs as currently in effect,

--- Page 226 ---
- 213 - 
a foreign financial institution in an IGA jurisdiction would generally not be required to withhold under 
FATCA or an IGA from payments that it makes. 
Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to instruments such as the Notes, 
including whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to 
payments on instruments such as the Notes, are uncertain and may be subject to change. Even if 
withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments 
such as the Notes, such withholding would not apply prior to the date that is two years after the date on 
which final regulations defining "foreign passthru payments" are published in the U.S. Federal Register, 
and Notes characterised as debt (or which are not otherwise characterised as equity and have a fixed 
term) for U.S. federal tax purposes that are issued on or prior to the date that is six months after the 
date on which final regulations defining "foreign passthru payments" are filed with the U.S. Federal 
Register generally would be "grandfathered" for the purposes of FATCA withholding unless materially 
modified after such date (including by reason of a substitution of the Issuer). In the event any withholding 
would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on the Notes, no person will 
be required to pay additional amounts as a result of the withholding. However, if additional Notes that 
are not distinguishable from previously issued Notes are issued after the expiration of the grandfathering 
period and are subject to withholding under FATCA, then withholding agents may treat all Notes, 
including the Notes offered prior to the expiration of the grandfathering period, as subject to withholding 
under FATCA. 
Noteholders should consult their own tax advisers in relation to the way in which these rules may apply 
to their investment in the Notes.

--- Page 227 ---
- 214 - 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Subscription and Sale 
Each of Note Purchasers has entered into the Note Purchase Agreement with the Issuer. Each Note 
Purchaser has agreed to comply with the selling restrictions set out below.  
The issuance of the Notes is not designed to comply with the U.S. Risk Retention Rules other than the 
exemption under Section _.20 of the U.S. Risk Retention Rules. "U.S. Risk Retention Rules" means 
Regulation RR (17 C.F.R Part 246) implementing the risk retention requirements of Section 15G of the 
U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, adopted pursuant to the requirements of Section 
941 of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act. 
The Notes at all times may not, without the prior consent of the Seller, be purchased by any person 
except for persons that are not "U.S. persons" as defined in the U.S. Risk Retention Rules ("Risk 
Retention U.S. Persons"). Prospective investors should note that the definition of "U.S. person" in the 
U.S. Risk Retention Rules is substantially similar to, but not identical to, the definition of "U.S. person" 
in Regulation S.  
Each purchaser of Notes, including beneficial interests therein, will be deemed, and in certain 
circumstances will be required, to represent and agree that: (1) it is not a Risk Retention U.S. Person 
(2) it is acquiring such Note or a beneficial interest therein for its own account and not with a view to 
distribute such Note; and (3) it is not acquiring such Note or a beneficial interest therein as part of a 
scheme to evade the requirements of the U.S. Risk Retention Rules. 
The Notes may not be sold to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except (i) pursuant to an 
exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to the registration requirements of, the Securities Act and 
(ii) in accordance with an exemption from the U.S. Risk Retention Rules. 
Selling Restrictions 
General 
All applicable laws and regulations must be observed in any jurisdiction in which the Notes may be 
offered, sold or delivered, to the best of each Note Purchaser's' knowledge and belief (subject that each 
Note Purchaser shall have no liability to the Issuer or RCI Financial Services Ltd in respect of any non-
observance of the U.S. Risk Retention Rules by the Issuer or RCI Financial Services Ltd or any other 
person). Each Note Purchaser has agreed that it will not, directly or indirectly, offer, sell or deliver any 
of the Notes or distribute the Base Prospectus or any other offering material relating to the Notes, in or 
from any jurisdiction except under circumstances that will result in compliance with the applicable laws 
and regulations of such jurisdiction, to the best of each Note Purchaser's knowledge and belief, and that 
it will not impose any obligations on the Issuer except as set out in the Note Purchase Agreement. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Note Purchasers will not have any liability to the Issuer or the Seller 
for compliance with the U.S. Risk Retention Rules by the Issuer or the Seller or any other person except 
to the extent as set out in the Note Purchase Agreement.  
United States of America and its Territories 
Each Note Purchaser has represented and agreed, and each further Note Purchaser appointed under 
the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that: 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended 
(the "Securities Act") or any U.S. state securities law. The Class A Notes may not be offered, or sold 
or delivered within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except pursuant 
to an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities 
Act and applicable state or local securities laws and under circumstances designed to preclude the 
Issuer from having to register under the Investment Company Act. Each of the Note Purchasers 
represents and agrees that it has not offered or sold or delivered the Class A Notes, and will not offer or

--- Page 228 ---
- 215 - 
sell the Class A Notes (i) as part of its distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until forty (40) calendar 
days after the later of (a) the date the Class A Notes are first offered to Persons other than distributors 
in reliance on Regulation S and (b) the Further Issue Date, except, in either case, only in accordance 
with Rule 903 or Rule 904 of Regulation S under the Securities Act. Neither the Note Purchasers nor 
their respective affiliates (as defined in Rule 501(b) of Regulation D under the Securities Act) nor any 
Persons acting on their behalf have engaged or will engage in any directed selling efforts with respect 
to the Class A Notes, and they have complied and will comply with the offering restrictions requirements 
of Regulation S under the Securities Act. At or prior to confirmation of sale of Class A Notes, the 
respective Note Purchaser or any other person acting as distributor will have sent to each distributor, 
dealer or person receiving a selling concession, fee or other remuneration that purchases Class A Notes 
from them during the distribution compliance period (as defined in Regulation S) a confirmation or notice 
to substantially the following effect:  
"The Securities covered hereby have not been registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as 
amended (the "Securities Act"), and may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the 
account or benefit of, U.S. persons (i) as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until forty 
(40) calendar days after the later of (a) the date the Notes are first offered to Persons other than 
distributors in reliance on Regulation S and (b) the Initial Issue Date, except in either case, in accordance 
with Regulation S under the Securities Act. Terms used above have the meaning given to them in 
Regulation S under the Securities Act". 
Terms used in this section have the meaning given to them in Regulation S under the Securities Act and 
as used in this paragraph "U.S. Person" means a U.S. person within the meaning of Regulation S. 
The Class A Notes may not be offered, or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit 
of, U.S. Persons except pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to the registration 
requirements of, the Securities Act. 
Each of the Note Purchasers represents and agrees that it has not offered or sold or delivered the Class 
B Notes, and will not offer or sell the Class B Notes in the United States or to U.S. Persons. 
United Kingdom 
Each Note Purchaser has represented and agreed, and each further Note Purchaser appointed under 
the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause 
to be communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the 
meaning of section 21 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the "FSMA")) received 
by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in circumstances in which section 21(1) 
of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and 
(b) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to 
anything done by it in relation to the Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom. 
Republic of France 
Each Note Purchaser has represented and agreed, and each further Note Purchaser appointed under 
the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that (i) it has only offered, sold or otherwise 
transferred and will only offer, sell or otherwise transfer, directly or indirectly, the Notes to the public in 
the Republic of France pursuant to an exemption under Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation and 
that such offers, sales and transfers in France have been and will be made only to qualified investors 
(investisseurs qualifiés) (with the exception of individuals) as defined in Article 2(e) of the Prospectus 
Regulation and Article L. 411-2 1° of the French Monetary and Financial Code and that (ii) it has not 
distributed or caused to be distributed and will not distribute or cause to be distributed to the public in 
France, this Base Prospectus or any other offering material relating to the Notes other than to investors 
to whom offers and sales of Notes in France may be made as described above.

--- Page 229 ---
- 216 - 
Germany
Each Note Purchaser has represented and agreed, and each further Note Purchaser appointed under 
the Programme will be required to represent and agree that the Notes have not been and will not be 
offered or sold or publicly promoted or advertised by it in Germany other than in compliance with the 
provisions of the German Asset Investment Act (Vermögensanlagengesetz), or of any other laws 
applicable in Germany governing the issue, offering and sale of securities. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Each Note Purchaser has represented and agreed, and each further Note Purchaser appointed under 
the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it will not offer, sell or otherwise make 
available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as 
completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the European Economic Area. 
For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended, "MiFID II"); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU (the "Insurance Distribution 
Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined 
in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "Prospectus 
Regulation"); and 
(b) 
the expression "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to 
decide to purchase or subscribe the Notes. 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors 
Each Note Purchaser has represented and agreed, and each further Note Purchaser appointed under 
the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it will not offer, sell or otherwise make 
available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as 
completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the United Kingdom. For the 
purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it 
forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or 
regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) 
of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom 
by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms 
part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the EUWA; and 
(b) 
the expression "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to 
decide to purchase or subscribe the Notes.

--- Page 230 ---
- 217 - 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The aggregate gross proceeds from the issue of the Notes will be used to purchase the First Transferred 
Receivables from RCI Financial Services Ltd, against payment of the Initial Purchase Price.  
The aggregate gross proceeds from the issuance of any Further Notes during the Revolving Period and 
will be used to finance the purchase by the Issuer of Additional Receivables arising against Obligors 
under Finance Agreements for the acquisition of Vehicles granted to such Obligors by RCI Financial 
Services Ltd pursuant to the terms and under the conditions of the Master Receivables Transfer 
Agreement and/or for the redemption of existing Series of Notes in accordance with the terms and 
conditions of the Notes.

--- Page 231 ---
- 218 - 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
1. Subject of this Base Prospectus 
The Programme is a GBP 1,600,000,000 Programme for the issuance of Notes under which the 
Issuer may from time to time issue asset backed floating rate notes denominated in GBP (subject 
always to compliance with all legal and/or regulatory requirements). The applicable terms to any 
Notes will be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant purchaser prior to the issue of the Notes 
and will be set out in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes attached to, or incorporated by reference 
into, the relevant Global Note or Definitive Note (as applicable) representing such Notes, as 
completed by the applicable Final Terms attached to, or incorporated by reference into, such Global 
Note or Definitive Note (as applicable). 
The registered office of the Issuer is 1 Bartholomew Lane, London, EC2N 2AX, United Kingdom. 
2. Authorisation 
The issue of the Notes to be issued under the Programme on the Initial Issue Date was authorised 
by a resolution of the board of directors of Cars Alliance Master UK Plc, passed on 27 September 
2021. 
3. Litigation 
The Issuer is not, or has not been since its incorporation, or – during the period covering at least 
the previous 12 months – has not been, engaged in any governmental, legal or arbitration 
proceedings which may have or have had during such period a significant effect on their respective 
financial position or profitability, and, as far as the Issuer is aware, no such governmental, legal or 
arbitration proceedings are pending or threatened, respectively. 
4. Payment information and post-issuance information 
Subject to paragraph 9 (Reporting) below, the Issuer does not intend to provide any post-issuance 
transaction information regarding the Notes to be admitted to trading on the regulated market of 
Euronext Dublin and the performance of the underlying Transferred Receivables, except if required 
by any applicable laws and regulations. 
For as long as the Class A Notes are admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin, 
the Issuer will inform Euronext Dublin of the Class A Note Interest Amounts, in each case in the 
manner described in the Conditions. 
Payments and transfers of the Notes will be settled through Clearstream, Luxembourg and 
Euroclear, as described herein. The Notes have been accepted for clearing by Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and Euroclear. 
The Seller, in its role as Servicer, will, on behalf of the Issuer, for as long as the Class A Notes or (if 
possible in accordance with the Bank of England eligibility criteria in force from time to time) any 
other Class of Notes otherwise satisfy the Bank of England eligibility criteria, make loan level data 
available in such a manner as required to comply with the Bank of England eligibility criteria and 
transparency criteria for asset backed securities (as set out in the Detailed Information 
Transparency for Asset-Backed Securities for Auto-loan ABS of 11 October 2019 as amended and 
applicable from time to time). 
5. Material adverse change 
There has been no material adverse change in the financial position or prospects of the Issuer since 
its incorporation.

--- Page 232 ---
- 219 - 
6. Miscellaneous 
Since the date of its incorporation the Issuer has not commenced operations and as at the date 
hereof, no statutory or non-statutory accounts in respect of any fiscal year of the Issuer have been 
prepared. The Issuer will not publish interim accounts. The current financial period of the Issuer will 
end on 31 December 2021. 
7. Publication of documents 
This Base Prospectus will be made available to the public by publication in electronic form on the 
website of Euronext Dublin (www.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin). 
8. Listing and admission to trading 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Central Bank of Ireland, as competent authority 
under the Prospectus Regulation. Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for the Notes 
issued under the Programme to be admitted to the Official List of Euronext Dublin and to trading on 
its regulated market, subject only to the issue of the Notes.  
The estimated aggregate cost of the foregoing applications for admission to the Official List of 
Euronext Dublin and admission to trading on its regulated market is approximately €8,940.   
The Issuer has appointed McCann FitzGerald Listing Services Limited as Irish Listing Agent for 
Euronext Dublin. Prior to the listing of the Class A Notes, the constitutional documents of the Issuer 
and legal notices relating to the issue of the Notes will be registered with the Registrar of Companies 
where such documents are available for inspection and copies of these documents may be obtained, 
free of charge, upon request. McCann FitzGerald Listing Services Limited is acting solely in its 
capacity as Irish Listing Agent for the Issuer in connection with the Notes and is not itself seeking 
admission of the Notes to the Official List of Euronext Dublin or to trading on its regulated market 
for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. 
From the date of this Base Prospectus and including for so long as the Class A Notes are admitted 
to the Official List of Euronext Dublin and to trading on its regulated market, copies of the following 
documents may be inspected in physical form or in electronic form at the registered office of the 
Issuer during usual business hours, on any weekday (public holidays excepted) or made available 
on the website of European DataWarehouse (UK portal) at https://editor.eurodw.co.uk/home and by 
means of European DataWarehouse as securitisation repository:  
(i)  
the articles of incorporation of the Issuer; 
(ii)  
the resolutions of the board of directors of the Issuer approving the issue of the Notes; 
(iii)  
the Investor Reports; 
(iv)  
all notices given to the Noteholders pursuant to the Conditions; and 
(v) 
this Base Prospectus and all Transaction Documents referred to in this Base 
Prospectus. 
For the avoidance of doubt, none of the websites and their contents form part of this Base 
Prospectus. 
9. Reporting 
Please see the section entitled "RISK RETENTION AND SECURITISATION REGULATIONS 
REPORTING" for information in relation to the reporting to be provided by, or on behalf of, the Seller 
(in its capacity as reporting entity for the purposes of Article 7(2) of the UK Securitisation Regulation 
and Article 7(2) of the EU Securitisation Regulation).

--- Page 233 ---
- 220 - 
10. Securitisation Repository 
The Seller shall procure that the Cash Manager makes the information required under the UK 
Securitisation Regulation and the EU Securitisation Regulation available to the Noteholders, the 
competent authorities and, upon request, to potential noteholders by means of a securitisation 
repository or (where no securitisation repository is registered in accordance with Article 10 of the 
UK Securitisation Regulation and Article 10 of the EU Securitisation Regulation) by means of a 
website which conforms to the requirements set out in Article 7(2) of the UK Securitisation 
Regulation and Article 7(2) of the EU Securitisation Regulation. As at the Initial Issue Date, the Cash 
Manager (on behalf of the Seller) shall make available (i) the information required under the UK 
Securitisation Regulation by means of the website of European DataWarehouse (UK portal) at 
https://editor.eurodw.co.uk/home and (ii) the information required under the EU Securitisation 
Regulation by means of European DataWarehouse as securitisation repository.   
11. LEI 
The Issuer's Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) is 213800LZLB6DYOC9O996. 
12. ICSDs 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV 
1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II 
B-1210 Brussels 
Belgium 
Clearstream Banking S.A. 
42 Avenue JF Kennedy 
L-1885 Luxembourg 
13. Miscellaneous 
No website referred to herein forms part of this Base Prospectus. 
The language of the Base Prospectus is English.

--- Page 234 ---
- 221 - 
GLOSSARY OF TERMS 
"Account Bank" means Lloyds Bank plc or any successor thereof or any other Person appointed as 
replacement Account Bank from time to time in accordance with the Bank Account Agreement. 
"Acquisition Price" means the price paid by the Seller in order to acquire the related Vehicle on or 
before the Finance Agreement Effective Date. 
"Actual/365" means the actual number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365. 
"Additional Account" means any account opened in the name of the Issuer from time to time (whether 
a new account or a replacement or supplement for any existing Issuer Account) other than the General 
Collection Account and the General Reserve Account. 
"Additional Receivables Offer" means an offer from the Seller to sell to the Issuer additional Eligible 
Receivables in the form set out in Schedule 3 (Form of Additional Receivables Offer) to the Master 
Receivables Transfer Agreement. 
"Additional Receivables Offer IT Files" means the data entries in the Servicing Report relating to the 
Receivables which are referred to in the Servicing Report as being "eligible" thereby denoting such 
Receivables as the additional Receivables the Seller proposes to sell to the Issuer pursuant to clause 2 
(Purchase of Receivables on the Initial Issue Date) of the Master Receivables Transfer Agreement, as 
provided on the Information Date immediately preceding the relevant proposed Transfer Date. 
"Additional Transferred Receivables" means Receivables and the related Vehicle Sale Proceeds 
Receivables, which are sold to the Issuer by the Seller on a Transfer Date falling after the Initial Issue 
Date during the Revolving Period pursuant to the Master Receivables Transfer Agreement, to the extent 
that they are not Receivables or Vehicle Sale Proceeds Receivables sold or transferred by the Issuer 
pursuant to clause 7 (Repurchase and Sale of Transferred Receivables) of the Master Receivables 
Transfer Agreement or clause 8 (Repurchase of Non-Compliant Receivables) of the Servicing 
Agreement or otherwise. 
"Administrator Recovery Incentive Fee" means the fee (inclusive of VAT) payable to the insolvency 
official of the Seller following an Insolvency Event of the Seller in relation to the sale of the relevant 
Vehicles in an amount equal to (i) the reasonable costs and expenses of such insolvency official 
(including any irrecoverable VAT in respect thereof) incurred in relation to the sale of such Vehicles plus 
(ii) a percentage of the corresponding vehicle realisation proceeds to be (x) 1% of the relevant vehicle 
realisation proceeds or (y) at any time thereafter, as may be agreed by the Servicer with the insolvency 
official of the Seller pursuant to the Servicing Agreement (up to a maximum amount of 1% of the relevant 
vehicle realisation proceeds). 
"Affected Receivables" shall have the meaning given to it in clause 7.1 (Mandatory Repurchase by the 
Seller for breach of Receivables Representation) of the Master Receivables Transfer Agreement. 
"Adverse Claim" means any mortgage, charge, pledge, hypothecation, lien or other security interest or 
encumbrance or other right or claim under the laws of any jurisdiction, of or on any Person's assets or 
properties in favour of any other Person. 
"Affiliate" means, in relation to any corporate entity, a holding company or subsidiary of such corporate 
entity or a subsidiary of the holding company of such corporate entity (the terms "holding company" and 
"subsidiary" having the meaning given to them by the Companies Act 2006). 
"Agency Agreement" means the agency agreement entered into by the Issuer, the Paying Agent, the 
Registrar and the Note Trustee on or about the Initial Issue Date. 
"Agent" means the Paying Agent and/or the Registrar (as applicable).

--- Page 235 ---
- 222 - 
"Aggregate Note Principal Amount Outstanding" means, on the date of determination, the Note 
Principal Amount Outstanding of all Classes of Notes.  
"Aggregate Principal Outstanding Balance" means, on the date of determination, the Principal 
Outstanding Balance of all Transferred Receivables in the Portfolio. 
"Ancillary Rights" means the ancillary rights under a Finance Agreement associated with each 
Receivable sold by the Seller to the Issuer pursuant to the Master Receivables Transfer Agreement 
(excluding the Excluded Proceeds) which shall include the following: 
(a) 
the benefit of any Collateral Security attached, whether by operation of law or on the basis of the 
relevant Finance Agreement or otherwise, to amounts owing under the relevant Finance 
Agreement; 
(b) 
the right to serve notice to pay or repay, to recover and/or to grant a discharge in respect of the 
whole or part of the amounts due or to become due in connection with the relevant Finance 
Agreement(s) from the relevant Obligor(s) (or from any other person that has granted any 
Collateral Security in connection with such Receivable); 
(c) 
the benefit of any and all representations, warranties and undertakings given or assumed by the 
Obligor(s) party to the relevant Finance Agreement (or by any other person that has granted any 
Collateral Security in connection with such Finance Agreement) pursuant to the relevant Finance 
Agreement; 
(d) 
the benefit of any and all actions against the Obligor(s) party to the relevant Finance Agreement 
(or against any other person that has granted any Collateral Security in connection with such 
Finance Agreement) pursuant to the relevant Finance Agreement, including any right to 
Enforcement Proceeds; 
(e) 
all of the rights and credits accruing to the Seller pursuant to any Insurance Policy in relation to 
such Receivable; and 
(f)  
all rights accruing to the Seller pursuant to any Debtor Insurance of the Obligor in respect of the 
Vehicle financed by such Finance Agreement or any Insurance Policy related to such Finance 
Agreement. 
"Applicable Law" means: 
(a) 
all applicable laws, rules, regulations, ordinances, directives, statutes, authorisations, permits, 
licences, notices, instructions and decrees of any relevant Regulatory Authority or any judgment 
or judicial practice of any court and any other legally binding requirement of any Regulatory 
Authority or government authority having jurisdiction with respect to the Seller and the Servicer, 
including, without limitation, CONC (as relevant); 
(b) 
any applicable rules, guidance, policies and publications of any relevant Regulatory Authority or 
government authority in the United Kingdom in relation to unfair contractual terms and conditions, 
to the extent such guidance, policies and publications do not conflict with any of the matters 
referred to in paragraph (a) of this definition; 
(c) 
to the extent applicable, the FCA Handbook, including CONC and DISP, and any applicable 
guidance, policies and publications of the relevant Regulatory Authority (including the FCA) 
relating to the FCA Handbook to the extent such guidance, policies and publications do not 
conflict with the FCA Handbook or any of the matters referred to in paragraph (a) of this definition; 
and 
(d) 
any applicable publications of any relevant Regulatory Authority (including the FCA’s guidance, 
policies and publications relating to the treating customers fairly initiative and good practice and

--- Page 236 ---
- 223 - 
guidance published by the FOS), in each case only to the extent such guidance, policy or 
publication does not conflict with any of the matters referred to in paragraph (a) of this definition. 
"Arranger" means HSBC Bank plc. 
"Attached" or "Attachment" means the seizure, taking possession of, or designating for transfer for the 
benefit of creditors of, all or any part of the applicable property, business, undertakings, assets or 
revenues, pursuant to a court order or judgment. 
"Auditors" means Mazars. 
"Authorisation" means an authorisation, consent, approval, resolution, licence, exemption, filing, 
notarisation or registration. 
“Available Collections” means in relation to any Transferred Receivable: 
(a) 
the Collections;  
(b) 
any RV Receivables Repurchase Price received by the Issuer upon the exercise of the RV 
Receivables Repurchase Commitment; 
(c) 
any amount received by the Issuer in connection with (i) the Seller repurchasing Affected 
Receivables, (ii) the Seller repurchasing the Portfolio pursuant to clause 7 (Repurchase and 
sale of Transferred Receivables) of the Master Receivables Transfer Agreement, (iii) the 
Servicer purchasing the Non-Compliant Receivables or (iv) the Issuer otherwise selling any 
Transferred Receivables;  
less: 
(i) 
any Excluded Proceeds; and 
(ii) 
any amounts corresponding to any payments made by Obligors which are subsequently 
rejected by the Servicer or required to be repaid to the Servicer. 
"Available Funds" means, in respect of any Payment Date falling after a Collection Period, the following 
sums which are credited to the General Collection Account in respect of such Collection Period (which 
shall not include amounts recorded in the Issuer Profit Ledger): 
(a) 
the Available Collections received in respect of such Collection Period; 
(b) 
the credit balance of the Revolving Account on the preceding Calculation Date; 
(c) 
the credit balance of the General Reserve Account on the preceding Calculation Date; 
(d) 
the Financial Income (if any) in respect of such Collection Period; and 
(e) 
during the Revolving Period only, the net proceeds of the issue of Notes which is credited on 
the General Collection Account on such Issue Date. 
"Available Revolving Basis" means, on each Payment Date falling within the Revolving Period, the 
sum of: 
(a) 
the Revolving Basis as of such Payment Date; and 
(b) 
the Residual Revolving Basis as of the immediately preceding Payment Date. 
"Average Net Margin" means, in relation to any Payment Date, (x) the aggregate of the Issuer Net 
Margins determined on the immediately preceding Calculation Date in respect of the three immediately

--- Page 237 ---
- 224 - 
preceding Collection Periods divided by (y) three, provided that if less than three (3) Issuer Net Margins 
are available, the Average Net Margin will be the arithmetic mean of the available Issuer Net Margin(s). 
"Back-Up Servicer Facilitator" means Intertrust Management Limited, appointed pursuant to the terms 
of the Servicing Agreement. 
"Bail-In Action" means the exercise of any Write-down and Conversion Powers. 
"Bank Account Agreement" means the bank account agreement dated on or about the Initial Issue 
Date between, inter alios, the Issuer, the Security Trustee and the Account Bank. 
"Base Prospectus" means this Base Prospectus. 
"Basic Terms Modification" has the meaning given to it in Condition 12(a)(iv). 
"Blocking Law" means: 
(i) 
Council Regulation (EC) No 2271/96 as it forms part of English law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(ii) 
any similar blocking or anti-boycott law in the United Kingdom.   
"BOE Cash Flow Model" means, for the purpose of the Bank of England’s Sterling Monetary 
Framework, the liability cash flow model which precisely represents the contractual relationship between 
the Transferred Receivables and the payments flowing between the Seller, the other relevant 
Transaction Parties and the Issuer and in line with the requirements published by the Bank of England. 
"Book-Entry Interests" means the beneficial interests in the Global Notes. 
"Business Day" means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which commercial banks and 
foreign exchange markets settle payments in London and on which the TARGET 2 system is operated. 
"Business Hours" means 9.30 a.m. to 5.00 p.m. (London time) on any Business Day. 
"Calculation Date" means in respect of any Payment Date, the 4th Business Day before such Payment 
Date. 
"Car Dealer" means a dealer situated in England and Wales or Scotland or Northern Ireland, acting 
as agent of the Seller in connection with the Finance Agreements. 
"Cash Management Agreement" means the cash management agreement dated on or about the Initial 
Issue Date among the Issuer, the Cash Manager, the Servicer and the Security Trustee. 
"Cash Manager" means the person appointed as cash manager, any successor thereof or any other 
Person appointed as replacement cash manager from time to time in accordance with the Cash 
Management Agreement, which on the Initial Issue Date is Eurotitrisation S.A.. 
"Cash Manager Termination Event" means any of the following: 
(i) 
the Cash Manager does not perform or comply with any one or more of its obligations in the 
Cash Management Agreement or the other Transaction Documents to which it is expressed to 
be a party, which default is: 
(a) 
in the opinion of the Security Trustee materially prejudicial to the interests of the 
Secured Creditors; and 
(b) 
incapable of remedy or, if, in the opinion of the Security Trustee capable of remedy, is 
not remedied within 30 days after the earlier of: 
(I) 
the Cash Manager becoming aware of such default; and

--- Page 238 ---
- 225 - 
(II) 
notice of such default having been given to the Cash Manager by the Issuer or 
the Security Trustee; 
(ii) 
any Insolvency Event occurs in respect of the Cash Manager; 
(iii) 
following the delivery of a Note Acceleration Notice by the Note Trustee pursuant to the Trust 
Deed, the Security Trustee determines that the Cash Manager's appointment under the Cash 
Management Agreement is materially prejudicial to the interests of the Secured Creditors; 
(iv) 
the Cash Manager fails to maintain all appropriate Authorisations with, governmental and other 
regulatory authorities required by it to perform its obligations under the Cash Management 
Agreement or the other Transaction Documents to which it is expressed to be a party; or 
(v) 
the Cash Manager is prevented or severely hindered for a period of 20 days or more from 
complying with its obligations under the Cash Management Agreement as a result of a Force 
Majeure Event and such Force Majeure Event continues for 10 Business Days after the 
occurrence of such Force Majeure Event. 
"CCA" means the Consumer Credit Act 1974, as amended by the Consumer Credit Act 2006 and 
associated secondary legislation. 
"Class" means each class of Notes. 
"Class A Notes Interest Amount" means on each Payment Date, the amount of interest payable 
pursuant to Condition 4(e) (Calculations) in respect of the Class A Notes held by a Class A Noteholder 
on such Payment Date. 
"Class A Note Interest Rate" means, in respect of each Series of Class A Notes, the fixed rate specified 
in the Final Terms. 
"Class A Noteholders" means the holders of all Series of Class A Notes at the relevant time. 
"Class A Notes" means all Class A Notes of any Series, including any Further Notes. 
"Class A Notes Amortisation Amount" means in relation to the Class A Notes and any Payment Date 
during the Pre-Enforcement Amortisation Period, an amount equal to the lesser of: 
(a) 
the Note Principal Amount Outstanding of the Class A Notes on the immediately preceding 
Calculation Date; and 
(b) 
the Principal Amortised Amount in respect of the preceding Collection Period. 
"Class A Notes Partial Early Amortisation Amount" means, on any relevant Payment Date during 
the Revolving Period, an amount equal to: 
(a) 
the aggregate Principal Components of the Re-transfer Price (in case of the exercise of an 
option to re-transfer Transferred Receivables in accordance with clause 7 (Repurchase and 
Sale of Transferred Receivables) of the Master Receivables Transfer Agreement; or  
(b) 
in the case of item (b) of the Partial Early Amortisation Event, 7.5% of the Aggregate Note 
Principal Amount Outstanding of the Notes, 
multiplied by (A/B) where A is the Note Principal Amount Outstanding of the Class A Notes and (B) is 
the Aggregate Note Principal Amount Outstanding of all Notes.  
"Class A Notes Required Amount" means, with respect to the Initial Issue Date and any Further Issue 
Date an amount equal to the product of Class A Notes Required Ratio Limit and the aggregate amount 
of the Principal Outstanding Balance of all Performing Receivables immediately after such Further Issue 
Date  taking into account the additional Transferred Receivables transferred at such Issue Date rounded

--- Page 239 ---
- 226 - 
down to the nearest GBP 100,000, provided that the Class A notes cannot exceed the Programme Limit 
with respect to Class A Notes. 
"Class A Notes Required Ratio" means the ratio of (x) the Note Principal Amount Outstanding of the 
Class A Notes divided by (y) the Aggregate Note Principal Amount Outstanding of all Notes. 
"Class A Notes Required Ratio Limit" means 72%. 
"Class B Notes Interest Amount" means on each Payment Date, the amount of interest payable 
pursuant to Condition 4(e) (Calculations) in respect of the Class B Notes held by a Class B Noteholder 
on such Payment Date. 
"Class B Note Interest Rate" means, in respect of each Series of Class B Notes, the fixed rate equal 
to 2% or as otherwise specified in the Final Terms. 
"Class B Noteholders" means the holders of all Series of Class B Notes at the relevant time. 
"Class B Notes" means all Class B Notes of any Series, including any Further Notes. 
"Class B Notes Amortisation Amount" in relation to the Class B Notes and any Payment Date during 
the Pre-Enforcement Amortisation Period, an amount equal to the lesser of: 
(a) 
the Note Principal Amount Outstanding of the Class B Notes on the immediately preceding 
Calculation Date; and 
(b) 
the difference between: 
(i) 
the Principal Amortised Amount in respect of the preceding Collection Period; 
and 
(ii) 
the Class A Notes Amortisation Amount. 
"Class B Notes Partial Early Amortisation Amount" means, on any relevant Payment Date during 
the Revolving Period, an amount equal to : 
(a) 
the aggregate Principal Component of the Re-transfer Price (in case of exercise of an option to 
re-transfer Transferred Receivables in accordance with the clause 7 (Repurchase and Sale of 
Transferred Receivables) of the Master Receivables Transfer Agreement); or  
(b) 
in the case of item (b) of the Partial Early Amortisation Event, 7.5% of the Aggregate Note 
Principal Amount Outstanding of the Notes, 
multiplied by (A/B) where A is the Note Principal Amount Outstanding of the Class B Notes and (B) is 
the Aggregate Note Principal Amount Outstanding of all Notes. 
"Class B Notes Required Amount" means, with respect to the Initial Issue Date and any Further Issue 
Date an amount equal to aggregate amount of the Principal Outstanding Balance of all Performing 
Receivables immediately after such Further Issue Date taking into account the additional Transferred 
Receivables transferred at such Issue Date minus the Class A Notes Required Amount, rounded up to 
the nearest GBP 1,000. 
"Class B Notes Required Ratio" means the ratio of (x) the Note Principal Amount Outstanding of the 
Class B Notes divided by (y) the Aggregate Note Principal Amount Outstanding of all Notes. 
"Class B Notes Required Ratio Limit" means 28%. 
"Clean-Up Call" means the Seller's right pursuant to the Master Receivables Transfer Agreement to 
repurchase all of the Transferred Receivables on any Payment Date following the Calculation Date on 
which the Aggregate Principal Outstanding Balance of all Transferred Receivables is equal to or less

--- Page 240 ---
- 227 - 
than 10% of the Aggregate Principal Outstanding Balance of all Transferred Receivables as at the Cut-
Off Date when the Clean-Up Call Conditions are satisfied. 
"Clean-Up Call Conditions" means, in relation to any exercise by the Seller of the Clean-Up Call, the 
following requirements: 
(a) 
the Final Repurchase Price should be an amount as described in Condition 5(d)(i)(1) (Clean-
Up Call); and  
(b) 
the Seller shall have notified the Issuer of its intention to exercise the Clean-Up Call at least 10 
calendar days prior to the contemplated settlement date of the Clean-Up Call. 
"Clearing Systems" means Clearstream Banking S.A., Euroclear Bank SA/NV, and/or such other 
clearing agency, settlement system, or depository as may from time to time be used in connection with 
the safekeeping of, or transactions relating to, securities, and any nominee, clearing agency, or 
depository for any of them. 
"Clearstream, Luxembourg" means the Clearstream clearance system for internationally traded 
securities operated by Clearstream Banking S.A., and any successor thereto. 
"CM Reporting Date" means, in relation to any Payment Date, the 2nd Business Day before such 
Payment Date. 
"Collateral Security" means, in respect of any Receivable, any guarantee or security (including any 
indemnity, pledge, mortgage, privilege, security, cash deposit or other agreement or arrangement of any 
nature whatsoever) granted by an Obligor or a third party in order to guarantee the payment of any 
amount owed by, and/or the fulfilment of the obligations of, the Obligor(s) in connection with the Finance 
Agreement from which such Receivable derives. 
"Collected Income" means, in relation to any Payment Date,  
(a) 
the Available Collections in respect of such Payment Date; plus  
(b) 
the Financial Income on such Payment Date; less  
(c) 
the Revolving Basis of such Payment Date. 
"Collection Period" means the monthly servicing and cash management reporting period from (and 
including) the first day of each calendar month to (but excluding) the first day of the following month or, 
in the case of the first Collection Period, from (and including) the Initial Cut-Off Date to (but excluding) 
30 September 2021.  
"Collections" means, in relation to any Transferred Receivable: 
(a) 
all cash collections and other cash proceeds (including without limitation bank transfers, wire 
transfers, cheques, bills of exchange and direct debits but excluding any payment that is 
subsequently reversed) relating to such Transferred Receivables as received from the 
relevant Obligor or other third parties as insurers or guarantors, and including all amounts of 
principal and interest, deferred amounts, fees, penalties (including any Option to Purchase 
Fee, excess mileage penalties and charges for damage to the related Vehicle), late-payment 
indemnities, amounts paid under the Debtor Insurance, any Insurance Policy or otherwise 
related to such Transferred Receivables; 
(b) 
which is an RV Receivable (other than any RV Receivable which has been sold to the Seller 
pursuant to clause 7.2 (RV Receivables Repurchase Commitment) of the Master Receivables 
Transfer Agreement and in respect of which the Issuer has received in full the relevant 
Repurchase Price), the Vehicle Sale Proceeds for the related Redelivered Vehicle received by 
the Servicer;

--- Page 241 ---
- 228 - 
(c) 
any premia or fees paid by the relevant Obligor in relation to any Supplementary Services in 
respect of such Transferred Receivables; and 
(d)  
any Recoveries.  
"Common Safekeeper" or "CSK" means the entity appointed by the ICSDs to provide safekeeping for 
the Notes in NSS form.  
"CONC" means the Consumer Credit Sourcebook as contained in the FCA Handbook. 
"Conditions" means the terms and conditions of the Notes (which terms and conditions are set out in 
the Base Prospectus).  
"Corporate Financing Ratio" means, in respect of any Calculation Date and any Transferred 
Receivables (excluding any Vehicle Sale Proceeds Receivable), the ratio of: 
(a) 
the aggregate amount of the Principal Outstanding Balances of the Performing Receivables 
relating to the financing of Vehicles in respect of which the Obligors are corporate entities as of 
the Cut-Off Date preceding such Calculation Date; to 
(b) 
the aggregate amount of the Principal Outstanding Balances of all Performing Receivables as of 
the Cut-Off Date immediately preceding that Calculation Date, 
provided that, for the purposes of calculating this ratio, the additional Receivables proposed to be 
purchased on the next Payment Date shall be considered to be Transferred Receivables. 
"Corporate Services Agreement" means the corporate services agreement entered into by, inter alios, 
the Issuer, Holdings and the Corporate Services Provider on or about the Initial Issue Date under which 
the Issuer and Holdings have appointed the Corporate Services Provider to perform certain corporate 
and administrative services to each of them. 
"Corporate Services Provider" means Intertrust Management Limited, acting through its office at 1 
Bartholomew Lane, London, EC2N 2AX, United Kingdom. 
"Covid-19 Payment Holiday" means a concession granted to an Obligor to defer making full or partial 
payments due to hardship caused by the Covid-19 pandemic and, in accordance with the applicable 
FCA guidance (and/or following the Initial Issue Date, other applicable regulatory guidance).  
"CRA15" means the Consumer Rights Act 2015. 
"CRD" means Directive 2013/36/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013 on 
access to the activity of credit institutions and the prudential supervision of credit institutions and 
investment firms, amending Directive 2002/87/EC and repealing Directives 2006/48/EC and 
2006/49/EC. 
"CRD IV Package" means CRD and CRR. 
"CRD V" means Directive (EU) 2019/878 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 
amending Directive 2013/36/EU as regards exempted entities, financial holding companies, mixed 
financial holding companies, remuneration, supervisory measures and powers and capital conservation 
measures. 
"CRR Amending Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/2401 of the European Parliament and of 
the Council of 12 December 2017 amending Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 on prudential requirements 
for credit institutions and investment firms. 
"CRR II" means Regulation (EU) No 876/2019 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 
2019 amending Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 as regards the leverage ratio, the net stable funding ratio, 
requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities, counterparty credit risk, market risk, exposures to

--- Page 242 ---
- 229 - 
central counterparties, exposures to collective investment undertakings, large exposures, reporting and 
disclosure requirements, and Regulation (EU) No 648/2012. 
"Cut-Off Date" means, with respect to the Initial Issue Date or any Payment Date, the last day in the 
immediately preceding calendar month. 
"Data Protection Laws" means any law, enactment, regulation or order concerning privacy and the 
processing of data relating to living persons including: 
(a) 
the EU GDPR; 
(b) 
the UK GDPR;  
(c) 
the UK Data Protection Act 2018; and 
(d) 
other EU Data Protection Laws, 
in each case to the extent applicable to the activities or obligations under or pursuant to the Transaction 
Documents, and each of the terms "controller", "data subject", "personal data" and "personal data 
breach", where used in respect of the performance of an activity or obligation, shall have the meaning 
given to that term under the relevant Data Protection Laws as at the time at which that activity or 
obligation was performed. 
"Day Count Fraction" means in respect of an Interest Period, the actual number of days in such Interest 
Period divided by 365. 
"Debt Relief Order" has the meaning given to it in Section 251A of the Insolvency Act 1986. 
"Debtor Insurance" means the insurance policy purchased by an Obligor to cover loss, damage and 
third party liability in respect of a Vehicle. 
"Deed of Charge" means the deed of charge dated on or about the Initial Issue Date between, inter 
alios, the Issuer and the Security Trustee. 
"Defaulted Amounts" means, in relation to a certain period and for the Defaulted Receivables, an 
amount equal to: 
(i) 
the Principal Outstanding Balance of such Defaulted Receivables at the time of the default; 
plus 
(ii) 
the aggregate of the Principal Components unpaid (if any) when such Transferred Receivables 
were Delinquent Receivables (excluding any Recoveries) from (and including) the Initial Issue 
Date to (but excluding) the Calculation Date. 
"Defaulted Receivable" means any Transferred Receivable: 
(a) 
in respect of which an Instalment or any part thereof or any other amount due under the related 
Finance Agreement remains unpaid (by way of payment or by set-off) by the Obligor for a 
period of more than 120 calendar days during such Collection Period or any preceding 
Collection Period (for the avoidance of doubt, any payment received by the Seller, Servicer or 
the Issuer under any Debtor Insurance shall not be treated as a payment by the relevant 
Obligor for these purposes); or 
(b) 
in respect of which the Finance Agreement has been recorded as a hostile termination or 
voluntary termination or written off or is considered to be defaulted by the Servicer in accordance 
with the Underwriting and Collection Procedures.

--- Page 243 ---
- 230 - 
"Deferred Purchase Price" means, in respect of a Transferred Receivable, the amount payable to the 
Seller as Deferred Purchase Price pursuant to the applicable Priority of Payments (exclusive of VAT), 
after payment in full of all amounts ranking senior to the Deferred Purchase Price.  
"Delinquent Receivable" means, in relation to a Collection Period, any Transferred Receivable which 
is not a Defaulted Receivable, (A) in respect of which the Obligor has not paid in full during such 
Collection Period any Instalment or any other amount that is due under the related Finance Agreement 
during such Collection Period or any preceding Collection Period (for the avoidance of doubt, any 
payment received by the Seller, Servicer or the Issuer under any Debtor Insurance shall not be treated 
as a payment by the relevant Obligor for these purposes) or (B) which has been recorded as such in the 
Servicer’s System in accordance with the Servicer’s Underwriting and Collection Procedures. 
"Definitive Notes" means Notes in definitive registered form substantially in the forms set out in the 
Trust Deed. 
"Direct Debit" means a written instruction of an Obligor authorising its bank to honour a request of Seller 
to debit a sum of money on specified dates from the account of the Obligor for credit to an account of 
Seller. 
"Direct Debiting Arrangements" means the procedures adopted in accordance with the rules of the 
Association for Payment Clearing Services. 
"Discount Rate" means, in respect of the Receivables in relation to a Finance Agreement, the greater 
of (i) the Implicit Customer Rate payable by the relevant Obligor under such Finance Agreement and (ii) 
the Minimum Effective Yield applicable on the relevant Cut-off Date for such Finance Agreement. 
"Early Settlement" means any prepayment or early settlement, in whole or in part, made by the Obligor 
in respect of any Transferred Receivable. 
"Early Settlement Regulations" means the Consumer Credit (Early Settlement) Regulations 2004. 
“EC Return Loss” means, with respect to each EC Return Receivables of a PCP Agreement for which 
(x) the relevant Obligor has not exercised its option to purchase the related Vehicles and (y) the EC 
Return Receivables has not been repurchased by the Seller in accordance with clause 7 (Repurchase 
and Sale of Transferred Receivables) of the Master Receivables Transfer Agreement, the positive 
difference between the amount of the Final Instalment and the Vehicle Sale Proceeds (if any) received 
within 3 months following the Maturity Date of such PCP agreement; provided that after such period, the 
EC Return Loss will be considered as equal to the amount of the Final Instalment.  
"EC Return Receivable" means any Transferred Receivable which relates to a PCP Agreement, when 
an Obligor exercises its option to return the Vehicle at the Maturity Date without paying the Final 
Instalment and the relevant Vehicle is returned to the Seller (or its agent) for sale. 
"EC Treaty" means the Treaty establishing the European Community (signed in Rome on 25 March, 
1957), as amended by the Treaty on European Union (signed in Maastricht on 7 February, 1992), as 
amended by the Treaty of Amsterdam (signed in Amsterdam on 2 November, 1997), as amended by 
the Treaty of Nice (signed in Nice on 26 February, 2001) and as amended by the Treaty of Lisbon 
(signed in Lisbon on 13 December 2007 and in force since 1 December 2009) and as amended from 
time to time. 
“Electric Vehicle” means a Vehicle that uses only an electric motor for propulsion. 
"Eligibility Criteria" means the eligibility criteria set out in Schedule 7 (Receivables Eligibility Criteria) 
to the Master Receivables Transfer Agreement. 
"Eligible Persons" has the meaning given to it in the Trust Deed.

--- Page 244 ---
- 231 - 
"Eligible Receivable" means a Receivable and the related Vehicle Sale Proceeds Receivable which 
meet the applicable representations and warranties given by the Seller pursuant to the provisions of the 
Master Receivables Transfer Agreement in respect of such Receivables, the related Vehicle Sale 
Proceeds Receivable and the relevant Obligor at the relevant Cut-Off Date. 
"Encumbrance" means any mortgage, sub-mortgage, security assignment or assignation, standard 
security, charge, sub-charge, pledge, lien, right of set-off or other encumbrance or security interest of 
any kind, however created or arising, including anything analogous to any of the foregoing under the 
laws of any jurisdiction.  
"Enforcement Proceeds" means the proceeds received by the Seller following its enforcement of any 
Finance Agreement upon the Obligor’s default under such Finance Agreement. 
"ESMA" means the European Securities Markets Authority or any successor authority. 
"EU Article 7 ITS" means the Commission Implementing Regulation (EU) 2020/1225 (the 2020/1225 
ITS) including any relevant guidance and policy statements relating to the application of the 2020/1225 
ITS published by the EBA, the ESMA, the EIOPA (or their successor) or by the European Commission. 
"EU Article 7 RTS" means the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2020/1224 (the 2020/1224 RTS) 
including any relevant guidance and policy statements relating to the application of the 2020/1224 RTS 
published by the EBA, the ESMA, the EIOPA (or their successor) or by the European Commission. 
"EU Article 7 Technical Standards" means the EU Article 7 RTS and the EU Article 7 ITS. 
"EU CRA Regulation" means Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 of the European Parliament on credit 
rating agencies, as amended by Regulation (EU) No 513/2011 and by Regulation (EU) No 462/2013. 
"EU CRR" means Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 
June 2013 on prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms, amending Regulation 
(EU) No 648/2012 as supplemented by Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No 625/2014. 
"EU Data Protection Laws" means any law, enactment, regulation or order transposing, implementing, 
adopting, supplementing or derogating from, the EU GDPR and the EU Directive 2002/58/EC in each 
Member State. 
"EU GDPR" means Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 April 
2016 on the protection of natural persons with regard to the processing of personal data and on the free 
movement of such data, and repealing Directive 95/46/EC (General Data Protection Regulation).  
"EU Insolvency Regulation" means Regulation (EU) No 2015/848 of the European Parliament and of 
the Council of 20 May 2015 on insolvency proceedings (recast). 
"EU Market Abuse Regulation" means Regulation EU 596/2014. 
"EU Securitisation Regulation" means Regulation (EU) No 2017/2402 dated 12 December 2017 and 
any relevant regulatory and/or implementing technical standards adopted by the European Commission 
in relation thereto, any relevant regulatory and/or implementing technical standards applicable in relation 
thereto pursuant to any transitional arrangements made pursuant to the EU Securitisation Regulation, 
and in each case, any relevant guidance published by the European Banking Authority, the European 
Securities and Markets Authority (or, in either case, any predecessor authority) and/or the European 
Commission. 
"EU SR Inside Information and Significant Event Report" means the inside information or significant 
event information report prepared as required by and in accordance with Article 7(1)(f) and/or Article 
7(1)(g) (as applicable) of the EU Securitisation Regulation and the EU Article 7 Technical Standards.

--- Page 245 ---
- 232 - 
"EU STS Notification" means the notification to be submitted to ESMA in accordance with Article 27 of 
the EU Securitisation Regulation confirming that the requirements of Articles 18 to 22 of the EU 
Securitisation Regulation have been satisfied. 
"EUR" or "Euro" means the lawful currency of the member states of the European Union that have 
adopted the single currency in accordance with the EC Treaty. 
"Euroclear" means Euroclear Bank SA/NV as operator of the Euroclear System and any successor 
thereto. 
"Euronext Dublin" means the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin. 
"Eurosystem" comprises the European Central Bank and the national central banks of those countries 
that have adopted the euro. 
"EUWA" means the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (as amended by the European Union 
(Withdrawal Agreement) Act 2020), as amended, varied, superseded or substituted from time to time. 
"Event of Default" means, in relation to the Issuer, the Seller or the Servicer (as applicable, the 
"Relevant Person"), the occurrence of any of the following events: 
(a) 
the Relevant Person fails to make any payment payable by it under any Transaction Document 
when due in the currency and in the manner specified in the relevant Transaction Document 
except if such failure is due to technical reasons and such default is remedied by the Relevant 
Person within two Business Days, or, in the case of the Issuer, if the failure to pay is in respect 
of interest when due in the currency and in the manner specified herein where such failure to 
pay interest continues for five days or more; 
(b) 
if the Relevant Person is the Seller or the Servicer, any representation or warranty made by the 
Relevant Person pursuant to any Transaction Document or in any notice or other document, 
certificate or statement delivered by it pursuant hereto or in connection herewith is or proves to 
have been incorrect or misleading in any material respect when made and it is not remedied 
within 20 Business Days; 
(c) 
if the Relevant Person is the Seller or the Servicer, the Relevant Person fails duly to perform or 
comply with any of its obligations under any of the Transaction Documents to which it is a party 
(other than those referred to in paragraphs (a) and (b) above) and such failure is not remedied 
within 20 Business Days; 
(d) 
an Insolvency Event occurs in respect of the Relevant Person; 
(e) 
if the Relevant Person is the Seller or the Servicer, at any time it is or becomes unlawful for the 
Relevant Person to perform or comply with any or all of its obligations under the Notes or the 
Transaction Documents or any of the obligations of the Relevant Person under the Notes or the 
Transaction Documents are not or cease to be legal, valid and binding; and 
(f) 
if the Relevant Person is the Seller or the Servicer, any Authorisation required by the Relevant 
Person to perform its obligations under the Transaction Documents is revoked or suspended. 
"Exchange Act" means the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
"Exchange Event" means: 
(a) 
any relevant Clearing System is closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other 
than by reason of holidays, statutory or otherwise) or announces an intention permanently to 
cease business or does in fact do so; or 
(b) 
as a result of any amendment to, or change in (A) the laws or regulations of the United Kingdom 
(or of any political sub-division thereof) or of any Tax Authority therein or thereof or (B) the

--- Page 246 ---
- 233 - 
interpretation or administration of such laws or regulations, which becomes effective on or after 
the Initial Issue Date, the Issuer or the Paying Agent is or will be required to make a Tax 
Deduction from any payment in respect of the Notes which would not be required were the Notes 
(as applicable) in definitive form. 
"Excluded Proceeds" means, in respect of a Transferred Receivable and a Collection Period, (A) all 
amounts relating to (i) any premia paid to the Seller in respect of any Insurance Policy on behalf of the 
relevant insurer during such Collection Period, (ii) any VAT Components received by the Issuer in 
relation to the Transferred Receivables, (B) any amounts collected by the Seller under any maintenance 
contract on behalf of the relevant maintenance services provider during such Collection Period and (C) 
an amount equal to the road fund license (if any) and the first registration fee (if any), in each case, 
relating to such Transferred Receivable. 
"Extraordinary Resolution" means in respect of the holders of any Class of Notes: 
(a) 
a resolution passed at a meeting duly convened and held in accordance with the Trust Deed by 
a majority consisting of at least 75% of the Eligible Persons voting thereat upon a show of hands 
or, if a poll is duly demanded, by a majority consisting of at least 75% of the votes cast on such 
poll; 
(b) 
a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of the Noteholders of at least 75% in aggregate 
Note Principal Amount Outstanding of  the Notes, which resolution may be contained in one 
document or in several documents in like form each signed by or on behalf of one or more of 
the Noteholders; or 
(c) 
consent given by way of electronic consents communicated through the electronic 
communications systems of the relevant Clearing System(s) to the Paying Agent or another 
specified Agent in accordance with the operating rules and procedures of the relevant Clearing 
System(s) by or on behalf of the Noteholders of not less than 75% in aggregate Note Principal 
Amount Outstanding of  the relevant Class of Notes. 
"FATCA" means: 
(a) 
sections 1471 to 1474 of the US Internal Revenue Code and the Treasury regulations and 
official guidance issued thereunder, as amended from time to time ("US FATCA");  
(b) 
any inter-governmental agreement between the United States and any other jurisdiction entered 
into in connection with US FATCA (an "IGA"); 
(c) 
any treaty, law, regulation or official guidance enacted, issued or amended in any jurisdiction 
which facilitates the implementation of US FATCA or an IGA ("Implementing Law"); and 
(d) 
any agreement entered into with the US Internal Revenue Service, the US government or any 
governmental or Tax Authority in any other jurisdiction in connection with US FATCA, an IGA or 
any Implementing Law. 
"FATCA Costs" means any costs or expenses related to compliance with, or implementation of, FATCA, 
and any costs or expenses as a result of indemnification for FATCA Deductions. 
"FATCA Deduction" means a deduction or withholding from a payment under a Transaction Document 
required by FATCA. 
"FATCA Exempt Party" means a party that is entitled to receive payments free from any FATCA 
Deduction. 
"FCA" means the Financial Conduct Authority of the United Kingdom or any regulatory authority that 
may succeed it as a United Kingdom regulator.

--- Page 247 ---
- 234 - 
"FCA Handbook" means the handbook of rules promulgated by the FCA under FSMA as amended or 
replaced from time to time. 
"Final Discharge Date" means the date on which the Issuer has irrevocably discharged its obligations 
towards the Secured Creditors under the Transaction Documents (including by operation of any limited 
recourse, no petition and limited liability provision contained in the Transaction Documents). 
"Final Instalment" means the final payment payable, as applicable, under each Finance Agreement 
(excluding the Option to Purchase Fee) (assuming, in the case of a PCP Agreement that, the relevant 
Obligor under a PCP Agreement exercises its option to purchase the related Vehicle). 
"Final Repurchase Price" has the meaning given to it in Condition 5(d). 
"Final Terms" means the final terms to this Base Prospectus which will be prepared for each issue of 
Notes, including any issue of Further Notes.  
"Finance Agreement" means each of the HP Agreements and the PCP Agreements entered into by the 
Seller and an Obligor, pursuant to which the Seller has granted fixed term financing to the Obligor for the 
purpose of financing the purchase of a Vehicle. 
"Finance Agreement Effective Date" means the date on which a Finance Agreement is first recorded 
in the Seller’s information system and interest starts to accrue on such Finance Agreement. 
"Financial Income" means, in respect of any Collection Period, any interest amount or income accrued 
by or on behalf of the Issuer on or in respect of the Issuer Accounts (other than amounts recorded in the 
Issuer Profit Ledger). 
"First Receivables Offer" means an offer from the Seller to the Issuer to sell Receivables and the 
related Vehicle Sale Proceeds Receivables to the Issuer on the Initial Issue Date in the form set out in 
Schedule 2 (Form of First Receivables Offer) to the Master Receivables Transfer Agreement. 
"First Transferred Receivables" means the Receivables and the related Vehicle Sale Proceeds 
Receivables transferred to the Issuer on the Initial Issue Date, to the extent that they are not Receivables 
or Vehicle Sale Proceeds Receivables sold or transferred by the Issuer pursuant to clause 7 
(Repurchase and Sale of Transferred Receivables) of the Master Receivables Transfer Agreement or 
clause 8 (Repurchase of Non-Compliant Receivables) of the Servicing Agreement or otherwise. 
"Fitch" means Fitch Ratings Limited. 
"Force Majeure Event" means any event (including but not limited to an act of God, fire, epidemic, 
explosion, floods, earthquakes, typhoons; riot, civil commotion or unrest, insurrection, terrorism, war, 
strikes or lockouts; nationalisation, expropriation, redenomination or other related governmental actions; 
Applicable Law of a Regulatory Authority or supranational body; regulation of the banking or securities 
industry including changes in market rules, currency restrictions, devaluations or fluctuations; market 
conditions affecting the execution or settlement of transactions or the value of assets; and breakdown, 
failure or malfunction of any telecommunications, computer services or systems, or other cause) beyond 
the control of any Transaction Party which restricts or prohibits the performance of the obligations of 
such Transaction Party contemplated by the Transaction Documents. 
"FOS" means the Financial Ombudsman Service of the United Kingdom or any successor Regulatory 
Authority or Regulatory Authorities taking over all or part of its responsibilities.
"FSMA" means the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000. 
"Further Issue Date" means each Payment Date falling prior to the Revolving Period Termination Date 
on which Further Notes are issued (excluding, with respect to a Series of Notes the first issuance of 
Notes in respect of the Series).

--- Page 248 ---
- 235 - 
"Further Notes" means any notes of a Class and a Series issued by the Issuer on any Further Issue 
Date under the Programme up to a total of £1,000,000,000 of Class A Notes and £600,000,000 of Class 
B Notes. 
"GBP" or "Sterling" means the lawful currency for the time being of the United Kingdom of Great Britain 
and Northern Ireland. 
"General Collection Account" means the bank account with that name opened by the Issuer with the 
Account Bank with account number 22421760 and IBAN GB68LOYD30801222421760. 
"General Reserve Account" means the bank account with that name opened by the Issuer with the 
Account Bank with account number 22422160 and IBAN GB35LOYD30801222422160. 
"General Reserve Decrease Amount" means, in relation to any Payment Date, an amount equal to 
the amount by which the amount standing to the credit of the General Reserve Account exceeds the 
General Reserve Required Level on such Payment Date. 
"General Reserve Increase Amount" means, in relation to any Transfer Date and Further Issue Date, 
an additional amount to be credited to the General Reserve Account at the opening of business on such 
Transfer Date and Further Issue Date, such amount to be (i) added pursuant to clause 5.2 (General 
Reserve Account) of the Cash Management Agreement and (ii) equal to: 
(a) 
the General Reserve Required Level on such Transfer Date and Further Issue Date; less 
(b) 
the amount standing to the credit of the General Reserve Account on such Transfer Date and 
Further Issue Date, 
subject to a minimum of zero. 
"General Reserve Required Level" means: 
(a) 
in relation to the Initial Issue Date, GBP10,417,000;  
(b) 
in relation to any Payment Date during the Revolving Period, an amount rounded up to the 
nearest GBP1,000 of 1 per cent of the Aggregate Note Principal Amount Outstanding of all the 
Notes (taking into account any additional further issuance of the Notes to be issued or any 
redemption of the Notes to be paid on such Payment Date) provided that such amount cannot 
be below GBP250,000; 
(c) 
in relation to any Payment Date during the Pre-Enforcement Amortisation Period, the higher of 
(i) an amount rounded up to the nearest GBP1,000 of 1% of the Aggregate Note Principal 
Amount Outstanding of all the Notes on the respective Payment Date and (ii) GBP250,000, 
provided that if the General Reserve Required Level on the previous Payment Date is equal to 
or above the Notes Principal Amount Outstanding of the Class A Notes, such amount will be 
zero; and 
(d) 
otherwise, zero. 
"Global Note" means each of the global notes, in fully registered form, without interest coupons 
attached, which will represent the Class A Notes on issue substantially in the forms set out in the Trust 
Deed. 
"HMRC" means Her Majesty's Revenue & Customs. 
"Holdings" means Cars Alliance UK Master Holdings Limited (company number 13352523), whose 
registered office is at 1 Bartholomew Lane, London, EC2N 2AX, United Kingdom. 
"HP Agreement" means each hire purchase agreement entered into between an Obligor and the Seller 
substantially in the form set out in Schedule 4 (Agreed form of Finance Agreements) to the Master

--- Page 249 ---
- 236 - 
Receivables Transfer Agreement or as otherwise permitted in accordance with the terms of the Master 
Receivables Transfer Agreement. 
"HPI Car Register" means the register operated by HPI Limited that records interests in vehicles. 
"ICSD" or "International Central Securities Depositary" means Clearstream, Luxembourg or 
Euroclear, and "ICSDs" means each of Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear collectively. 
"Implicit Customer Rate" means the internal rate of return payable by the Obligor under the relevant 
Finance Agreement, as specified in the relevant Servicing Report taking into account the following: 
(i) 
the Original Financing Amount; and 
(ii) 
all the Instalments (including the Final Instalment but excluding any fees payable and the Option 
to Purchase Fee) payable by the relevant Obligor to the Seller on each Instalment Due Date, 
and calculated on the basis of a 365 day year. 
“Indemnified Amounts” means any and all damages, losses, claims, taxes, liabilities and related costs 
and expenses, including legal fees and disbursements, together with irrecoverable VAT, as applicable, 
on those amounts. 
"Information Date" means the 5th Business Day of a calendar month, provided that such date shall not 
be later than 3 Business Days before the Calculation Date. 
"Initial Cut-Off Date" means 31 August 2021. 
"Initial Issue Date" means 7 October 2021. 
"Initial Issue Date Receivables Offer IT File" means the data file relating to the Eligible Receivables 
the Seller proposes to sell to the Issuer on the Initial Issue Date pursuant to clause 2.1 of the Master 
Receivables Transfer Agreement. 
"Initial Notes" means the registered note of a Series and Class issued by the Issuer on the Initial Issue 
Date. 
"Initial Note Principal Amount" means the initial principal amount of such Note on the Initial Issue 
Date. 
"Initial Purchase Price" means, in respect of a Transferred Receivable, any amount equal to the 
Principal Outstanding Balance of such Transferred Receivable on the immediately preceding Cut-off 
Date (exclusive of VAT).  
"Initial Receivables Offer" means an offer from the Seller to the Issuer to sell Receivables and the 
related Vehicle Sale Proceeds Receivables to the Issuer on the Initial Issue Date in the form set out in 
Schedule 2 (Form of First Receivables Offer) to the Master Receivables Transfer Agreement. 
"Insolvency Event" means, with respect to the relevant Transaction Party or any Obligor, as the case 
may be, each of the following events or circumstances:  
(a) 
that party is unable or admits inability to pay its debts as they fall due or is deemed unable to 
pay its debts within the meaning of Section 123(1) of the Insolvency Act  (other than, except in 
the case of the Issuer, subsection 123(1)(a)) or Section 123(2), suspends making payments on 
any of its debts or, by reason of actual or anticipated financial difficulties, commences 
negotiations with one or more of its creditors with a view to rescheduling any of its indebtedness; 
(b) 
a moratorium is declared in respect of any indebtedness of that party; 
(c) 
that party ceases, or through an official action of its board of directors threatens to cease, to 
carry on all or a substantial portion of its business;

--- Page 250 ---
- 237 - 
(d) 
any corporate action, legal proceedings or other procedure or step is taken in relation to: 
(i) 
the suspension of all payments, a moratorium of any indebtedness, winding-up, 
dissolution, administration or reorganisation (including, without limitation, by way of 
voluntary arrangement, scheme of arrangement, restructuring plan under Part 26A of 
the Companies Act 2006 or otherwise) of that party other than a solvent liquidation or 
reorganisation of that party; 
(ii) 
a composition, compromise, conveyance, assignment or arrangement with its creditors 
generally; or 
(iii) 
the appointment of a liquidator, receiver, administrative receiver, administrator, monitor 
or other similar officer in respect of that party or its assets, 
or any analogous procedure or step is taken in any jurisdiction, provided that any winding-up 
petition which is frivolous or vexatious and is discharged, stayed or dismissed within 30 calendar 
days of commencement shall not constitute an "Insolvency Event"; or 
(e) 
any expropriation, attachment, sequestration, distress, diligence or execution affects its assets 
generally of that party and such process is not discharged, stayed or restrained, in each case, 
within 30 calendar days thereafter. 
"Insolvency Official" means, in respect of any company, a liquidator, provisional liquidator, 
administrator (whether appointed by the court or otherwise), administrative receiver, receiver (including 
any receiver under the Law of Property Act 1925), receiver or manager, nominee, supervisor, trustee in 
bankruptcy, conservator, guardian, monitor or other similar official in respect of such company or in 
respect of all (or substantially all) of the company's assets or in respect of any arrangement or 
composition with creditors or any equivalent or analogous officer under the law of any jurisdiction. 
"Instalment" means, with respect to each Finance Agreement, each scheduled instalment payable 
under such Finance Agreement including the Final Instalment but excluding: 
(a) 
any premia payable to the Seller in respect of any Insurance Policy on behalf of the relevant 
insurer; 
(b) 
any VAT Components receivable by the Issuer in relation to the Transferred Receivables; and 
(c) 
any amounts payable to the Seller under any maintenance contract on behalf of the relevant 
maintenance services provider, in each case, relating to such Finance Agreement. 
"Instalment Due Date" means, in respect of any Instalment, the date on which it is due and payable 
under the relevant Finance Agreement. 
"Insurance Policy" means an insurance policy arranged by the Seller on behalf of the Obligor with an 
insurance company (under a group policy) which covers: 
(a) 
death and/or critical illness and/or disability and/or unemployment of the relevant Obligor; or 
(b) 
any financial shortfall between the insurance settlement received by the Obligor in the event of 
total loss to the Vehicle by fire, theft or material damage beyond repair and the amount required 
by the Seller to settle the Obligor’s Finance Agreement. 
"Interest Component" means in respect of any Instalment of a Finance Agreement received in full by 
the Issuer (or the Servicer) on the relevant Instalment Due Date, an amount equal to: 
(a) 
the Principal Outstanding Balance of the relevant Finance Agreement for the preceding monthly 
period; multiplied by 
(b) 
the Discount Rate of such Finance Agreement; multiplied by 
(c) 
1/12th.

--- Page 251 ---
- 238 - 
"Instructing Party" means: 
(a) 
the Note Trustee, so long as there are any Notes outstanding; or 
(b) 
all of the other Secured Creditors, once there are no Notes outstanding. 
"Insurance Distribution Directive" means Directive (EU) 2016/97.  
"Insurance Non-Compliant Receivable" means, where a Transferred Receivable includes an 
obligation to pay an amount in respect of an insurance premium financed by the Seller, such amount 
was not applied to discharge the obligation to pay the insurance premium to the relevant insurance 
company. 
"Interest Period" means in respect of the first Payment Date, the period commencing on (and including) 
the Initial Issue Date and ending on (but excluding) the first Payment Date, and, in respect of any 
subsequent Payment Date, the period commencing on (and including) the immediately preceding 
Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) such Payment Date, provided that the last Interest Period 
shall end on (but exclude) the Legal Final Maturity Date or, if earlier, the date on which all Notes are 
redeemed in full. 
"Interest Shortfall" has the meaning given to it in Condition 6(a) (Deferral of interest and subordination). 
"Investor Report" means the report prepared by the Cash Manager on the basis of the corresponding 
Preliminary Investor Report in accordance with clause 10.3 (Investor Report) of the Cash Management 
Agreement to (i) comply with Article 7(1)(e) of the EU Securitisation Regulation and containing all the 
relevant information required by the EU Article 7 Technical Standards (such report being the "EU 
Investor Report") and (ii) save to the extent that the Seller is permitted by the FCA to provide only an 
EU Investor Report, comply with Article 7(1)(e) of the UK Securitisation Regulation and containing all 
the relevant information required by the UK Article 7 Technical Standards. 
"Investment Company Act" means the U.S. Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended from time 
to time. 
"Irish Listing Agent" means McCann FitzGerald Listing Services Limited. 
"Issue Date" means the Initial Issue Date and any Further Issue Date. 
"Issuer" means Cars Alliance UK Master Plc (company number 13384308), whose registered office is 
at 1 Bartholomew Lane, London, EC2N 2AX, United Kingdom, as issuer of the Notes. 
"Issuer Accounts" means the General Collection Account, the General Reserve Account and the 
Revolving Account of the Issuer opened on or before the Initial Issue Date and any Additional Account 
opened in accordance with the Bank Account Agreement, in each case with the Account Bank. 
"Issuer ICSDs Agreement" means the ICSDs agreement entered into by the Issuer and the ICSDs 
before any Class A Notes in NSS form will be accepted by the ICSDs. 
"Issuer Event of Default" means the occurrence of an Event of Default with respect to the Issuer. 
"Issuer Expenses" means the following amounts payable by the Issuer in the order set out below:  
(a) 
any amounts required to maintain the corporate existence of the Issuer (including without 
limitation, auditing and making filings at Companies House), then;  
(b) 
pari passu and pro rata, all amounts due under the Transaction Documents to the Security 
Trustee and any Receiver or to the Note Trustee or to any Appointee of the Security Trustee or 
the Note Trustee on account of their fees and expenses (including any legal fees and expenses), 
claims, costs, liabilities or any indemnity payments, then;

--- Page 252 ---
- 239 - 
(c) 
to the Issuer for deposit in the General Collection Account, an amount to be recorded in the 
Issuer Profit Ledger equal to the Issuer Profit Amount to be retained by the Issuer as profit in 
respect of the business of the Issuer, then;  
(d) 
pari passu and pro rata, all amounts due under the Transaction Documents to the Paying Agent 
and the Registrar on account of their fees and expenses (including any legal fees and 
expenses), claims, costs, liabilities or any indemnity payments, then; 
(e) 
pari passu and pro rata, all amounts payable (a) to the Back-Up Servicer Facilitator under the 
Servicing Agreement (if any), (b) to the Corporate Services Provider under the Corporate 
Services Agreement, (c) to the Cash Manager under the Cash Management Agreement (such 
fees to be paid in GBP on the basis of the spot exchange rate on each Calculation Date in 
accordance with the Cash Management Agreement) (d) to the process agent appointed by the 
Cash Manager in accordance with the Cash Management Agreement and (e) to the Account 
Bank under the Bank Account Agreement and (f) to the Rating Agencies, on account of their 
fees and expenses, claims, costs, liabilities or any indemnity payments, then; 
(f) 
any amounts required to pay or discharge any fine, penalty or sanction imposed by a regulator 
or competent authority payable to a regulator or competent authority in connection with any 
breach or alleged breach of any applicable law, including all fees, costs, liabilities and expenses, 
and then; 
(g) 
any amounts that the Issuer is liable to pay to any third parties and any other running costs of 
the Issuer, except those otherwise specifically referred to in the applicable Priority of Payments, 
together with any amount in respect of VAT (if any) on those amounts as provided for under the 
Transaction Documents. 
"Issuer Net Margin" means, in relation to any Payment Date, an amount equal to: 
(a) 
the Collected Income; less 
(b) 
the Payable Costs, 
in each case, in respect of such Payment Date and as determined on the immediately preceding 
Calculation Date. 
"Issuer Profit Ledger" means the ledger for the General Collection Account maintained by the Cash 
Manager in accordance with the Cash Management Agreement. 
"Issuer Power of Attorney" means the security power of attorney dated on or about the Initial Issue 
Date granted by the Issuer in favour of the Security Trustee in, or substantially in, the form set out in the 
Deed of Charge. 
"Issuer Profit Amount" means, (A) until the repayment in full of the Share Capital Loan, with respect 
to any Payment Date, an amount, rounded up to the nearest penny, equal to the product of (x) a fraction, 
the numerator of which is the number of days in the relevant Interest Period, and the denominator of 
which is 365, and (y) the amount of the product of (1) an amount equal to the Note Principal Amount 
Outstanding of the Notes on the Calculation Date prior to such Payment Date and (2) 0.001 per cent 
per annum (or such other amount determined by the Issuer with the consent of the Note Trustee) and 
(B) following the repayment in full of the Share Capital Loan, £100 payable on each Payment Date 
(£1,200 per annum), in each case from which the Issuer will discharge its corporation tax liability (if any). 
"Legal Final Maturity Date" means the Payment Date falling in September 2032, or, if earlier, the date 
on which the Note Principal Amount Outstanding of the Notes has been repaid in full by the Issuer.  
"Liabilities" means, in respect of any person, any losses, damages, costs, charges, awards, claims, 
demands, expenses, judgments, actions, proceedings or other liabilities whatsoever including

--- Page 253 ---
- 240 - 
reasonable legal fees and any taxes and penalties incurred by that person, together with any 
irrecoverable VAT charged or chargeable in respect of any of the sums referred to in this definition. 
“Listing Rules" means the listing rules issued by Euronext Dublin relating to its main securities market. 
"Loss" means, in respect of any Person, any loss, liability, cost, expense, claim, action, suit, judgment, 
and out-of-pocket costs and expenses (including, without limitation, fees and expenses of any 
professional advisor to such Person) which such Person may have incurred or which may be made 
against such Person and any reasonable costs of investigation and defence. 
"Master Definitions Agreement" means the master definitions agreement dated on or about the Initial 
Issue Date between, inter alios, the Issuer, the Seller, the Servicer, the Note Trustee, the Security 
Trustee, the Paying Agent, the Cash Manager, the Registrar, the Corporate Services Provider, Back-
Up Servicer Facilitator and Holdings. 
"Master Receivables Transfer Agreement" means the master receivables transfer agreement 
between, inter alios, the Seller, the Issuer and the Security Trustee on or about the Initial Issue Date, 
under which the Seller sells and assigns the Transferred Receivables to the Issuer during the Revolving 
Period. 
"Material Adverse Effect" means: 
(a) 
with respect to any person or entity, a material adverse effect on the business, operations, 
property, condition (financial or otherwise) or prospects of such person or entity to the extent it 
relates directly to the ability of such person or entity to perform its obligations under the 
Transaction Documents or the Finance Agreements relating to the Transferred Receivables;  
(b) 
with respect to any person or entity, a material adverse effect on the validity or enforceability of 
any Transaction Document or Finance Agreement to which it is a party; or 
(c) 
with respect to the Portfolio, a material adverse effect on the interests of the Issuer or the Security 
Trustee in respect of all the Receivables in the Portfolio as a whole, or on the ability of the Issuer 
(or the Servicer on the Issuer's behalf) to collect amounts due on all the Receivables in the 
Portfolio as a whole or on the ability of the Security Trustee to enforce the Security. 
"Maturity Date" means in relation to a Finance Agreement, the date on which the Final Instalment (and, 
if applicable, any Option to Purchase Fee) is payable in full by the Obligor (assuming, in the case of a 
PCP Agreement, that the relevant Obligor exercises its option to purchase the related Vehicle). 
“Maximum Monthly Receivables Purchase Amount” means the Available Revolving Basis as at such 
Payment Date plus the aggregate Principal Outstanding Balance of the Transferred Receivables to be 
re-transferred by the Seller on such Payment Date and which are Performing Receivables in respect of 
such Transfer Date minus the Partial Early Amortisation Amount (if any) plus the increase amount of the 
existing Series of Notes (if any) and/or the amount of the additional issuance of new Series of Notes (if 
any) on such Issue Date. 
"Maximum Note Interest Rate" means 2% in respect of the Class A Notes.  
"Minimum Effective Yield" means, in relation to a Transfer Date and for a given Finance Agreement, 
the rate equal to 5.9% per annum. 
"Member State" means, as the context may require, a member state of the European Union or of the 
European Economic Area. 
"Modification" has the meaning given to that term in Condition 12(b)(ii) (Amendments and waiver). 
"Modification Certificate" has the meaning given to that term in Condition 12(b)(ii) (Amendments and 
waiver).

--- Page 254 ---
- 241 - 
"Modification Noteholder Notice" has the meaning given to that term in Condition 12(b)(iv)(2) 
(Amendments and waiver). 
"Modification Record Date" has the meaning given to that term in Condition 12(b)(iv)(2) (Amendments 
and waiver). 
"Modified Following Business Day Convention" means that if any due date specified in a Transaction 
Document for performing a certain task (in particular, payments of any amounts) is not a Business Day, 
such task shall be performed (a payment shall be made) on the next day which is a Business Day unless 
it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event such task shall be performed on the 
immediately preceding Business Day. 
"Monthly Delinquency Ratio" means, in relation to any Calculation Date, the ratio between: 
(a) 
the aggregate of: 
(i) 
the Principal Outstanding Balance of all Delinquent Receivables in respect of which an 
amount is overdue for 30 calendar days or more on such Cut Off Date; and 
(ii) 
the aggregate of the Principal Components unpaid of such Delinquent Receivables; and 
(b) 
the aggregate of the Principal Outstanding Balance of all Transferred Receivables at such 
Calculation Date. 
“Monthly Fees” means, in respect of a Payment Date, the sum of: 
(a) 
1/12th of the annual amount of Taxes payable by the Issuer in accordance with the applicable 
Priority of Payments; 
(b) 
the Issuer Profit Amount payable on such Payment Date in accordance with the applicable 
Priority of Payments;  
(c) 
1/12th of the annual cost payable by the Issuer to the Security Trustee, the Note Trustee, any 
Receiver or any Appointee of the Security Trustee or the Note Trustee in accordance with the 
applicable Priority of Payments; 
(d) 
1/12th of the annual fee payable to the Paying Agent and Registrar in accordance with the 
applicable Priority of Payments; 
(e) 
1/12th of the annual fee payable to the Corporate Service Provider in accordance with the 
applicable Priority of Payments; 
(f) 
the monthly fee payable to the Servicer on such Payment Date in accordance with the applicable 
Priority of Payments; 
(g) 
the monthly fee payable to the Cash Manager on such Payment Date in accordance with the 
applicable Priority of Payments; 
(h) 
1/12th of the annual fee payable to the Account Bank in accordance with the applicable Priority 
of Payments; 
(i) 
1/12th of the annual cost payable by the Issuer to the Rating Agencies in accordance with the 
applicable Priority of Payments; and 
(j) 
1/12th of the annual cost payable by the Issuer to the Back-Up Servicer Facilitator (if any) in 
accordance with the applicable Priority of Payments. 
"Monthly Receivables Purchase Amount" means, in relation to any Transfer Date, the amount 
payable by the Issuer to the Seller in respect of the aggregate Initial Purchase Price of the Additional 
Transferred Receivables on such Transfer Date pursuant to the Master Receivables Transfer 
Agreement and, for the avoidance of doubt, subject to the conditions set out in clause 3.1(d) (Offer) and

--- Page 255 ---
- 242 - 
the conditions precedent set out in clause 3.2 (Conditions Precedent and Acceptance) of the Master 
Receivables Transfer Agreement. 
"Most Senior Class of Notes" means, at any time: 
(a)  
the Class A Notes;  
(b)  
if no Class A Notes are then outstanding, the Class B Notes. 
"New Vehicle" means any car, light commercial vehicle, or demonstration vehicle which is not a Used 
Vehicle and which was registered with the Driver and Vehicle Licensing Agency produced under any 
brand and sold by a Car Dealer, purchased by an Obligor under a sale agreement and financed under 
the relevant Finance Agreement. 
"Nissan Group" means the group of companies involved in the production of Nissan branded Vehicles. 
"Non-Compliant Receivables" means any Transferred Receivables (excluding any Vehicle Sale 
Proceeds Receivables) (x) which is an Insurance Non-Compliant Receivable, or (y) in respect of which 
the Servicer amends, prolongs, modifies or waives the terms of such Transferred Receivables or 
amends, modifies or waives any term or condition of the related Finance Agreement the effect of which 
is: 
(a) 
to lower the Implicit Customer Rate payable by the Obligor under the relevant Finance 
Agreement to below the relevant Minimum Effective Yield of such Finance Agreement; 
(b) 
to grant payment extensions in respect of the relevant Finance Agreement of more than three 
months beyond the date of the Final Instalment under such Finance Agreement; 
(c) 
to change the scheduled frequency of payments received from the relevant Obligor to anything 
other than a monthly basis; 
(d) 
to reduce the Principal Outstanding Balance in respect of such Transferred Receivable; or 
(e) 
to grant payment deferrals or other options for assisting customers in respect of the relevant 
Finance Agreement pursuant to the FCA guidelines relating to Covid-19 support measures. 
"Note Principal Amount Outstanding" means, with respect to any date, the amount of any Note 
(rounded downwards, if necessary, to the nearest GBP 0.01) equal to the initial principal amount of such 
Note as, on or before such date, reduced by all amounts paid prior to such date on such Note in respect 
of principal, if any, and increased by any Further Notes. 
"Note Acceleration Notice" means the written notice served by the Note Trustee on the Issuer upon 
the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default, with a copy to the Security Trustee, the Account Bank, the 
Seller, the Servicer, the Cash Manager and the Paying Agent in accordance with the Trust Deed. 
"Note Purchase Agreement" means the subscription agreement entered into by the Issuer, the Seller, 
the Arranger and the Note Purchasers on or about the date of this Base Prospectus. 
"Note Purchaser" means the purchaser of the Class A Notes or the Class B Notes, as applicable.  
"Note Interest Rate" means the Class A Note Interest Rate or the Class B Note Interest Rate, as 
applicable. 
"Note Trustee" means HSBC Corporate Trustee Company (UK) Limited, including its successors and 
assigns. 
"Noteholder" or "Holder" means the person in whose name such Note is registered at that time in the 
Register (including, for the avoidance of doubt, in the case where any of the Notes are subject to a 
tender offer) or, in the case of a joint holding, the first named person; provided that, so long as any of

--- Page 256 ---
- 243 - 
the Class A Notes are represented by a Global Note, the term "Noteholder" or "Holder" will include the 
persons for the time being set out in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the 
holders of a particular principal amount of such Class A Notes in units of £1,000 principal amount of 
Class A Notes for all purposes other than in respect of the payment of principal and interest on such 
Class A Notes, the right to which will be vested as against the Issuer solely in the Holder of each Global 
Note in accordance with and subject to its terms. 
"Notes" means collectively the Initial Notes and any Further Notes. 
"NSS" means the new safekeeping structure applicable to debt securities in global registered form 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intraday credit operations since 1 
October 2010. 
"Obligor(s)" means any individual resident in England, Wales, Scotland or Northern Ireland or any 
corporate entity registered in England, Wales, Scotland or Northern Ireland, who has entered into a 
Finance Agreement with the Seller to fund the purchase of a Vehicle. 
"Obligor Eligibility Criteria" means the obligor eligibility criteria set out in Schedule 8 to the Master 
Receivables Transfer Agreement. 
“Obligors' Personal Data File” means the file containing the personal data of the Obligors and the 
other information as set out in Schedule 2 (Form of Obligors' Personal Data File) of the Servicing 
Agreement.  
"Offer Date" means, in respect of any Payment Date, the Calculation Date immediately before such 
Payment Date. 
"Option to Purchase Fee" means any option to purchase fee specified in the relevant Finance 
Agreement as being payable by the relevant Obligor in order to become the owner of the Vehicle at the 
Maturity Date of the Finance Agreement. 
“Original Financing Amount” means, in relation to a Finance Agreement, the amount of financing 
granted by the Seller to the Obligor on or around the Finance Agreement Effective Date, which will be 
equal to the sum of (i) the Acquisition Price, (ii) the road fund license (if any) and (iii) the first registration 
fee (if any) less any deposit paid by the Obligor in respect of the purchase of the related Vehicle. 
"Ordinary Resolution" means in respect of the holders of any Class of Notes: 
(a) 
a resolution passed at a meeting duly convened and held in accordance with the Trust 
Deed by a majority consisting of at least 50% of the Eligible Persons voting thereat upon a 
show of hands or, if a poll is duly demanded, by a majority consisting of at least 50% of the 
votes cast on such poll; 
(b) 
a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of the Noteholders of at least 50% in aggregate 
Note Principal Amount Outstanding of  the Notes, which resolution may be contained in 
one document or in several documents in like form each signed by or on behalf of one or 
more of the Noteholders; or 
(c) 
consent given by way of electronic consents communicated through the electronic 
communications systems of the relevant Clearing System(s) to the Paying Agent or another 
specified Agent in accordance with the operating rules and procedures of the relevant 
Clearing System(s) by or on behalf of the Noteholders of not less than 50% in aggregate 
Note Principal Amount Outstanding of  the relevant Class of Notes. 
"outstanding" means, for any Class, all the Notes of that Class issued other than: 
(a) 
those which have been redeemed in full in accordance with their Conditions;

--- Page 257 ---
- 244 - 
(b) 
those in respect of which the due date for redemption has occurred in accordance with their 
Conditions and the redemption moneys and interest accrued thereon to the due date of such 
redemption and any interest payable after such date have been paid to the Note Trustee or to 
the Paying Agent in the manner provided in the Agency Agreement and remain available for 
payment against presentation and surrender of the relevant Notes; 
(c) 
those in respect of which claims have become void under their Conditions; 
(d) 
those mutilated or defaced Notes which have been surrendered and cancelled and in respect 
of which replacements have been issued under their Conditions;  
(e) 
(for the purpose only of ascertaining the amount of a Class that is outstanding and without 
prejudice to their status for any other purpose) those Notes which are alleged to have been lost, 
stolen or destroyed and in respect of which replacements have been issued under their 
Conditions; and 
(f) 
any Global Note to the extent that it has been exchanged for the related Definitive Notes in each 
case under their respective provisions; 
provided that for each of the following purposes, namely: 
(i) 
the determination of how many of which Notes of a Class are for the time being outstanding for 
the purposes of any provisions of their Conditions and the Trust Deed requiring calculation of 
the proportion of Noteholders of such Class requesting or directing the Note Trustee to enforce 
the security for such Class, or the provisions for meetings of the Noteholders of such Class set 
out in the Trust Deed; 
(ii) 
any discretion, power or authority which the Note Trustee is required or permitted, expressly or 
impliedly, to exercise in or by reference to the interests of the Noteholders of such Class or any 
of them; and 
(iii) 
the determination by the Note Trustee whether, in its opinion, any event, circumstance, matter 
or thing is or would be materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders or any of them, 
those Notes of the relevant Class, if any, which are beneficially held by or for the account of the Issuer 
or the Seller will be deemed not to remain outstanding, unless they are together the sole beneficial 
holders of that Class of Notes and there are no other Notes outstanding at such time which rank junior 
or pari passu to the Notes held by the Issuer or the Seller. 
“Parent Company” means the entity owning either directly or indirectly 100% of the share capital of the 
Seller. As at the Initial Issue Date, the Parent Company is RCI Banque SA. 
"Partial Early Amortisation" means, during the Revolving Period, if a Partial Early Amortisation Event 
occurs, then, on the immediately following Payment Date, the Class A Notes and the Class B Notes will 
be subject to mandatory redemption in a total amount equal to the Partial Early Amortisation Amount. 
"Partial Early Amortisation Amount" means the Class A Partial Early Amortisation Amount and the 
Class B Partial Early Amortisation Amount. 
"Partial Early Amortisation Event" means the event occurring during the Revolving Period when: 
(a) 
one of the options to re-transfer Transferred Receivables pursuant to the clauses 7.3 (Re-
transfer Option), 7.4 (Re-transfer Option of Transferred Receivables in relation to Electric 
Vehicles) and 7.5 (Optional re-transfer of Defaulted Receivables) of the Master Receivables 
Transfer Agreement is exercised by the Seller; or  
(b) 
during 2 consecutive Payment Dates, the Residual Revolving Basis is greater than 7.5% of the 
Aggregate Note Principal Amount Outstanding of all the Notes.

--- Page 258 ---
- 245 - 
"Payable Costs" means, in relation to any Payment Date, the sum of: 
(a) 
the Monthly Fees;  
(b) 
and the Class A Notes Interest Amounts. 
 in both cases, in respect of such Payment Date. 
"Paying Agent" means HSBC Bank plc, any successor thereof or any other Person appointed as 
replacement paying agent from time to time in accordance with the Agency Agreement.  
"Payment Date" means the 20th of each calendar month, provided that if any such day is not a Business 
Day, such Payment Date shall be postponed to the first following day that is a Business Day; any 
reference to a Payment Date relating to a given Collection Period or Cut-Off Date shall be a reference 
to the Payment Date falling within the calendar month following such Collection Period or Cut-Off Date. 
"PCP Agreement" means each personal contract purchase agreement entered into between an Obligor 
and the Seller substantially in the form set out in Schedule 4 (Agreed form of Finance Agreements) to 
the Master Receivables Transfer Agreement or as otherwise permitted pursuant to the terms of the 
Master Receivables Transfer Agreement. 
"Perfection Event" means the occurrence of any of the following events: 
(a) 
a Servicer Termination Event; 
(b) 
a Seller Event of Default; or 
(c) 
it becomes necessary by law to perfect the Issuer’s legal title to the Transferred Receivables, 
(or procure the perfection of the Issuer’s legal title to the Transferred Receivables) in 
accordance with the terms of the Master Receivables Transfer Agreement.  
"Perfection Event Notice" means in respect of a Transferred Receivable a notice sent to the Obligors 
of the Transferred Receivable (substantially in the form set out in Part A of Schedule 10 (Form of 
Notification to Obligors and Form of Notification to RV Subcontractors/Car Dealers) of the Master 
Receivables Transfer Agreement) stating that such Transferred Receivable has been assigned by the 
Seller to the Issuer pursuant to the Master Receivables Transfer Agreement and instructing the Obligors 
to make payments to the General Collection Account or any other account compliant with the 
Transaction Documents. 
"Performing Receivable" means any Transferred Receivable (excluding any Vehicle Sale Proceeds 
Receivable) that is neither a Defaulted Receivable nor a Transferred Receivable that has been fully 
repaid or fully written off. 
"Permitted Indebtedness" means any indebtedness of the Issuer: 
(a) 
under the Notes; 
(b) 
by way of Subordinated Loans made to the Issuer by the Subordinated Lender under the 
Subordinated Loan Agreement; and 
(c) 
arising under any other Transaction Document. 
“Permitted Security Interest” means a Security Interest created pursuant to the Deed of Charge. 
"Person" means an individual, partnership, corporation (including a business trust), unincorporated 
association, trust, joint stock company, limited liability company, joint venture or other entity, or a 
government or political subdivision, agency or instrumentality thereof.

--- Page 259 ---
- 246 - 
"Portfolio" means, at any time, all Transferred Receivables and all other assets and rights relating to 
the related HP Agreements purported to be transferred or granted to the Issuer pursuant to the Master 
Receivables Transfer Agreement on the Initial Issue Date. 
"Portfolio Performance Criteria" means, in respect of any Calculation Date, the Average Net Margin 
is equal to or above zero for the Payment Date immediately following such Calculation Date. 
"Portfolio Limits Criteria" shall have the meaning given to it in Schedule 9 to the Master Receivables 
Transfer Agreement. 
"Post-Enforcement Period Priority of Payments" means the priority of payments set out in Part C of 
Schedule 1 (Priorities of Payment) to the Cash Management Agreement. 
"Potential Event of Default" means an event or circumstance that will with the giving of notice, lapse 
of time, making of a determination and/or a combination thereof become an Event of Default. 
"PRA" means the Prudential Regulation Authority of the United Kingdom or any regulatory authority that 
may succeed it as a United Kingdom regulator. 
"Pre-Enforcement Amortisation Period" means the period which shall take effect from (and including) 
the date of the occurrence of a Revolving Period Early Termination Event (provided that, on or prior to 
such date, a Note Acceleration Notice has not been delivered by the Note Trustee pursuant to the Trust 
Deed) to (but excluding) the date of the earliest of the occurrence of (a) the earlier of the date as of 
which the Class A Notes have been redeemed in full and the Legal Final Maturity Date of the Class A 
Notes or (b) the delivery of a Note Acceleration Notice by the Note Trustee pursuant to the Trust Deed. 
"Pre-Enforcement Amortisation Period Priority of Payments" means the priority of payments set out 
in Part B of Schedule 1 (Priorities of Payment) to the Cash Management Agreement. 
"Preliminary Investor Report" means the report prepared by the Cash Manager to (i) comply with 
Article 7(1)(e) of the EU Securitisation Regulation and containing all the relevant information required 
by the EU Article 7 Technical Standards and (ii) save to the extent that the Seller is permitted by the 
FCA to provide only an EU Investor Report, comply with Article 7(1)(e) of the UK Securitisation 
Regulation and containing all the relevant information required by the UK Article 7 Technical 
Standards. 
"Principal Amortised Amount" means, in relation to any Payment Date, the sum of: 
(a) 
the Principal Payable Amount in respect of the immediately preceding Collection Period; and  
(b) 
the Principal Outstanding Balance of the Performing Receivables that have become Defaulted 
Receivables during such Collection Period; and 
(c) 
the aggregate amount of EC Return Loss of PCP Agreements for which (x) the relevant Obligor 
has not exercised its option to purchase the related Vehicle and (y) the EC Return Receivables 
have not been repurchased by the Seller and which have been determined during the preceding 
Collection Period. 
"Principal Amount" means, in relation to any Collection Period, the sum of (without double counting): 
(a) 
the amounts of Principal Component received by the Issuer (or the Servicer) during that 
Collection Period in respect of Transferred Receivables (excluding any Vehicle Sale Proceeds 
Receivables and Recoveries) from Obligors or any person providing Collateral Security in 
respect of Transferred Receivables; 
(b) 
the Principal Outstanding Balance of Transferred Receivables which are Affected Receivables 
or Non-Compliant Receivables and which are repurchased by the Seller or, as the case may 
be, the Servicer on the Calculation Date immediately following such Collection Period;

--- Page 260 ---
- 247 - 
(c) 
to the extent that the relevant Transferred Receivable is neither a Defaulted Receivable nor a 
Delinquent Receivable, the amounts of Principal Component recoveries and insurance 
payments received by the Issuer (or the Servicer) during such Collection Period under any 
Insurance Policy in respect of any Transferred Receivable (excluding any Vehicle Sale Proceed 
Receivables); 
(d) 
the RV Receivables Repurchase Price received by the Issuer during such Collection Period in 
relation to EC Return Receivables and which are repurchased by the Seller on the Calculation 
Date falling immediately following such Collection Period; 
(e) 
any principal amount received by the Issuer in connection with (i) the Seller repurchasing 
Affected Receivables, (ii) the Seller repurchasing the Portfolio pursuant to clause 7.2 (RV 
Receivables Repurchase Commitment) of the Master Receivables Transfer Agreement, (iii) the 
Servicer purchasing the Non-Compliant Receivables or (iv) the Issuer otherwise selling any 
Transferred Receivables;
(f) 
in respect of any Vehicle Sale Proceeds Receivables in relation to EC Return Receivables 
(excluding any Vehicle Sale Proceeds Receivable in respect of which the related Transferred 
Receivable has been sold by the Issuer), any Vehicle Sale Proceeds received by the Issuer (or 
the Servicer) during that Collection Period in respect of such Vehicle Sale Proceeds Receivables 
capped at the relevant amount of the Final Instalment of the relevant PCP Agreement. 
"Principal Component" means: 
(a) 
in respect of any Instalment of a Finance Agreement received in full by the Issuer (or the 
Servicer) on the relevant Instalment Due Date, an amount equal to the difference between the 
amount of the relevant Instalment and the Interest Component of such Instalment; and 
(b) 
in respect of any amounts prepaid in full or in part (excluding Excluded Proceeds) in relation to 
any Transferred Receivable which is subject to an Early Settlement (the "Prepaid Amount") 
received on any date under the relevant Finance Agreement by the Issuer (or the Servicer), the 
Principal Component in respect of any such Prepaid Amount shall be an amount equal to the 
lesser of: 
(i) 
the Prepaid Amount in respect of such Finance Agreement; and 
(ii) 
the Principal Outstanding Balance of the Transferred Receivable relating to such 
Finance Agreement on such date. 
"Principal Outstanding Balance" means, in respect of the Transferred Receivables (excluding any 
Vehicle Sale Proceeds Receivables and Recoveries) under a Finance Agreement: 
(a)  
on the Initial Issue Date or the relevant Transfer Date, the present value of all Instalments in 
respect of such Transferred Receivables (excluding any applicable Option to Purchase Fee) 
payable after such date, discounted by the Discount Rate as at the first Instalment Due Date 
immediately preceding such Transfer Date (the "Initial Principal Outstanding Balance"); or 
(b)  
on any date following the relevant Transfer Date, an amount equal to (i) the Initial Principal 
Outstanding Balance of such Transferred Receivables less (ii) the aggregate amount of the 
Principal Components of such Transferred Receivables which have been paid or have become 
due since the relevant Transfer Date up to the earlier of (x) such date which follows the relevant 
Transfer Date, and (y) the date when such Transferred Receivable became a Defaulted 
Receivable (if applicable). 
“Principal Payable Amount” means on any Payment Date in respect of any given Collection Period, 
the sum of 
(a) 
the Principal Amount relating to such Collection Period; and

--- Page 261 ---
- 248 - 
(b) 
 the aggregate amounts of Principal Component of the Instalments which were 
scheduled to be paid during such Collection Period in relation to Delinquent Receivables 
but were not paid. 
"Priority of Payments" means the Revolving Period Priority of Payments, the Pre-Enforcement 
Amortisation Period Priority of Payments or the Post-Enforcement Period Priority of Payments (as 
applicable). 
"Programme" means the GBP 1,600,000,000 programme for the issuance of asset backed notes 
described in the Base Prospectus. 
"Programme Limit" means £1,000,000,000 of Class A Notes and £600,000,000 of Class B Notes. 
"Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
"Prudent Lender" means a reasonably prudent FCA-regulated lender originating and servicing loans 
on terms similar to the Finance Agreements. 
"Purchase Price" means, for each Transferred Receivable, the Initial Purchase Price plus the Deferred 
Purchase Price. 
"Purchase Shortfall" means any of the following event : 
(a) 
for three (3) consecutive Payment Dates, the Residual Revolving Basis on each such 
date exceeded ten (10) per cent. of the Aggregate Notes Principal Amount Outstanding 
of all the Notes on each such date, after giving effect to any distributions to be made on 
the same date; or  
(b) 
during three (3) consecutive Payment Dates, no Eligible Receivable was purchased by 
the Issuer from the Seller, for any reason, including the event that any of the Conditions 
Precedent were not complied with on the due date. 
"Rating Agencies" means Fitch and S&P. 
"Rating Agency Confirmation" means, a confirmation in writing by the relevant Rating Agencies that 
the then current ratings of the Most Senior Class of Notes will not be downgraded, qualified or withdrawn 
as a result of the relevant event or matter provided that if: (a) a confirmation or affirmation of rating or 
other response by a Rating Agency is a condition to any action or step under any Transaction Document; 
and (b) a written request for such confirmation affirmation or response is delivered to that Rating Agency 
by any of the Issuer, the Servicer and/or the Note Trustee, as applicable (each a "Requesting Party") 
and one or more of the Rating Agencies (each a "Non-Responsive Rating Agency") indicates that it 
does not consider such confirmation, affirmation or response necessary in the circumstances, the 
Requesting Party shall be entitled to disregard the requirement for a confirmation or affirmation of rating 
or other response by each Non-Responsive Rating Agency which provides such indication and proceed 
on the basis of the confirmations or affirmations of rating or other  responses received by each other 
Rating Agency or, if all the Rating Agencies indicate that they do not consider such confirmation, 
affirmation or response necessary in the circumstances, on the basis that such confirmation or 
affirmation of rating or other response by a Rating Agency is not required in the particular circumstances 
of the request. If a Rating Agency does not respond to a written request for a confirmation or affirmation 
of rating such non response shall not be interpreted to mean that such Rating Agency has given any 
deemed confirmation or affirmation of rating or other response in respect of such action or step or any 
deemed indication that it does not consider such confirmation, affirmation or response necessary in the 
circumstances, provided that in the event of a non-response from all Rating Agencies, the Requesting 
Party will be entitled to proceed on the basis that such confirmation or affirmation of rating or other 
response by a Rating Agency is not required in the particular circumstances of the request. 
"RCI Group" means RCI Banque S.A., the Seller and any of the Subsidiaries of RCI Banque S.A.

--- Page 262 ---
- 249 - 
"Regulatory Authority" means the FCA, the FOS and any other governmental or regulatory body 
(whether in the UK or otherwise) that is (or, where the context requires in the relevant Transaction 
Document, has formerly been) responsible for the authorisation, regulation, licensing and/or supervision 
of firms carrying on financial services and lending business of any kind. 
"Resolution Authority" means any body which has authority to exercise any Write-down and 
Conversion Powers. 
"Re-transfer Amount" means, in relation to any Transferred Receivable referred to in a Re-transfer 
Request: (a) the corresponding Re-transfer Price; plus (b) an amount equal to the total of all additional, 
specific, direct and indirect, reasonable and justified costs and expenses incurred by the Issuer in 
relation to such Receivable and for which the Issuer has requested payment in writing, provided that 
such expenses shall not include the administrative costs borne by the Issuer in connection with its 
holding of such Receivable. 
"Re-transfer Date" means the date of the retransfer to the Seller of any Re-transferred Receivables by 
the Issuer, pursuant to the provisions of the Master Receivables Transfer Agreement, which shall occur 
no later than on the Payment Date immediately following the date of acceptance of the Re-transfer 
Request. 
"Re-transfer Price" means, in relation to any Transferred Receivable referred to in a Re-transfer 
Request, the price to be paid by the Seller to the Issuer for the retransfer of that Receivable, being: 
(a) 
its Principal Outstanding Balance, as of the Cut-Off Date preceding the corresponding Re-
transfer Date (exclusive of VAT); plus 
(b) 
any amounts of principal and interest in arrears in respect of such Transferred Receivable. 
"Re-transfer Request" means the written request to be delivered by the Seller to the Issuer to request 
the Issuer (copying the Cash Manager) to transfer back to the Seller any Transferred Receivables, 
pursuant to the provisions of the Master Receivables Transfer Agreement. 
“Re-transferred Receivable” means any Receivable or Vehicle Sale Proceeds Receivable sold or 
transferred by the Issuer pursuant to clause 7 (Repurchase and Sale of Transferred Receivables) of the 
Master Receivables Transfer Agreement or clause 8 (Repurchase of Non-Compliant Receivables) of 
the Servicing Agreement or otherwise. 
"Receivable" means each Sterling-denominated monetary obligation of the Obligors, arising from 
Finance Agreements and the related Ancillary Rights and, in relation to any Receivables transferred (or 
to be transferred) to the Issuer pursuant to the Master Receivables Transfer Agreement, shall include 
all the right, title, interest and benefit of the Seller in each such Receivable, including the right to demand, 
sue for, recover, receive and grant receipts for all amounts outstanding from time to time under each 
such Receivable, the unpaid amount thereof and the interest due or to become due under the related 
Receivable after the relevant Cut-off Date, including the principal balance of such Receivables as at the 
opening of business (London time) on the day immediately after the relevant Cut-off Date and all 
amounts payable under the Receivables after the relevant Cut-off Date. 
"Receivables Eligibility Criteria" means the eligibility criteria set out in Schedule 7 to the Master 
Receivables Transfer Agreement. 
"Receivables Offer IT Files" means the Initial Issue Date Receivables Offer IT File and the Additional 
Receivables Offer IT Files. 
"Receivables Representations" means the representations and warranties given by the Seller 
pursuant to Schedule 6 to the Master Receivables Transfer Agreement. 
"Receiver" or "receiver" means any receiver (including a receiver under the Law of Property Act 1925), 
receiver and manager or administrative receiver or any analogous officer in any jurisdiction (who in the

--- Page 263 ---
- 250 - 
case of an administrative receiver is a qualified person in accordance with the Insolvency Act 1986) and 
who is appointed by the Security Trustee under the Deed of Charge in respect of the security and 
includes more than one such receiver and any substituted receiver. 
"Recovery(ies)" means, in respect of a Collection Period, any amount received by the Servicer in 
connection with any Transferred Receivable that was a Defaulted Receivable or Delinquent Receivable 
at the commencement of such Collection Period. 
"Redelivered Vehicle" means a Vehicle redelivered by the Obligor to the Servicer relating to a 
Transferred Receivable (excluding any Vehicle Sale Proceeds Receivable) which has become a RV 
Receivable. 
"Register" means the register kept at the specified office of the Registrar on which will be entered the 
names and addresses of the holders of the Notes and the particulars of such Notes held by them and 
all transfers and redemptions of such Notes. 
"Registrar" means HSBC Bank plc, acting through its office at 8 Canada Square, London, E14 5HQ. 
“Relevant Information” means any information that is furnished by the Seller or the Issuer or their 
respective professional advisers (including legal advisors and auditors) in writing, directly or indirectly, 
to the Arranger and the Note Purchasers in connection with the Transaction. 
"Replacement Cash Manager" means the replacement cash manager appointed pursuant to the terms 
of the Cash Management Agreement. 
"Repossessed Vehicle" means a Vehicle repossessed by the Servicer relating to a Transferred 
Receivable which has become a Defaulted Receivable. 
"Repurchase Date" means the date on which a Transferred Receivable is repurchased by the Seller 
pursuant to the Master Receivables Transfer Agreement or, in respect of any Transferred Receivable 
which has never existed, or ceases to exist, such that it is not outstanding on the date on which it would 
otherwise be due to be so repurchased, the date on which it would otherwise be due to be repurchased 
pursuant to the Master Receivables Transfer Agreement had such Transferred Receivable existed. 
"Repurchase Price" means, in relation to any Affected Receivable or Non-Compliant Receivable, an 
amount equal to the Principal Outstanding Balance of such Receivable at the end of the Collection 
Period (exclusive of VAT) immediately preceding the repurchase of such Affected Receivable pursuant 
to clause 7 (Repurchase and Sale of Transferred Receivables) of the Master Receivables Transfer 
Agreement or the purchase of the Non-Compliant Receivable pursuant to clause 8 (Repurchase of Non-
Compliant Receivables) of the Servicing Agreement, together with accrued but unpaid interest on such 
Receivable to the next following Cut-Off Date. 
"Required Ratings" means: 
(A) with respect to the Account Bank:  
(i)  
a long-term deposit rating or, if no long-term deposit rating is assigned, a long-term issuer 
default rating by Fitch of at least "A" or a short-term deposit rating or, if no short-term deposit 
rating is assigned, a short-term issuer default rating by Fitch of at least "F1"; and 
(ii)  
its unsecured, unsubordinated and unguaranteed long-term debt obligations being rated at least 
"A" by S&P or its unsecured, unsubordinated and unguaranteed short-term debt obligations are 
rated at least "A-1" by S&P; and 
(B) with respect to the Servicer Collection Account Bank:

--- Page 264 ---
- 251 - 
(i) 
its unsecured, unsubordinated and unguaranteed long-term debt obligations being rated at least 
"BBB" by S&P or its unsecured, unsubordinated and unguaranteed short-term debt obligations 
are rated at least "A-2" by S&P, 
or such other rating or ratings as may be agreed by the relevant Rating Agency from time to time (or as 
are consistent with the then published criteria of the relevant Rating Agency) as would maintain the then 
current ratings of the Notes. 
"Residual Revolving Basis" means: 
(a) 
on the Initial Issue Date, the positive difference between: 
(i) 
the Initial Note Principal Amount; 
(ii) 
the Initial Principal Outstanding Balance of the Transferred Receivables as at the 
Initial Issue Date; 
(b) 
on each Payment Date falling within the Revolving Period, the positive difference between: 
(i) 
the Available Revolving Basis as at such Payment Date; and 
(ii) 
the Monthly Receivables Purchase Amount as at such Payment Date. 
"Revolving Account" means the bank account opened by the Issuer with the Account Bank (with 
account number 22422568 and IBAN GB77LOY30801222422568) which will be credited with the 
Residual Revolving Basis. 
"Revolving Basis" means, on any Payment Date during the Revolving Period, the Principal Amortised 
Amount. 
"Revolving Period" means the period of time beginning on (and including) the Initial Issue Date and 
ending on the Revolving Period Termination Date. 
"Revolving Period Early Termination Date" means the date on which a Revolving Period Early 
Termination Event occurs. 
"Revolving Period Early Termination Event" means the occurrence of any of the following events: 
(a) 
an Issuer Event of Default occurs; 
(b) 
a Seller Event of Default occurs; 
(c) 
a Servicer Termination Event occurs; 
(d) 
a Perfection Event occurs; 
(e) 
any of the Portfolio Performance Criteria are not satisfied; 
(f) 
a Purchase Shortfall occurs; 
(g) 
the Cash Manager becomes aware that, in relation to any Transfer Date, the Seller is under an 
obligation but is not able to transfer additional Receivables to the Issuer (except if such inability 
is due to technical reasons and is remedied on the following Transfer Date); 
(h) 
no Eligible Receivables have been purchased by the Issuer from the Seller on three successive 
Payment Dates relating to Collection Periods falling within the Revolving Period, for any reason; 
or 
(i) 
it becomes unlawful or contrary to regulation in any applicable jurisdiction for the Issuer to 
purchase any additional Receivables.

--- Page 265 ---
- 252 - 
"Revolving Period Priority of Payments" means  the priority of payments set out in Part A of Schedule 
1 (Priorities of Payment) to the Cash Management Agreement. 
"Revolving Period Scheduled End Date" means the Payment Date falling in September 2025 
(included). 
"Revolving Period Termination Date" means the earlier of (i) the Revolving Period Scheduled End 
Date (included) and (ii) the Revolving Period Early Termination Date (excluded). 
"Retention Requirements" means Article 6 of the UK Securitisation Regulation and Article 6 of the EU 
Securitisation Regulation.  
"Risk Retention U.S. Person" means a U.S. person as defined in the U.S. Risk Retention Rules. 
"RV Default Calculation Date" means, in relation to a Transferred Receivable, the second Cut-Off Date 
following the date on which such Transferred Receivable became an EC Return Receivable. 
"RV Receivables" means any Transferred Receivables (excluding any Vehicle Sale Proceeds 
Receivables) in respect of which one of the following events occurs: 
(a)  
a Voluntary Termination Event; or 
(b)  
such Transferred Receivables becoming EC Return Receivables. 
"RV Receivables Repurchase Commitment" has the meaning given to it in clause 7.2 of the Master 
Receivables Transfer Agreement. 
"RV Receivables Repurchase Price" means, in relation to any RV Receivable, an amount equal to the 
Principal Outstanding Balance of such Receivable at the end of the Collection Period (exclusive of VAT) 
immediately before the Transferred Receivable became an RV Receivable. 
"RV Subcontractors" means any third party (including any auctioneers) appointed by the Seller, the 
Issuer or the Servicer to provide sales services in relation to Redelivered Vehicles. 
"S&P" means S&P Global Ratings UK Limited. 
"Sanctions" means any economic or financial sanctions, trade embargoes or similar measures enacted, 
administered or enforced by any of the US Department of the Treasury’s Office of Foreign Assets 
Control, the US Department of State, the United Nations Security Council, the European Union, Her 
Majesty’s Treasury or the Hong Kong Monetary Authority. 
"Sanctions Target" means an individual or entity ("Person") that is, or is owned or controlled by 
Persons that are, (i) a target of any Sanctions or (ii) located, organised or resident in a country or territory 
that is the target of or subject to general or country-wide Sanctions, currently, the Crimea region, Cuba, 
Iran, North Korea and Syria, other than, in each case, to the extent that such representation and warranty 
would result in a violation of Council Regulation (EC) No 2271/96, as amended (or any law or regulation 
implementing such Regulation in any member state of the European Union or the United Kingdom) or 
any similar blocking or anti-boycott law in the United Kingdom. 
"Scottish Declarations of Trust" means each declaration of trust by the Seller in favour of the Issuer 
expressed to be governed by Scots law entered into pursuant to clause 2.7 or clause 3.4 of the Master 
Receivables Transfer Agreement in substantially the form set out in Schedule 12 (Form of Scottish 
Declaration of Trust) of the Master Receivables Transfer Agreement. 
"Scottish Deed of Charge" means each Scots law assignation in security granted by the Seller in favour 
of the Issuer, pursuant to clause 3.7 (Scottish Receivables) of the Deed of Charge in substantially the 
form set out in Schedule 3 (Form of Scottish Deed of Charge) of the Deed of Charge.

--- Page 266 ---
- 253 - 
"Seasoning" means, in respect of a Performing Receivable and any Cut-Off Date, the number of months 
elapsed between the relevant Finance Agreement Effective Date and the Instalment Due Date relating 
to such Transferred Receivable (excluding any Vehicle Sale Proceeds Receivable) preceding such Cut-
Off Date. 
"Secured Creditors" means the Noteholders, the Corporate Services Provider, the Cash Manager, the 
Account Bank, the Subordinated Lender, the Paying Agent, the Registrar, the Note Trustee, the Security 
Trustee, the Seller, the Servicer, the Back-Up Servicer Facilitator and any Receiver and any other party 
which becomes a secured creditor pursuant to the Deed of Charge. 
"Secured Obligations" means all duties and liabilities (present and future, actual and contingent) of the 
Issuer which the Issuer has covenanted with the Security Trustee to pay to the Noteholders and the 
other Secured Creditors pursuant to the Deed of Charge. 
"Securities Act" means the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 
"Securitisation Regulations" means the UK Securitisation Regulation and the EU Securitisation 
Regulation. 
"Security" means all Adverse Claims from time to time created by the Issuer in favour of the Security 
Trustee (as trustee on behalf of itself and the other Secured Creditors) pursuant to the Deed of Charge. 
“Security Interest” means: 
(a) 
a mortgage, charge, pledge, lien, assignation in security, encumbrance or other security interest 
securing any obligation of any person; 
(b) 
any arrangement under which money or claims to, or the benefit of, a bank or other account may 
be applied, set-off or made subject to a combination of accounts so as to effect payment of sums 
owed or payable to any person; or 
(c) 
any other type of preferential arrangement (including title transfer and retention arrangements) 
having a similar effect. 
"Security Trustee" means HSBC Corporate Trustee Company (UK) Limited, including its successors 
and assigns. 
"Seller" means RCI Financial Services Ltd. 
"Seller Event of Default" means the occurrence of any of the following events: 
(a) 
an Event of Default occurs with respect to the Seller; or 
(b) 
any payment obligation of the Seller under any Transaction Documents to which the Seller is 
party is or becomes, for any reason, ineffective, or unenforceable, except if this is capable of 
remedy and is remedied by the Seller within two Business Days. 
"Seller Performance Criteria" means: 
(a) 
the continuation of all Supplementary Services in accordance with the Underwriting and 
Collection Procedures of the Seller and the provisions of the Transaction Documents and the 
payment by the Seller of all amounts (including amounts described in paragraphs (a), (b) and (c) 
of the definition of "Collections") collected by the Seller in relation to the Transferred Receivables 
to the General Collection Account as soon as reasonably practicable after the Seller receives 
such amounts; and 
(b) 
in the event that any Obligor defaults under the relevant Finance Agreement in respect of a 
Transferred Receivable or the related Transferred Receivable (excluding any Vehicle Sale 
Proceeds Receivables) becomes an RV Receivable, the recovery (or attempted recovery) and

--- Page 267 ---
- 254 - 
sale of the relevant Vehicle in accordance with the Underwriting and Collection Procedures of 
the Seller and the payment by the Seller of the relevant Vehicle Sale Proceeds to the General 
Collection Account as soon as reasonably practicable after the Seller receives such Vehicle Sale 
Proceeds. 
"Seller Power of Attorney" means the power of attorney granted in favour of the Issuer pursuant to the 
Master Receivables Transfer Agreement. 
"Series" means a series of a Class of Notes issued on a single date and subject to the same Conditions. 
"Servicer" means RCI Financial Services Ltd or at any time the Person then authorised pursuant to the 
Servicing Agreement to service, administer and collect the Transferred Receivables.  
"Servicer Collection Account " means the account held in the name of the Servicer (with sort code 60-
17-32 and account number 10616098) into which amounts received from Obligors in respect of the 
Transferred Receivables are made. 
"Servicer Collection Account Bank" means National Westminster Bank plc. 
"Servicer Collection Account Declaration of Trust" means the declaration of trust granted by the 
Servicer as supplemented by a supplemental collection account declaration of trust on or about the 
Initial Issue Date, in favour of, among others, the Issuer over the aggregate amount standing to the 
credit of Servicer Collection Account which relates to Transferred Receivables.  
"Servicer Termination Event" means the occurrence of any of the following events: 
(a) 
an Event of Default occurs with respect to the Servicer; 
(b) 
any payment obligation of the Servicer under any Transaction Document to which the Servicer 
is party is or becomes, for any reason, ineffective, or unenforceable, except if this is capable of 
remedy and is remedied by the Servicer within two Business Days; or 
(c) 
the appointment of the Servicer is terminated and no replacement servicer is appointed in 
accordance with the terms of the Servicing Agreement. 
"Servicing Agreement" means the servicing agreement entered into between, inter alios, the Issuer, 
the Servicer, the Back-Up Servicer Facilitator and the Security Trustee on or about the Initial Issue Date.  
"Servicing Fee" has the meaning given to it in clause 13 (Fees, Costs and Expenses) of the Servicing 
Agreement. 
"Servicing Report" means the report to be provided by the Servicer on each Information Date to the 
Cash Manager with respect to the relevant Collection Period in order to: 
(i)  
comply with Article 7(1)(a) of the EU Securitisation Regulation, containing loan by loan and other 
information in relation to the Portfolio and containing all the relevant information required by the 
EU Article 7 Technical Standards (such report being the "EU Servicing Report"); and 
(ii)  
save to the extent that the Seller is permitted by the FCA to provide only an EU Servicing Report, 
comply with Article 7(1)(a) of the UK Securitisation Regulation, containing loan by loan and other 
information in relation to the Portfolio and containing all the relevant information required by the 
UK Article 7 Technical Standards.  
“Share Capital Loan” means the loan under the share capital loan agreement dated 9 August 2021 
between Holdings and the Share Trustee.  
"Share Trustee" means Intertrust Corporate Services Limited. 
"Signing Date" means 5 October 2021.

--- Page 268 ---
- 255 - 
"Single Obligor Concentration" means, in respect of any Calculation Date, and of Transferred 
Receivables (excluding any Vehicle Sale Proceeds Receivable), the ratio of: 
(a) 
the aggregate amount of the Principal Outstanding Balances of the Performing Receivables 
owed by any Obligor as of the Cut-Off Date preceding such Calculation Date; to 
(b) 
the sum of the Principal Outstanding Balances of all Performing Receivables as of the Cut-Off 
Date immediately preceding that Calculation Date, 
provided that, for the purposes of calculating this ratio, the additional Receivables proposed to be 
purchased on the next following Payment Date shall be considered to be Transferred Receivables. 
"Standard of Care" means, in relation to the Servicer, that the Servicer shall perform its obligations under 
the Transaction Documents in good faith and with reasonable skill and care (i) in a manner consistent 
with policies, practices and procedures (the "Minimum Customary Procedures") generally followed by 
reputable and prudent finance providers in the United Kingdom in respect of receivables similar in nature 
and character to the Receivables ("comparable receivables") from time to time; and (ii) in a manner 
consistent with the Underwriting and Collection Procedures in force at such time if these are more 
rigorous than the Minimum Customary Procedures using that degree of skill and attention that the 
Servicer exercises with respect to comparable receivables that it owns beneficially and not discriminating 
its servicing and administration of Transferred Receivables relative to its servicing and administration of 
receivables beneficially owned by it. 
"Subordinated Lender" means RCI Financial Services Ltd. 
"Subordinated Loan" means any loan advanced by the Subordinated Lender to the Issuer pursuant to 
the Subordinated Loan Agreement in order to fund the General Reserve. On the Initial Issue Date the 
outstanding amount of the Subordinated Loan will be £10,417,000.00. 
"Subordinated Loan Advance" means the amount of the Subordinated Loan to be advanced to the 
General Reserve Account to reflect the increase in the General Reserve Required Level following the 
Further Issue Date. 
"Subordinated Loan Advance Repayment Amount" means the amount payable to the Subordinated 
Lender in accordance with the applicable Priority of Payments.  
"Subordinated Loan Agreement" means the agreement so named dated the Initial Issue Date between 
the Issuer and the Subordinated Lender. 
"Subsidiary" or "subsidiary" means a subsidiary within the meaning of section 1159 of the Companies 
Act 2006 or a subsidiary undertaking within the meaning of section 1162 of the Companies Act 2006. 
"Supplementary Service" means, in relation to any Receivables, any insurance or supplementary 
service relating thereto (including the provision of any Insurance Policy, or other service in connection 
with the relevant Finance Agreement). 
"Tax" means any tax, levy, impost, duty or other charge or withholding of a similar nature imposed in 
any jurisdiction (including any penalty or interest payable in connection with any failure to pay or any 
delay in paying the same). 
"Tax Authority" means any authority competent to collect, assess or administer Tax. 
"Tax Deduction" means a deduction or withholding for or on account of Tax from a payment under a 
Transaction Document, other than a FATCA Deduction. 
"Tax Information Arrangement" means any governmental or inter-governmental arrangement, or other 
arrangement between competent authorities, for the cross-border exchange of tax information 
applicable in any jurisdiction (or any treaty, law, regulation, or official guidance enacted, issued or

--- Page 269 ---
- 256 - 
amended in any jurisdiction which facilitates the implementation of such arrangement) including (without 
limitation) FATCA, any arrangement analogous to FATCA, the OECD global standard for automatic and 
multilateral exchange of financial information between tax authorities (also known as the "Common 
Reporting Standard") and any bilateral or multilateral tax information agreement between the United 
Kingdom and any other jurisdiction(s). 
"Test Date" means the date the Seller Performance Criteria are tested by the Servicer in accordance 
with clause 10 (Reporting) of the Servicing Agreement. 
"Transaction" means the securitisation transaction in connection with which the Notes are issued and 
to which the Transaction Documents refer. 
"Transaction Documents" means the Trust Deed, the Deed of Charge (and any document entered into 
pursuant thereto and the Issuer Power of Attorney), the Agency Agreement, the Bank Account 
Agreement, the Cash Management Agreement, the Master Receivables Transfer Agreement, the Seller 
Power of Attorney, the Servicing Agreement, the Global Notes representing the Class A Notes, the 
Definitive Notes, the Note Purchase Agreement, the Master Definitions Agreement, the Subordinated 
Loan Agreement, the Servicer Collection Account Declaration of Trust, the Corporate Services 
Agreement, the Vehicle Floating Charge, the Scottish Declaration of Trust  and the Issuer ICSDs 
Agreement and other agreement entered into between the Transaction Parties from time to time which 
designated as a "Transaction Document" by the parties thereto. 
"Transaction Party" means a party to a Transaction Document.  
"Transfer Date" means the Initial Issue Date and each Payment Date falling within the Revolving Period 
on which a Receivable is transferred by the Seller to the Issuer; any reference to a Transfer Date relating 
to a given Collection Period or Cut-Off Date shall be a reference to the Transfer Date falling within the 
calendar month following such Collection Period or Cut-Off Date. 
"Transfer Document" means the First Receivables Offer and each Additional Receivables Offer sent 
by the Seller to the Issuer and counter-signed by the Issuer. 
"Transferred Receivable" means any First Transferred Receivable or any Additional Transferred 
Receivable included in the Portfolio which: 
(a) 
remains outstanding; and 
(b) 
has not been repurchased by the Seller or the Servicer. 
"Trust Corporation" means a corporation entitled by rules made under the Public Trustee Act 1906 or 
entitled pursuant to any other comparable legislation applicable to a trustee in any other jurisdiction to 
carry out the functions of a custodian trustee. 
"Trust Deed" means the trust deed dated on the Initial Issue Date between the Issuer, the Note Trustee 
and the Security Trustee. 
"TSC Regulations" means the Taxation of Securitisation Companies Regulations 2006 (SI 2006/3296) 
(as amended). 
"UCPD" means the Unfair Commercial Practices Directive No 2005/29. 
"UK" or "United Kingdom" means the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland. 
"UK Article 7 ITS" means the EU Article 7 ITS as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA 
and any relevant laws, instruments, regulations, rules, guidance, policy statements, transitional relief or 
other implementing measures of the FCA, the Bank of England, the PRA, the Pensions Regulator or 
other relevant UK regulator (or their successor) in relation thereto.

--- Page 270 ---
- 257 - 
"UK Article 7 RTS" means the EU Article 7 RTS as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA and any relevant laws, instruments, regulations, rules, guidance, policy statements, transitional 
relief or other implementing measures of the FCA, the Bank of England, the PRA, the Pensions 
Regulator or other relevant UK regulator (or their successor) in relation thereto. 
"UK Article 7 Technical Standards" means the UK Article 7 RTS and the UK Article 7 ITS. 
"UK Bail-In Legislation" means Part I of the United Kingdom Banking Act 2009 and any other law or 
regulation applicable in the United Kingdom relating to the resolution of unsound or failing banks, 
investment firms or other financial institutions or their affiliates (otherwise than through liquidation, 
administration or other insolvency proceedings). 
"UK CRA Regulation" means Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 of the European Parliament on credit 
rating agencies, as amended by Regulation (EU) No 513/2011 and by Regulation (EU) No 462/2013 as 
it forms part of UK law by virtue of the EUWA. 
"UK CRR" means Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 
June 2013 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA.  
"UK GDPR" means the General Data Protection Regulation 2016/679 as it forms part of retained EU 
law (as defined in the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018). 
"UK Insolvency Regulation" means the EU Insolvency Regulation, as it forms part of domestic law of 
the United Kingdom by virtue of the EUWA and the Insolvency (Amendment) (EU Exit) Regulations 
2009, SI 2019/146. 
"UK Market Abuse Regulation" means the EU Market Abuse Regulation and any implementing laws 
or regulations in force in the United Kingdom in relation to the EU Market Abuse Regulation or amending 
the EU Market Abuse Regulation as it will apply in the United Kingdom (together with applicable 
directions, secondary legislation, guidance, regulatory technical standards, implementing technical 
standards and related documents published by the FCA and the PRA of the United Kingdom). 
"UK Securitisation Regulation" means Regulation (EU) No 2017/2402 as it forms part of UK domestic 
law by virtue of the EUWA together with applicable secondary legislation, guidance, regulatory technical 
standards, implementing technical standards and related documents published by the FCA, the Bank of 
England, the PRA, the Pensions Regulator or other relevant UK regulator (or their successor) in relation 
thereto. 
"UK SR Inside Information and Significant Event Report" means the inside information or significant 
event information report prepared as required by and in accordance Article 7(1)(f) and/or Article 7(1)(g) 
(as applicable) of the UK Securitisation Regulation and the UK Article 7 Technical Standards. 
"UK STS Notification" means the notification to be submitted to the FCA in accordance with Article 27 
of the UK Securitisation Regulation confirming that the requirements of Articles 18 to 22 of the UK 
Securitisation Regulation have been satisfied. 
"UNCITRAL Implementing Regulations" means the UNCITRAL (United Nations Commission on 
International Trade Law) Model Law implemented in Great Britain on 4 April 2006 by the Cross-Border 
Insolvency Regulations (2006) (SI 2006/1030). 
"Underwriting and Collection Procedures" means the Servicer’s underwriting and collection 
procedures set out in Schedule 1 to the Servicing Agreement or as amended from time to time in 
accordance with the terms of the Servicing Agreement. 
"Utilisation Request" means in respect of the Subordinated Loan, a request substantially in the form 
set out in Schedule 2 (Form of Utilisation Request) to the Subordinated Loan Agreement.

--- Page 271 ---
- 258 - 
"United States" means, for the purpose of the Transaction, the United States of America (including the 
States thereof and the District of Columbia) and its possessions (including Puerto Rico, the U.S. Virgin 
Islands, Guam, American Samoa, Wake Island and the Northern Mariana Islands). 
"U.S. Person" means a U.S. person as defined in Regulation S.  
"U.S. Risk Retention Rules" means Regulation RR (17 C.F.R Part 246) implementing the risk retention 
requirements of Section 15G of the Exchange Act, as amended, adopted pursuant to the requirements 
of Section 941 of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act. 
"Used Vehicle" means any car or light commercial vehicle, being a private vehicle or a commercial 
vehicle, which, at the Finance Agreement Effective Date of the relevant Finance Agreement: 
(a) 
has had at least one previous owner or has an age above six months; and 
(b) 
was sold by a Car Dealer, purchased by an Obligor and financed under such Finance 
Agreement or a previous Finance Agreement. 
"Used Vehicle Financing Ratio" means, in respect of any Calculation Date and any Transferred 
Receivables (excluding any Vehicle Sale Proceeds Receivables), the ratio of: 
(a) 
the aggregate amount of the Principal Outstanding Balances of the Performing Receivables 
relating to the financing of Used Vehicles as of the Cut-Off Date preceding such Calculation 
Date; to 
(b) 
the sum of the Principal Outstanding Balances of all Performing Receivables as of the Cut-Off 
Date immediately preceding that Calculation Date, 
provided that, for the purposes of calculating this ratio, the additional Receivables proposed to be 
purchased on the next following Payment Date shall be considered to be Transferred Receivables. 
"VAT" or "Value Added Tax" means (i) any value added tax imposed by VATA; (ii) any tax imposed in 
compliance with the Council Directive of 28 November 2006 on the common system of value added tax 
(EC Directive 2006/112); and (iii) any other tax of a similar nature, whether imposed in the United 
Kingdom or in a Member State of the European Union in substitution for, or levied in addition to, such 
tax referred to in (i) or (ii), or imposed elsewhere.  
"VATA" means the Value Added Tax Act 1994. 
"VAT Component" means, to the extent that any Collections in respect of a Transferred Receivable are 
subject to VAT (other than at the zero rate), an amount equal to the VAT forming part of the consideration 
for the taxable supply.  
"Vehicle" means, as the case may be, a Used Vehicle or a New Vehicle. 
"Vehicle Floating Charge" means the floating charge dated on or about the Initial Issue Date pursuant 
to which the Seller grants a floating charge in favour of the Issuer over the Vehicles financed under 
Finance Agreements relating to Transferred Receivables and any Vehicle Sale Proceeds received by 
the Seller in respect of such Vehicles. 
"Vehicle Sale Proceeds" means the net proceeds of the sale (exclusive of any VAT) of the Vehicles 
that are or were financed under the relevant Finance Agreement. 
"Vehicle Sale Proceeds Receivable" means, in relation to any Redelivered Vehicle and any 
Repossessed Vehicle, the right of the Seller to receive the Vehicle Sale Proceeds arising from the sale 
of such related Redelivered Vehicle or Repossessed Vehicle to a third party.

--- Page 272 ---
- 259 - 
"Volcker Rule" means Section 619 of the Dodd-Frank Act and any relevant implementing provisions 
thereof. 
"Voluntary Termination Event" means the exercise by an Obligor of its rights to terminate a Finance 
Agreement in accordance with the Consumer Credit Act. 
"Voluntarily Terminated Receivable" means a Transferred Receivable in relation to which a Voluntary 
Termination Event has occurred and is continuing. 
"Weighted Average Seasoning" means, in respect of any Calculation Date and any Transferred 
Receivables (excluding any Vehicle Sale Proceeds Receivables), a number of months (including any 
part thereof) equal to: 
(a) 
the sum of the products, on a Receivable by Receivable basis, of the Seasoning of each 
Performing Receivable as of the Cut-Off Date immediately preceding such Calculation Date and 
the Principal Outstanding Balance of such Performing Receivable as of the Cut-Off Date 
immediately preceding such Calculation Date; divided by 
(b) 
the sum of the Principal Outstanding Balances of all Performing Receivables as of the Cut-Off 
Date immediately preceding that Calculation Date, 
provided that, for the purposes of calculating such number of months, the additional Receivables 
proposed to be purchased on the next following Payment Date shall be considered to be 
Transferred Receivables. 
"Write-down and Conversion Powers" means in relation to the UK Bail-In Legislation, any powers 
under that UK Bail-In Legislation to cancel, transfer or dilute shares issued by a person that is a bank or 
investment firm or other financial institution or affiliate of a bank, investment firm or other financial 
institution, to cancel, reduce, modify or change the form of a liability of such a person or any contract or 
instrument under which that liability arises, to convert all or part of that liability into shares, securities or 
obligations of that person or any other person, to provide that any such contract or instrument is to have 
effect as if a right had been exercised under it or to suspend any obligation in respect of that liability or 
any of the powers under that UK Bail-In Legislation that are related to or ancillary to any of those powers. 
"Written Resolution" means, in respect of a Class of Notes, a resolution referred to in paragraph (a)(ii) 
of the definition of Extraordinary Resolution or Ordinary Resolution above.

--- Page 273 ---
- 260 - 
INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS
Account Bank ............................................ 86 
Additional FCA Tailored Support Guidance 5 
Additional Transferred Receivables ............. ii 
Affected Receivables .................. 10, 40, 121 
Agency Agreement .................................... 86 
Bank Account Agreement .......................... 86 
Banking Act ............................................. 139 
Basic Terms Modification ........................ 105 
Book-Entry Interests .................................. 85 
Breathing Space Regulations .................... 27 
BRRD ....................................................... 140 
BRRD II.................................................... 140 
BRRD Order ............................................ 140 
Cash Management Agreement ................. 87 
Cash Manager ........................................... 86 
CCA ....................................................... 9, 74 
Central Bank ................................................. v 
Class A Noteholder ................................... 88 
Class A Notes ............................................ 88 
Class B Noteholder ................................... 88 
Class B Notes ............................................ 88 
Clean-Up Call .............................. 42, 99, 123 
Clean-Up Call Conditions .......................... 99 
Clearing System Business Day ................. 85 
Clearstream, Luxembourg ......................... viii 
COBS ................................................... xi, 115 
comparable receivables ............................ 20 
CONC .................................................... 9, 74 
Conditions ............................................ 86, 87 
Consumer Protection Regulations ............ 81 
Corporate Services .................................. 131 
Corporate Services Agreement ................. 86 
Corporate Services Provider ............. 86, 208 
Covid-19 ................................................ 5, 23 
Covid-19 Pandemic ................................... 24 
CPR ......................................................... 200 
credit ........................................................ 150 
Credit Impaired Debtor ............................ 147 
Deed of Charge ......................................... 86 
default events .......................................... 139 
Definitive Notes ......................................... 85 
distributor ............................................. xi, 115 
Dodd-Frank Act ........................................... vi 
DWF ....................................................... vi, 30 
Early Settlement Regulations .................... 75 
EEA ............................................................. vii 
ESMA ..................................................... iv, 17 
establishment ............................................ 95 
EU ................................................................ iv 
EU CRA Regulation ..................................... iv 
EU Investor Report .............................. 57, 83 
EU MIFID II .............................................. 115 
EU Servicing Report ............................ 57, 83 
EU SR Inside Information and Significant 
Event Report .................................... 58, 83 
EU STS Criteria ......................................... 26 
EU STS Notification ............................... vi, 74 
EU STS Securitisation ............................... 26 
Euroclear ................................................... viii 
Euronext Dublin ............................................ v 
Eurosystem eligible collateral .................... 30 
EUWA ........................................................ 23 
Event of Default ....................................... 103 
Extraordinary Resolution ......................... 105 
FCA ...........................................................v, 9 
FCA Payment Deferral Guidance ................ 5 
FCA Tailored Support Guidance ................. 6 
FCPA ....................................................... 120 
Final Repurchase Price ............................. 99 
Final Terms ............................................. ii, 86 
First Transferred Receivables ...................... ii 
Fitch ............................................................. iii 
foreign passthru payments ...................... 212 
FSMA ................................................... 9, 215 
Further Notes ................................................ ii 
Global Note ...................................... ii, viii, 86 
Holder ........................................................ 88 
Holdings ............................................. 86, 204 
IGAs ......................................................... 212 
ILTR ....................................................... vi, 30 
Income Tax Act ........................................ 212 
Initial Issue Date ..................................... ii, 86 
Initial Notes ................................................... ii 
Insurance Distribution Directive ......... xii, 216 
Interest Amount ......................................... 97 
Interest Period ........................................... 97 
Interest Shortfall ...................................... 100 
Investment Company Act ............................ vi 
IP Completion Time ................................... 23 
Issuer ........................................ i, 72, 86, 202 
Issuer Event of Default ............................ 103 
Issuer ICSDs Agreement ........................... 87 
Master Definitions Agreement ................... 87 
Master Receivables Transfer Agreement.. 86 
MiFID II .................................................... 216 
Minimum Customary Procedures .............. 20 
Modelling Assumptions ........................... 200 
Modification ............................................. 108 
Modification Certificate ............................ 108 
Modification Noteholder Notice ............... 109 
Modification Record Date ........................ 109 
Note Principal Amount Outstanding ........ 100

--- Page 274 ---
- 261 - 
Note Trustee .............................................. 86 
Noteholder ................................................. 88 
Notes ................................................ i, 72, 86 
Obligors ........................................................ ii 
Official List .................................................... v 
originator .................................................. 141 
Paying Agent ............................................. 86 
Portfolio.................................................... 152 
Portfolio Limits Criteria ............................ 145 
PRIIPs Regulation ...................................... xii 
professional diligence ................................ 81 
Programme ..................................... i, 86, 115 
Prospectus Regulation .........................v, 216 
RAO ........................................................... 74 
Receivables Representations ................... 39 
recognised stock exchange ..................... 212 
Register ..................................................... 87 
Registrar .................................................... 86 
Regulated Finance Agreements .................. 9 
Regulated Market ......................................... v 
Regulation S ................................................. x 
Relevant Date .......................................... 145 
relevant entity .......................................... 139 
Relevant Person .......................... 49, 69, 103 
reporting entity ......................................... 123 
Required Ratings ..................................... 133 
Restructuring Plan ..................................... 21 
retail investor ........................................... 216 
Revolving Period ......................................... iii 
Revolving Period Scheduled End Date ........ ii 
Revolving Period Termination Date ............ iii 
Risk Retention U.S. Person....................... 28 
Risk Retention U.S. Persons .............. vii, 214 
RV Receivables Repurchase Commitment
 ................................................. 11, 40, 121 
S&P .............................................................. iii 
Scottish Declarations of Trust ................... 87 
SEC ............................................................. vi 
Securities Act .............................. vii, 214, 215 
Security ...................................................... 86 
Security Trustee ........................................ 86 
Seller ....................................................... ii, 86 
Seller Information ........................................ ix 
Seller Power of Attorney ...................... 13, 87 
Series ...................................................... ii, 86 
Servicer ...................................................... 86 
Servicer Collection Account Declaration of 
Trust ....................................................... 87 
Servicing Agreement ................................. 86 
Subordinated Lender ................................... iii 
Trade and Cooperation Agreement ........... 23 
Transaction Documents ............................ 87 
Transferred Receivables .............................. ii 
Trust Deed ................................................. 86 
U.S. Persons .............................................. vii 
U.S. Risk Retention Rules .................. vii, 214 
UCITs ......................................................... 25 
UCPD ......................................................... 80 
UK Bribery Act ......................................... 120 
UK CRA Regulation ..................................... iii 
UK MiFIR ............................................. xi, 115 
UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules xi, 115 
UK PRIIPs Regulation ................................. xi 
UK SR Inside Information and Significant 
Event Report .................................... 58, 83 
UK STS Criteria ......................................... 26 
UK STS Notification ............................... v, 73 
UK STS Securitisation ............................... 26 
unfair relationship ...................................... 77 
UTCC Regulations ..................................... 79 
Vehicle Floating Charge ...................... 48, 87 
Volcker Rule ................................................ vi 
WAL ......................................................... 200 
Withdrawal Agreement .............................. 23

--- Page 275 ---
- 262 - 
REGISTERED OFFICE OF THE ISSUER 
CARS ALLIANCE UK MASTER PLC 
1 Bartholomew Lane 
London EC2N 2AX  
United Kingdom  
THE SELLER AND SERVICER 
RCI Financial Services Ltd 
 Rivers Office Park 
Denham Way 
Rickmansworth 
WD3 9YS 
United Kingdom 
THE ARRANGER  
HSBC Bank plc 
 8 Canada Square, London E14 5HQ 
THE NOTE TRUSTEE AND SECURITY TRUSTEE 
HSBC Corporate Trustee Company (UK) Limited 
 
8 Canada Square, London E14 5HQ 
THE ACCOUNT BANK  
Lloyds Bank plc 
25 Gresham Street, London EC2V 7HN 
THE PAYING AGENT AND  
REGISTRAR  
      HSBC Bank plc 
 
8 Canada Square, London E14 5HQ 
THE CASH MANAGER 
Eurotitrisation SA 
12 rue James Watt,  
93200 Saint-Denis, France 
LEGAL ADVISORS 
Counsel to the Seller and the Servicer 
Hogan Lovells International LLP 
Atlantic House 
Holborn Viaduct 
London EC1A 2FG 
United Kingdom

--- Page 276 ---
- 263 - 
as to Scots law 
CMS Cameron McKenna Nabarro Olswang LLP 
Saltire Court, 20 Castle Terrace 
Edinburgh EH1 2EN 
United Kingdom 
as to Northern Irish law 
Cleaver Fulton Rankin 
50 Bedford Street 
Belfast BT2 7FW  
Northern Ireland 
Counsel to the Note Trustee and the Security Trustee 
Linklaters LLP
1 Silk Street  
London EC2Y 8HQ 
United Kingdom 
IRISH LISTING AGENT 
McCann FitzGerald Listing Services Limited 
Riverside One 
Sir John Rogerson's Quay 
Dublin 2, Ireland