--- Page 1 ---
Base Prospectus 
 
CASSA CENTRALE RAIFFEISEN DELL'ALTO ADIGE S.p.A. 
(incorporated as a company limited by shares under the laws of the Republic of Italy) 
€750,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
__________________________ 
Under the €750,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the "Programme") described in this Base Prospectus, Cassa Centrale 
Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige S.p.A. ("Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen" or the "Issuer") may from time to time issue notes in dematerialised form 
("Notes") denominated in any currency, as described in further detail herein. The Notes issued by the Issuer will be governed by Italian 
law. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved as a base prospectus by the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier (the "CSSF"), 
as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "Prospectus Regulation"). The CSSF only approves this Base Prospectus 
as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Approval by the 
CSSF should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or of the quality of the Notes. Investors should make their own 
assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. The CSSF assumes no responsibility for the economic and financial soundness 
of the transactions contemplated by this Base Prospectus or the quality or solvency of the Issuer in accordance with Article 6(4) of the 
Luxembourg Law on prospectuses for securities of 16 July 2019. This Base Prospectus will be published in electronic form, together with 
all documents incorporated by reference on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com).  
Application has been made for Notes issued under the Programme during the period of 12 months from the date of this Base Prospectus 
to be listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted to trading on its regulated market, which is a regulated 
market for the purposes of the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive 2014/65/EU. The Programme also allows for Notes to be issued 
on the basis that they will: (i) be admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by such other or further competent authorities, stock exchanges 
and/or quotation systems as may be agreed by the Issuer or (ii) not be admitted to listing, trading or quotation by any competent authority, 
stock exchange and/or quotation system. 
This Base Prospectus (as supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable) is valid for 12 months from its date of approval (i.e. until 24 
July 2025) in relation to Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area (the "EEA"). The 
Issuer will have no obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of significant new factors, material mistakes or material 
inaccuracies after the end of its 12-month validity period. 
An investment in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks. For a discussion of these risks, see "Risk Factors" 
on pages 17 to 45. 
The Notes will be held in dematerialised form on behalf of the beneficial owners, until their redemption or cancellation, by Monte Titoli 
S.p.A., trading as Euronext Securities Milan ("Euronext Securities Milan") with its registered office and principal place of business at 
Piazza degli Affari 6, 20123 Milan, Italy, for the account of the relevant Euronext Securities Account Holders. The expression "Euronext 
Securities Account Holders" means any authorised financial intermediary institution entitled to hold accounts on behalf of their 
customers with Euronext Securities Milan, including any clearing system which holds an account with Euronext Securities Milan such as 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear") and Clearstream Banking, société anonyme, Luxembourg ("Clearstream, Luxembourg"). The 
Notes have been accepted for clearance by Euronext Securities Milan. The Notes will at all times be held in book entry form and title to 
the Notes will be evidenced by book entries pursuant to the relevant provisions of Italian Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, 
as amended and supplemented ("Financial Services Act") and in accordance with the Joint Regulation of 13 August 2018 of 
Commissione Nazionale per le società e la Borsa ("CONSOB") and the Bank of Italy, as amended and supplemented (the "CONSOB and 
Bank of Italy Joint Regulation"). Noteholders are not entitled to physical delivery of the Notes. However, the Noteholders may ask the 
relevant intermediaries for certification pursuant to Article 83-quinquies and 83-sexies of the Financial Services Act. 
Arranger 
IMI – Intesa Sanpaolo 
Dealers 
IMI – Intesa Sanpaolo 
DZ BANK AG  
Natixis 
Raiffeisen Bank International AG 
 
24 July 2024

--- Page 2 ---
i 
 
 
CONTENTS 
Section 
Page 
IMPORTANT NOTICES .......................................................................................................................... 1 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME .............................................................................. 9 
RISK FACTORS .................................................................................................................................... 17 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO NON-EXEMPT OFFERS OF  SENIOR NOTES ......... 46 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE .......................................................................... 52 
FINAL TERMS AND DRAWDOWN PROSPECTUSES ....................................................................... 53 
FORM OF THE NOTES ........................................................................................................................ 54 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES...................................................................................... 55 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS ................................................................................................................... 104 
USE OF PROCEEDS .......................................................................................................................... 124 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER ....................................................................................................... 129 
OVERVIEW OF FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF THE ISSUER ........................................................ 141 
TAXATION .......................................................................................................................................... 144 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE .............................................................................................................. 154 
GENERAL INFORMATION ................................................................................................................. 160 
ANNEX 1 AUDITED ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS, ACCOMPANYING NOTES AND 
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S REPORTS............................................................................................ 163 
2022 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ....................................................................................................... 164 
2022 INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S REPORT ..................................................................................... 378 
2023 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ....................................................................................................... 386 
2023 INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S REPORT ..................................................................................... 569

--- Page 3 ---
10286974115-v8 
1 
47-41075393 
 
IMPORTANT NOTICES 
This Base Prospectus comprises a base prospectus in respect of all Notes for the purposes of Article 8 
of the Prospectus Regulation. 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and declares 
that, to the best of its knowledge, the information contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance 
with the facts and does not omit anything likely to affect the import of such information. 
Each Tranche (as defined herein) of Notes will be issued on the terms set out herein under "Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes" (the "Conditions"), together with a document specific to such Tranche called 
final terms (the "Final Terms") or in a separate prospectus specific to such tranche (the "Drawdown 
Prospectus"). 
This Base Prospectus must be read and construed together with any supplements hereto and with any 
information incorporated by reference herein and, in relation to any Tranche of Notes which is the 
subject of Final Terms, must be read and construed together with the relevant Final Terms. In the case 
of a Tranche of Notes which is the subject of a Drawdown Prospectus, each reference in this Base 
Prospectus to information being specified or identified in the relevant Final Terms shall be read and 
construed as a reference to such information being specified or identified in the relevant Drawdown 
Prospectus unless the context requires otherwise. The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information 
contained in the Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be, for each Tranche of Notes 
issued under the Programme. 
Other than information which is expressly stated in this Base Prospectus to be incorporated by 
reference (see the section entitled "Information Incorporated by Reference" below), information on 
websites to which this Base Prospectus refers does not form part of this Base Prospectus and has not 
been scrutinised or approved by the CSSF. 
The Issuer has confirmed to the Dealers named under "Certain Definitions" below that this Base 
Prospectus (including, for this purpose, each relevant Drawdown Prospectus and each relevant Final 
Terms) contains all information which is (in the context of the Programme and the issue, offering and 
sale of the Notes) material; that such information is true and accurate in all material respects and is not 
misleading in any material respect; that any opinions, predictions or intentions expressed herein are 
honestly held or made and are not misleading in any material respect; that this Base Prospectus does 
not omit to state any material fact necessary to make such information, opinions, predictions or 
intentions (in the context of the Programme, the issue, offering and sale of the Notes) not misleading in 
any material respect; and that all proper enquiries have been made to verify the foregoing. 
Potential investors should note that, under the Central Securities Depositories Regulation of the EU, a 
trade in the secondary markets within the EU generally is required to settle in two business days unless 
the parties to such trade expressly agree otherwise. Accordingly, investors who wish to trade interests 
in Notes in the EU on the trade date relating to such Notes or the next business day are likely to be 
required, by virtue of the fact that the Notes initially are likely to settle on a settlement cycle longer than 
two business days, to specify an alternate settlement cycle at the time of any such trade to prevent 
failed settlement. 
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation not contained in 
or not consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other document entered into in relation to the 
Programme or any information supplied by the Issuer or such other information as is in the public 
domain and, if given or made, such information or representation should not be relied upon as having 
been authorised by the Issuer or any of the Dealers (as defined in "Certain Definitions" on pages 5 and 
6).

--- Page 4 ---
10286974115-v8 
2 
47-41075393 
 
Neither the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates have authorised the whole or any part of this 
Base Prospectus and none of them makes any representation or warranty or accepts any responsibility 
as to the accuracy or completeness of information contained in this Base Prospectus. The Dealers 
accept no liability in relation to this Base Prospectus or any document forming part of this Base 
Prospectus or the distribution of any such document or with regard to any other information supplied by 
or on behalf of the Issuer. 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms nor the offering, sale or delivery of any 
Note shall, in any circumstances, create any implication that the information contained in this Base 
Prospectus is true subsequent to the date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has 
been most recently amended or supplemented by a supplement or that there has been no adverse 
change, or any event reasonably likely to involve any adverse change, in the prospects or financial or 
trading position of the Issuer since any such date or that any other information supplied in connection 
with the Programme is correct at any time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, if different, 
the date indicated in the document containing that information. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any Final Terms constitutes an offer or an invitation to subscribe for 
or purchase any Notes and should not be considered as a recommendation by the Issuer, the Dealers 
or any of them that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms should subscribe for or 
purchase any Notes. Each recipient of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms shall be taken to have 
made its own investigation and appraisal of the condition (financial or otherwise), prospects and credit-
worthiness of the Issuer. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and any Final Terms and the offering, sale and delivery of the 
Notes in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Base 
Prospectus or any Final Terms comes are required by the Issuer and the Dealers to inform themselves 
about and to observe any such restrictions. For a description of certain restrictions on the offering, sale 
and delivery of Notes and on the distribution of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms and other 
offering material relating to the Notes, see "Subscription and Sale" below. In particular, Notes have not 
been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933 (as amended) or with 
any securities regulatory authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States, and are subject 
to U.S. tax law requirements. Notes may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or to 
U.S. persons except in certain transactions exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities 
Act. 
The maximum aggregate principal amount of Notes outstanding at any one time under the Programme 
will not exceed €750,000,000 and, for this purpose, any Notes denominated in another currency shall 
be translated into euro at the date of the agreement to issue such Notes, calculated in accordance with 
the provisions of the Dealer Agreement (as defined under "Subscription and Sale"). The maximum 
aggregate principal amount of Notes which may be outstanding at any one time under the Programme 
may be increased from time to time, subject to compliance with the relevant provisions of the Dealer 
Agreement. 
Notes issued as Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds 
The Issuer may issue Notes under the Programme referred to as Green Bonds, Social Bonds or 
Sustainability Bonds. None of the Dealers accepts any responsibility for any social, environmental and 
sustainability assessment of any such Notes or makes any representation or warranty or assurance as 
to whether such Notes will meet any investor expectations or requirements regarding such "green", 
"sustainable", "social" or similar labels (including in relation to the EU sustainable finance taxonomy 
under Regulation (EU) 2020/852 on the establishment of a framework to facilitate sustainable 
investment and any related technical screening criteria and Regulation (EU) 2019/2088 on 
sustainability-related disclosures in the financial services sector, as well as any implementing legislation

--- Page 5 ---
10286974115-v8 
3 
47-41075393 
 
and guidelines) or any requirements of such labels as they may evolve from time to time. Furthermore, 
such Notes will not comply with the so-called "EuGB" standard under Regulation (EU) 2023/2631 on 
European Green Bonds and optional disclosures for bonds marketed as environmentally sustainable 
and for sustainability-linked bonds. None of the Dealers is responsible for the use of proceeds for any 
Notes issued as Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds, nor the impact or monitoring of 
such use of proceeds. No representation or assurance is given by the Dealers as to the suitability or 
reliability of any opinion or certification of any third party made available in connection with an issue of 
Notes issued as Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds, nor is any such opinion or 
certification a recommendation by any Dealer to buy, sell or hold any such Notes. In the event any such 
Notes are, or are intended to be, listed, or admitted to trading on a dedicated "green", "sustainable", 
"social" or other equivalently labelled segment of a stock exchange or securities market, no 
representation or assurance is given by the Dealers that such listing or admission will be obtained or 
maintained for the lifetime of the Notes. 
IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes a 
legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors", the Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a 
person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 
2014/65/EU (as amended or superseded, "EU MiFID II"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of 
Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in 
point (10) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II. Consequently no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 (as amended, the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes 
or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may 
be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
IMPORTANT - UK RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes a legend 
entitled "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors", the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the UK. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a 
retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018; or (ii) a customer within the 
meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act, 2000 (the "FSMA") and any rules 
or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 
as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "EUWA"). 
Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes 
or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be 
unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
EU MiFID II product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may 
include a legend entitled "EU MiFID II Product Governance", which will outline the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. 
Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into 
consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to EU MiFID II is responsible 
for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining 
the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.

--- Page 6 ---
10286974115-v8 
4 
47-41075393 
 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the EU MiFID 
Product Governance rules under Commission Delegated Directive (EU) 2017/593 (the "EU MiFID 
Product Governance Rules"), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of 
such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will 
be a manufacturer for the purpose of the EU MiFID Product Governance Rules. 
UK MiFIR product governance / target market - The Final Terms in respect of any Notes will include 
a legend entitled "UK MiFIR Product Governance", which will outline the target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into 
consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the rules set out in the 
FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR 
product governance rules set out in UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for 
any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers 
nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MIFIR Product 
Governance Rules. 
CREDIT RATINGS: Notes issued pursuant to the Programme may be rated or unrated. A rating is not 
a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or 
withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. Where an issue of Notes is rated, its rating will 
not necessarily be the same as the rating(s) assigned to Notes already issued. Where a Tranche of 
Notes is rated, its rating will be disclosed in the Final Terms, which will also specify whether or not each 
credit rating applied for in relation to that Tranche will be issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the EEA and registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 (as amended) (the "CRA 
Regulation") or by a credit rating agency which is certified under the CRA Regulation. In general, 
European regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is 
not issued by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the CRA Regulation 
or (1) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the EEA but is endorsed by a 
credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the CRA Regulation or (2) the rating 
is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the EEA which is certified under the CRA 
Regulation. ESMA is obliged to maintain a list of credit rating agencies registered and certified in 
accordance with the CRA Regulation on its website (https://www.esma.europa.eu/credit-rating-
agencies/cra-authorisation). 
EU BENCHMARKS REGULATION: Interest amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by 
reference, inter alia, to EURIBOR or CMS, or such other reference rate as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the European Money Markets Institute, as administrator 
of EURIBOR ("EMMI") is included in the register of administrators and benchmarks established and 
maintained by the European Securities and Markets Authority ("ESMA") pursuant to Article 36 of 
Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 (the "Benchmarks Regulation"), whereas ICE Benchmark 
Administration, as administrator of CMS ("IBA") does not appear on the register. As far as the Issuer is 
aware, the transitional provisions in Article 51 of the Benchmarks Regulation apply, such that IBA is not 
currently required to obtain recognition, endorsement or equivalence. 
Suitability of the Notes as an investment 
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors. Each potential investor in the Notes must 
determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances. In particular, each potential

--- Page 7 ---
10286974115-v8 
5 
47-41075393 
 
investor may wish to consider, either on its own or with the help of its financial and other professional 
advisers, whether it: 
(i) 
has sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the 
merits and risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained or incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus or any supplement thereto; 
(ii) 
has access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its 
particular financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact the Notes will have on 
its overall investment portfolio; 
(iii) 
has sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the 
Notes, including Notes where the currency for principal or interest payments is different from 
its own currency; 
(iv) 
understands thoroughly the terms of the Notes and is familiar with the behaviour of financial 
markets; and 
(v) 
is able to evaluate possible scenarios for economic, interest rate and other factors that may 
affect its investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
Some Notes are complex financial instruments. Sophisticated institutional investors generally do not 
purchase complex financial instruments as stand-alone investments. They purchase complex financial 
instruments as a way to reduce risk or enhance yield with an understood, measured, appropriate 
addition of risk to their overall portfolios. A potential investor should not invest in Notes which are 
complex financial instruments unless it has the expertise (either alone or with a financial adviser) to 
evaluate how the Notes will perform under changing conditions, the resulting effects on the value of the 
Notes and the impact this investment will have on the potential investor's overall investment portfolio. 
Legal considerations that may restrict investments 
The investment activities of certain investors are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or 
review or regulation by certain authorities. Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to 
determine whether and to what extent (i) Notes are legal investments for it, (ii) Notes can be used as 
collateral for various types of borrowing and (iii) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any 
Notes. In addition, investors that are financial institutions should consult their legal advisors or the 
appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of Notes under any applicable risk-based 
capital or similar rules. 
* 
* 
* 
Certain figures included in this Base Prospectus have been subject to rounding adjustments; 
accordingly, figures shown for the same category presented in different tables may vary slightly and 
figures shown as totals in certain tables may not be an arithmetic aggregation of the figures which 
precede them. 
CERTAIN DEFINITIONS 
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified or where the context requires otherwise: 
(i) 
the "Arranger" means Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A.; 
(ii) 
references to "billions" are to thousands of millions; 
(iii) 
"Clearstream, Luxembourg" means Clearstream Banking, société anonyme, Luxembourg; 
(iv) 
references to the "Conditions" are to the terms and conditions relating to the Notes, set out in 
this Base Prospectus in the section "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" and any reference to

--- Page 8 ---
10286974115-v8 
6 
47-41075393 
 
a numbered "Condition" is to the correspondingly numbered provision of the Conditions of the 
Notes; 
(v) 
the "CRA Regulation" means Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 on credit rating agencies, as 
amended; 
(vi) 
the "Dealers" means Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A., DZ BANK AG Deutsche Zentral-
Genossenschaftsbank, Frankfurt am Main, Natixis and Raiffeisen Bank International AG, 
together with any additional Dealer appointed by the Issuer under the Programme from time to 
time, either for a specific issue or on an ongoing basis; 
(vii) 
references to "€", "EUR" or "Euro" are to the single currency introduced at the start of the third 
stage of European Economic and Monetary Union and as defined in Article 2 of Council 
Regulation (EC) No. 974/98 of 3 May 1998 on the introduction of the euro, as amended; 
(viii) 
"Euroclear" means Euroclear Bank SA/NV; 
(ix) 
"Euronext Securities Milan" means Monte Titoli S.p.A.; 
(x) 
"IFRS" means International Financial Reporting Standards, as adopted by the European Union 
and as implemented under the Bank of Italy's instructions contained in Circular No. 262 of 22 
December 2005 as amended from time to time; 
(xi) 
The "Issuer" means Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige S.p.A.; 
(xii) 
references to a "Member State" are to a Member State of the European Economic Area; 
(xiii) 
references to a "relevant Dealer" shall, in the case of an issue of Notes being (or intended to 
be) purchased by one Dealer, be to such Dealer and, in the case of an issue of Notes being (or 
intended to be) purchased by more than one Dealer, be to the lead manager of such issue; and 
(xiv) 
the "Securities Act" means the United States Securities Act of 1933 (as amended). 
STABILISATION 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as 
the Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in the 
applicable Final Terms may over allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the 
market price of the Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However, 
stabilisation may not necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date 
on which adequate public disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes 
is made and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days 
after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 days after the date of the allotment 
of the relevant Tranche of Notes. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted 
by the relevant Stabilisation Manager(s) (or person(s) acting on behalf of any Stabilisation 
Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws and rules. 
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
A forward-looking statement is a statement which does not relate to historical facts and events but which 
is based on analyses or forecasts of future results and estimates of amounts not yet determinable or 
foreseeable. Forward-looking statements are identified by the use of terms and phrases such as 
"anticipate", "believe", "could", "estimate", "expect", "intend", "may", "plan", "predict", "project", "will" and 
similar terms and phrases. This applies, in particular, to statements containing information on future 
earning capacity, plans and expectations regarding a company's business and management, its growth 
and profitability, and general economic and regulatory conditions and other factors that affect it.

--- Page 9 ---
10286974115-v8 
7 
47-41075393 
 
Any forward-looking statements in this Base Prospectus are based on current estimates and 
assumptions that the Issuer makes to the best of its present knowledge. These forward-looking 
statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors which could cause actual results, 
including the Issuer's financial condition and results of operations, to differ materially from and be worse 
than results that have expressly or implicitly been assumed or described in these forward-looking 
statements. The Issuer's business is also subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that could 
cause any forward-looking statement, estimate or prediction in this Base Prospectus to become 
inaccurate. Factors that could cause actual results, performance or achievements to differ materially 
include, but are not limited to, those discussed in "Risk Factors - Material Risks that are Specific to the 
Issuer". 
In the light of these risks, uncertainties and assumptions, any future events described in this Base 
Prospectus may not occur. In addition, the Issuer assumes no obligation, except as required by law, to 
update any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events or 
otherwise, or to conform these forward-looking statements to actual events or developments. 
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
This Base Prospectus contains information and statistics regarding the economic performance of the 
region of Trentino Alto-Adige and that of Italy as a whole, as well as on the banking sector in the region. 
Such information and statistics are derived from, or are based upon, the Issuer's analysis of data 
obtained from ISTAT (Istituto Nazionale di Statistica or the Italian National Statistics Office), ASTAT 
(Istituto Provinciale di Statistica or the Provincial Statistics Office of the Autonomous Province of 
Bolzano) and the Bank of Italy. All such data have been reproduced accurately in this Base Prospectus 
and, as far as the Issuer is aware and is able to ascertain from information published by those bodies, 
no facts have been omitted which would render such reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. 
In addition, this Base Prospectus contains a brief explanation on the credit ratings assigned to the 
Issuer, based on information provided by the relevant rating agency, namely Moody's Investors Service. 
ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES 
This Base Prospectus contains certain financial measures that the Issuer considers as constituting 
alternative performance measures ("APMs") as defined by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority (ESMA) Guidelines of 5 October 2015 (ESMA/2015/1415). 
APM 
Definition/reconciliation 
Relevant Use 
Total gross exposure 
to customers 
The sum of gross non-performing 
loans and gross performing loans 
(taken from schedules to annual 
report) 
To show the Issuer's total gross 
exposure to customers composed 
by the gross non-performing and 
performing loans. 
Gross bad loans to 
Total gross exposure 
to customers 
Ratio between (i) gross bad loans and 
(ii) gross exposure to customers 
(taken from schedules to annual 
report) 
This measure shows how the 
Issuer's gross bad loans relate to 
the 
total 
gross 
exposure 
to 
customers. 
Bad loans loss 
provision to Gross 
bad loans 
Ratio between (i) bad loans loss 
provision and (ii) gross bad loans 
(taken from schedules to annual 
report) 
This measure shows how the 
Issuer's bad loans loss provision 
relates to the gross bad loans.

--- Page 10 ---
10286974115-v8 
8 
47-41075393 
 
APM 
Definition/reconciliation 
Relevant Use 
Net bad loans to 
Total net loans 
Ratio between (i) net bad loans and 
(ii) total net loans (taken from 
schedules to annual report) 
This measure shows how the 
Issuer's net bad loans relate to the 
total net exposure to customers. 
Gross unlikely to pay 
loans to Total gross 
exposure to 
customers 
Ratio between (i) unlikely to pay loans 
and (ii) total gross exposure to 
customers (taken from schedules to 
annual report) 
This measure shows how the 
Issuer's gross unlikely to pay loans 
relate to the total gross exposure to 
customers. 
Unlikely to pay loans 
loss provision to 
Gross unlikely to pay 
loans 
Ratio between (i) unlikely to pay loans 
loss provision and (ii) gross unlikely to 
pay loans (taken from schedules to 
annual report) 
This measure shows how the 
Issuer's unlikely to pay loans loss 
provision relates to the gross 
unlikely to pay loans. 
Net unlikely to pay 
loans to Total net 
loans 
Ratio between (i) net unlikely to pay 
loans and (ii) total net loans (taken 
from schedules to annual report) 
This measure shows how the 
Issuer's net unlikely to pay loans 
relate to the total net exposure to 
customers. 
 
For the definitions of “Bad loans” and “Unlikely to pay loans”, see “Description of the Issuer – Lending – 
Non-performing loans” below.  
The Issuer believes that the above APMs provide useful information to investors regarding the financial 
position and performance, allowing for comparison with similar measures published by other banks as 
well as average industry standards and better illustrating specific aspects and trends in the Issuer's 
business activity. The APMs are commonly used in banking and finance and are also used by the 
management in decision-making processes of both operational and strategic nature, however, since 
not all banks calculate APM in the same manner, these measures are not always comparable. 
Furthermore, investors should view the APMs, which are not audited, as complementary to, and not a 
substitute for, the figures determined according to IFRS. The APMs used by the Issuer are processed 
with continuity and consistency of definition and representation for all periods for which financial 
information is included in this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 11 ---
10286974115-v8 
9 
47-41075393 
 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
This section is a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25.1(b) of Commission 
Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 (as amended) and must be read as an introduction to this Base 
Prospectus. Any decision to invest in the Notes should be based on a consideration of the Base 
Prospectus as a whole, including any information incorporated by reference. 
Words and expressions defined in "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" or elsewhere in this Base 
Prospectus have the same meaning in this section. Prospective investors should read the whole of this 
Base Prospectus, including the information incorporated by reference. 
Issuer: 
 
Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige S.p.A. 
Issuer's Legal Entity 
Identifier (LEI): 
 
529900N2ZB1B52JB2F83 
Arranger: 
 
Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. 
Dealers: 
 
Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A.  
DZ BANK AG Deutsche Zentral-Genossenschaftsbank, 
Frankfurt am Main  
Natixis 
Raiffeisen Bank International AG 
and any other Dealer appointed from time to time by the Issuer, 
either generally in respect of the Programme or in relation to a 
particular Tranche of Notes. 
Paying Agent: 
 
Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige S.p.A. The Issuer is 
entitled to appoint a different Paying Agent in accordance with 
Condition 16 (Agents) 
Listing Agent: 
 
Matheson LLP 
Listing, approval and 
admission to trading: 
 
This document has been approved by the CSSF as a base 
prospectus. Application has been made for Notes issued under 
the Programme to be admitted to trading on the regulated market 
of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to be listed on its Official 
List. 
Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, 
on other or further stock exchanges or markets agreed between 
the Issuer, with notification to the relevant Dealer(s) in relation to 
the Series. Notes which are neither listed nor admitted to trading 
on any market may also be issued. 
The applicable Final Terms will state whether or not the relevant 
Notes are to be listed and/or admitted to trading and, if so, on 
which stock exchanges and/or markets. 
Clearing Systems: 
 
Euronext Securities Milan and/or in relation to any Tranche of 
Notes, any other clearing system as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
Initial Programme Amount: 
 
€750,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies) aggregate 
principal amount of Notes outstanding at any one time. The

--- Page 12 ---
10286974115-v8 
10 
47-41075393 
 
Issuer may increase the amount of the Programme in 
accordance with the terms of the Dealer Agreement. 
Issuance in Series: 
 
Notes will be issued in Series. Each Series may comprise one or 
more Tranches issued on different issue dates. The Notes of 
each Series will all be subject to identical terms, except that the 
Issue Date, the Interest Commencement Date, the Issue Price 
and the amount and date of the first payment of interest may be 
different in respect of different Tranches and each Tranche may 
comprise Notes of different denominations. 
Final Terms: 
 
Notes issued under the Programme will be issued pursuant to 
this Base Prospectus and associated Final Terms. The terms 
and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes are 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, together with the relevant 
Final Terms. 
Notice of the aggregate principal amount of Notes, interest (if 
any) payable in respect of Notes, the issue price of Notes and 
any other terms and conditions not contained herein which are 
applicable to each Tranche of Notes will be set out in the Final 
Terms which, with respect to Notes to be admitted to trading on 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, will be delivered to the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange. 
Form of Notes: 
 
The Notes will be held in dematerialised form on behalf of the 
beneficial owners, until their redemption or cancellation, by 
Euronext Securities Milan for the account of the relevant 
Euronext Securities Account Holders. The Notes have been 
accepted for clearance by Euronext Securities Milan. The Notes 
will at all times be held in book entry form and title to the Notes 
and will be evidenced by book entries pursuant to the relevant 
provisions of Italian Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 
1998, as amended and supplemented (the "Financial Services 
Act") and in accordance with the CONSOB and Bank of Italy 
Joint Regulation dated 13 August 2018, as amended and 
supplemented (the "CONSOB and Bank of Italy Joint 
Regulation"). No physical document of title will be issued in 
respect of the Notes but Noteholders may ask the relevant 
intermediaries for certification pursuant to Article 83-quinquies of 
the Financial Services Act. For further information, see section 
"Form of the Notes". 
Currencies: 
 
Notes may be denominated in euro or in any other currency or 
currencies, subject to compliance with all applicable legal and/or 
regulatory and/or central bank requirements. 
Status of the Notes: 
 
Notes may be issued on a subordinated or unsubordinated basis, 
as specified in the relevant Final Terms. See Conditions 4 
(Status of Senior Notes), 5 (Status of Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes) and 6 (Status of Subordinated Notes). 
 
 
(1) 
Status of Senior Notes:

--- Page 13 ---
10286974115-v8 
11 
47-41075393 
 
Senior Notes will constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated 
and unsecured obligations of the Issuer and rank pari passu 
without any preference among themselves and at least pari 
passu with all other unsubordinated and unsecured obligations 
of the Issuer, present and future (save for such obligations as 
may be preferred by provisions of law that are both mandatory 
and of general application). 
 
 
(2) 
Status of Senior Non-Preferred Notes: 
Subject to the provisions of Condition 5 (Status of Senior Non-
Preferred Notes), the obligations of the Issuer under the Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes in respect of principal, interest and other 
amounts constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated, 
unsecured and non-preferred obligations of the Issuer, ranking 
(i) junior to Senior Notes and any other unsecured and 
unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer which rank, or are 
expressed to rank by their terms, senior to the Senior Non-
Preferred Notes, including claims arising from excluded liabilities 
within the meaning of Article 72a(2) of the CRR, and (ii) at least 
pari passu without any preferences among themselves, and with 
all other present or future unsubordinated and non-preferred 
obligations of the Issuer which do not rank or are not expressed 
by their terms to rank junior or senior to the relevant Senior Non-
Preferred Notes and (iii) in priority to Subordinated Notes and 
any other subordinated instruments, to any present or future 
claims ranking junior to such Series of Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes and to the claims of shareholders of the Issuer, pursuant 
to Article 91, section 1-bis, letter c-bis of the Consolidated 
Banking Law, as amended from time to time, and any relevant 
implementing regulation which may be enacted for such 
purposes by any Regulatory Authority, all as described in 
Condition 5(b) (Status of Senior Non-Preferred Notes) and the 
applicable Final Terms. 
 
 
(3) 
Status of Subordinated Notes: 
Subject to the provisions of Condition 6 (Status of Subordinated 
Notes), the Subordinated Notes constitute direct and unsecured 
obligations of the Issuer subordinated as described below. Save 
as 
provided 
in 
Condition 
6(c) 
(Status 
of 
disqualified 
Subordinated Notes), the Subordinated Notes rank pari passu 
without any preference among themselves. In relation to each 
Series of Subordinated Notes, all Subordinated Notes of such 
Series will be treated equally and all amounts paid by the Issuer 
in respect of principal and interest thereon will be paid pro rata 
on all Subordinated Notes of such Series. 
In the event of the winding up, dissolution, liquidation or 
bankruptcy 
(including, 
inter 
alia, 
Liquidazione 
Coatta 
Amministrativa of the Issuer), for so long as the relevant Series 
of Subordinated Notes qualify, in whole or in part, as Tier II

--- Page 14 ---
10286974115-v8 
12 
47-41075393 
 
Capital, the payment obligations of the Issuer under each Series 
of Subordinated Notes will rank in right of payment (A) after 
unsubordinated unsecured creditors (including depositors and 
any holder of Senior Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes) of the 
Issuer and all other creditors of the Issuer holding instruments 
that are less subordinated than the Subordinated Notes 
(including any subordinated instruments that have ceased to 
qualify, in their entirety, as own fund items (elementi di fondi 
propri)) but (B) at least pari passu with all other subordinated 
obligations of the Issuer which do not rank or are not expressed 
by their terms to rank junior or senior to such Series of 
Subordinated Notes, including holders of present or future 
outstanding Tier II Capital of the Issuer and (C) in priority to the 
claims of shareholders of the Issuer and to the claims of creditors 
of the Issuer holding instruments that are more subordinated 
than the Subordinated Notes. 
If the relevant Series of Subordinated Notes does not qualify (or 
cease to qualify) in their entirety as own funds items (elementi di 
fondi propri), such Subordinated Notes will rank pari passu 
without any preference among themselves and: (A) at least pari 
passu with the Issuer's obligations in respect of any other 
subordinated instruments that have ceased to qualify, in their 
entirety, as own funds items (elementi di fondi propri) and with 
all other subordinated indebtedness of the Issuer that have such 
ranking; (B) in priority to payments to holders of present or future 
outstanding indebtedness which qualifies, in whole or in part, as 
own funds items (elementi di fondi propri), including Tier II 
Capital (which in turn includes any Series of Subordinated Notes 
that qualifies, in whole or in part, as own funds) and Additional 
Tier 1 Capital; and (C) junior in right of payment to the payment 
of any present or future claims of depositors of the Issuer and 
any other unsubordinated creditors of the Issuer (including 
Senior Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes). 
Issue Price: 
 
Notes will be issued on a fully paid basis and may be issued at 
any price, as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Maturities: 
 
Any maturity or no fixed maturity date, subject, in relation to 
specific currencies, to compliance with all applicable legal and/or 
regulatory and/or central bank requirements. 
In the case of Senior Non-Preferred Notes, unless otherwise 
permitted by current laws, regulations, directives and/or the 
Regulatory Authority's requirements applicable to the issue of 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes by the Issuer, Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes shall have a maturity of not less than twelve months. 
Unless otherwise permitted by current laws, regulations, 
directives and/or the requirements of the Regulatory Authority, 
Subordinated Notes must have an original maturity of at least 
five years. If Subordinated Notes have an indefinite maturity,

--- Page 15 ---
10286974115-v8 
13 
47-41075393 
 
they may be redeemable only after five years' prior notice given 
to Noteholders, subject in any event to the prior authorisation of 
the Regulatory Authority. 
 
 
Where Notes have a maturity of less than one year and either (a) 
the issue proceeds are received by the Issuer in the United 
Kingdom or (b) the activity of issuing the Notes is carried on from 
an establishment maintained by the Issuer in the United 
Kingdom, such Notes must: (i) have a minimum redemption 
value of £100,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies) and be 
issued only to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in 
acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as 
principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it 
is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their 
businesses; or (ii) be issued in other circumstances which do not 
constitute a contravention of section 19 of the Financial Services 
and Markets Act 2000 by the Issuer. 
Redemption Amount: 
 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early redemption or 
repayment, the Notes will be redeemable at par. 
Redemption: 
 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early redemption or 
repayment, Notes are redeemable at par as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
The redemption at maturity of Senior Notes and Senior Non-
Preferred Notes pursuant to Condition 11(a) (Scheduled 
redemption) and any early redemption pursuant to Condition 
11(b) 
(Redemption 
for 
tax 
reasons), 
Condition 
11(d) 
(Redemption at the option of the Issuer) and Condition 11(h) 
(Issuer call due to a MREL Disqualification Event) shall be 
subject, where applicable, to compliance by the Issuer with any 
conditions to such redemption or repurchase prescribed by the 
MREL Requirements at the relevant time (including any 
requirements applicable to such redemption or repurchase due 
to the qualification of such Senior Non-Preferred Notes at such 
time as Eligible Liabilities available to meet the MREL 
Requirements). 
The redemption at maturity of Subordinated Notes pursuant to 
Condition 11(a) (Scheduled redemption) and any early 
redemption pursuant to Condition 11(b) (Redemption for tax 
reasons), Condition 11(c) (Redemption for regulatory reasons) 
and Condition 11(d) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer) 
shall be subject to the prior approval of the Regulatory Authority 
to the extent required by and in accordance with the Applicable 
Banking Regulations. If such approval is not given on or prior to 
the relevant redemption date, the Issuer will re-apply to the 
Regulatory Authority for its consent to such redemption as soon 
as the conditions permit. The Issuer will use its best endeavours

--- Page 16 ---
10286974115-v8 
14 
47-41075393 
 
to maintain the required regulatory capital and to obtain such 
approval. 
Optional Redemption: 
 
Notes may be redeemed before their stated maturity at the option 
of the Issuer (either in whole or in part) and/or (in the case of 
Senior Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes only) the 
Noteholders to the extent (if at all) specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
 
 
If the Notes are Subordinated Notes, the Optional Redemption 
Date (Call) must not be earlier than five years after the Issue 
Date. In addition, early redemption of Subordinated Notes at the 
option of the Issuer is subject to prior approval of the Regulatory 
Authority. If the Notes are Senior Non-Preferred Notes, the 
Optional Redemption Date (Call) must not be earlier than 12 
months after the Issue Date. 
Tax or Regulatory 
Redemption: 
 
Except as described in "Optional Redemption" above, early 
redemption will only be permitted for tax reasons or, in the case 
of Subordinated Notes, for regulatory reasons or, in the case of 
Senior Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes, following a MREL 
Disqualification Event, as described in Conditions 11(b) 
(Redemption for tax reasons), 11(c) (Redemption for regulatory 
reasons) and 11(h) (Issuer call due to a MREL Disqualification 
Event) respectively. Early redemption of Subordinated Notes will 
in any event be subject to the prior approval of the Regulatory 
Authority. 
Clean-up Redemption 
Option: 
 
Notes may be redeemed, in whole but not in part and to the 
extent (if at all) specified in the relevant Final Terms, if 75% or 
any higher percentage specified in the relevant Final Terms of 
the initial aggregate principal amount of the Notes of the same 
Series (which for the avoidance of doubt includes, any additional 
Notes issued subsequently and forming a single series with the 
first Tranche of a particular Series of Notes) have been 
redeemed or purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer and 
cancelled. Any such redemption shall be subject to the prior 
consent of the Regulatory Authority. 
Interest: 
 
Notes may be interest-bearing or non-interest bearing. Interest 
(if any) may accrue at a fixed rate or a floating rate or a 
combination of the two. Notes bearing interest at a fixed rate may 
contain provisions for interest to be reset on one or more 
occasions by reference to a mid-market swap rate. The method 
of calculating interest may vary between the issue date and the 
maturity date of the relevant Series. 
Benchmark Replacement: 
 
Condition 9(j) provides for certain fallback arrangements in the 
event that a Benchmark Event (as described in Condition 9(j)) 
occurs in relation to an Original Reference Rate at any time when 
the Conditions provide for any remaining Rate of Interest (or any 
component part(s) thereof) to be determined by reference to 
such Original Reference Rate. In such event, the Issuer shall use

--- Page 17 ---
10286974115-v8 
15 
47-41075393 
 
its reasonable endeavours to appoint and consult with an 
Independent Adviser, as soon as reasonably practicable, to 
determine a Successor Rate, failing which an Alternative Rate 
and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread, if any, as well as any 
Benchmark Amendments. See Condition 9(j) for further 
information. 
If the Issuer is unable to appoint and consult with an Independent 
Adviser or if the Independent Adviser appointed by it fails to 
determine a Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate prior to the 
relevant Interest Determination Date, the Issuer (acting in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) may make those 
determinations itself. 
Denominations: 
 
Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be specified 
in the relevant Final Terms, subject to compliance with all 
applicable legal and/or regulatory and/or central bank 
requirements, and save that the minimum denomination of (i) 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes will be €150,000 (or the equivalent 
amount where the Notes are denominated in a currency other 
than euro); (ii) Subordinated Notes will be €200,000 (or the 
equivalent amount where the Notes are denominated in a 
currency other than euro); and (iii) Senior Notes will be €1,000 
(or the equivalent amount where the Notes are denominated in 
a currency other than euro), or, in each case, such other 
minimum denomination provided by applicable law from time to 
time. 
Negative Pledge: 
 
None. 
Taxation: 
 
All payments in respect of Notes will be made free and clear of 
withholding or deduction for, or on account of, any present or 
future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of 
whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or 
assessed by or on behalf of Italy or any political subdivision 
thereof or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, 
unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. In that 
event, the Issuer will (subject to the exceptions set out in 
Condition 13 (Taxation)) pay such additional amounts in respect 
of principal (for the Senior Notes and Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes, solely to the extent that such amounts do not qualify at 
such time as liabilities that are eligible to meet the MREL 
Requirements) and in respect of interest (for any Notes) as will 
result in the Noteholders receiving such amounts as they would 
have received in respect of such Notes had no such withholding 
or deduction been required. 
 
 
Notwithstanding the above and as more fully set out in Condition 
13 (Taxation), the Issuer shall not be liable in certain 
circumstances to pay any additional amounts to holders of the 
Notes, including circumstances where any payment, withholding 
or deduction is required:

--- Page 18 ---
10286974115-v8 
16 
47-41075393 
 
(i) 
pursuant to Decree No. 239 on account of Italian 
substitute tax, as defined therein in relation to interest or 
premium payable on, or other income deriving from, the 
Notes; or 
(ii) 
pursuant to the provisions of U.S. federal income tax law 
commonly referred to as the U.S. Foreign Account Tax 
Compliance Act (or FATCA). 
Governing Law of the 
Notes: 
 
The Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or 
in connection with the Notes will be governed by, and shall be 
construed in accordance with, Italian law. 
Ratings: 
 
Notes issued pursuant to the Programme may be rated or 
unrated. Where an issue of Notes is rated, its rating will be 
specified in the Final Terms. A rating is not a recommendation to 
buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, 
reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating 
agency. 
The Final Terms will specify whether or not each credit rating 
applied for in relation to the relevant Series of Notes will be 
issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the 
EEA and registered under the CRA Regulation or by a credit 
rating agency which is certified under the CRA Regulation. In 
general, EEA regulated investors are restricted from using a 
rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not issued by a 
credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under 
the CRA Regulation or (1) the rating is provided by a credit rating 
agency not established in the EEA but is endorsed by a credit 
rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the 
CRA Regulation or (2) the rating is provided by a credit rating 
agency not established in the EEA which is certified under the 
CRA Regulation. 
Selling Restrictions: 
 
For a description of certain restrictions on offers, sales and 
deliveries of Notes and on the distribution of offering material in 
the United States of America, the EEA (including Italy and 
France), the United Kingdom and Japan, see "Subscription and 
Sale" below.

--- Page 19 ---
10286974115-v8 
17 
47-41075393 
 
RISK FACTORS 
The Issuer believes that the following factors may affect its ability to fulfil its obligations under Notes 
issued under the Programme. Most of these factors are contingencies which may or may not occur and 
the Issuer is not in a position to express a view on the likelihood of any such contingency occurring. 
In addition, factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with 
Notes issued under the Programme are also described below. 
The Issuer believes that the matters described below represent the principal risks inherent in investing 
in Notes issued under the Programme, but the inability of the Issuer to pay interest, principal or other 
amounts on or in connection with any Notes may occur for other reasons which may not be considered 
significant risks by the Issuer based on information currently available to it or which it may not currently 
be able to anticipate. 
The risks that are specific to the Issuer are presented in four separate categories and those specific to 
the Notes in three categories, in each case with the most material risk factor presented first in each 
category, while the remaining risk factors are presented in an order which is not intended to be indicative 
either of the relative likelihood that each risk will materialise or of the magnitude of their potential impact 
for investors. Additional risks and uncertainties relating to the Issuer and the industries in which it 
operates that are not currently known to the Issuer or which it currently deems immaterial may also, 
either individually or cumulatively, have a material adverse effect on the business, prospects, results of 
operations and/or financial position of the Issuer. If any such risk should occur, the price of the Notes 
may decline and investors could lose all or part of their investment. Investors should consider carefully 
whether an investment in the Notes is suitable for them in light of the information in this Base Prospectus 
and their personal circumstances. 
Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base 
Prospectus and reach their own views prior to making any investment decision. 
Words and expressions defined in "Form of the Notes", "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" or 
elsewhere in this Base Prospectus have the same meaning in this section. Prospective investors should 
read the whole of this Base Prospectus, including the information incorporated by reference. 
MATERIAL RISKS THAT ARE SPECIFIC TO THE ISSUER 
The risks below have been classified into the following categories: 
• 
Risks related to the Issuer's business activities and industry; 
• 
Risks related to general economic conditions; 
• 
Risks related to legal and regulatory framework; 
• 
Risks related to the Issuer's environment. 
Risks related to the Issuer's business activities and industry 
Risks concerning liquidity 
The Issuer's businesses are subject to risks concerning liquidity which are inherent in its banking 
operations and could affect the Issuer's ability to meet its financial obligations as they fall due or to fulfil 
its commitments to lend. In order to ensure that the Issuer continues to perform its funding activities 
and to maintain or grow its business generally, it relies on customer savings and transmission balances, 
as well as ongoing access to the wholesale lending markets. The ability of the Issuer to access 
wholesale and retail funding sources on favourable economic terms is dependent on a variety of factors,

--- Page 20 ---
10286974115-v8 
18 
47-41075393 
 
some of which are outside of its control, such as liquidity constraints, general market conditions and 
confidence in the Italian banking system. 
Although the Issuer regularly monitors its liquidity and funding risks, any unfavourable developments in 
market conditions, the general economic environment and/or the Issuer's credit standing, combined 
with the need to align the Issuer's liquidity and funding position to regulatory requirements, could have 
an adverse impact on the Issuer's business, financial condition and/or results of operations. 
Competition in the Italian market 
Competition is intense in all of the Issuer's primary business areas in Italy. The Issuer derives nearly all 
of its banking income from its banking activities in Italy, a market where competitive pressures have 
been increasing quickly and which has been going through a process of consolidation, with large 
banking groups undergoing mergers and acquisitions to achieve greater economies of scale. Larger 
banks are in a better position to take advantage of economies of scale and to spread fixed costs and 
investments, for example in information technology, over a large number of clients. Larger banks also 
have greater financial and operational resources than smaller banks such as the Issuer. 
Furthermore, the digitisation of financial services is having a significant impact on internet and mobile 
banking, as well the payments ecosystem, including new market entrants and payment mechanisms, 
not all of which are subject to the same level of regulatory scrutiny or regulations as financial institutions. 
Any failure by the Issuer to keep up with developments by taking advantage of new digital capabilities 
could have an adverse impact on its business.  
If the Issuer is unable to continue to respond to the competitive environment in Italy with attractive 
product and service offerings that are profitable for the Issuer, it may lose market share in important 
areas of its business or incur losses on some or all of its activities. In addition, downturns in the Italian 
economy could add to the competitive pressure through, for example, increased price pressure and 
lower business volumes for which to compete. 
Small local market 
The Issuer is a relatively small Italian savings bank, based in the Italian autonomous region of Trentino-
Alto Adige/Südtirol and has local operations concentrated principally in the north-east of Italy. 
Accordingly, the Issuer's market is limited. The Issuer's loan portfolio is geographically narrow and is 
concentrated in industries that mirror the local economy. At the same time, there can be no assurance 
that the Issuer will maintain its niche position in the future. Any downturn in economic conditions 
affecting the Issuer's local market and the main industries in that area (such as tourism) may have a 
material adverse effect on the Issuer's business, financial condition and results of operations. 
Risks arising from the Raiffeisen institutional protection scheme 
Following the reform of Italian cooperative banking, initially enacted in 2016, the co-operative banks of 
the province of Bolzano (the "Raiffeisen Banks"), who are also the Issuer's shareholders, were able to 
choose between the creation of a cooperative banking group or an institutional protection scheme 
("IPS") under Article 113(7) of CRR (as defined below). In December 2018, in order to maintain their 
independence, the Raiffeisen Banks opted for an IPS, which the Issuer also decided to join and which 
received authorisation from the Bank of Italy in November 2020.  
The key objective of the IPS is to protect its member institutions by providing a mutual support 
mechanism, the central pillar of which is the guarantee scheme. Under that scheme, the Issuer and all 
other members of the IPS must, if necessary, commit part of their Own Funds to the provision of the 
financial support required to fulfil their guarantee obligations, although the amount of Own Funds to be 
pledged is limited to those Own Funds in excess of regulatory obligations. As a result, Noteholders are

--- Page 21 ---
10286974115-v8 
19 
47-41075393 
 
potentially exposed to risks arising from financial difficulties of other banks that are members of the IPS, 
regardless of the fact that those banks are separate legal entities from the Issuer.  
Credit and market risk 
To the extent that any of the instruments and strategies used by the Issuer to hedge or otherwise 
manage its exposure to credit or market risk are not effective, the Issuer may not be able to mitigate 
effectively its risk exposure in particular market environments or against particular types of risk. The 
Issuer's trading revenues and interest rate risk are dependent upon its ability to identify properly, and 
mark to market, changes in the value of financial instruments caused by changes in market prices or 
interest rates. The Issuer's financial results also depend upon how effectively the Issuer determines 
and assesses the cost of credit and manages its own credit risk and market risk concentration. 
Risk management and exposure to unidentified or unanticipated risks 
The Issuer has devoted significant resources to developing policies, procedures and assessment 
methods to manage market, credit, liquidity and operating risks and intends to continue to do so in the 
future. Nonetheless, the Issuer's risk management techniques and strategies may not be fully effective 
in mitigating its risk exposure in all economic market environments or against all types of risks, including 
risks that the Issuer fails to identify or anticipate. If existing or potential customers believe that the 
Issuer's risk management policies and procedures are inadequate, the Issuer's reputation as well as its 
revenues and profits may be negatively affected. 
Operational risk 
The Issuer, like all financial institutions, is exposed to many types of operational risk, including the risk 
of fraud by employees and outsiders, unauthorised transactions by employees or operational errors, 
including errors resulting from faulty information technology or telecommunication systems. Although 
the Issuer's systems and processes are designed to ensure that the operational risks associated with 
the Issuer's activities are appropriately monitored, any failure or weakness in these systems could 
adversely affect the Issuer's financial performance and business activities. 
IT and cyber risk 
The Issuer's operations depend on its information technology and data processing systems, as well as 
their continuous maintenance and constant updating. In particular, operations involve daily processing 
and storage of large amounts of customer data and require uninterrupted, accurate, permanently 
available, real-time and safe transmission and storage of customer and other data in compliance with 
applicable laws and regulations. There are a wide range of possible risks from the Issuer's IT systems, 
such as those relating to the quality and integrity of the data managed, the effective management of 
software changes, the reliability of the Issuer's IT systems and their ability to respond to a system failure 
or to external threats, including penetration of systems by outsiders intent on extracting or corrupting 
information, disrupting business processes or committing fraud. Such violations have become 
increasingly frequent throughout the world and the risks have been heightened in recent years by the 
increasing number of staff working from home.  
The possible destruction, damage or loss of customer, employee or third party data, as well as the 
removal, unauthorised processing or disclosure of such data, could disrupt the Issuer's business, give 
rise to liability to customers for data breaches, harm the Issuer's reputation and undermine customer 
confidence in its systems, as well as resulting in a breach of laws and regulations under which the 
Issuer operates (including the General Data Protection Regulation 2016/679/EU), in turn leading to 
heavy fines. In addition, changes to relevant regulation could impose more stringent sanctions for 
violations and lead to significant additional compliance costs. 
All of the above circumstances could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer's business, financial

--- Page 22 ---
10286974115-v8 
20 
47-41075393 
 
condition and results of operations. 
Impact of events which are difficult to anticipate 
The Issuer's earnings and business may be affected by general economic conditions, the performance 
of financial markets, interest rate levels, currency exchange rates, changes in laws and regulation, 
changes in the polices of central banks, particularly the Bank of Italy and the European Central Bank, 
and competitive factors, at a regional, national and international level. Each of these factors can change 
the level of demand for the Issuer's products and services, the credit quality of borrowers and 
counterparties, the interest rate margin of the Issuer between lending and borrowing costs and the value 
of the Issuer's investment and trading portfolios. 
Risks related to general economic conditions 
Risks associated with the consequences of the Russian invasion of Ukraine 
The ongoing full-scale Russian invasion of Ukraine, which was launched on 24 February 2022, together 
with the imposition of sanctions and export controls against Russia and Russian interests by a number 
of countries including member states of the European Union, has already had a significant impact on 
the European and global economy, with greater market volatility and inflation and an impact on the 
prices of energy and natural gas. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, it is not possible to predict the 
broader consequences of the invasion, which could include further sanctions, export controls and 
embargoes, greater regional instability, geopolitical shifts and other adverse effects on macroeconomic 
conditions, currency exchange rates, supply chains and financial markets, all of which could, either 
directly or indirectly, have an adverse impact on the Issuer's business, financial condition and results of 
operations.  
Risks arising from a sovereign credit rating change 
The Issuer's credit ratings are potentially exposed to the risk of reductions in the sovereign credit rating 
of Italy. On the basis of the methodologies used by rating agencies, downgrades of Italy's credit rating 
(or the perception that such a downgrade may occur) have had in the past, and may in the future have, 
a knock-on effect on the credit rating of Italian issuers, causing the credit rating of Notes issued under 
the Programme to be downgraded, with a consequent increase in funding costs. Moreover, any further 
deterioration in the credit of securities issued by governments, central banks and other public entities 
and a decrease in the market price of any such securities held by the Issuer in its portfolio could diminish 
the value of its assets. All of the above circumstances could, either individually or cumulatively, have a 
material adverse effect on the Issuer's business, financial condition and results of operations. 
Risks related to financial and macroeconomic conditions in global and domestic markets 
The Issuer's operations are concentrated in Italy and its business, financial condition and results of 
operations are significantly affected by the general economic situation in Italy which, in turn, is closely 
linked to the state of the wider economy, both at EU level and worldwide. A number of uncertainties 
remain in the current macroeconomic environment, namely: 
• 
the consequences of the Russian invasion of Ukraine, the impact of European Union sanctions 
on Russia and the risk of the conflict spreading elsewhere; 
• 
trends in the economy and the prospects of recovery and consolidation of the economies of 
developed countries such as the US and China; 
• 
the trend towards protectionism driven by U.S. government policy and the outcome of the trade 
dispute between the US and China;

--- Page 23 ---
10286974115-v8 
21 
47-41075393 
 
• 
future development of the monetary policy of the European Central Bank in the Euro area, the 
Federal Reserve System, and in the Dollar area, and the policies implemented by other countries 
aimed at promoting competitive devaluations of their currencies; 
• 
high levels of inflation in most developed counties, which are likely to lead to a further fall in 
consumer spending; 
• 
weak economic growth in Italy in recent years, alternating with periods of outright recession, as 
well as political instability;  
• 
concerns over the long-term sustainability of the European single currency;  
• 
an increase in volatility in the financial markets that could have a negative impact on financial 
institutions, as recently seen in US banking sector and in the Swiss bank Credit Suisse;  
• 
the sustainability of the sovereign debt of certain countries, including Italy, and related recurring 
tensions on the financial markets; and  
• 
the potential negative impact on the economy arising from climate change and global warming 
at both a global and regional level. 
In any situation involving economic downturn and/or market volatility, the Issuer may face the following 
risks: 
• 
an adverse impact on the household income of its retail customers and the profitability of 
business customers, leading in turn to reduced demand for its products and services, and 
possibly also giving rise to an increase in the Issuer's provisions for non-performing loans and 
other provisions; 
• 
greater competitive pressure through, for instance, increased price pressure and lower business 
volumes for which the Issuer competes;  
• 
an adverse effect on the portfolio of investment securities held by the Issuer and, as a 
consequence, on its liquidity and the overall value of its assets; and 
• 
higher funding costs for the Issuer, as a result of lower incomes of deposit holders, difficulty in 
borrowing from the wholesale markets and decreased ability to access the capital and financial 
markets and to refinance debt to meet financial requirements.  
All of the above matters, in particular in times of economic and financial crisis, could result in an increase 
in the Issuer's borrowing costs, a slowdown in its ordinary business and/or a decline in its asset values, 
all of which could have an adverse impact on the Issuer's business, financial condition and results of 
operations. 
Market declines and volatility 
The results of the Issuer may be affected by general economic, financial and other business conditions. 
During a recession, there may be less demand for loan products and a greater number of the Issuer's 
customers may default on their loans or other obligations. Interest rate rises may also have an impact 
on the demand for mortgages and other loan products. The risk arising from the impact of the economy 
and business climate on the credit quality of the Issuer's borrowers and counterparties can affect the 
overall credit quality and the recoverability of loans and amounts due from counterparties. 
Protracted market declines and reduced liquidity in the markets 
In some of the Issuer's businesses, protracted adverse market movements, particularly the decline of 
asset prices, could reduce market activity and market liquidity. These developments may lead to

--- Page 24 ---
10286974115-v8 
22 
47-41075393 
 
material losses if the Issuer cannot close out deteriorating positions in a timely way, especially in the 
case of assets that did not enjoy a very liquid market to begin with. Furthermore, where assets are not 
traded on stock exchanges or other public trading markets, such as derivatives contracts between 
banks, their value may be calculated by the Issuer using models other than publicly quoted prices. 
Monitoring the deterioration in prices of assets such as these is difficult and failure to do so effectively 
could lead to unanticipated losses. This in turn could adversely affect the Issuer's operation results and 
financial condition. 
In some of the Issuer's businesses, protracted or steep declines in the stock or bond markets in Italy 
and elsewhere may adversely affect the Issuer's securities trading activities and its asset management 
services, as well as the Issuer's investments in and sales of products linked to the performance of 
financial assets. 
Changes in interest rates 
Changes in interest rate levels may affect the interest rate margin realised between lending and 
borrowing costs. The Issuer earns interest from loans and other assets and pays interest to its 
depositors and other creditors. The Issuer's results of operations are therefore dependent to a great 
extent on its net interest income, which is the difference between the yield on its interest-bearing assets 
and the cost of its interest-bearing liabilities. This varies according to prevailing interest rates and is a 
significant factor in determining the profitability of the Issuer.  
Reductions in interest rates or compression of the interest rate spread may result in a decrease in the 
Issuer's net interest income. Increases in interest rates, on the other hand, may have an impact on the 
demand for mortgages and other loan products, and create difficulties for the Issuer's borrowers to 
refinance or repay loans and potentially increase the Issuer's non-performing loan levels. In both 
scenarios, the consequences could have a material adverse effect on the business, results of 
operations and financial condition of the Issuer. 
Interest rates are highly sensitive to many factors beyond the Issuer's control, including fiscal and 
monetary policies of governments and central banks in the jurisdictions in which the Issuer operates. In 
particular, the effect of the EU's Economic and Monetary Union and the policies of the government of 
the Republic of Italy are significant for the Issuer and are subject to change. 
Risks related to changes to legal and regulatory framework 
Changes to legal and regulatory framework 
As a bank, the Issuer is subject to extensive regulation and supervision by the Bank of Italy, CONSOB 
(the Italian financial markets regulator), the European Central Bank and the European System of Central 
Banks. The banking laws to which the Issuer is subject govern the activities in which banks and banking 
foundations may engage and are designed to maintain the safety and soundness of banks, and limit 
their exposure to risk. In addition, the Issuer must comply with financial services laws that govern its 
marketing and selling practices. Recent and proposed changes to the regulatory framework governing 
international financial markets and the implementation of new legislation and regulations by the 
competent authorities could generate new burdens and obligations for the Issuer, including proposed 
regulatory initiatives, all as described below.  
Risks related to recent and upcoming laws and regulations affecting the banking sector 
CRD IV package 
The revised global regulatory standards on bank capital adequacy and liquidity ("Basel III") of the Basel 
Committee on Banking Supervision (the "Basel Committee") were implemented in phases with full 
enforcement in 2019. Basel III has imposed requirements for, inter alia, higher and better-quality capital,

--- Page 25 ---
10286974115-v8 
23 
47-41075393 
 
better risk coverage, measures to promote the build-up of capital that can be drawn down in periods of 
stress and the introduction of a leverage ratio as a backstop to the risk-based requirement, as well as 
two global liquidity standards. The key changes introduced by Basel III were implemented in the EU by: 
• 
Directive 2013/36/EU on access to the activity of credit institutions and the prudential supervision 
of credit institutions and investment firms ("CRD IV"); and 
• 
Regulation (EU) No. 575/2013 on prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment 
firms (commonly referred to as the EU Capital Requirements Regulation or "CRR" and, together 
with CRD IV, the "CRD IV Package"). 
Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive 
Directive 2014/59/EU of 15 May 2014 establishing an EU-wide framework for the recovery and 
resolution of credit institutions and investment firms (the "Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive" 
or "BRRD") is designed to provide authorities with a credible set of resolution tools and powers for 
(among other things) the protection of depositors and investors and the minimising of reliance on public 
financial support. Implemented in Italy under Legislative Decree No. 180 of 16 November 2015, BRRD 
offers a broad range of resolution tools and powers that may be used alone or in combination where 
the relevant resolution authority considers that certain required conditions are met, namely that an 
institution is failing or likely to fail, that no alternative private sector measure, or supervisory action, 
would prevent the failure of the institution within a reasonable timeframe and that the taking of a 
resolution action is necessary in the public interest. 
In addition, BRRD requires institutions to meet at all times a minimum requirement for own funds and 
eligible liabilities ("MREL"), expressed as a percentage of the total liabilities and own funds of the 
institution. The aim is that the minimum amount should be proportionate and adapted for each category 
of bank on the basis of their risk or the composition of their sources of funding and to ensure adequate 
capitalisation to continue exercising critical functions post-resolution. The final draft regulatory technical 
standards published by the EBA in July 2015 set out the assessment criteria that resolution authorities 
should use to determine the MREL for individual firms. BRRD does not foresee an absolute minimum, 
but attributes the competence to set a minimum amount for each bank to national resolution authorities 
(for banks not subject to supervision by the ECB) or to the SRB for banks subject to direct supervision 
by the ECB under Regulation (EU) No. 806/2014 laying down uniform rules and procedures for the 
resolution of credit institutions and certain investment firms under the Single Resolution Mechanism 
("SRMR"). See also "EU banking reform" below. 
See also "Material Risks that are Specific to the Notes - The Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive 
may affect Notes" below. 
EU banking reform 
On 23 November 2016, the European Commission presented a comprehensive package of reforms to 
strengthen further the resilience of EU banks (the "EU Banking Reform"). Amendments to the BRRD 
to introduce a new asset class of senior "non-preferred" debt instruments (strumenti di debito 
chirografario di secondo livello) were introduced by Directive (EU) 2017/2399 which came into force on 
28 December 2017 and was transposed in Italy by Law No. 205/2017, which for such purpose amended 
certain provisions of Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993 (also known as the Testo Unico 
Bancario and, as amended or supplemented from time to time, the "TUB").  
The EU Banking Reform covers multiple areas, including the Pillar 2 framework, a binding minimum 
leverage ratio requirement, a binding net stable funding ratio requirement, mandatory restrictions on 
distributions, permission for reducing own funds and eligible liabilities, macro-prudential tools, the Basel 
Committee's new standardised approach for measuring counterparty credit risk exposures, the Basel

--- Page 26 ---
10286974115-v8 
24 
47-41075393 
 
Committee's Fundamental Review of the Trading Book, the MREL framework and the integration of the 
Total Loss-absorbing Capacity ("TLAC") standard into EU legislation. Subsequently, the following 
dispositions came into force in June 2019: 
• 
Regulation (EU) No. 2019/876, amending CRR ("CRR II") as regards, inter alia, the leverage 
ratio, net stable funding ratio, requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities, counterparty 
credit risk, market risk, exposures to central counterparties, exposures to collective investment 
undertakings, large exposures, reporting and disclosure requirements; 
• 
Directive (EU) No. 2019/878 amending CRD IV as regards exempted entities, financial holding 
companies, mixed financial holding companies, remuneration, supervisory measures and powers 
and capital conservation measures ("CRD V") (CRR II and CRD V, together, the "CRD V 
Package"); 
• 
Directive (EU) 2019/879 amending BRRD as regards the loss-absorbing and recapitalisation 
capacity of credit institutions and investment firms (otherwise known as "BRRD II"); and 
• 
Regulation (EU) 2019/877 amending SRMR as regards the loss absorbing and recapitalisation 
capacity of credit institutions and investment firms ("SRMR II"). 
In particular the most significant amendments have been as set out below: 
• 
MREL: Under BRRD II, the rules on the subordination of MREL instruments were strengthened 
by introducing a new category of large banks (the so-called "top-tier banks") with a balance sheet 
size greater than €100 billion, in relation to which more prudent subordination requirements are 
formulated. National resolution authorities may also select other banks and subject them to the 
top-tier bank treatment, introducing new standards regarding calibration of the MREL 
requirements with the TLAC standard (in particular, the calculation of MREL is carried out by 
reference to a risk-based ratio based on risk-weighted assets, i.e. the total risk exposure amount, 
and a non-risk-based ratio based on the leverage ratio exposure which represents a hard floor) 
and redefining the scope of MREL itself;  
• 
Leverage Ratio: The CRD V Package introduced a binding leverage ratio requirement (i.e. a 
capital requirement independent from the riskiness of exposures, as a backstop to risk weighted 
capital requirements) for all institutions subject to CRR, complementing the current requirements 
under the CRD IV Package to calculate the leverage ratio, to report it to supervisors and, since 
January 2015, to disclose it publicly; and 
• 
NSFR: The CRD V Package introduced the net stable funding ratio ("NSFR") standard, which 
formed part of the Basel III framework and is designed to promote resilience over a one-year time 
horizon, requiring credit institutions to finance their long-term activities (asset and off-balance 
sheet items) with stable sources of funding (liabilities), with the aim of increasing resilience in the 
face of funding constraints.  
CRD V was transposed into Italian legislation (together with the relevant amendments to Italian laws 
and regulations required to implement CRR II) by means of Legislative Decree No. 182 of 8 November 
2021, while BRRD II was transposed into Italian legislation (together with the relevant amendments to 
Italian laws and regulations required to implement SRMS II) by means of Legislative Decree No. 193 of 
8 November 2021.  
Article 91 of the TUB was modified by Legislative Decree No. 193 of 8 November 2021 ("Decree No. 
193") to transpose into the Italian legislative framework the provisions envisaged by Article 48(7) of 
BRRD II. In particular, according to the amended version of Article 91 of the TUB, subordinated 
instruments which do not qualify (and no part thereof is recognised) as own funds items rank senior to 
own funds items (including any instruments only partly recognised as own funds items) and junior to

--- Page 27 ---
10286974115-v8 
25 
47-41075393 
 
senior "non-preferred" debt instruments. Moreover, if own funds items cease, in their entirety, to be 
classified as such, they will rank senior to own funds items but junior to senior "non-preferred" debt 
instruments. The above-mentioned provisions also apply to instruments issued before the entry into 
force of Decree No. 193. In addition, Article 12-ter of the TUB, introduced by Decree No. 193, provides 
for minimum denominations per unit for bonds and debt securities issued by banks or investment firms 
amounting to €150,000 (in the case of senior "non-preferred" debt instruments) or €200,000 (in the case 
of subordinated debt instruments).  
More recently:  
• 
in October 2021, the European Commission adopted legislative proposals containing 
amendments to CRD IV and the CRR, generally referred to "CRD VI" and "CRR III", containing 
reforms related to the EU implementation of the final Basel III standards (sometimes referred to 
as Basel 3.1), as well as a number of EU-specific reforms; and 
• 
in 18 April 2023, the Commission published a proposal for further amendments to the BRRD, 
including the amendment of the ranking of claims in insolvency. 
As implemented under CRR III, the final Basel III standards will make extensive revisions to the existing 
CRR provisions on credit risk and credit valuation adjustment (CVA) risk, replace the current operational 
risk framework entirely and impose provisions on market risk (which currently only apply in respect of 
reporting requirements) as a binding regulatory capital obligation. EU-specific reforms under the 
CRD VI / CRR III package include a harmonised framework for branches of third-country banks in EU 
member states, a new fit and proper framework for key individuals at financial institutions and measures 
relating to ESG risks. The CRD VI / CRR III package came into force on 9 July 2024, with CRR III 
applying, for the most part, from 1 January 2025 and individual member states required to implement a 
majority of the measures under CRD VI by 11 January 2026.  
The proposed amendments to the BRRD, on the other hand, include a general depositor preference, 
by which the insolvency laws of Member States would be required to extend legal preference of claims 
in respect of deposits relating to ordinary unsecured claims to all deposits. If implemented in its current 
form, the proposal would confirm the outcome currently applicable under Italian law, whereby senior 
debt instruments (including senior preferred debt instruments) rank junior to the claims of all depositors, 
including deposits of large corporates and other deposits. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the 
proposal needs to be agreed by the Member States and the European Parliament. 
Effective management of the Issuer's regulatory capital and liquidity is critical to its ability to operate its 
business and to pursue its strategy. Any change that limits the Issuer's ability to manage its balance 
sheet and regulatory capital and liquidity resources effectively, such as reductions in profits and retained 
earnings as a result of write-downs or otherwise, increases in risk weighted assets, changes in its asset 
composition, delays in the disposal of certain assets or an inability to receive loans as a result of market 
conditions or otherwise to access funding sources, could have a material adverse impact on the Issuer's 
business, financial condition, results of operation and regulatory capital position. 
Significant uncertainty remains around the implementation of some of these initiatives and the manner 
in which they are ultimately applied may have a material effect on the Issuer's business and operations. 
In addition, regulators and supervisory authorities are taking an increasingly strict approach to 
regulations and their enforcement, which may prove to be burdensome for the Issuer and, in the evant 
of any breach, lead to intervention by supervisory authorities. The Issuer may also become subject to 
new regulations and guidelines, which may require additional investments in systems and people and 
compliance with which may place additional burdens or restrictions on the Issuer. Overall, laws and 
regulations could be adopted, enforced or interpreted in a manner that restricts the operations of the 
Issuer or otherwise has an adverse effect on its business, financial condition, cash flows and results of

--- Page 28 ---
10286974115-v8 
26 
47-41075393 
 
operations or on the rights of Noteholders as creditors of the Issuer.  
Risks related to the environment 
Climate change risks 
Climate change gives rise to a number of potential risks, including:  
• 
transition risks associated with the move to a carbon neutral economy through policy, regulatory 
and technological changes;  
• 
physical risks connected to weather impacts, changes and unpredictability, such as damage to 
property and business disruption; and  
• 
derivative risks from parties claiming to have suffered loss from climate change and seeking 
compensation from those they hold responsible.  
Any of these risks may result in financial loss that could impair asset values and the creditworthiness 
of the Issuer's customers, thereby adversely affecting the Issuer. 
In addition, climate change may involve, among other matters, three primary drivers of financial risk that 
could adversely affect the Issuer: 
• 
Credit risks: physical climate change could lead to increased credit exposure and companies with 
business models not aligned with the transition to a low-carbon economy may face a higher risk 
of reduced corporate earnings and business disruption due to new regulations or market shifts;  
• 
Market risks: market changes in the most carbon-intensive sectors could affect energy and 
commodity prices, corporate bonds, equities and other securities, certain derivatives contracts 
and the default rate on loans, while the increasing frequency of severe weather events could also 
affect macroeconomic conditions, weakening fundamental factors such as economic growth, 
employment and inflation; and 
• 
Operational risks: severe weather events could directly affect business continuity and operations, 
both of customers and the Issuer. 
In addition, the Issuer's reputation and client relationships may be damaged by its, or its clients', 
involvement in certain business activities associated with climate change or as a result of negative 
public sentiment, regulatory scrutiny or reduced investor and stakeholder confidence, due to the Issuer's 
response to climate change and its climate change strategy.  
Any failure by the Issuer to measure and manage the various risks it faces from climate change 
effectively, or to adapt its strategy and business model to the changing regulatory requirements and 
market expectations, could have a material adverse effect on its business, financial condition and 
results of operations. 
RISKS RELATING TO THE NOTES 
The risks below have been classified into the following categories: 
• 
Risks related to Notes; 
• 
Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes; 
• 
Risks related to the market.

--- Page 29 ---
10286974115-v8 
27 
47-41075393 
 
Risks related to the Notes 
Potential conflicts of interest 
The Issuer may act as Paying Agent and Calculation Agent and a conflict of interest may arise as the 
Issuer engages in its other banking activities from time to time and in transactions involving an index or 
related derivatives which may affect amounts receivable by Noteholders during the term and on the 
maturity of the Notes or the market price, liquidity or value of the Notes and which could be deemed to 
be adverse to the interests of the Noteholders. 
Delisting of the Notes 
Application has been made for Notes issued under the Programme to be listed on the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange and Notes issued under the Programme may also be admitted to trading, listing and/or 
quotation by any other listing authority, stock exchange or quotation system (each, a "listing"), as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. Such Notes may subsequently be delisted despite the best efforts 
of the Issuer to maintain such listing and, although no assurance is made as to the liquidity of the Notes 
as a result of listing, any delisting of the Notes may have a material effect on a Noteholder's ability to 
resell the Notes on the secondary market. 
Change of law 
The Conditions are governed by Italian law in effect as of the date of this Base Prospectus. No 
assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or change to applicable law 
or administrative practice after the date of this Base Prospectus and any such change could have a 
material adverse impact on the value of any Notes affected by it. 
Tax changes 
Italian Law No. 111 of 9 August 2023, published in the Official Gazette No. 189 of 14 August 2023 
("Law 111"), delegates power to the Italian Government to enact, within twenty-four months from its 
publication, one or more legislative decrees implementing the reform of the Italian tax system (the "Tax 
Reform"). According to Law 111, the Tax Reform could significantly change the taxation of financial 
incomes and capital gains and introduce various amendments in the Italian tax system at different 
levels. The precise nature, extent, and impact of these amendments cannot be quantified or foreseen 
with certainty at this stage. As a result, the information provided in this Base Prospectus may not reflect 
the future tax landscape accurately. 
Investors should be aware that the amendments that may be introduced to the tax regime of financial 
incomes and capital gains could increase taxation on interest, similar income and/or capital gains 
accrued or realised under the Notes and could result in a lower return on their investment. Prospective 
investors should consult their own tax advisors regarding the tax consequences of the Tax Reform. 
Risk related to Notes issued in dematerialised form 
Notes issued under the Programme will be issued in dematerialised form and evidenced at any time 
through book entries pursuant to the relevant provisions of the Financial Services Act and in accordance 
with the CONSOB and Bank of Italy Joint Regulation (as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes). In no circumstance would physical documents of title be issued in respect of the Notes issued 
in dematerialised form. While the Notes are represented by book entries, investors will be able to trade 
their beneficial interests only through Euronext Securities Milan and the authorised financial 
intermediaries holding accounts on behalf of their customers with Euronext Securities Milan. As the 
Notes are held in dematerialised form with Euronext Securities Milan, investors will have to rely on the 
procedures of Euronext Securities Milan and the financial intermediaries authorised to hold accounts 
therewith, for transfer, payment and communication with the Issuer.

--- Page 30 ---
10286974115-v8 
28 
47-41075393 
 
Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes 
The Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive may affect Notes 
As described under "Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive" above, the Regulatory Authorities have, 
pursuant to the BRRD framework, the power to apply "resolution" tools if the Issuer is failing or likely to 
fail, as an alternative to liquidazione coatta amministrativa (compulsory liquidation proceedings). 
Specifically, these tools are: (1) the sale of business assets or shares of the Issuer; (2) the establishment 
of a bridging organisation; (3) the separation of the unimpaired assets of the Issuer from those which 
are deteriorated or impaired; and (4) a bail-in, through write-down/conversion into equity of regulatory 
capital instruments (including the Subordinated Notes) as well as other liabilities of the Issuer (including 
the Senior Notes and the Senior Non-Preferred Notes) if the relevant conditions are satisfied and in 
accordance with the creditors' hierarchy provided under the relevant provisions of Italian law. 
Furthermore, Article 33(a) of BRRD II introduces a new pre-resolution moratorium tool as a temporary 
measure in an early stage and new suspension powers, which the resolution authority can use within 
the resolution period. Any suspension of activities can, as stated above, result in the partial or complete 
suspension of the performance of agreements (including any payment or delivery obligation) entered 
into by the respective credit institution. The exercise of any such power or any suggestion of such 
exercise could materially adversely affect the rights of the holders of securities issued by the Issuer, the 
price or value of their investment in any such security and/or the ability of the credit institution to satisfy 
its obligations under any such security. 
In particular, by its acquisition of a Note (whether on issuance or in the secondary market), each holder 
of the Notes acknowledges, accepts, agrees to be bound by and consents to the exercise of any Bail-
in Power by a Regulatory Authority that may result in the cancellation of all, or a portion, of the principal 
amount of, or interest on, the Notes and/or the conversion of all, or a portion, of the principal amount 
of, or interest on, the Notes into equity or other securities or other obligations of the Issuer or another 
person, including by means of a variation to the terms of the Notes, in each case to give effect to the 
exercise by a Regulatory Authority of such Bail-in Power. Each holder of the Notes acknowledges, 
accepts and agrees that its rights as a holder of the Notes are subject to, and will be varied, if necessary, 
so as to give effect to, the exercise of any such power by any Regulatory Authority. 
The exercise of any power under the BRRD or any suggestion of such exercise taking place could, 
therefore, have a material adverse effect on the rights of Noteholders, the price or value of their 
investment in any Notes and/or the ability of the Issuer to satisfy its obligations under any Notes. 
For a description of the loss absorption requirement, see Conditions 4 (Status of Senior Notes), 5 
(Status of Senior Non-Preferred Notes) and 6 (Status of Subordinated Notes). 
Meetings of Noteholders 
Provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders are contained in the Provisions for Meetings of 
Noteholders and summarised in Condition 17(a) (Meetings of Noteholders). Noteholders' meetings may 
be called to consider matters affecting Noteholders' interests generally, including modifications to the 
terms and conditions relating to the Notes. These provisions permit defined majorities at those meetings 
to bind all Noteholders, including those who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting or who 
voted against the relevant proposal. Modifications to the Notes that may be approved by a Noteholders' 
meeting include, without limitation, lowering the ranking of the Notes, reducing the amount of principal 
and interest payable on the Notes, changing the time and manner of payment, changing provisions 
relating to redemption, limiting remedies on the Notes and changing the amendment provisions. Any 
such modification may have an adverse impact on Noteholders' rights and on the market value of the 
Notes.

--- Page 31 ---
10286974115-v8 
29 
47-41075393 
 
Jurisdiction of proceedings related to the Notes 
Pursuant to Condition 22(d) (Rights of the Noteholders to take proceedings outside Italy) of the Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes, Noteholders may only take proceedings relating to any dispute arising out 
of, or in connection with, the Notes in a Permitted Jurisdiction as defined in the Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes. 
Waiver of set-off 
In each of Conditions 4 (Status of Senior Notes), 5 (Status of Senior Non-Preferred Notes) and 6 (Status 
of Subordinated Notes), each holder of a Senior Note, Senior Non-Preferred Note or a Subordinated 
Note, as the case may be, is deemed to have unconditionally and irrevocably waived any right of set-
off, netting, counterclaim, abatement or other similar remedy which it might otherwise have under the 
laws of any jurisdiction in respect of such Senior Note, Senior Non-Preferred Note or Subordinated 
Note, as applicable. As a result, Noteholders may not be able to set-off any payment due from the 
Issuer. 
Notes have limited Events of Default and remedies 
The Events of Default in respect of Notes, being events upon which the holders of the Notes may 
declare the Notes to be immediately due and repayable, are limited to circumstances in which the Issuer 
becomes subject to winding-up or an analogous event as set out in Condition 14 (Events of Default). 
Accordingly, other than following the occurrence of an Event of Default, even if the Issuer fails to meet 
any of its obligations under the Notes, including the payment of any interest, or in case of the exercise 
of the Bail-in Power by the Regulatory Authority, the holders of the Notes will not have the right of 
acceleration of principal and the sole remedy available to Noteholders for recovery of amounts owing 
in respect of any of the Notes will be the institution of proceedings to enforce such payment. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Issuer will not, by virtue of the institution of any such proceedings, 
be obliged to pay any sum or sums sooner than the same would otherwise have been payable by it. 
Furthermore, investors should be aware that the terms and conditions of the Notes do not contain any 
negative pledge provisions. 
In the case of Notes which are issued as Green Bonds, Social Bonds, Sustainability Bonds, please also 
see the risk factor below entitled "Notes issued as "Green Bonds", "Social Bonds" or "Sustainability 
Bonds" – No breach of contract or event of default". 
Notes issued as "Green Bonds", "Social Bonds" or "Sustainability Bonds" 
No assurance is given as to the suitability of such Notes for all investors seeking exposure to green 
assets or social assets or sustainable assets 
The Issuer may issue Notes under the Programme described as "green bonds" ("Green Bonds"), 
"social bonds" ("Social Bonds") or "sustainability bonds" ("Sustainability Bonds") in accordance with 
the principles set out by the International Capital Market Association ("ICMA") which are, respectively, 
the Green Bond Principles ("GBP"), the Social Bond Principles ("SBP") and the Sustainability Bond 
Guidelines ("SBG"), all as set out in further detail in the section of this Base Prospectus entitled "Use 
of Proceeds" under the heading "Green Bonds, Social Bonds and Sustainability Bonds". 
In such a case, prospective investors should have regard to the information set out at "Reasons for the 
Offer, estimated net proceeds and total expenses" in the applicable Final Term and must determine for 
themselves the relevance of such information for the purpose of any investment in the Notes together 
with any other investigation such investors deem necessary, and must assess the suitability of that 
investment in light of their own circumstances. In particular, no assurance is given by the Issuer or the 
Dealers that the use of such proceeds for the funding of any green project or social project or 
sustainable project, as the case may be, will satisfy, whether in whole or in part, any present or future

--- Page 32 ---
10286974115-v8 
30 
47-41075393 
 
investor expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such 
investor or its investments are required to comply, whether by any present or future applicable law or 
regulations or by its own by-laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates (including 
the legislation referred to in the paragraphs that follow below). Furthermore, it should be noted that 
there is currently no clearly established definition (legal, regulatory or otherwise) of, nor any market 
consensus as to what constitutes, "green" or a "social" or a "sustainable" project or as to what precise 
attributes are required for a particular project to be defined as "green" or "social" or "sustainable" or 
such other equivalent label. 
A basis for the determination of the definitions of "green" and "sustainable" has been established in the 
EU with the publication in the Official Journal of the EU on 22 June 2020 of Regulation (EU) 2020/852 
of the European Parliament and of the Council of 18 June 2020 on the establishment of a framework to 
facilitate sustainable investment (the "EU Sustainable Finance Taxonomy") and the final social 
taxonomy report on transition activities for the EU Sustainable Finance Taxonomy, which was published 
by the Platform on Sustainable Finance on 28 February 2022. On 21 April 2021, the European 
Commission adopted the EU Taxonomy Climate Delegated Act, introducing a first set of technical 
screening criteria to be used to define which activities contribute to climate change adaptation and 
mitigation objectives under the EU Sustainable Finance Taxonomy (the "Taxonomy Climate 
Delegated Act"), coming into force on 1 January 2022. On 10 March 2022, the EU Commission adopted 
the EU Taxonomy Complementary Climate Delegated Act, covering certain nuclear and gas activities 
and has been applicable since January 2023. Furthermore, on 6 April 2022, the European Commission 
adopted the Regulatory Technical Standards (RTS) supplements Regulation (EU) 2019/2088 (the 
"Sustainable Finance Disclosure Regulation"), which has been applicable since January 2023. On 
21 November 2023, a delegated act and annexes containing the technical screening criteria of the 
remaining four environmental objectives and the amendments to the Disclosure Delegated Act were 
published in the Official Journal; on the same day, a delegated act amending the Climate Delegated 
Act, was published in the Official Journal. Any further delegated act adopted by the EU Commission to 
implement the EU Sustainable Finance Taxonomy or the Sustainable Finance Disclosure Regulation 
may result in a regular review of the relating screening criteria, with changes to the scope of activities 
and other amendments to reflect technological progress.  
In addition, on 18 June 2019, the Commission Technical Expert Group on sustainable finance published 
its final report on a future European standard for green bonds (the "EU Green Bond Standard" or 
"EuGB"). On 6 July 2021, the European Commission officially adopted a legislative proposal for a EU 
Green Bond Standard setting out four main requirements: (i) allocation of the funds raised by the green 
bond in compliance with the EU Sustainable Finance Taxonomy; (ii) full transparency on the allocation 
of the green bond proceeds; (iii) monitoring and compliance activities to be carried out by an external 
reviewer; and (iv) registration of external reviewers with the ESMA and subject to its supervision. The 
European Commission, the European Council and the European Parliament entered into trilogue 
negotiations and reached a provisional agreement on 28 February 2023 on the legislative proposal for 
an EU Green Bond Standard introducing a voluntary standard. On 10 May 2023, a version of the 
regulation adopted by the legislative bodies of the European Union was published. Finally, on 30 
November 2023, Regulation (EU) 2023/2631 on European Green Bonds and optional disclosures for 
bonds marketed as environmentally sustainable and for sustainability-linked bonds was published in 
the Official Journal, it entered into force on 20 December 2023 and will apply from 21 December 2024. 
Any Notes issued under the Programme as Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds and 
the corresponding eligible projects are only intended to comply with the requirements and processes in 
the Issuer’s Sustainability Bond Framework and are not intended to comply with the EU Sustainable 
Finance Taxonomy. No assurance is or can be given to investors that any green or social or sustainable 
project, as the case may be, towards which proceeds of the Notes are to be applied will meet the

--- Page 33 ---
10286974115-v8 
31 
47-41075393 
 
investor expectations regarding such "green" or "social" or "sustainable" performance objectives 
(including those set out under the EU Sustainable Finance Taxonomy and any related technical 
screening criteria, the Sustainable Finance Disclosure Regulation and any implementing legislation and 
guidelines, or any similar legislation) or that any adverse social, green, sustainable and/or other impacts 
will not occur during the implementation of any green or social or sustainable project. Further, no 
assurance can be given that Notes issued as Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds will 
meet investor expectations or requirements regarding such "green", "sustainable", "social" or similar 
labels (including in relation to the EU Sustainable Finance Taxonomy and any related technical 
screening criteria, the Sustainable Finance Disclosure Regulation), and any implementing legislation 
and guidelines, or any similar legislation or any requirements of such labels as they may evolve from 
time to time. 
No Green Bonds issued under the Programme will be compliant with the EU Green Bond Standard. As 
at the date of this Base Prospectus, it is not clear if the establishment of the "European Green Bond" or 
"EuGB" label and the optional disclosures regime for bonds issued as "environmentally sustainable" 
under the EU Green Bond Standard could have an impact on investor demand for, and pricing of, green 
use of proceeds bonds that do not comply with the requirements of the EuGB label or the optional 
disclosures regime, such as the Green Bonds issued under this Programme. Any non-compliance could 
result in reduced liquidity or lower demand or could otherwise affect the market price of any such Green 
Bonds. 
While it is the intention of the Issuers to apply an amount equivalent to the proceeds of Social Bonds, 
Green Bonds or Sustainability Bonds in, or substantially in, the manner described in the applicable Final 
Terms, there can be no assurance that the green, low carbon, social or combination of any green and 
social projects (either resulting from the original application of the proceeds of the Notes or a 
subsequent reallocation of such proceeds), as the case may be, will be capable of being implemented 
in or substantially in such manner and/or in accordance with any timing schedule and that accordingly 
the proceeds of the relevant Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds will be totally or 
partially disbursed for such projects. Nor can there be any assurance that such green, low carbon, 
social or combination of any green and social projects will be completed within any specified period or 
at all or with the results or outcome as originally expected or anticipated by the Issuers, or that the 
originally designated green, low carbon, social or combination of any green and social project (or any 
project(s) resulting from any subsequent reallocation of some or all of the proceeds of the relevant 
Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds) will not be disqualified as such. 
Each prospective investor should have regard to the factors described in the Issuer's Sustainability 
Bond Framework and the relevant information contained in this Base Prospectus and seek advice from 
their independent financial adviser or other professional adviser regarding its purchase of any Green 
Bonds, Social Bonds and Sustainability Bonds before deciding to invest. The Issuer's Sustainability 
Bond Framework may be subject to review and change and may be amended, updated, supplemented, 
replaced and/or withdrawn from time to time and any subsequent version(s) may differ from any 
description given in this Base Prospectus. The Issuer's Sustainability Bond Framework does not form 
part of, nor is it incorporated by reference in, this Base Prospectus. 
 
No assurance of suitability or reliability of any Second-party Opinion or any other opinion or 
certification of any third party relating to any Green/Social/Sustainable Bonds 
In connection with the issue of Green Bonds, Social Bonds and Sustainability Bonds, the Issuer’s 
Sustainability Bond Framework was approved by its Board of Directors on 2 November 2020 and the 
PwC Second-party Opinion was delivered to the Issuer on 11 December 2022, confirming that the 
relevant green, social and sustainable projects envisaged under the Sustainability Bond Framework 
have been defined in accordance with the broad categorisation of eligibility for green, social and

--- Page 34 ---
10286974115-v8 
32 
47-41075393 
 
sustainable projects set out in the GBP, the SBP and the SBG. See the section of this Base Prospectus 
entitled “Use of Proceeds” under the heading “Green Bonds, Social Bonds and Sustainability Bonds” 
below. In addition, the Issuer may instruct PwC or another sustainability rating agency or consulting firm 
to issue further second-party opinions confirming alignment of the relevant projects with the GBP, the 
SBP and/or the SBG and/or a second-party opinion regarding the suitability of the Notes as an 
investment in connection with certain environmental, sustainability or social projects (any such opinion, 
including the PwC Second-party Opinion, a "Second-party Opinion").  
A Second-party Opinion may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to the structure and/or 
market, additional risk factors discussed above and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes 
or the projects financed or refinanced toward an amount corresponding the net proceeds of the relevant 
issue of Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds. A Second-party Opinion does not 
constitute a recommendation to buy, sell or hold the relevant Green Bonds, Social Bonds or 
Sustainability Bonds and is only current as of the date it is released. Nevertheless, any withdrawal of 
the Second-party Opinion or any other opinion or certification may have a material adverse effect on 
the value of such Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds in respect of which opinion or 
certification is given and/or may have adverse consequences for certain investors with portfolio 
mandates to invest in green or social or sustainable assets to be used for a particular purpose. 
No breach of contract or Event of Default 
While it is the intention of the Issuer to apply an amount equivalent to the proceeds of Social Bonds, 
Green Bonds or Sustainability Bonds in, or substantially in, the manner described in the applicable Final 
Terms, there can be no assurance that the green, low carbon, social or sustainable projects, as the 
case may be, will be capable of being implemented in such manner and/or in accordance with any 
timing schedule and that accordingly the amount of the proceeds of the relevant Green Bonds, Social 
Bonds or Sustainability Bonds will be totally or partially disbursed for such projects. Nor can there be 
any assurance that such green, low carbon, social or sustainable projects will be completed within any 
specified period or at all or with the results or outcome as originally expected or anticipated by the 
Issuer. Any such event or failure by the Issuer will not (i) give rise to any claim of a Noteholder against 
the Issuer; (ii) constitute an Event of Default under the Notes or result in an acceleration of the Notes; 
(iii) lead to an obligation of the Issuer to redeem such Notes or be a relevant factor for the Issuer in 
determining whether or not to exercise any optional redemption rights in respect of any Notes; (iv) affect 
the qualification of such Notes as strumenti di debito chirografario di secondo livello, Tier II Capital or 
as Eligible Liabilities instruments (as applicable); (v) have any impact on the status of the Notes as 
indicated in Condition 4 (Status of Senior Notes), Condition 5 (Status of Senior Non-Preferred Notes) 
or Condition 6 (Status of Subordinated Notes) (as the case may be) or (vi) prevent the applicability of 
the Bail-in Power. 
No segregation or exclusion from bail-in or similar measures 
Neither the proceeds of any Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds nor any amount equal 
to such proceeds will be segregated by the Issuer from its capital and other assets and payments of 
principal and interest (as the case may be) on the relevant Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability 
Bonds will not depend on the performance of the relevant project nor have any preferred right against 
such assets. 
Regardless of their "green", "social" or "sustainable" or other equivalent label, Green Bonds, Social 
Bonds or Sustainability Bonds will, as for any other Notes, be fully subject to the application of CRR 
eligibility criteria and BRRD requirements for Own Funds and Eligible Liabilities instruments (including 
the application of mandatory write-down or conversion to equity in the event a resolution procedure is 
initiated in respect of the Issuer and, with respect to Notes qualifying as Tier II Capital, even before the 
commencement of any such procedure if certain conditions are met), the Notes (or the proceeds

--- Page 35 ---
10286974115-v8 
33 
47-41075393 
 
thereof) will be available to absorb all losses (whether or not related to any "green", "social" or 
"sustainable" assets towards which proceeds of the relevant Notes may have been applied or, if 
relevant, reallocated) in accordance with their terms (if applicable) or the Applicable Banking 
Regulations and, as such, proceeds from Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds qualifying 
as Own Funds or Eligible Liabilities should cover all losses in the statement of financial position of the 
Issuer. The fact that such Notes are designated as Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds 
does not provide their holders with any priority compared to other Notes and such Notes will be subject 
to the same risks relating to their level of subordination. 
Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds, as any other Bonds, will be fully subject to the 
application of CRR eligibility criteria and BRRD requirements for Own Funds and Eligible Liabilities 
instruments and, as such, proceeds from Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds qualifying 
as Own Funds or Eligible Liabilities should cover all losses in the statement of financial position of the 
Issuer regardless of their "green", "social" or "sustainable" or such other equivalent label. 
Notes subject to optional redemption by the Issuer 
An optional redemption feature of Notes is likely to limit their market value. During any period when the 
Issuer may elect to redeem Notes, the market value of those Notes generally will not rise substantially 
above the price at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any redemption period. 
The Issuer may be expected to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate 
on the Notes. At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption 
proceeds in comparable securities offering a yield as high as the interest rate on the Notes being 
redeemed and may only be able to do so at a significantly lower rate. Potential investors should consider 
reinvestment risk in the light of other investments available at that time. 
Redemption for tax or regulatory reasons 
In the event that the Issuer would be obliged to increase the amounts payable in respect of any Notes 
due to any withholding or deduction for or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or 
assessed by or on behalf of Italy or any political subdivision thereof or any authority therein or thereof 
having power to tax, the Issuer may redeem all outstanding Notes in accordance with the Conditions. 
In addition, if in the case of a particular Series of Subordinated Notes, the relevant Final Terms so 
specify, the Issuer may, at its option, redeem those Notes for regulatory reasons, as described in further 
detail in "- Regulatory classification of the Subordinated Notes" below. In such circumstances an 
investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in comparable securities offering a yield 
as high as that of the relevant Notes. 
Certain benchmark rates, including EURIBOR, may be discontinued or reformed in the future 
The Euro Interbank Offered Rate ("EURIBOR") and other indices which are deemed to be 
"benchmarks" are the subject of recent national, international and other regulatory guidance and 
proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already effective while others are still to be 
implemented. These reforms may cause such benchmarks to perform differently than in the past, or to 
disappear entirely, or have other consequences which cannot be predicted. Any such consequence 
could have a material adverse effect on any Notes linked to such a "benchmark". 
Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 (the "Benchmarks Regulation") applies, subject to certain transitional 
provisions, to the provision of benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use 
of a benchmark, within the EU. The Benchmarks Regulation could have a material impact on any Notes 
linked to EURIBOR or another benchmark rate or index, in particular, if the methodology or other terms 
of the benchmark are changed in order to comply with the terms of the Benchmarks Regulation and 
such changes could (amongst other things) have the effect of reducing or increasing the rate or level,

--- Page 36 ---
10286974115-v8 
34 
47-41075393 
 
or affecting the volatility of the published rate or level, of the benchmark. More broadly, any of the 
international, national or other proposals for reform, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny of 
benchmarks, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting 
of a benchmark and complying with any such regulations or requirements. Such factors may have the 
effect of discouraging market participants from continuing to administer or contribute to certain 
"benchmarks," trigger changes in the rules or methodologies used in certain "benchmarks" or lead to 
the discontinuance or unavailability of quotes of certain "benchmarks". 
Following the discontinuation of LIBOR, there are significant doubts about the continuing use in financial 
markets transaction of other forward-looking interbank offered rates, such as EURIBOR. Following 
concerns expressed by its administrator, EMMI, as to whether it could guarantee compliance with the 
Benchmarks Regulation, a methodological reform was carried out in 2019 and, as a result, EMMI has 
since been authorised as a benchmark administrator and included on the register of administrators and 
benchmarks established and maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 of the Benchmarks Regulation. 
However, the long-term sustainability of EURIBOR depends on factors such as the continued 
willingness of its panel of contributing banks to support it, and whether or not there is sufficient activity 
in its underlying market. The absence of these factors may cause EURIBOR to perform differently 
compared to the past and may have other consequences which cannot be predicted. 
It is not possible to predict with certainty whether, and to what extent, EURIBOR will continue to be 
supported going forwards. This may cause EURIBOR to perform differently than it has done in the past 
and may have other consequences which cannot be predicted. Such factors may have (without 
limitation) the following effects on certain benchmarks: (i) discouraging market participants from 
continuing to administer or contribute to a benchmark; (ii) triggering changes in the rules or 
methodologies used in the benchmark and/or (iii) leading to the disappearance of the benchmark. Any 
of the above changes or any other consequential changes as a result of international or national reforms 
or other initiatives or investigations, could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on 
any Notes linked to, referencing, or otherwise dependent (in whole or in part) upon, a benchmark. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes provide that, if the Issuer determines that a Benchmark Event 
(as defined in the Conditions) has occurred, the Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint an 
Independent Adviser for the purposes of determining a Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate (as 
further described in Condition 9(j) (Benchmark replacement) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes) 
and, if applicable, an Adjustment Spread. See Condition 2 (Interpretation) of the Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes for the full definition of a Benchmark Event. If the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent 
Adviser or if the Independent Adviser is not able to determine a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate, 
the Issuer (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) may itself determine a 
Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate (and an Adjustment Spread, if applicable), provided that if the 
Issuer is unable or unwilling to determine the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate, the further fallbacks 
described in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes shall apply.  
In certain circumstances, the ultimate fallback for the purposes of calculation of interest for a particular 
Interest Period may result in the rate of interest of the last preceding Interest Period being used. Such 
circumstances include (but are not limited to) where the Issuer is unable or unwilling to determine an 
Alternative Rate and Alternative Relevant Screen Page, where (if so specified in the relevant Final 
Terms) amendments to the terms of the Notes in accordance with Condition 9(j) (Benchmark 
replacement) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes would cause the occurrence of a Regulatory 
Event or a MREL Disqualification Event (as applicable) or (in the case of Senior Notes or Senior Non-
Preferred Notes only) would result in the Regulatory Authority treating an Interest Payment Date as the 
effective maturity date of the Notes, rather than the relevant Maturity Date. The resulting fallback may 
result in effective application of a fixed rate of interest for Notes initially designated to be Floating Rate 
Notes.

--- Page 37 ---
10286974115-v8 
35 
47-41075393 
 
In addition, due to the uncertainty concerning the availability of Successor Rates and Alternative 
Reference Rates and the involvement of an Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable), the 
relevant fallback provisions may not operate as intended at the relevant time. For example, the use of 
a Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate may result in interest payments that are substantially lower 
than or that do not otherwise correlate over time with the payments that could have been made on the 
Notes if the relevant benchmark remained available in its current form. In addition, while any Adjustment 
Spread may be expected to be designed to eliminate or minimise any potential transfer of value between 
counterparties, the application of the Adjustment Spread to the Notes may not do so and may result in 
the Notes performing differently (which may include payment of a lower interest rate) than they would 
do if the Original Reference Rate were to continue to apply in its current form. 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the 
potential risks imposed by the Benchmarks Regulation or any of the international or national reforms 
and the possible application of the benchmark replacement provisions of the Notes, investigations and 
licensing issues in making any investment decision with respect to the Notes linked to or referencing 
such a "benchmark". 
Fixed Rate Notes 
A holder of Fixed Rate Notes is exposed to the risk that the price of those Notes falls as a result of 
changes in the current interest rate on the capital markets (the "Market Interest Rate"). While the 
nominal interest rate of Fixed Rate Notes is fixed during the life of such Notes or during a certain period 
of time, the Market Interest Rate typically changes on a daily basis. As the Market Interest Rate 
changes, the price of such Notes moves in the opposite direction. If the Market Interest Rate increases, 
the price of such Notes typically falls, until the yield of such Notes is approximately equal to the Market 
Interest Rate. Conversely, if the Market Interest Rate falls, the price of Fixed Rate Notes typically 
increases, until its yield is approximately equal to the Market Interest Rate. Investors should be aware 
that movements of the Market Interest Rate could adversely affect the market price of the Notes. 
Floating Rate Notes 
Notes with variable interest are subject to fluctuations in interest rate levels and can be volatile 
investments. In particular, there is no assurance that the amount of interest payable on such Notes will 
remain at any particular level (unless it is subject to a floor). Furthermore, if they are structured to include 
caps or floors, or a combination of both or other similar related features, their market values may be 
even more volatile than those for securities that do not include those features. 
See also "Certain benchmark rates, including EURIBOR, may be discontinued or reformed in the future" 
above. 
CMS linked interest Notes 
The Issuer may issue Notes with interest determined by reference to a constant maturity swap rate 
(defined as the "CMS Rate" in "Terms and Conditions of the Notes"). Potential investors should be 
aware that: 
(i) 
the market price of such Notes may be volatile; 
(ii) 
they may receive no interest; 
(iii) 
the CMS Rate may be subject to significant fluctuations that may not correlate with changes in 
interest rates, currencies or other indices; 
(iv) 
if they are structured to include caps or floors, or a combination of both or other similar related 
features, the effect of changes in the CMS Rate on interest payable is likely to be magnified; 
and

--- Page 38 ---
10286974115-v8 
36 
47-41075393 
 
(v) 
the timing of changes in the CMS Rate may affect the actual yield to investors, even if the 
average level is consistent with their expectations. 
Fixed to Floating Rate Notes or Floating to Fixed Rate Notes 
Fixed to Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate which, either at the Issuer's election or 
otherwise, is converted from a fixed rate to a floating rate or, in the case of Floating to Fixed Rate Notes, 
from a floating rate to a fixed rate. The switching of the interest rate is likely to affect the market value 
of those Notes, since it may result in a lower rate, especially where switching occurs at the Issuer's 
option. If switching from a fixed rate to a floating rate occurs, the spread on the Fixed to Floating Rate 
Notes may be less favourable than then prevailing spreads on comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to 
the same reference rate. In addition, the new floating rate at any time may be lower than the rates on 
other Notes. If switching from a floating rate to a fixed rate occurs, the fixed rate may be lower than then 
prevailing rates of the Issuer's other Fixed Rate Notes. 
Fixed Rate Notes with resetting provisions 
Fixed Rate Notes may contain provisions for the resetting of their interest rate. Such Notes will initially 
bear interest at a particular rate of interest until (but excluding) a Reset Date. On that date and each 
subsequent Reset Date (if any), the interest rate will be reset to the sum of the applicable Mid-Swap 
Rate and the relevant Margin as determined by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Reset 
Determination Date. The applicable rate of interest following any such resetting of interest could be less 
than the previous rate of interest and could affect the market value of an investment in those Notes. 
Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount or premium from their principal amount 
tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for conventional 
interest-bearing securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of the securities, the greater the 
price volatility as compared to conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable maturities. 
Risk Relating to Senior Notes 
Senior Notes could be subject to redemption following a MREL Disqualification Event 
The Senior Notes are intended to be Eligible Liabilities available to meet the MREL Requirements. If 
Senior Note are not eligible for the purposes of the MREL Requirements (or if they initially are compliant 
with the MREL Requirements and subsequently become ineligible due to a change in the relevant final 
regulations relating to MREL Requirements), then a MREL Disqualification Event will occur. 
If so specified in the Final Terms, if at any time a MREL Disqualification Event occurs and is continuing 
in relation to any Series of Senior Notes, the Issuer may redeem all, but not some only, if the Notes of 
such Series at the price set out in the applicable Final Terms, together with accrued interest. Senior 
Notes may only be redeemed by the Issuer subject to compliance by the Issuer with any conditions or 
restrictions to such redemption or repurchase prescribed by the applicable laws and regulations at the 
relevant time. See "Early redemption and purchase of the Senior Notes may be restricted", below. 
A MREL Disqualification Event occurs if, by reason of the introduction of, or a change in, the MREL 
Requirements, which was not reasonably foreseeable by the Issuer at the Issue Date of the Senior 
Notes, all or part of the aggregate outstanding principal amount of such Series of Senior Notes is or will 
be excluded fully or partially from the liabilities that are eligible to meet the MREL Requirements. 
If any Senior Notes are to be so redeemed, there can be no assurance that Noteholders will be able to 
reinvest the amounts received in comparable securities offering a rate of return as high as those Senior 
Notes. In addition, if any such Senior Notes are not redeemed, the occurrence of a MREL 
Disqualification Event could result in a decrease in their market price.

--- Page 39 ---
10286974115-v8 
37 
47-41075393 
 
Early redemption and purchase of the Senior Notes may be restricted 
Any early redemption or purchase of Senior Notes is subject to compliance by the Issuer with any 
conditions or restrictions to such redemption or repurchase prescribed by the applicable laws and 
regulations at the relevant time, including any requirements applicable to such redemption or 
repurchase due to the qualification of such Senior Notes at such time as liabilities eligible to meet the 
MREL Requirements. 
In addition, pursuant to the EU Banking Reform, as further implemented by the Commission Delegated 
Regulation No. (EU) 241/2014, as amended (the "Delegated Regulation"), the early redemption or 
purchase of Senior Notes is subject to the prior approval of the Regulatory Authority. 
The EU Banking Reform states that the Regulatory Authority will approve an early redemption or 
purchase of Senior Notes subject to and in accordance with Article 78a of the CRR if any of the following 
conditions is met: 
(i) 
on or before such call, redemption, repayment or repurchase (as applicable), the Issuer 
replaces the Senior Notes with Own Funds Instruments or Eligible Liabilities Instruments of 
equal or higher quality at terms that are sustainable for its income capacity; or 
(ii) 
the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Regulatory Authority that its Own Funds 
and Eligible Liabilities would, following such call, redemption, repayment or repurchase, exceed 
the requirements for Own Funds and Eligible Liabilities laid down in the Applicable Banking 
Regulations by a margin that the Regulatory Authority considers necessary; or 
(iii) 
the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Regulatory Authority that the partial or 
full replacement of the Eligible Liabilities with Own Funds Instruments is necessary to ensure 
compliance with the Own Funds requirements laid down in the Applicable Banking Regulations 
for continuing authorisation, 
subject in any event to any different conditions or requirements as may be provided from time to time 
under the Applicable Banking Regulations. 
Any refusal of the Regulatory Authority to grant its permission in accordance with Article 78a of the CRR 
will not constitute a default by the Issuer for any purposes. 
Senior Notes may be subject to modification without Noteholder consent 
If (i) at any time a MREL Disqualification Event occurs or, if Variation for an Alignment Event is indicated 
as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, an Alignment Event occurs and is continuing in relation to 
any Senior Notes and/or (ii) in order to ensure the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 23 
(Contractual Recognition of Bail-in Power) with respect to Senior Notes, then the Issuer may, subject 
to giving any notice required to be given to, and receiving consent from the Regulatory Authority (without 
any requirement for the consent or approval of the holders of the Senior Notes of that Series), at any 
time vary the terms of such Senior Notes, so that they remain or, as appropriate, become, Qualifying 
Senior Notes (as defined below), provided that such variation does not itself give rise to any right of the 
Issuer to redeem the varied securities. 
Qualifying Senior Notes are securities issued by the Issuer that have terms not materially less 
favourable to the Noteholders, as reasonably determined by the Issuer, than the terms of the relevant 
Senior Notes. However, no assurance can be given as to whether any of these changes will negatively 
affect any particular Noteholder. Moreover, in respect of the effectiveness and enforceability of 
Condition 23 (Contractual Recognition of Bail-in Power) with respect to Senior Notes, the Qualifying 
Senior Notes may have terms materially less favourable to a holder of the Senior Notes. There may

--- Page 40 ---
10286974115-v8 
38 
47-41075393 
 
also be material tax consequences for holders of Senior Notes as a result of such modification, and 
holders should consult their own tax advisors regarding such potential consequences. 
Risks Relating to Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
Italian law applicable to the Senior Non-Preferred Notes was recently enacted 
The possibility for banks and companies belonging to banking groups to issue senior non-preferred 
securities (so-called "strumenti di debito chirografario di secondo livello"), such as the Senior Non-
Preferred Notes, was provided for under the 2018 Budget Law. Any prospective investor in Senior Non-
Preferred Notes should therefore be aware that the legislation that created this category of financial 
instrument was enacted relatively recently and that, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, no 
interpretation of the application of such provisions has been issued by any Italian court or governmental 
or regulatory authority and no regulation has been issued by the Bank of Italy in respect thereof. 
Consequently, it is possible that any regulation or official interpretation relating to the above will be 
issued in the future by the Bank of Italy or any different authority, the impact of which cannot be 
predicted by the Issuer as at the date of this Base Prospectus. 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes are senior non-preferred obligations and are junior to certain obligations 
In order to be eligible to meet the requirements and conditions of Articles 12-bis and 91, section 1-bis, 
letter c-bis of the Consolidated Banking Law and any relevant implementing regulation which may be 
enacted for such purposes by any Regulatory Authority and also qualify as Eligible Liabilities available 
to meet the MREL Requirements (as defined in the Conditions), Senior Non-Preferred Notes will rank 
junior to Senior Notes and any other unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer which 
rank, or are expressed to rank by their terms, senior to the Senior Non-Preferred Notes. As a result, the 
default risk on the Senior Non-Preferred Notes will be higher than the risk associated with preferred 
senior debt (such as Senior Notes) and other senior liabilities (such as wholesale deposits). 
Although Senior Non-Preferred Notes may pay a higher rate of interest than comparable Senior Notes 
which are not issued on a senior non-preferred basis, there is a greater risk that an investor in Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes will lose all or some of its investment should the Issuer become insolvent. 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes are new types of instruments 
Market participants, including credit rating agencies, are in the early stages of evaluating the risks 
associated with senior non-preferred obligations. The credit ratings assigned to Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes may change as the rating agencies refine their approaches, and the value of such securities may 
be particularly volatile as the market becomes more familiar with them. It is possible that, over time, the 
credit ratings and value of senior non-preferred securities such as the Senior Non-Preferred Notes will 
be lower than those expected by investors at the time of their issuance, since they reflect the increased 
risk of loss in the event of the Issuer's insolvency. If so, investors may incur losses in respect of their 
investments in the Senior Non-Preferred Notes. 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes may not be suitable for certain investors 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes are relatively novel and complex financial instruments and may not be a 
suitable investment for certain investors. Each potential investor in the Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
should determine the suitability of such investment in light of its own circumstances and have sufficient 
financial resources and liquidity to bear the risks of an investment in the Senior Non-Preferred Notes, 
including the possibility that the entire principal amount of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes could be lost. 
A potential investor should not invest in Senior Non-Preferred Notes unless it has the knowledge and 
expertise (either alone or with a financial advisor) to evaluate how they will perform under changing 
conditions, the resulting effects on their market value and their impact on the potential investor's overall 
investment portfolio.

--- Page 41 ---
10286974115-v8 
39 
47-41075393 
 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes could be subject to a MREL Disqualification Event redemption 
The intention of the Issuer is for Senior Non-Preferred Notes to qualify on issue as "strumenti di debito 
chirografario di secondo livello" as defined under, and for the purposes of, Articles 12-bis and 91, 
section 1-bis, letter c-bis of the Consolidated Banking Law and any relevant implementing regulation 
which may be enacted for such purposes by any Regulatory Authority and also qualify as eligible 
liabilities available to meet the MREL Requirements (as defined in the Conditions). Current regulatory 
practice by the Bank of Italy (acting as lead regulator) does not require (or customarily provide for) any 
confirmation from the regulator prior to the issuance of any Series of Senior Non-Preferred Notes that 
they comply with such provisions. Although it is the Issuer's expectation that Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes will qualify for the above purposes, there can be no representation that this is or will remain the 
case during the life of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes. 
If so specified in the Final Terms, if at any time a MREL Disqualification Event occurs and is continuing 
in relation to any Series of Senior Non-Preferred Notes, the Issuer may redeem all, but not part, of the 
Notes of such Series at the price set out in the applicable Final Terms, together with accrued interest. 
However, Senior Non-Preferred Notes may only be redeemed by the Issuer subject to the conditions or 
restrictions applicable to such redemption or repurchase prescribed by the applicable laws and 
regulations at the relevant time. See "Early redemption and purchase of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
may be restricted", below. 
A MREL Disqualification Event occurs if, by reason of the introduction of, or a change in, the MREL 
Requirements, which was not reasonably foreseeable by the Issuer at the Issue Date of the Senior Non-
Preferred Notes, all or part of the aggregate outstanding principal amount of such Series of Senior Non-
Preferred Notes is or will be fully or partially excluded from the liabilities that are eligible to meet the 
MREL Requirements. 
If any Senior Non-Preferred Notes are to be so redeemed, there can be no assurance that Noteholders 
will be able to reinvest the amounts received comparable securities offering a rate of return as high as 
those Senior Non-Preferred Notes. In addition, if any such Senior Non-Preferred Notes are not 
redeemed, the occurrence of a MREL Disqualification Event could result in a decrease in their market 
price. 
Early redemption and purchase of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes may be restricted 
Any early redemption or purchase of Senior Non-Preferred Notes is subject to compliance by the Issuer 
with any conditions or restrictions to such redemption or repurchase prescribed by the Applicable 
Banking Regulations as in force at the relevant time, including any requirements applicable to such 
redemption or repurchase due to the qualification of such Senior Non-Preferred Notes at such time as 
liabilities eligible to meet the MREL Requirements. 
In addition, pursuant to the EU Banking Reform, as further implemented by the Delegated Regulation, 
the early redemption or purchase of Senior Non-Preferred Notes is subject to the prior approval of the 
Regulatory Authority. 
The EU Banking Reform states that the Regulatory Authority will approve early redemption of Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes, subject to and in accordance with Article 78a of the CRR if any of the following 
conditions is met: 
(i) 
on or before such call, redemption, repayment or repurchase (as applicable), the Issuer 
replaces the Senior Non-Preferred Notes with Own Funds Instruments or Eligible Liabilities 
Instruments of equal or higher quality at terms that are sustainable for its income capacity; or 
(ii) 
the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Regulatory Authority that its Own Funds 
and Eligible Liabilities would, following such call, redemption, repayment or repurchase, exceed

--- Page 42 ---
10286974115-v8 
40 
47-41075393 
 
the requirements for Own Funds and Eligible Liabilities laid down in the Applicable Banking 
Regulations by a margin that the Regulatory Authority considers necessary; or 
(iii) 
the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Regulatory Authority that the partial or 
full replacement of the Eligible Liabilities with Own Funds Instruments is necessary to ensure 
compliance with the Own Funds requirements laid down in the Applicable Banking Regulations 
for continuing authorisation, 
subject in any event to any different conditions or requirements as may be provided from time to time 
under the Applicable Banking Regulations. 
For the avoidance of doubt, any refusal of the Regulatory Authority to grant its permission in accordance 
with Article 78a of the CRR will not constitute a default by the Issuer for any purposes. 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes may be subject to modification without Noteholder consent 
If (i) at any time a MREL Disqualification Event occurs or, if Variation for an Alignment Event is indicated 
as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, an Alignment Event occurs and is continuing in relation to 
any Series of Senior Non-Preferred Notes, and/or (ii) in order to ensure the effectiveness and 
enforceability of Condition 23 (Contractual Recognition of Bail-in Powers), then the Issuer may, subject 
to giving any notice required to be given to, and receiving any consent required from, the Regulatory 
Authority (without any requirement for the consent or approval of the holders of the Senior Non-
Preferred Notes of that Series), modify the terms of all (but not only some) of such Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes so that they remain or, as appropriate, become Qualifying Senior Non-Preferred Notes, provided 
that such variation does not of itself give rise to any right of the Issuer to redeem the varied securities. 
Qualifying Senior Non-Preferred Notes, as applicable, are securities issued by the Issuer that have 
terms not materially less favourable to the Noteholders (as reasonably determined by the Issuer) than 
the terms of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes. However, in respect of the effectiveness and enforceability 
of Condition 23 (Contractual Recognition of Bail-in Powers) the Qualifying Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
may have terms materially less favourable to a holder of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes. No assurance 
can be given as to whether any of these changes will negatively affect any particular Noteholder. In 
addition, the tax and stamp duty consequences of holding such varied notes could be different for some 
categories of Noteholders from those arising prior to such variation. 
Risk Related to Subordinated Notes 
Ranking of Subordinated Notes 
If the Issuer is declared insolvent and a winding-up is initiated or it becomes subject to Liquidazione 
Coatta Amministrativa, as defined in the Consolidated Banking Act, it will be required to pay the holders 
of senior debt (including the holders of the Senior Notes and the Senior Non-Preferred Notes) and meet 
its obligations to all its other creditors (including unsecured creditors) in full before it can make any 
payments on the Subordinated Notes. Under those circumstances, there could be an impact on the 
timing of payment of the amounts due under the relevant Subordinated Notes or the Issuer may not 
have enough assets remaining after these payments to pay amounts due under the Subordinated 
Notes. Furthermore, repayment of principal on the Subordinated Notes, whether at the Maturity Date or 
otherwise, is subject to the approval of the Regulatory Authority in accordance with the Applicable 
Banking Regulations. 
The Issuer's obligations under Subordinated Notes will be unsecured and subordinated and will rank 
junior in priority to the claims of unsubordinated, unsecured creditors (including depositors) of the Issuer 
and any other subordinated obligations which rank or are expressed to rank senior to the Subordinated 
Notes. As a result, although Subordinated Notes may pay a higher rate of interest than comparable 
notes which are not subordinated, there is a real risk that an investor in Subordinated Notes will lose all

--- Page 43 ---
10286974115-v8 
41 
47-41075393 
 
or some of its investment should the Issuer become insolvent. In addition, the market price of 
Subordinated Notes may be more volatile than the market prices of unsubordinated debt securities and 
may be more sensitive generally to adverse changes in the financial condition of the Issuer. For a full 
description of the provisions relating to Subordinated Notes, see Condition 6 (Status of Subordinated 
Notes). 
Furthermore, the BRRD provides for a Member State as a last resort, after having assessed and applied 
the resolution tools (including the general bail-in tool) to the maximum extent practicable whilst 
maintaining financial stability, to be able to provide extraordinary public financial support through 
additional financial stabilisation tools. These consist of the public equity support and temporary public 
ownership tools. Any such extraordinary financial support must be provided in accordance with the 
burden sharing requirements of the EU state aid framework and the BRRD. As an exemption from these 
principles, the BRRD allows for three kinds of extraordinary public support to be provided to a solvent 
institution without triggering resolution: 1) a State guarantee to back liquidity facilities provided by central 
banks according to the central banks' conditions; 2) a State guarantee of newly issued liabilities; or 3) 
an injection of Own Funds in the form of precautionary recapitalisation. In the case of precautionary 
recapitalisation EU state aid rules require that shareholders and junior bond holders (such as holders 
of the Subordinated Notes) contribute to the costs of restructuring. 
As a result, Subordinated Notes may be subject to a partial or full write-down or conversion to Common 
Equity Tier 1 instruments of the Issuer or another institution. Accordingly, trading behaviour may also 
be affected by the threat that non-viability loss absorption (or the general bail-in tool) may be applied to 
Subordinated Notes or the burden sharing requirements of the EU state aid framework and the BRRD 
may be applied and, as a result, Subordinated Notes are not necessarily expected to follow the trading 
behaviour associated with other types of securities. Noteholders should consider the risk that they may 
lose all of their investment, including the principal amount plus any accrued interest if the non-viability 
loss absorption (or the general bail-in tool) is applied to the Subordinated Notes or the burden sharing 
requirements of the EU state aid framework and the BRRD are applied or that such Subordinated Notes 
may be converted into ordinary shares, which may be of little value at the time of conversion. 
Italian Legislative Decree No. 193 of 8 November 2021 implementing Directive 879/2019/EU ("BRRD 
II") in Italy and published on 30 November 2021 in the Gazzetta Ufficiale has transposed in the Italian 
legislation Article 48(7) of BRRD II under Article 91, paragraph 1-bis), letter c-ter) of the Consolidated 
Banking Law. Such provisions state that (i) if an instrument is only partly recognised as an own funds 
item, the whole instrument shall be treated in insolvency as a claim resulting from an own funds item 
and shall rank lower than any claim that does not result from an own funds item and (ii) if an instrument 
is fully disqualified as own funds item, it would cease to be treated as a claim resulting from an own 
funds item in insolvency and, consequently, would improve their ranking with respect to any claim that 
results from an own funds item (such as the Subordinated Notes). In light of this new provision, if a 
Series of Subordinated Notes were disqualified in full as own funds items in the future: (a) their ranking 
would improve vis-à-vis any other Subordinated Notes; and (b) more generally, in the event of a 
liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer, the Issuer would, inter alia, be required to pay in full the holders 
of Notes of that Series and any other subordinated creditors of the Issuer whose claims arise from 
liabilities that are no longer fully recognised as an Own Funds Instrument, before it can make any 
payments on any other Subordinated Notes which are still recognised (at least in part) as Own Funds 
Instruments. 
Regulatory classification of the Subordinated Notes 
If any Subordinated Notes are issued under the Programme, the Issuer's intention is that they should 
qualify on issue as Tier II Capital, for so long as this is permitted under Bank of Italy regulations. Current 
regulatory practice by the Bank of Italy does not require (or customarily provide for) a confirmation prior

--- Page 44 ---
10286974115-v8 
42 
47-41075393 
 
to the issuance of Subordinated Notes that the Notes will be treated as such and there can be no 
assurance that any such Subordinated Notes will continue to qualify as Tier II Capital during the life of 
the Notes. If there is a change in the regulatory classification of the Subordinated Notes that would be 
likely to result in their exclusion from Tier II Capital of the Issuer, either in whole or, to the extent 
permitted by the Applicable Banking Regulations, in part, the Issuer will (if so specified in the applicable 
Final Terms) have the right to redeem the Notes in accordance with Condition 11(c) (Redemption for 
regulatory reasons), subject to the prior approval of the Regulatory Authority. See also "- Redemption 
for tax or regulatory reasons" above. 
If any Subordinated Notes are to be so redeemed, there can be no assurance that Noteholders will be 
able to reinvest the amounts received comparable securities offering a rate of return as high as those 
Subordinated Notes. In addition, if any such Subordinated Notes are not redeemed, the occurrence of 
a change in their regulatory classification could result in a decrease in their market price. See also "- 
Notes subject to optional redemption by the Issuer" above. 
Subordinated Notes may be subject to loss absorption on any application of the general bail-in-tool or 
at the point of non-viability of the Issuer 
Investors should be aware that, in addition to the general bail-in tool, the BRRD contemplates that 
Subordinated Notes may be subject to a write-down or conversion into common shares at the point of 
non-viability. The BRRD is intended to enable a range of actions to be taken in relation to credit 
institutions and investment firms considered to be at risk of failing. The implementation of the BRRD or 
the taking of any action under it could materially affect the value of any Subordinated Notes. 
Additionally, there may be material tax consequences for holders of Subordinated Notes as a result of 
such write-down or conversion, and holders should consult their own tax advisors regarding such 
potential consequences. 
Early redemption and repurchase of the Subordinated Notes may be restricted 
The rules under the CRR prescribe certain conditions for the granting of permission by the Regulatory 
Authority to a request by the Issuer to redeem or repurchase the Subordinated Notes. In this respect, 
the CRR provides that the Regulatory Authority will grant permission to a redemption or repurchase of 
Subordinated Notes subject to and in accordance with Article 78 of the CRR provided that either of the 
following conditions is met, as applicable to the Notes: 
(i) 
on or before such call, redemption, repayment or repurchase (as applicable), the Issuer 
replaces the Notes with Own Funds Instruments of equal or higher quality at terms that are 
sustainable for its income capacity; or 
(ii) 
the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Regulatory Authority that its Own Funds 
would, following such call, redemption, repayment or repurchase, exceed the capital 
requirements laid down in the Applicable Banking Regulations by a margin that the Regulatory 
Authority considers necessary. 
In addition, the rules under the CRR provide that the Regulatory Authority may only permit the Issuer 
to redeem the Subordinated Notes before five years after the Issue Date of the Notes if and to the extent 
required under Article 78(4) of the CRR or the related implementing regulations as amended from time 
to time, policies and guidelines: 
(i) 
the conditions listed in paragraphs (i) or (ii) above are met; and 
(ii) 
in the case of redemption pursuant to Condition 11(b) (Redemption for tax reasons) of the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes, the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the 
Regulatory Authority that the change in the applicable tax treatment of the Notes is material 
and was not reasonably foreseeable as of the Issue Date; or

--- Page 45 ---
10286974115-v8 
43 
47-41075393 
 
(iii) 
in case of redemption pursuant to Condition 11(g) (Regulatory conditions for call, redemption, 
repayment, repurchase or modification of Subordinated Notes), the Regulatory Authority 
considers that the change in the regulatory classification of the Notes is sufficiently certain and 
the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Regulatory Authority that the change in 
the regulatory classification of the Notes was not reasonably foreseeable as of the Issue Date; 
or 
(iv) 
on or before the relevant call, redemption, repayment or repurchase, the Issuer replaces the 
Notes with Own Funds Instruments of equal or higher quality at terms that are sustainable for 
its income capacity and the Regulatory Authority has permitted that action on the basis of the 
determination that it would be beneficial from a prudential point of view and justified by 
exceptional circumstances; or 
(v) 
the Subordinated Notes are repurchased for market making purposes, 
subject in any event to any different conditions or requirements as may be provided from time to time 
under the Applicable Banking Regulations. 
Subordinated Notes may be subject to modification without Noteholder consent 
If Variation for an Alignment Event is indicated as applicable in the relevant Final Terms and an 
Alignment Event occurs or in order to ensure the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 23 
(Contractual Recognition of Bail-in Powers), the Issuer may, subject to giving any notice required to, 
and receiving any consent required from, the Regulatory Authority (but without any requirement for the 
consent or approval of the holders of the Subordinated Notes of that Series) modify the terms of all (but 
not only some) of such Subordinated Notes so that they become or remain Qualifying Subordinated 
Notes, provided that such variation does not itself give rise to any right of the Issuer to redeem the 
varied securities. The Regulatory Authority has discretion as to whether to approve or not any variation 
of the Subordinated Notes. Any such variation which is considered by the Regulatory Authority to be 
material shall be treated by it as the issuance of a new instrument. Hence, the Subordinated Notes so 
modified must be eligible as Tier II Capital in accordance with the prevailing Applicable Banking 
Regulations which may include a requirement (save in certain prescribed circumstances) that the 
Subordinated Notes may not be redeemed or repurchased prior to five years after the effective date of 
such variation. 
Qualifying Subordinated Notes are securities issued by the Issuer that, other than in respect of the 
effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 23 (Contractual Recognition of Bail-in Powers), have terms 
not materially less favourable to the Noteholders (as reasonably determined by the Issuer) than the 
terms of the Subordinated Notes. However, no assurance can be given as to whether any of these 
changes will negatively affect any particular Noteholder. In addition, the tax and stamp duty 
consequences of holding such varied notes could be different for some categories of Noteholders from 
those arising prior to such variation. 
Risks related to the market  
The secondary market  
Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. If a market 
does develop, it may not be very liquid. Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Notes easily 
or at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed 
secondary market. This is particularly the case for Notes that are especially sensitive to interest rate, 
currency or market risks, are designed for specific investment objectives or strategies or have been 
structured to meet the investment requirements of limited categories of investors. These types of Notes

--- Page 46 ---
10286974115-v8 
44 
47-41075393 
 
generally would have a more limited secondary market and more price volatility than conventional debt 
securities.  
In addition: 
(i) 
Notes issued under the Programme might not be listed on a stock exchange or other trading 
venue and, in these circumstances, pricing information may be more difficult to obtain and the 
liquidity and market prices of such Notes may be adversely affected;  
(ii) 
the possibility to sell the Notes might additionally be restricted by country specific reasons; and  
(iii) 
liquidity may be limited if the Issuer makes large allocations to a limited number of investors. 
All of the above matters could give rise to illiquidity, which may have a severely adverse effect on the 
market value of Notes, and an investor might not be able to sell his Notes at any time at fair market 
prices. 
Exchange rate risks and exchange controls 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency. This presents certain 
risks relating to currency conversions if an investor's financial activities are denominated principally in 
a currency or currency unit (the "Investor's Currency") other than the Specified Currency. These 
include the risk that exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of 
the Specified Currency or revaluation of the Investor's Currency) and the risk that authorities with 
jurisdiction over the Investor's Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. An appreciation in 
the value of the Investor's Currency relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (1) the Investor's 
Currency-equivalent yield on the Notes, (2) the Investor's Currency-equivalent value of the principal 
payable on the Notes and (3) the Investor's Currency-equivalent market value of the Notes. Government 
and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that could 
adversely affect an applicable exchange rate. As a result, investors may receive less interest or principal 
than expected, or no interest or principal. 
Credit ratings may not reflect all risks 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Notes. Where an issue 
of Notes is rated, investors should be aware that:  
• 
such rating will reflect only the views of the rating agency and may not reflect the potential impact 
of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors discussed above and other factors that 
may affect the value of the Notes;  
• 
Notes may be rated or unrated and, where an issue of Notes is rated, its rating will not necessarily 
be the same as the rating applicable to the Issuer;  
• 
a rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to review, 
revision, suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency; and 
• 
notwithstanding the above, an adverse change in a credit rating could adversely affect the trading 
price for the Notes. 
Furthermore, in general, European regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory 
purposes if such rating is not issued by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered 
under the CRA Regulation. Such general restriction will also apply in the case of credit ratings issued 
by non-EU credit rating agencies, unless the relevant credit ratings are endorsed by an EU-registered 
credit rating agency or the relevant non-EU rating agency is certified in accordance with the CRA 
Regulation.

--- Page 47 ---
10286974115-v8 
45 
47-41075393 
 
Transfers of Notes may be restricted 
The ability to transfer Notes may be restricted by securities laws or regulations of certain countries or 
regulatory bodies. The Notes have not been, and will not be, registered under the Securities Act or any 
state securities laws in the U.S. or the securities laws of any other jurisdiction. Noteholders may not 
offer the Notes in the United States to or for the account or benefit of a U.S. person except pursuant to 
an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act 
and applicable state securities laws. It is the obligation of each Noteholder to ensure that offers and 
sales of Notes comply with all applicable securities laws. In addition, transfers to certain persons in 
certain other jurisdictions may be limited by law, or may result in the imposition of penalties or liability. 
For a description of restrictions which may be applicable to transfers of the Notes, see "Subscription 
and Sale". Any restrictions on transfers could affect the liquidity and, consequently, the market value of 
the Notes.

--- Page 48 ---
10286974115-v8 
46 
47-41075393 
 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO NON-EXEMPT OFFERS OF  
SENIOR NOTES 
Restrictions on Non-exempt Offers of Notes in the relevant Member States 
Certain Tranches of Senior Notes with a denomination of less than €100,000 (or its equivalent in any 
other currency) may be offered in circumstances where there is no exemption from the obligation under 
the Prospectus Regulation to publish a prospectus. Any such offer is referred to as a "Non-exempt 
Offer". This Base Prospectus has been prepared on a basis that permits Non-exempt Offers of Senior 
Notes in the following Member States (each such Member State, a "Non-exempt Offer Jurisdiction" 
and, together, the "Non-exempt Offer Jurisdictions"): 
(i) 
Luxembourg; and  
(ii) 
Italy, where the Issuer has requested that the CSSF notify Consob, as competent authority in 
Italy, with a certificate of approval in relation to this Base Prospectus pursuant to Article 25 of the 
Prospectus Regulation.  
Any person making or intending to make a Non-exempt Offer of Senior Notes on the basis of this Base 
Prospectus must do so only with the Issuer's consent to the use of this Base Prospectus as provided 
under "Consent given in accordance with Article 5(1) of the Prospectus Regulation (Retail Cascades)" 
and provided that such person complies with the conditions specified in or attached to that consent. 
Save as provided above, none of the Issuer and any Dealer have authorised, nor do they authorise, the 
making of any Non-exempt Offer of Senior Notes in circumstances in which an obligation arises for the 
Issuer or any Dealer to publish or supplement a prospectus for such offer. 
Consent given in accordance with Article 5(1) of the Prospectus Regulation (Retail Cascades) 
In the context of a Non-exempt Offer of Senior Notes, the Issuer accepts responsibility in each of the 
Non-exempt Offer Jurisdictions for the content of this Base Prospectus under Article 6 of the Prospectus 
Regulation in relation to any person (an "Investor") who acquires any Senior Notes in a Non-exempt 
Offer made by a Dealer or an Authorised Offeror (as defined below), where that offer is made during 
the Offer Period specified in the applicable Final Terms and provided that the conditions attached to the 
giving of consent for the use of this Base Prospectus are complied with. The consent and conditions 
attached to it are set out under "Consent" and "Common Conditions to Consent" below. 
Neither the Issuer nor any Dealer makes any representation as to the compliance by an Authorised 
Offeror with any applicable conduct of business rules or other applicable regulatory or securities law 
requirements in relation to any Non-exempt Offer and neither the Issuer nor any Dealer has any 
responsibility or liability for the actions of that Authorised Offeror. 
Save as provided below, the Issuer has not authorised the making of any Non-exempt Offer by any 
offeror and the Issuer has not consented to the use of this Base Prospectus by any other person in 
connection with any Non-exempt Offer of Senior Notes. Any Non-exempt Offer made without the 
consent of the Issuer is unauthorised and none of the Issuer and, for the avoidance of doubt, no Dealer 
accepts any responsibility or liability in relation to such offer for the actions of the persons making any 
such unauthorised offer. 
If, in the context of a Non-exempt Offer, an Investor is offered Senior Notes by a person which is not an 
Authorised Offeror, the Investor should check with that person whether anyone is responsible for this 
Base Prospectus for the purposes of Article 6 of the Prospectus Regulation in the context of the relevant 
Non-exempt Offer and, if so, who that person is. If the Investor is in any doubt about whether it can rely 
on this Base Prospectus and/or who is responsible for its contents it should take legal advice.

--- Page 49 ---
10286974115-v8 
47 
47-41075393 
 
The financial intermediaries referred to in paragraphs (a)(ii), (a)(iii) and (b) below are together the 
"Authorised Offerors" and, each, an "Authorised Offeror". 
Consent 
In connection with each Tranche of Senior Notes and subject to the conditions set out below under 
"Common Conditions to Consent": 
(a) 
Specific Consent: the Issuer consents to the use of this Base Prospectus (as supplemented 
as at the relevant time, if applicable) in connection with a Non-exempt Offer of such Senior 
Notes by: 
(i) 
the relevant Dealer(s) or Manager(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(ii) 
any financial intermediaries specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(iii) 
any other financial intermediary appointed after the date of the applicable Final Terms 
and whose name is published on the Issuer's website (www.raiffeisen.it) and identified 
as an Authorised Offeror in respect of the relevant Non-exempt Offer; and 
(b) 
General Consent: if (and only if) Part B of the applicable Final Terms specifies "General 
Consent" as "Applicable", the Issuer hereby offers to grant its consent to the use of this Base 
Prospectus (as supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable) in connection with a Non-
exempt Offer of Senior Notes by any financial intermediary which satisfies the following 
conditions: 
(i) 
it is authorised to make such offers under the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive 
(Directive 2014/65/EU); and 
(ii) 
it accepts such offer by publishing on its website the following statement (with the 
information in square brackets duly completed) (the "Acceptance Statement"): 
"We, [insert legal name of financial intermediary], refer to the offer of [insert title of relevant Senior 
Notes] (the "Notes") described in the Final Terms dated [insert date] (the "Final Terms") published by 
Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige S.p.A. (the "Issuer"). In consideration of the Issuer offering 
to grant its consent to our use of the Base Prospectus (as defined in the Final Terms) in connection 
with the offer of the Notes in [specify relevant State(s)] during the Offer Period and subject to the other 
conditions to such consent, each as specified in the Base Prospectus, we hereby accept the offer by 
the Issuer in accordance with the Authorised Offeror Terms (as specified in the Base Prospectus), and 
confirm that we are using the Base Prospectus accordingly." 
The consent referred to above relates to Non-exempt Offers occurring within 12 months from the date 
of this Base Prospectus. 
The "Authorised Offeror Terms" are that the relevant financial intermediary: 
(A) 
will, and it agrees, represents, warrants and undertakes for the benefit of the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer that it will, at all times in connection with the relevant Non-exempt Offer: 
(I) 
act in accordance with, and be solely responsible for complying with, all applicable 
laws, rules, regulations and guidance of any applicable regulatory bodies (the "Rules") 
from time to time including, without limitation, and in each case, Rules relating to both 
the appropriateness or suitability of any investment in the Senior Notes by any person 
and disclosure to any potential Investor; 
(II) 
comply with the restrictions set out under "Subscription and Sale" in this Base 
Prospectus which would apply if the relevant financial intermediary were a Dealer and

--- Page 50 ---
10286974115-v8 
48 
47-41075393 
 
consider the relevant manufacturer's target market assessment and distribution 
channels identified under the "MiFID II product governance" legend set out in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
(III) 
ensure that any fee (and any other commissions or benefits of any kind) or rebate 
received or paid by the relevant financial intermediary in relation to the offer or sale of 
the Senior Notes does not violate the Rules and, to the extent required by the Rules, 
is fully and clearly disclosed to Investors or potential Investors; 
(IV) 
hold all licences, consents, approvals and permissions required in connection with 
solicitation of interest in, or offers or sales of, the Senior Notes under the Rules; 
(V) 
comply with applicable anti-money laundering, anti-bribery, anti-corruption and "know 
your client" Rules (including, without limitation, taking appropriate steps, in compliance 
with such Rules, to establish and document the identity of each potential Investor prior 
to initial investment in any Senior Notes by the Investor), and will not permit any 
application for Senior Notes in circumstances where the financial intermediary has any 
suspicions as to the source of the application moneys; 
(VI) 
retain Investor identification records for at least the minimum period required under 
applicable Rules and, if so requested and to the extent permitted by the Rules, make 
such records available to the relevant Dealer and the Issuer or directly to the 
appropriate authorities with jurisdiction over the Issuer and/or the relevant Dealer in 
order to enable the Issuer and/or the relevant Dealer to comply with anti-money 
laundering, anti-bribery, anti-corruption and "know your client" Rules applying to the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer, as the case may be; 
(VII) 
immediately inform the Issuer and the relevant Dealer if at any time it becomes aware, 
or suspects, that it is or may be in violation of any Rules and take all appropriate steps 
to remedy such violation and comply with such Rules in all respects; 
(VIII) 
ensure that no holder of Senior Notes or potential Investor in Senior Notes shall 
become an indirect or direct client of the Issuer or the relevant Dealer for the purposes 
of any applicable Rules from time to time, and to the extent that any client obligations 
are created by the relevant financial intermediary under any applicable Rules, then 
such financial intermediary shall perform any such obligations so arising; 
(IX) 
co-operate with the Issuer and the relevant Dealer in providing relevant information 
(including, without limitation, documents and records maintained pursuant to paragraph 
(I) above) and such further assistance as is reasonably requested upon written request 
from the Issuer or the relevant Dealer in each case, as soon as is reasonably 
practicable and, in any event, within any time frame set by any such regulator or 
regulatory process. For this purpose, relevant information is information that is 
available to or can be acquired by the relevant financial intermediary: 
(i) 
in connection with any request or investigation by any regulator in relation to 
the Senior Notes, the Issuer or the relevant Dealer; and/or 
(ii) 
in connection with any complaints received by the Issuer and/or the relevant 
Dealer relating to the Issuer and/or the relevant Dealer or another Authorised 
Offeror including, without limitation, complaints as defined in the Rules; and/or 
(iii) 
which the Issuer or the relevant Dealer may reasonably require from time to 
time in relation to the Senior Notes and/or to allow the Issuer or the relevant 
Dealer fully to comply with its own legal, tax and regulatory requirements;

--- Page 51 ---
10286974115-v8 
49 
47-41075393 
 
(X) 
during the primary distribution period of the Senior Notes: (i) only sell the Senior Notes 
at the Issue Price specified in the applicable Final Terms (unless otherwise agreed with 
the relevant Dealer); (ii) only sell the Senior Notes for settlement on the Issue Date 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; (iii) not appoint any sub-distributors (unless 
otherwise agreed with the relevant Dealer); (iv) not pay any fee or remuneration or 
commissions or benefits to any third parties in relation to the offering or sale of the 
Senior Notes (unless otherwise agreed with the relevant Dealer); and (v) comply with 
such other rules of conduct as may be reasonably required and specified by the 
relevant Dealer; 
(XI) 
either (i) obtain from each potential Investor an executed application for the Senior 
Notes, or (ii) keep a record of all requests the relevant financial intermediary (x) makes 
for its discretionary management clients, (y) receives from its advisory clients and (z) 
receives from its execution-only clients, in each case prior to making any order for the 
Senior Notes on their behalf, and in each case maintain the same on its files for so long 
as is required by any applicable Rules; 
(XII) 
ensure that it does not, directly or indirectly, cause the Issuer or the relevant Dealer to 
breach any Rule or subject the Issuer or the relevant Dealer to any requirement to 
obtain or make any filing, authorisation or consent in any jurisdiction; 
(XIII) 
comply with the conditions to the consent referred to under "Common Conditions to 
Consent" below and any further requirements or other Authorised Offeror Terms 
relevant to the Non-exempt Offer as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(XIV) 
make available to each potential Investor in the Senior Notes this Base Prospectus (as 
supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable), the applicable Final Terms and 
any applicable information booklet provided by the Issuer for such purpose, and not 
convey or publish any information that is not contained in or entirely consistent with this 
Base Prospectus; and 
(XV) 
if it conveys or publishes any communication (other than this Base Prospectus or any 
other materials provided to such financial intermediary by or on behalf of the Issuer for 
the purposes of the relevant Non-exempt Offer) in connection with the relevant Non-
exempt Offer, it will ensure that such communication (A) is fair, clear and not misleading 
and complies with the Rules, (B) states that such financial intermediary has provided 
such communication independently of the Issuer, that such financial intermediary is 
solely responsible for such communication and that none of the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer accepts any responsibility for such communication and (C) does not, without 
the prior written consent of the Issuer or the relevant Dealer (as applicable), use the 
legal or publicity names of the Issuer or the relevant Dealer or any other name, brand 
or logo registered by an entity within their respective groups or any material over which 
any such entity retains a proprietary interest, except to describe the Issuer as issuer of 
the relevant Senior Notes on the basis set out in this Base Prospectus; 
(B) 
agrees and undertakes to each of the Issuer and the relevant Dealer that if it or any of its 
respective directors, officers, employees, agents, affiliates and controlling persons (each a 
"Relevant Party") incurs any losses, liabilities, costs, claims, charges, expenses, actions or 
demands (including reasonable costs of investigation and any defence raised thereto and 
counsel's fees and disbursements associated with any such investigation or defence) (a 
"Loss") arising out of or in relation to, or in connection with, any breach of any of the foregoing 
agreements, representations, warranties or undertakings by the relevant financial intermediary, 
including (without limitation) any unauthorised action by the relevant financial intermediary or

--- Page 52 ---
10286974115-v8 
50 
47-41075393 
 
failure by it to observe any of the above restrictions or requirements or the making by it of any 
unauthorised representation or the giving or use by it of any information which has not been 
authorised for such purposes by the Issuer or the relevant Dealer, the relevant financial 
intermediary shall pay to the Issuer, or the relevant Dealer, as the case may be, an amount 
equal to the Loss. Neither the Issuer nor any Dealer shall have any duty or obligation, whether 
as fiduciary or trustee for any Relevant Party or otherwise, to recover any such payment or to 
account to any other person for any amounts paid to it under this provision; and 
(C) 
agrees and accepts that: 
(I) 
the contract between the Issuer and the relevant financial intermediary formed upon 
acceptance by the relevant financial intermediary of the Issuer's offer to use the Base 
Prospectus with its consent in connection with the relevant Exempt Offer (the 
"Authorised Offeror Contract"), and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or 
in connection with the Authorised Offeror Contract, shall be governed by, and 
construed in accordance with Italian law; 
(II) 
subject to paragraph (IV) below, the Italian courts have exclusive jurisdiction to settle 
any dispute arising out of or in connection with the Authorised Offeror Contract 
(including any dispute relating to any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with the Authorised Offeror Contract) (a "Dispute") and the Issuer and the 
relevant financial intermediary submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Italian courts; 
(III) 
for the purposes of paragraphs (II) above and (IV) below, the Issuer and the relevant 
financial intermediary waive any objection to the Italian courts, on the grounds that they 
are an inconvenient or inappropriate forum to settle any dispute; and 
(IV) 
the Issuer and each relevant Dealer will be entitled to enforce those provisions of the 
Authorised Offeror Contract which are, or are expressed to be, for their benefit, 
including the agreements, representations, warranties, undertakings and indemnity 
given by the financial intermediary pursuant to the Authorised Offeror Terms. 
Any Authorised Offeror falling within paragraph (b) above and who meets the other conditions 
stated in "Common Conditions to Consent" below and who wishes to use this Base Prospectus 
in connection with a Non-exempt Offer is required, for the duration of the relevant Offer Period, 
to publish on its website the Acceptance Statement. 
Common Conditions to Consent 
The conditions to the Issuer's consent are (in addition to the conditions described in paragraph (a) 
above if Part B of the applicable Final Terms specifies "General Consent" as "Applicable") that such 
consent: 
I. 
is only valid during the Offer Period specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
II. 
only extends to the use of this Base Prospectus to make Non-exempt Offers of the relevant 
Tranche of Senior Notes in Luxembourg and Italy, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The consent referred to above only relates to Offer Periods (if any) occurring within 12 months from the 
date of this Base Prospectus. 
Each Tranche of Senior Notes may only be offered to Investors as part of a Non-exempt Offer in each 
Relevant Member State specified in the applicable Final Terms, or otherwise in circumstances in which 
no obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish or supplement a prospectus for such offer.

--- Page 53 ---
10286974115-v8 
51 
47-41075393 
 
Public Offers: Issue Price and Offer Price 
Notes to be offered pursuant to a Public Offer will be issued by the Issuer at the Issue Price specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. The Issue Price will be determined by the Issuer in consultation with the 
relevant Dealer(s) or Manager(s) at the time of the relevant Public Offer and will depend, amongst other 
things, on the interest rate applicable to the Notes and prevailing market conditions at that time. The 
Offer Price of such Notes will be the Issue Price or such other price as may be agreed between an 
Investor and the Authorised Offeror making the offer of the Notes to such Investor. Neither the Issuer 
nor the relevant Dealer(s) or Manager(s) will be party to arrangements between an Investor and an 
Authorised Offeror, and the Investor will need to look to the relevant Authorised Offeror to confirm the 
price at which such Authorised Offeror is offering the Notes to such Investor. 
ARRANGEMENTS BETWEEN INVESTORS AND AUTHORISED OFFERORS 
AN INVESTOR INTENDING TO ACQUIRE OR ACQUIRING ANY SENIOR NOTES IN A NON-
EXEMPT OFFER FROM AN AUTHORISED OFFEROR WILL DO SO, AND OFFERS AND SALES 
OF SUCH SENIOR NOTES TO AN INVESTOR BY SUCH AUTHORISED OFFEROR WILL BE MADE, 
IN ACCORDANCE WITH ANY TERMS AND OTHER ARRANGEMENTS IN PLACE BETWEEN SUCH 
AUTHORISED OFFEROR AND SUCH INVESTOR INCLUDING AS TO PRICE, ALLOCATIONS AND 
SETTLEMENT ARRANGEMENTS. THE ISSUER WILL NOT BE A PARTY TO ANY SUCH 
ARRANGEMENTS WITH SUCH INVESTORS IN CONNECTION WITH THE NON-EXEMPT OFFER 
OR SALE OF THE SENIOR NOTES CONCERNED AND, ACCORDINGLY, THIS BASE 
PROSPECTUS AND ANY FINAL TERMS WILL NOT CONTAIN SUCH INFORMATION. THE 
INVESTOR MUST LOOK TO THE AUTHORISED OFFEROR AT THE TIME OF SUCH OFFER FOR 
THE PROVISION OF SUCH INFORMATION AND THE AUTHORISED OFFEROR WILL BE 
RESPONSIBLE FOR SUCH INFORMATION. THE RELEVANT INFORMATION WILL BE PROVIDED 
BY THE AUTHORISED OFFEROR AT THE TIME OF SUCH OFFER. NONE OF THE ISSUER AND, 
FOR THE AVOIDANCE OF DOUBT, ANY DEALER HAS ANY RESPONSIBILITY OR LIABILITY TO 
AN INVESTOR IN RESPECT OF THE INFORMATION DESCRIBED ABOVE.

--- Page 54 ---
10286974115-v8 
52 
47-41075393 
 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The section entitled "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" on pages 58 - 106 of the base prospectus 
relating to the Programme dated 10 August 2023 (the "2023 Base Prospectus"), having previously 
been published, is incorporated by reference in, and forms part of, this Base Prospectus: 
The 2023 Base Prospectus can be accessed at the following link:  
https://www.raiffeisen.it/raiffeisenkasse/Landesbank/2_UEber_uns/5_Produkte_und_Services/EMTN/
2023_EMTN_Base-Prospectus.pdf.  
Any other information contained in any of the documents specified above that is not expressly included 
above is not incorporated by reference and is either not relevant to investors or is covered elsewhere 
in this Base Prospectus. Unless specifically incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus, 
information contained on any website to which this Base Prospectus refers does not form part of this 
Base Prospectus. 
Any statement contained in this Base Prospectus or in any of the documents incorporated by reference 
in, and forming part of, this Base Prospectus shall be deemed to be modified or superseded for the 
purpose of this Base Prospectus to the extent that a statement contained in any document subsequently 
incorporated by reference by way of supplement prepared in accordance with Article 23 of the 
Prospectus Regulation modifies or supersedes such statement. 
Copies of the document specified above as containing information incorporated by reference in this 
Base Prospectus can be obtained from the website of the Issuer as specified above, from the registered 
office of the Issuer and from the Specified Office of the Paying Agent and will be available for viewing 
on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com).

--- Page 55 ---
10286974115-v8 
53 
47-41075393 
 
FINAL TERMS AND DRAWDOWN PROSPECTUSES 
In this section the expression "necessary information" means, in relation to any Tranche of Notes, the 
information necessary to enable investors to make an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, 
financial position, profits and losses and prospects of the Issuer and of the rights attaching to the Notes. 
In relation to the different types of Notes which may be issued under the Programme the Issuer has 
included in this Base Prospectus all of the necessary information except for information relating to the 
Notes which is not known at the date of this Base Prospectus and which can only be determined at the 
time of an individual issue of a Tranche of Notes. 
Any information relating to the Notes which is not included in this Base Prospectus and which is required 
in order to complete the necessary information in relation to a Tranche of Notes will be contained either 
in the relevant Final Terms or in a Drawdown Prospectus. 
For a Tranche of Notes which is the subject of Final Terms, those Final Terms will, for the purposes of 
that Tranche only, supplement this Base Prospectus and must be read in conjunction with this Base 
Prospectus. The terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes which is the subject 
of Final Terms are the Conditions described in the relevant Final Terms as supplemented to the extent 
described in the relevant Final Terms. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes which is the subject of a 
Drawdown Prospectus will be the Conditions as supplemented, amended and/or replaced to the extent 
described in the relevant Drawdown Prospectus. In the case of a Tranche of Notes which is the subject 
of a Drawdown Prospectus, each reference in this Base Prospectus to information being specified or 
identified in the relevant Final Terms shall be read and construed as a reference to such information 
being specified or identified in the relevant Drawdown Prospectus unless the context requires otherwise.

--- Page 56 ---
10286974115-v8 
54 
47-41075393 
 
FORM OF THE NOTES 
Each Tranche of Notes will be issued in dematerialised form. 
The Notes will be held in dematerialised form on behalf of the beneficial owners, until their redemption 
or cancellation, by Euronext Securities Milan for the account of the relevant Euronext Securities Account 
Holders. The Notes have been accepted for clearance by Euronext Securities Milan. The expression 
"Euronext Securities Account Holders" means any authorised financial intermediary institution 
entitled to hold accounts on behalf of their customers with Euronext Securities Milan, including any 
clearing system which holds an account with Euronext Securities Milan such as Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
The Notes will at all times be held in book entry form and title to the Notes will be evidenced by book 
entries pursuant to the relevant provisions of the Financial Services Act and in accordance with the 
CONSOB and Bank of Italy Joint Regulation. Noteholders are not entitled to physical delivery of their 
Notes but may ask the relevant intermediaries for certification pursuant to Articles 83-quinquies and 83-
sexies of the Financial Services Act. 
Payment of principal and interest in respect of the Notes will be credited, according to the instructions 
of Euronext Securities Milan, by the Paying Agent to the accounts of the Euronext Securities Account 
Holders (as defined above), whose accounts with Euronext Securities Milan are credited with those 
Notes and thereafter credited by such Euronext Securities Account Holders to the accounts of the 
beneficial owners of those Notes or through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg to the accounts 
with Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg of the beneficial owners of those Notes, in accordance 
with the rules and procedures of Euronext Securities Milan, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as 
the case may be. 
The Notes will be held in a manner which would allow Eurosystem eligibility. 
TEFRA 
The United States Treasury Regulation §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) or United States Treasury Regulation 
§1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) are not applicable to the Notes.

--- Page 57 ---
10286974115-v8 
55 
47-41075393 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The applicable Final Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) will complete these Terms and 
Conditions. Reference should be made to "Applicable Final Terms" for a description of the content of 
Final Terms which will specify which of such terms are to apply in relation to the relevant Notes. 
Any reference in these Terms and Conditions to "Noteholders" or "holders" in relation to any Notes shall 
mean the beneficial owners of the Notes and evidenced in book entry form with Monte Titoli S.p.A., 
trading as Euronext Securities Milan, with its registered office and principal place of business at Piazza 
degli Affari 6, 20123 Milan, Italy ("Euronext Securities Milan") pursuant to the relevant provisions of 
Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, as amended (the "Financial Services Act") and in 
accordance with the CONSOB and Bank of Italy Joint Regulation dated 13 August 2018, as amended 
and supplemented from time to time (the "CONSOB and Bank of Italy Joint Regulation"). No physical 
document of title will be issued in respect of the Notes. Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V. ("Euroclear") and 
Clearstream Banking S.A. ("Clearstream, Luxembourg") are intermediaries authorised to operate 
through Euronext Securities Milan. 
1. 
Introduction 
(a) 
Programme: Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige S.p.A. (the "Issuer") has established a 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the "Programme") for the issuance of up to 
€750,000,000 in aggregate principal amount of notes (the "Notes"). 
(b) 
Final Terms: Notes issued under the Programme are issued in series (each a "Series") and 
each Series may comprise one or more tranches (each a "Tranche") of Notes. Each Tranche 
is the subject of final terms (the "Final Terms") and the terms and conditions applicable to any 
such Tranche are these terms and conditions (the "Conditions"), together with the relevant 
Final Terms. In the event of any inconsistency between these Conditions and the relevant Final 
Terms, the relevant Final Terms shall prevail. 
(c) 
Paying Agent: The Issuer will also act as initial paying agent for the Notes (in such capacity, 
the "Paying Agent", which expression includes any successor or additional paying agents 
appointed from time to time in connection with the Notes). The Issuer is entitled to appoint a 
different Paying Agent for the Notes in accordance with Condition 16 (Agents). 
(d) 
The Notes: All subsequent references in these Conditions to "Notes" are to the Notes which 
are the subject of the relevant Final Terms. Copies of the relevant Final Terms are available 
during normal business hours at the Specified Office of the Paying Agent, the initial Specified 
Office of which is set out below. 
2. 
Interpretation 
(a) 
Definitions: In these Conditions the following expressions have the following meanings: 
"2006 ISDA Definitions" means, in relation to a Series of Notes, the 2006 ISDA Definitions (as 
supplemented, amended and updated as at the date of issue of the first Tranche of the Notes 
of such Series) as published by ISDA which can be obtained on ISDA's website (www.isda.org) 
or, if the website is not accessible, from the Issuer free of charge; 
"2021 ISDA Definitions" means, in relation to a Series of Notes, the latest version of the 2021 
ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions (including each Matrix (and any successor Matrix 
thereto), as defined in such 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions) as at the date of 
issue of the first Tranche of Notes of such Series, as published by ISDA which can be obtained 
on ISDA's website (www.isda.org) or, if the website is not accessible, from the Issuer free of 
charge;

--- Page 58 ---
10286974115-v8 
56 
47-41075393 
 
"Accrual Yield" means the amount specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Additional Business Centre(s)" means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant 
Final Terms; 
"Additional Financial Centre(s)" means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
"Additional Tier 1 Capital" has the meaning given to such term (or any other equivalent or 
successor term) in the Applicable Banking Regulations; 
an "Alignment Event" will be deemed to have occurred if, as a result of a change in or 
amendment to the Applicable Banking Regulations or interpretation thereof, at any time after 
the Issue Date, the Issuer would be able to issue an instrument (i) in the case of Senior Notes 
or Senior Non-Preferred Notes, qualifying as eligible liabilities instruments or (ii) in the case of 
Subordinated Notes, qualifying as Tier II Capital, that contains one or more provisions that are, 
in the reasonable opinion of the Issuer, different in any material respect from those contained 
in these Conditions; 
"Applicable Banking Regulations" means at any time the laws, regulations, requirements, 
guidelines and policies relating to capital adequacy then in effect in the Republic of Italy and 
applicable to the Issuer or the Group (as the case may be) including, without limitation, CRD V, 
the BRRD, the Capital Adequacy Regulations, the Prudential Regulations for Banks and any 
other regulations, requirements, guidelines and policies relating to capital adequacy then in 
effect of the Regulatory Authority or of the institutions of the European Union, including the 
European Commission and the European Banking Authority (whether or not such requirements, 
guidelines or policies have the force of law and whether or not they are applied generally or 
specifically to the Issuer or the Group, as the case may be); 
"Benchmarks Regulation" means Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 of the European Parliament 
and of the Council of 8 June 2016 on indices used as benchmarks in financial instruments and 
financial contracts or to measure the performance of investment funds and amending Directives 
2008/48/EC and 2014/17/EU and Regulation (EU) No. 596/2014; 
"BRRD" means Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 
2014 establishing a framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and 
investment firms, as amended, supplemented or replaced from time to time (including by 
Directive (EU) 2019/879); 
"Business Day" means: 
(i) 
in relation to any sum payable in euro, a TARGET Settlement Day and a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments generally in each (if 
any) Additional Business Centre; and 
(ii) 
in relation to any sum payable in a currency other than euro, a day on which commercial 
banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments generally in London, in the 
Principal Financial Centre of the relevant currency and in each (if any) Additional 
Business Centre; 
"Business Day Convention", in relation to any particular date, means one or more of the 
conventions set out below and specified as being applicable to that date in the relevant Final 
Terms and, if so specified, may mean different conventions in relation to different dates and, in 
this context, the following expressions shall have the following meanings:

--- Page 59 ---
10286974115-v8 
57 
47-41075393 
 
(i) 
"Following Business Day Convention" means that the relevant date shall be 
postponed to the first following day that is a Business Day; 
(ii) 
"Modified Following Business Day Convention" or "Modified Business Day 
Convention" means that the relevant date shall be postponed to the first following day 
that is a Business Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month in which case 
that date will be the first preceding day that is a Business Day; 
(iii) 
"Preceding Business Day Convention" means that the relevant date shall be brought 
forward to the first preceding day that is a Business Day; 
(iv) 
"FRN Convention", "Floating Rate Convention" or "Eurodollar Convention" means 
that each relevant date shall be the date which numerically corresponds to the 
preceding such date in the calendar month which is the number of months specified in 
the relevant Final Terms as the Specified Period after the calendar month in which the 
preceding such date occurred provided, however, that: 
(A) 
if there is no such numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in 
which any such date should occur, then such date will be the last day which is 
a Business Day in that calendar month; 
(B) 
if any such date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, 
then such date will be the first following day which is a Business Day unless 
that day falls in the next calendar month, in which case it will be the first 
preceding day which is a Business Day; and 
(C) 
if the preceding such date occurred on the last day in a calendar month which 
was a Business Day, then all subsequent such dates will be the last day which 
is a Business Day in the calendar month which is the specified number of 
months after the calendar month in which the preceding such date occurred; 
and 
(v) 
"No Adjustment" means that the relevant date shall not be adjusted in accordance 
with any Business Day Convention; 
"Calculation Agent" means the Paying Agent or such other Person specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as the party responsible for calculating the Rate(s) of Interest and Interest 
Amount(s) and/or such other amount(s) as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Calculation Amount" means the amount specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Capital Adequacy Regulations" means the Delegated Regulation and any other rules or 
regulations of the Regulatory Authority or of the institutions of the European Union or which are 
otherwise applicable to the Issuer or the Group (as the case may be), whether introduced before 
or after the Issue Date, which prescribe (alone or in conjunction with any other rules or 
regulations) the requirements to be fulfilled by financial instruments for their inclusion in the 
Own Funds of the Issuer or the Group (as the case may be) to the extent required under CRD 
V; 
"CET1 Instruments" means, at any time, common equity tier 1 instruments as interpreted and 
applied in accordance with the Applicable Banking Regulations; 
"CMS Rate" means the applicable swap rate for swap transactions in the Reference Currency 
with a maturity of the Designated Maturity, expressed as a percentage, which appears on the 
Relevant Screen Page as at the Relevant Time on the Interest Determination Date in question, 
all as determined by the Calculation Agent;

--- Page 60 ---
10286974115-v8 
58 
47-41075393 
 
"CMS Reference Banks" means (i) where the Reference Currency is Euro, the principal office 
of five major banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market, (ii) where the Reference Currency is 
Sterling, the principal London office of five major banks in the London inter-bank market, 
(iii) where the Reference Currency is United States dollars, the principal New York City office 
of five major banks in the New York City inter-bank market, or (iv) in the case of any other 
Reference Currency, the principal Relevant Financial Centre office of five major banks in the 
Relevant Financial Centre inter-bank market, in each case selected by the Calculation Agent; 
"Consolidated Banking Law" means the Testo Unico Bancario or Legislative Decree No. 385 
of 1 September 1993, as amended or supplemented from time to time, including any successor 
legislation; 
"CRD V" means the CRD V Directive, the CRR and the CRD V Implementing Measures; 
"CRD V Directive" means Directive 2013/36/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council 
of 26 June 2013 on access to the activity of credit institutions and the prudential supervision of 
credit institutions and investment firms, amending Directive 2002/87/EC and repealing 
Directives 2006/48/EC and 2006/49/EC, as amended, supplemented or replaced from time to 
time, including any successor regulations (including by Directive EU/2019/878); 
"CRD V Implementing Measures" means any regulatory capital rules implementing the CRD 
V Directive or the CRR which may from time to time be introduced, including, but not limited to, 
delegated or implementing acts (regulatory technical standards) adopted by the European 
Commission, national laws and regulations, and regulations and guidelines issued by the Bank 
of Italy, the European Banking Authority or any other relevant authority, which are applicable to 
the Issuer (on a standalone basis) or, if applicable, the Issuer together with its consolidated 
Subsidiaries (on a consolidated basis) and which prescribe the requirements to be fulfilled by 
financial instruments for inclusion in the regulatory capital of the Issuer (on a standalone or, if 
applicable, consolidated basis); 
"CRR" means Regulation No. 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 
June 2013 on prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms, as amended 
and supplemented from time to time, including any successor regulations (including by 
Regulation EU/2019/876); 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount for any period of time 
(the "Calculation Period"), such day count fraction as may be specified in these Conditions or 
the relevant Final Terms and: 
(i) 
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is so specified, means: 
(A) 
where the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Regular Period 
during which it falls, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided 
by the product of (1) the actual number of days in such Regular Period and (2) 
the number of Regular Periods in any year; and 
(B) 
where the Calculation Period is longer than one Regular Period, the sum of: 
(1) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the 
Regular Period in which it begins, divided by the product of (a) the 
actual number of days in such Regular Period and (b) the number of 
Regular Periods in any year; and 
(2) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next 
Regular Period divided by the product of (a) the actual number of days

--- Page 61 ---
10286974115-v8 
59 
47-41075393 
 
in such Regular Period and (b) the number of Regular Periods in any 
year; 
(ii) 
if "Actual/365" or "Actual/Actual (ISDA)" is so specified, means the actual number of 
days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of the Calculation Period 
falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of the 
Calculation Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of 
days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(iii) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 365; 
(iv) 
if "Actual/360" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 360; 
(v) 
if "30/360, 360/360" or "Bond Basis" is specified, the number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows 
Day Count Fraction = 
 
where:  
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater 
than 29, in which case D2 will be 30"; 
(vi) 
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
360
)
(
)]
(
30
[
)]
(
360
[
1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
M
M
x
Y
Y
x
−
+
−
+
−
360
)
(
)]
(
30
[
)]
(
360
[
1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
M
M
x
Y
Y
x
−
+
−
+
−

--- Page 62 ---
10286974115-v8 
60 
47-41075393 
 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 
will be 30; and 
(vii) 
if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
(i) that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case 
D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not 
the Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30, 
provided, however, that in each such case the number of days in the Calculation Period is 
calculated from and including the first day of the Calculation Period to but excluding the last 
day of the Calculation Period; 
"Delegated Regulation" means Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No. 241/2014 of 7 
January 2014 supplementing the CRR with regard to the regulatory technical standards for 
Own Funds requirements for institutions, as amended, supplemented or replaced from time to 
time; 
"Designated Maturity" means the period or periods specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
"Early Redemption Amount (Regulatory Event)" means, in respect of any Note, its principal 
amount or such other amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, the 
relevant Final Terms; 
"Early Redemption Amount (Tax)" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such 
other amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, the relevant Final 
Terms; 
360
)
(
)]
(
30
[
)]
(
360
[
1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
M
M
x
Y
Y
x
−
+
−
+
−

--- Page 63 ---
10286974115-v8 
61 
47-41075393 
 
"Early Redemption Date" means, for the purposes of Conditions 11(b) (Redemption for tax 
reasons), 11(c) (Redemption for regulatory reasons) or 11(h) (Issuer call due to MREL 
Disqualification Event), the date fixed for redemption of the Notes following the giving of notice 
to Noteholders, which date shall fall: 
(i) 
at any time if none of the interest due on such date is required to be calculated in 
accordance with the Floating Rate Note Provisions; or 
(ii) 
on any Interest Payment Date if any of the interest due on the date of redemption is 
required to be calculated in accordance with the Floating Rate Note Provisions; 
"Early Termination Amount" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such other 
amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, these Conditions or the 
relevant Final Terms; 
"ECB" means the European Central Bank; 
"Eligible Liabilities" has the meaning given to such term in the CRR, as interpreted and applied 
in accordance with the Applicable Banking Regulations; 
"Eligible Liabilities Instruments" means, at any time, eligible liabilities instruments as 
interpreted and applied in accordance with the Applicable Banking Regulations; 
"EU Banking Reform" means the amendments to the CRD V Directive, the CRR and BRRD, 
which have been published on the European Official Gazette on 7 June 2019 and entered into 
force on 27 June 2019; 
"Euronext Securities Account Holders" means any authorised financial intermediary 
institution entitled to hold accounts on behalf of their customers with Euronext Securities Milan, 
including any clearing system which holds an account with Euronext Securities Milan such as 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg; 
"Extraordinary Resolution" has the meaning given in the Provisions for Meetings of 
Noteholders; 
"Final Redemption Amount" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount; 
"Fixed Coupon Amount" means the amount specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Fixed Rate Interest Period(s)" means: 
(i) 
in the case of Fixed to Floating Rate Notes: 
(A) 
if the relevant Final Terms specify only one Switch Date, the period from, and 
including, the Interest Commencement Date to, but excluding, the Switch Date; 
or 
(B) 
if the relevant Final Terms specify more than one Switch Date: 
(1) 
the period from, and including, the Interest Commencement Date to, 
but excluding, the first Switch Date; and 
(2) 
each subsequent period (if any) from, and including, the next but one 
Switch Date to, but excluding, the next following Switch Date or (where 
applicable) the Maturity Date; or 
(ii) 
in the case of Floating to Fixed Rate Notes:

--- Page 64 ---
10286974115-v8 
62 
47-41075393 
 
(A) 
if the relevant Final Terms specify only one Switch Date, the period from, and 
including, the Switch Date to, but excluding, the Maturity Date; or 
(B) 
if the relevant Final Terms specify more than one Switch Date: 
(1) 
the period from, and including, the first Switch Date to, but excluding, 
the second Switch Date; and 
(2) 
following the second Switch Date, each subsequent period (if any) 
from, and including, the next but one Switch Date to, but excluding, the 
next following Switch Date or (where applicable) the Maturity Date; 
"Fixed Rate Note Provisions" means the provisions contained in Condition 8 (Fixed Rate Note 
Provisions); 
"Floating Rate Interest Period(s)" means: 
(i) 
in the case of Floating to Fixed Rate Notes: 
(A) 
if the relevant Final Terms specify only one Switch Date, the period from, and 
including, the Interest Commencement Date to, but excluding, the Switch Date; 
or 
(B) 
if the relevant Final Terms specify more than one Switch Date: 
(1) 
the period from, and including, the Interest Commencement Date to, 
but excluding, the first Switch Date; and 
(2) 
each subsequent period (if any) from, and including, the next but one 
Switch Date to, but excluding, the next following Switch Date or (where 
applicable) the Maturity Date; or 
(ii) 
in the case of Fixed to Floating Rate Notes: 
(A) 
if the relevant Final Terms specify only one Switch Date, the period from, and 
including, the Switch Date to, but excluding, the Maturity Date; or 
(B) 
if the relevant Final Terms specify more than one Switch Date: 
(1) 
the period from, and including, the first Switch Date to, but excluding, 
the second Switch Date; and 
(2) 
following the second Switch Date, each subsequent period (if any) 
from, and including, the next but one Switch Date to, but excluding, the 
next following Switch Date or (where applicable) the Maturity Date; 
"Floating Rate Note Provisions" means the provisions contained in Condition 9 (Floating Rate 
Note Provisions); 
"Group" means, where applicable, the Issuer and its Subsidiaries; 
"Interest Amount" means, in relation to a Note and an Interest Period, the amount of interest 
payable in respect of that Note for that Interest Period; 
"Interest Commencement Date" means the Issue Date of the Notes or such other date as 
may be specified as the Interest Commencement Date in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Interest Determination Date" means the date or dates specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms;

--- Page 65 ---
10286974115-v8 
63 
47-41075393 
 
"Interest Payment Date" means the date or dates specified as such in, or determined in 
accordance with the provisions of, the relevant Final Terms and, if a Business Day Convention 
is specified in the relevant Final Terms: 
(i) 
as the same may be adjusted in accordance with the relevant Business Day 
Convention; or 
(ii) 
if the Business Day Convention is the FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or 
Eurodollar Convention and an interval of a number of calendar months is specified in 
the relevant Final Terms as being the Specified Period, each of such dates as may 
occur in accordance with the FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar 
Convention at such Specified Period of calendar months following the Interest 
Commencement Date (in the case of the first Interest Payment Date) or the previous 
Interest Payment Date (in any other case); 
"Interest Period" means each period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement 
Date or any Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next Interest Payment 
Date; 
"ISDA" means the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. (or any successor); 
"ISDA Definitions" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Issue Date" means the date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Loss Absorption Requirement" means the power of the Regulatory Authority to impose that 
Own Funds Instruments or other liabilities of the Issuer or entities of the Group (as the case 
may be) are subject to full or partial write-down of the principal or conversion into CET1 
Instruments or other instruments of ownership in accordance with Article 59 of the BRRD and 
the related national implementing provisions applicable to the Issuer or entities of the Group 
(as the case may be); 
"Margin" means an amount expressed as a percentage, as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
"Maturity Date" means the date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms, provided that 
such date does not fall: 
(i) 
in the case of Senior Non-Preferred Notes, less than twelve months after the Issue 
Date; and 
(ii) 
in the case of Subordinated Notes, less than five years after the Issue Date; 
"Maximum Redemption Amount" means, in respect of any Note, an amount specified as such 
in, or determined in accordance with, the relevant Final Terms; 
"Mid-Market Swap Rate" means, for any Reset Period, the mean of the bid and offered rates 
for the fixed leg payable with a frequency equivalent to the frequency with which scheduled 
interest payments are payable on the Notes during the relevant Reset Period (calculated on 
the day count basis customary for fixed rate payments in the Specified Currency as determined 
by the Calculation Agent) of a fixed-for-floating interest rate swap transaction in the Specified 
Currency, which transaction (i) has a term equal to the relevant Reset Period and commencing 
on the relevant Reset Date, (ii) is in an amount that is representative for a single transaction in 
the relevant market at the relevant time with an acknowledged dealer of good credit in the swap 
market and (iii) has a floating leg based on the Reference Rate for the Mid-Swap Maturity

--- Page 66 ---
10286974115-v8 
64 
47-41075393 
 
(calculated on the day count basis customary for floating rate payments in the Specified 
Currency as determined by the Calculation Agent); 
"Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation" means a quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per 
annum) for the relevant Mid-Market Swap Rate; 
"Mid-Swap Maturity" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Mid-Swap Rate" means, in relation to a Reset Determination Date and subject to the fallback 
provisions contained in paragraphs (iii) to (v) of Condition 8(e) (Resetting of interest), either: 
(i) 
if Single Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the rate for swaps 
in the Specified Currency: 
(A) 
with a term equal to the relevant Reset Period; and 
(B) 
commencing on the relevant Reset Date, 
which appears on the Relevant Screen Page; or 
(ii) 
if Mean Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the arithmetic mean 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum and rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 
0.001 per cent. (0.0005 per cent. being rounded upwards)) of the bid and offered swap 
rate quotations for swaps in the Specified Currency: 
(A) 
with a term equal to the relevant Reset Period; and 
(B) 
commencing on the relevant Reset Date, 
which appear on the Relevant Screen Page, 
in either case, as at approximately 11.00 a.m. in the Principal Financial Centre on such Reset 
Determination Date, all as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
"Minimum Redemption Amount" means, in respect of any Note, an amount specified as such 
in, or determined in accordance with, the relevant Final Terms; 
"MREL Disqualification Event" means any event or circumstances whereby, by reason of the 
introduction of or a change in MREL Requirements, which was not reasonably foreseeable by 
the Issuer at the Issue Date of the Notes, all or part of the aggregate outstanding principal 
amount of such Series of Notes are or will be excluded fully or partially from Eligible Liabilities 
available to meet the MREL Requirements, provided that, for the avoidance of doubt: (a) the 
exclusion of a Series of Senior Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes from the MREL 
Requirements due to the remaining maturity of such Notes being less than any period 
prescribed thereunder, does not constitute a MREL Disqualification Event; (b) the exclusion of 
all or some of a Series of Senior Notes from the MREL Requirements due to there being 
insufficient headroom for such Senior Notes within a prescribed exception to the otherwise 
applicable general requirements for Eligible Liabilities does not constitute a MREL 
Disqualification Event; and (c) the exclusion of all or some of a Series of Senior Notes or Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes from the MREL Requirements as a result of such Notes being purchased 
by or on behalf of the Issuer or as a result of a purchase which is funded directly or indirectly 
by the Issuer, does not constitute a MREL Disqualification Event; 
"MREL Requirements" means the laws, regulations, requirements, guidelines, rules, 
standards and policies relating to minimum requirements for Own Funds and Eligible Liabilities 
and/or loss-absorbing capacity instruments applicable to the Issuer and/or the Group, from time 
to time, including, without limitation to the generality of the foregoing, any delegated or

--- Page 67 ---
10286974115-v8 
65 
47-41075393 
 
implementing acts (such as regulatory technical standards) adopted by the European 
Commission and any regulations, requirements, guidelines, rules, standards and policies 
relating to minimum requirements for Own Funds and Eligible Liabilities and/or loss absorbing 
capacity instruments adopted by the Republic of Italy or the Regulatory Authority from time to 
time (whether or not such requirements, guidelines or policies are applied generally or 
specifically to the Issuer and/or the Group), as any of the preceding laws, regulations, 
requirements, guidelines, rules, standards, policies or interpretations may be amended, 
supplemented, superseded or replaced from time to time; 
"Optional Redemption Amount (Call)" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or 
such other amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, the relevant Final 
Terms; 
"Optional Redemption Amount (Put)" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or 
such other amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, the relevant Final 
Terms; 
"Optional Redemption Date (Call)" means the date or dates specified as such in the relevant 
Final Terms, provided that such date does not fall: 
(i) 
in the case of Senior Non-Preferred Notes, less than twelve months after the Issue 
Date; and 
(ii) 
in the case of Subordinated Notes, less than five years after the Issue Date; 
"Optional Redemption Date (Put)" means the date or dates specified as such in the relevant 
Final Terms; 
"Own Funds" has the meaning given to such term in the CRR, as interpreted and applied in 
accordance with the Applicable Banking Regulations; 
"Own Funds Instruments" means at any time own funds instruments as interpreted and 
applied in accordance with the Applicable Banking Regulations; 
"Payment Business Day" means: 
(i) 
if the currency of payment is euro, any day which is a TARGET Settlement Day and a 
day on which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in each (if any) Additional 
Financial Centre; or 
(ii) 
if the currency of payment is not euro, any day which is a day on which dealings in 
foreign currencies may be carried on in the Principal Financial Centre of the currency 
of payment and in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre; 
"Permitted Jurisdiction" means any jurisdiction which, at the relevant time, is any of the 
following: 
(i) 
a Member State of the European Union; or 
(ii) 
the relevant jurisdiction of incorporation of the Issuer; 
"Person" means any individual, company, corporation, firm, partnership, joint venture, 
association, organisation, state or agency of a state or other entity, whether or not having 
separate legal personality; 
"Principal Financial Centre" means, in relation to any currency, the principal financial centre 
for that currency provided, however, that:

--- Page 68 ---
10286974115-v8 
66 
47-41075393 
 
(i) 
in relation to euro, it means the principal financial centre of such Member State of the 
European Communities or the United Kingdom as is selected (in the case of a payment) 
by the payee or (in the case of a calculation) by the Calculation Agent; and 
(ii) 
in relation to Australian dollars, it means either Sydney or Melbourne and, in relation to 
New Zealand dollars, it means either Wellington or Auckland, in each case as is 
selected (in the case of a payment) by the payee or (in the case of a calculation) by the 
Calculation Agent; 
"Provisions for Meetings of Noteholders" means the provisions for meetings of noteholders 
attached to these Conditions as Appendix 1 (Provisions for Meetings of Noteholders); 
"Prudential Regulations for Banks" means the Bank of Italy's Disposizioni di Vigilanza per le 
Banche, as set out in Bank of Italy Circular No. 285 of 17 December 2013, as amended or 
supplemented from time to time, including any successor regulations; 
"Put Option Notice" means a notice which must be delivered to a Paying Agent by any 
Noteholder wanting to exercise a right to redeem a Note at the option of the Noteholder; 
"Rate of Interest" means the rate or rates (expressed as a percentage per annum) of interest 
payable in respect of the Notes specified in the relevant Final Terms or calculated or determined 
in accordance with the provisions of these Conditions and/or the relevant Final Terms, including 
(if applicable) any Reset Rate of Interest; 
"Redemption Amount" means, as appropriate: 
(i) 
the Final Redemption Amount; or 
(ii) 
the Early Redemption Amount (Tax), the Early Redemption Amount (Regulatory Event), 
the Optional Redemption Amount (Call), the Optional Redemption Amount (Put), the 
Early Termination Amount or such other amount in the nature of a redemption amount 
as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with the provisions of, the relevant 
Final Terms; 
"Reference Banks" means the financial institutions specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms or, if not so specified: 
(i) 
for the purposes of Condition 8(e) (Resetting of interest), four major banks in the swap, 
money, securities or other market most closely connected with the relevant Mid-Swap 
Rate, as selected by the Issuer on the advice of an investment bank of international 
repute; 
(ii) 
for the purposes of Condition 9(c) (Screen Rate Determination), four major banks 
selected by the Issuer in the market that is most closely connected with the Reference 
Rate; 
"Reference Currency" means the currency specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Reference Price" means the amount specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Reference Rate" means the rate specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Regular Period" means: 
(i) 
in the case of Notes where interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular 
payments, each period from and including the Interest Commencement Date to but 
excluding the first Interest Payment Date and each successive period from and 
including one Interest Payment Date to but excluding the next Interest Payment Date;

--- Page 69 ---
10286974115-v8 
67 
47-41075393 
 
(ii) 
in the case of Notes where, apart from the first Interest Period, interest is scheduled to 
be paid only by means of regular payments, each period from and including a Regular 
Date falling in any year to but excluding the next Regular Date, where "Regular Date" 
means the day and month (but not the year) on which any Interest Payment Date falls; 
and 
(iii) 
in the case of Notes where, apart from one Interest Period other than the first Interest 
Period, interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, each period 
from and including a Regular Date falling in any year to but excluding the next Regular 
Date, where "Regular Date" means the day and month (but not the year) on which any 
Interest Payment Date falls other than the Interest Payment Date falling at the end of 
the irregular Interest Period; 
"Regulatory Authority" means the Bank of Italy or other governmental authority in Italy (or 
other country in which the Issuer is then domiciled having supervisory powers over the Issuer) 
or any European Union or other supranational authority (including the European Central Bank) 
having primary responsibility for prudential oversight and supervision of the Issuer from time to 
time; 
"Regulatory Event" is deemed to have occurred for the purposes of Condition 11(c) 
(Redemption for regulatory reasons) if: 
(i) 
there is a change in Applicable Banking Regulations or any change in their official 
application or interpretation, in each case occurring after the date of issue of the first 
Tranche of the relevant Series of Notes, as a result of which the relevant Subordinated 
Notes cease to qualify either in whole or in part as Tier II Capital of the Issuer (save 
where the exclusion from Tier II Capital of the Issuer is solely (A) a result of any 
applicable limitation on the amount of such capital, or (B) in accordance with any 
requirement that recognition of such Series of Subordinated Notes as part of the Tier 
II Capital of the Issuer be amortised in the five years prior to maturity of such Notes, in 
either (A) or (B) in accordance with Applicable Banking Regulations in force as at the 
date on which agreement is reached to issue the first Tranche of such Series of 
Subordinated Notes); and 
(ii) 
where the Early Redemption Date falls before five years from the date of issue of the 
Notes, both of the following conditions are met: 
(A) 
the Regulatory Authority considers such a change to be sufficiently certain; and 
(B) 
the Issuer demonstrates to the satisfaction of the Regulatory Authority that the 
change in regulatory classification of the Notes was not reasonably 
foreseeable as at the Issue Date; 
"Relevant Date" means, in relation to any payment, whichever is the later of (a) the date on 
which the payment in question first becomes due and (b) if the full amount payable has not 
been received in the Principal Financial Centre of the currency of payment by the Paying Agent 
on or prior to such due date, the date on which (the full amount having been so received) notice 
to that effect has been given to the Noteholders; 
"Relevant Financial Centre" means the city or cities or other geographical area or areas 
specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Relevant Jurisdiction" means the Republic of Italy or any political subdivision or any authority 
thereof or therein having power to tax or any other jurisdiction or any political subdivision or any

--- Page 70 ---
10286974115-v8 
68 
47-41075393 
 
authority thereof or therein having power to tax to which the Issuer becomes subject in respect 
of payments made by it of principal and interest on the Notes; 
"Relevant Screen Page" means the page, section or other part of a particular information 
service (including, without limitation, Reuters) specified as the Relevant Screen Page in the 
relevant Final Terms, or such other page, section or other part as may replace it on that 
information service or such other information service, in each case, as may be nominated by 
the Person providing or sponsoring the information appearing there for the purpose of 
displaying rates or prices comparable to the Reference Rate; 
"Relevant Swap Rate" means: 
(i) 
where the Reference Currency is Euro, the mid-market annual swap rate determined 
on the basis of the arithmetic mean of the bid and offered rates for the annual fixed leg, 
calculated on a 30/360 day count basis, of a fixed-for-floating euro interest rate swap 
transaction with a term equal to the Designated Maturity commencing on the first day 
of the relevant Interest Period and in a Representative Amount with an acknowledged 
dealer of good credit in the swap market, where the floating leg, in each case calculated 
on an Actual/360 day count basis, is equivalent to EUR-EURIBOR-Reuters (as defined 
in the ISDA Definitions) with a designated maturity determined by the Calculation Agent 
by reference to standard market practice and/or the ISDA Definitions; and 
(ii) 
where the Reference Currency is any other currency or if the Final Terms specify 
otherwise, the mid-market swap rate as determined in accordance with the applicable 
Final Terms; 
"Relevant Time" means the time specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Representative Amount" means an amount that is representative for a single transaction in 
the relevant market at the relevant time; 
"Reserved Matter" has the meaning given to it in the Provisions for Meetings of Noteholders 
and includes any proposal to change any date fixed for payment of principal or interest in 
respect of the Notes, to reduce the amount of principal or interest payable on any date in respect 
of the Notes, to alter the method of calculating the amount of any payment in respect of the 
Notes or the date for any such payment, to change the currency of any payment under the 
Notes or to change the quorum requirements relating to meetings or the majority required to 
pass an Extraordinary Resolution; 
"Reset Date" means the date or dates specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Reset Determination Date" means, in respect of each Reset Period, the second Business 
Day prior to the Reset Date; 
"Reset Period" means each period from (and including) a Reset Date to (but excluding) the 
next following Reset Date or, if no such Reset Date is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the 
Maturity Date; 
"Reset Rate of Interest" means, in respect of any Reset Period, the rate of interest determined 
by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Reset Determination Date as the sum of the relevant 
Mid-Swap Rate and the relevant Margin; 
"Senior Non-Preferred Notes" means Notes specified in the applicable Final Terms as Senior 
Non-Preferred obligations and intended to qualify as strumenti di debito chirografario di 
secondo livello of the Issuer, as defined under, and for the purposes of, Article 12-bis and Article 
91, section 1-bis, letter c-bis of the Consolidated Banking Law, as amended from time to time,

--- Page 71 ---
10286974115-v8 
69 
47-41075393 
 
and any relevant implementing regulation which may be enacted for such purposes by any 
Regulatory Authority; 
"Senior Note" means a Note specified as such in the relevant Final Terms (and, for the 
avoidance of doubt, excludes Senior Non-Preferred Notes); 
"Specified Currency" means the currency specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Specified Denomination(s)" means an amount of the Specified Currency specified as such 
in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Specified Office" means Via Laurin 1, 39100, Bolzano (BZ), Italy and/or such other address 
of the relevant Paying Agent specified in the relevant Final Terms or notified by the Issuer to 
the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 19 (Notices); 
"Specified Period" means the period specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
"SRM Regulation" means the Single Resolution Mechanism established pursuant to 
Regulation (EU) No. 806/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council, as amended, 
supplemented or replaced from time to time (including by Regulation EU/2019/877); 
"SSM Regulation" means Council Regulation (EU) No. 1024/2013 of 15 October 2013 
conferring specific tasks on the ECB concerning policies relating to the prudential supervision 
of credit institutions, as amended, supplemented or replaced from time to time; 
"Subordinated Notes" means Notes specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, being 
Notes intended to qualify as Tier II Capital for regulatory capital purposes, in accordance with 
Part II, Chapter 1 of the Prudential Regulations for Banks and Article 63 of the CRR; 
"Subsidiary" means, in relation to any Person (the "first Person") at any particular time, any 
other Person which is controlled by the first Person in accordance with Article 2359, first 
paragraph, Nos. 1), 2) and 3) and second paragraph of the Italian Civil Code; 
"Switch Date(s)" means: 
(i) 
where the Switch Option is not applicable, the date or dates that are specified as such 
in the relevant Final Terms; and 
(ii) 
where the Switch Option is applicable, the date or dates that are specified as such in 
the relevant Final Terms and in respect of which the Issuer has given notice of exercise 
of the relevant Switch Option to Noteholders at a date on which it was entitled to do so 
pursuant to Condition 7(e) (Switching at the option of the Issuer) and in accordance 
with Condition 19 (Notices); 
"Switch Option" means, if specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the option of the 
Issuer, at its sole discretion, on one or more occasions and subject to the provisions of 
Condition 7(e) (Switching at the option of the Issuer) to change the interest provisions 
applicable to the Notes from the Fixed Rate Note Provisions to the Floating Rate Note 
Provisions or vice versa; 
"Switch Option Exercise Period(s)" means the period or periods specified as such in the 
relevant Final Terms, which period shall in any event end not less than 15 days prior to the 
relevant Switch Date; 
"T2" means the real time gross settlement system operated by the Eurosystem, or any 
successor or replacement system;

--- Page 72 ---
10286974115-v8 
70 
47-41075393 
 
"TARGET Settlement Day" means any day on which T2 is open for the settlement of payments 
in Euro; 
"Tier II Capital" has the meaning given to it by (i) the Regulatory Authority from time to time or 
(ii) any regulation, directive or other binding rules, standards or decisions adopted by the 
institutions of the European Union and in force from time to time, as applicable; 
"Treaty" means the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as amended; and 
"Zero Coupon Note" means a Note specified as such in the relevant Final Terms, 
(b) 
Interpretation: In these Conditions: 
(i) 
any reference to principal shall be deemed to include the Redemption Amount, any 
additional amounts in respect of principal which may be payable under Condition 13 
(Taxation), any premium payable in respect of a Note and any other amount in the 
nature of principal payable pursuant to these Conditions; 
(ii) 
any reference to interest shall be deemed to include any additional amounts in respect 
of interest which may be payable under Condition 13 (Taxation) and any other amount 
in the nature of interest payable pursuant to these Conditions; 
(iii) 
a Note shall be considered to be "outstanding" unless one or more of the following 
events has occurred: 
(A) 
Redeemed or purchased: it has been redeemed in full, or purchased under 
Condition 11(k) (Purchase), and in either case has been cancelled in 
accordance with Condition 11(l) (Cancellation); 
(B) 
Due date: the due date for its redemption in full has occurred and all sums due 
in respect of such Note (including all accrued interest) have been received by 
the Paying Agent and remain available for payment; 
(C) 
Void: all claims for principal and interest in respect of such Note have become 
void under Condition 15 (Prescription); or 
(D) 
Meetings: for the purposes of the Provisions for Meetings of Noteholders only, 
it is held by, or by any person for the benefit of, the Issuer or any of its 
Subsidiaries; 
(iv) 
if an expression is stated in Condition 2(a) (Definitions) to be specified or indicated in 
the relevant Final Terms, but the relevant Final Terms gives no such indication or 
specification or specifies that such expression is "not applicable" then such 
expression is not applicable to the Notes; and 
3. 
Form, Denomination and Title 
The Notes will be held in dematerialised form in the Specified Denomination(s) on behalf of 
their beneficial owners by Euronext Securities Milan for the account of the relevant Euronext 
Securities Account Holders as of their respective date of issue. Euronext Securities Milan shall 
act as depository for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
The Notes will at all times be evidenced by, and title to the Notes will be established or 
transferred by way of, book-entries pursuant to the relevant provisions of the Financial Services 
Act and in accordance with the CONSOB and Bank of Italy Joint Regulation. No physical 
document of title will be issued in respect of the Notes.

--- Page 73 ---
10286974115-v8 
71 
47-41075393 
 
4. 
Status of Senior Notes 
(a) 
Application: This Condition 4 (Status of Senior Notes) is applicable only to Senior Notes. 
(b) 
Status of the Senior Notes: The Senior Notes constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated 
and unsecured obligations of the Issuer and rank and will rank pari passu, without any 
preference among themselves. The payment obligations of the Issuer under the Senior Notes 
shall, save for such obligations as may be preferred by provisions of law that are both 
mandatory and of general application, at all times rank at least equally with its other present 
and future unsecured and unsubordinated obligations other than obligations ranking junior to 
the Senior Notes from time to time (including Senior Non-Preferred Notes and any further 
obligations permitted by law to rank junior to the Senior Notes following the Issue Date) if any. 
(c) 
Waiver: Each holder of a Senior Note is deemed unconditionally and irrevocably to have waived 
any right of set-off, counterclaim, abatement or other similar remedy which it might otherwise 
have under the laws of any jurisdiction in respect of such Senior Note. 
(d) 
No Negative Pledge: There is no negative pledge in respect of the Senior Notes. 
5. 
Status of Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
(a) 
Application: This Condition 5 (Status of Senior Non-Preferred Notes) is applicable only to 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes. 
(b) 
Status of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes: The obligations of the Issuer under the Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes (notes intended to qualify as strumenti di debito chirografario di secondo 
livello of the Issuer, as defined under, and for the purposes of, Article 12-bis and Article 91, 
section 1-bis, letter c-bis of the Consolidated Banking Law, and any relevant implementing 
regulation which may be enacted for such purposes by any Regulatory Authority) in respect of 
principal, interest and other amounts constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated, 
unsecured and non-preferred obligations of the Issuer, ranking (i) junior to Senior Notes and 
any other unsecured and non-preferred obligations of the Issuer which rank, or are expressed 
by their terms and/or by provision of law to rank, senior to the Senior Non-Preferred Notes, 
including claims arising from the excluded liabilities within the meaning of Article 72a(2) of the 
CRR, and (ii) at least pari passu without any preferences among themselves, and with all other 
present or future unsubordinated and non-preferred obligations of the Issuer which do not rank 
or are not expressed by their terms to rank junior or senior to the relevant Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes and (iii) in priority to any subordinated instruments, to any present or future claims 
ranking junior to such Series of Senior Non-Preferred Notes and to the claims of shareholders 
of the Issuer, pursuant to Article 91, section 1-bis, letter c-bis of the Consolidated Banking Law, 
as amended from time to time, and any relevant implementing regulation which may be enacted 
for such purposes by any Regulatory Authority. 
(c) 
Waiver: Each holder of a Senior Non-Preferred Note is deemed unconditionally and irrevocably 
to have waived any right of set-off, counterclaim, abatement or other similar remedy which it 
might otherwise have under the laws of any jurisdiction in respect of such Senior Non-Preferred 
Note. 
(d) 
No Negative Pledge: There is no negative pledge in respect of the Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes. 
6. 
Status of Subordinated Notes 
(a) 
Application: This Condition 6 (Status of Subordinated Notes) is applicable only to 
Subordinated Notes.

--- Page 74 ---
10286974115-v8 
72 
47-41075393 
 
(b) 
Status of Subordinated Notes: The Subordinated Notes constitute direct and unsecured 
obligations of the Issuer subordinated as described below. Save as provided in Condition 6(c) 
(Status of disqualified Subordinated Notes), the Subordinated Notes rank pari passu without 
any preference among themselves. In relation to each Series of Subordinated Notes, all 
Subordinated Notes of such Series will be treated equally and all amounts paid by the Issuer 
in respect of principal and interest thereon will be paid pro rata on all Subordinated Notes of 
such Series. 
In the event of the winding up, dissolution, liquidation or bankruptcy (including, inter alia, 
Liquidazione Coatta Amministrativa of the Issuer), for so long as the relevant Series of 
Subordinated Notes qualify, in whole or in part, as Tier II Capital, the payment obligations of 
the Issuer under each Series of Subordinated Notes will rank in right of payment (A) after 
unsubordinated unsecured creditors (including depositors and any holder of Senior Notes, 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes) of the Issuer and all other creditors of the Issuer holding 
instruments that are less subordinated than the Subordinated Notes (including any 
subordinated instruments that have ceased to qualify, in their entirety, as own fund items 
(elementi di fondi propri)) but (B) at least pari passu with all other subordinated obligations of 
the Issuer which do not rank or are not expressed by their terms to rank junior or senior to such 
Series of Subordinated Notes, including holders of present or future outstanding Tier II Capital 
of the Issuer and (C) in priority to the claims of shareholders of the Issuer and to the claims of 
creditors of the Issuer holding instruments that are more subordinated than the Subordinated 
Notes, including Additional Tier 1 Capital. 
(c) 
Status of disqualified Subordinated Notes: If the relevant Series of Subordinated Notes do 
not qualify (or cease to qualify) in their entirety as own funds items (elementi di fondi propri), 
such Subordinated Notes will rank pari passu without any preference among the Notes and: 
(A) at least pari passu with the Issuer's obligations in respect of any other subordinated 
instruments that have ceased to qualify, in their entirety, as own funds items (elementi di fondi 
propri) and with all other subordinated indebtedness of the Issuer that have such ranking; (B) 
in priority to payments to holders of present or future outstanding indebtedness which qualifies, 
in whole or in part, as own funds items (elementi di fondi propri), including Additional Tier 1 
Capital and Tier II Capital; and (C) junior in right of payment to the payment of any present or 
future claims of depositors of the Issuer and any other unsubordinated creditors of the Issuer 
(including Senior Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes). 
(d) 
Waiver: Each holder of a Subordinated Note is deemed unconditionally and irrevocably to have 
waived any right of set-off, counterclaim, abatement or other similar remedy which it might 
otherwise have, under the laws of any jurisdiction, in respect of such Subordinated Note. 
(e) 
Loss absorption: The Subordinated Notes (including, for the avoidance of doubt, payments of 
principal and/or interest) shall be subject to the Loss Absorption Requirement, if so required 
under the BRRD and/or the SRM Regulation, in accordance with the powers of the Regulatory 
Authority and where the Regulatory Authority determines that the application of the Loss 
Absorption Requirement to the Subordinated Notes is necessary pursuant to applicable law 
and/or regulation in force from time to time. 
(f) 
No Negative Pledge: There is no negative pledge in respect of the Subordinated Notes. 
7. 
Fixed to Floating Rate or Floating to Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
(a) 
Application: This Condition 7 (Fixed to Floating Rate or Floating to Fixed Rate Note Provisions) 
is applicable to the Notes only if the Fixed to Floating Rate Note Provisions or the Floating to 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable.

--- Page 75 ---
10286974115-v8 
73 
47-41075393 
 
(b) 
Fixed to Floating Rate Note Provisions: If the Fixed to Floating Rate Note Provisions are 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, then: 
(i) 
the Fixed Rate Note Provisions shall apply to the Notes initially upon issue and in 
respect of the Fixed Rate Interest Period(s); and 
(ii) 
the Floating Rate Note Provisions shall apply in respect of the Floating Rate Interest 
Period(s). 
(c) 
Floating to Fixed Rate Note Provisions: If the Floating to Fixed Rate Note Provisions are 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, then: 
(i) 
the Floating Rate Note Provisions shall apply to the Notes initially upon issue and in 
respect of the Floating Rate Interest Period(s); and 
(ii) 
the Fixed Rate Note Provisions shall apply in respect of the Fixed Rate Interest 
Period(s). 
(d) 
Scheduled switching: If the Final Terms do not specify that the Switch Option is applicable, 
then the switching of interest pursuant to this Condition 7 shall take effect on each Switch Date 
without any requirement to give notice or other formality (but without prejudice, if applicable, to 
Condition 9(h) (Publications)). 
(e) 
Switching at the option of the Issuer: If the Final Terms specify that the Switch Option is 
applicable, then: 
(i) 
the Issuer may, on one or more occasions, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
give notice to the Noteholders during the relevant Switch Option Exercise Period of the 
switching of interest applicable to the Notes from the Fixed Rate Noted Provisions to 
the Floating Rate Note Provisions or vice versa; 
(ii) 
provided that notice is given to Noteholders during the relevant Switch Option Exercise 
Period, such notice will be irrevocable and binding on both the Issuer and the 
Noteholders and will take effect: 
(A) 
where only one Switch Date is specified in the relevant Final Terms, from (and 
including) the Switch Date to (but excluding) the Maturity Date; or 
(B) 
where more than one Switch Date is specified in the relevant Final Terms, from 
(and including) the relevant Switch Date to (but excluding) the next following 
Switch Date; and 
(iii) 
if, in relation to a date specified in the Final Terms as a Switch Date, the Switch Option 
is not exercised in accordance with this Condition 7(e), then such date will be deemed 
not to be a Switch Date for the purposes of these Conditions and the interest provisions 
applicable prior to such date shall continue to apply. 
8. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
(a) 
Application: This Condition 8 (Fixed Rate Note Provisions) is applicable to the Notes only if 
the Fixed Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(b) 
Accrual of interest: The Notes bear interest from the Interest Commencement Date at the 
Rate of Interest payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date, subject (if applicable) to 
adjustment of the Rate of Interest pursuant to Condition 8(e)(Resetting of interest) and subject 
as provided in Condition 12 (Payments). Each Note will cease to bear interest from the due 
date for final redemption unless payment of the Redemption Amount is improperly withheld or 
refused, in which case it will continue to bear interest in accordance with this Condition 8 (both

--- Page 76 ---
10286974115-v8 
74 
47-41075393 
 
before and after judgment) until whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on which all sums due in 
respect of such Note up to that day are received by or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder and 
(ii) the day which is seven days after the Paying Agent has notified the Noteholders that it has 
received all sums due in respect of the Notes up to such seventh day (except to the extent that 
there is any subsequent default in payment). 
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount: The amount of interest payable in respect of each Note for any Interest 
Period shall be the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount and, if the Notes are in more than one 
Specified Denomination, shall be the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount in respect of the relevant 
Specified Denomination. 
(d) 
Calculation of interest amount: The amount of interest payable in respect of each Note for 
any period for which a Fixed Coupon Amount is not specified shall be calculated by applying 
the Rate of Interest to the Calculation Amount, multiplying the product by the relevant Day 
Count Fraction, rounding the resulting figure to the nearest sub-unit of the Specified Currency 
(half a sub-unit being rounded upwards) and multiplying such rounded figure by a fraction equal 
to the Specified Denomination of such Note divided by the Calculation Amount. For this purpose 
a "sub-unit" means, in the case of any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such 
currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, in the case of 
euro, means one cent. 
(e) 
Resetting of interest: If the Final Terms specify the fixed note resetting provisions are 
applicable, the following provisions shall apply: 
(i) 
the Rate of Interest shall be adjusted to the relevant Reset Rate of Interest from (and 
including) each Reset Date to (but excluding) the next following Reset Date or, if no 
such Reset Date is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Maturity Date; 
(ii) 
the Rate of Interest and the Interest Amount payable shall be determined by the 
Calculation Agent at or as soon as practicable after each time at which the Rate of 
Interest is to be determined and, in the case of the Interest Amount, in accordance with 
Condition 8(d) (Calculation of interest amount); 
(iii) 
if on any Reset Determination Date, the Relevant Screen Page is not available or the 
Mid-Swap Rate does not appear on the Relevant Screen Page, the Calculation Agent 
shall request each of the Reference Banks to provide the Calculation Agent with its 
Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation as at approximately 11.00 a.m. in the Principal 
Financial Centre of the Specified Currency on the Reset Determination Date in 
question; 
(iv) 
If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with Mid-Market 
Swap Rate Quotations, the Reset Rate of Interest for the relevant Reset Period shall 
be the sum of the arithmetic mean (rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 0.001 per 
cent. (0.0005 per cent. being rounded upwards)) of the relevant Mid-Market Swap Rate 
Quotations and the relevant Margin, all as determined by the Calculation Agent (and, 
for the avoidance of doubt, if such sum results in a negative amount, such amount shall 
be deemed to be zero); 
(v) 
if on any Reset Determination Date only one or none of the Reference Banks provides 
the Calculation Agent with a Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation as provided in the 
foregoing provisions of this paragraph, the Reset Rate of Interest shall be determined 
to be the Rate of Interest as at the last preceding Reset Date or, in the case of the first 
Reset Determination Date, as at the Interest Commencement Date;

--- Page 77 ---
10286974115-v8 
75 
47-41075393 
 
(vi) 
the Calculation Agent will cause each Rate of Interest and Interest Amount determined 
by it, together with the relevant Interest Payment Date, and any other amount(s) 
required to be determined by it together with any relevant payment date(s) to be notified 
to the Paying Agent, Euronext Securities Milan and each listing authority, stock 
exchange and/or quotation system (if any) by which the Notes have then been admitted 
to listing, trading and/or quotation as soon as practicable after such determination but 
(in the case of each Rate of Interest, Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date) in 
any event not later than the first day of the relevant Interest Period, and notice thereof 
shall also promptly be given to the Noteholders; 
(vii) 
the Calculation Agent will be entitled to recalculate any Interest Amount (on the basis 
of the foregoing provisions) without notice in the event of an extension or shortening of 
the relevant Interest Period; 
(viii) 
if the Calculation Amount is less than the minimum Specified Denomination, the 
Calculation Agent shall not be obliged to publish each Interest Amount but instead may 
publish only the Calculation Amount and the Interest Amount in respect of a Note 
having the minimum Specified Denomination;  
(ix) 
all notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, quotations and 
decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this Condition 8 by 
the Calculation Agent will (in the absence of manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, 
Euronext Securities Milan, the Paying Agent and the Noteholders and (subject as 
aforesaid) no liability to any such Person will attach to the Calculation Agent in 
connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions 
for such purposes; and 
(x) 
Condition 9(j) (Benchmark replacement) shall apply. 
9. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
(a) 
Application: This Condition 9 (Floating Rate Note Provisions) is applicable to the Notes only if 
the Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(b) 
Accrual of interest: The Notes bear interest from the Interest Commencement Date at the 
Rate of Interest payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date, subject as provided in 
Condition 12 (Payments). Each Note will cease to bear interest from the due date for final 
redemption unless payment of the Redemption Amount is improperly withheld or refused, in 
which case it will continue to bear interest in accordance with this Condition (both before and 
after judgment) until whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on which all sums due in respect of 
such Note up to that day are received by or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder and (ii) the 
day which is seven days after the Paying Agent has notified the Noteholders that it has received 
all sums due in respect of the Notes up to such seventh day (except to the extent that there is 
any subsequent default in payment). 
(c) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
(i) 
Floating Rate Notes other than CMS Linked Interest Notes: If, in the relevant Final 
Terms, Screen Rate Determination is specified as the manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest is/are to be determined and "CMS Rate" is not specified as the Reference Rate, 
then the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes for each Interest Period will be 
determined by the Calculation Agent on the following basis: 
(A) 
if the Reference Rate is a composite quotation or customarily supplied by one 
entity, the Calculation Agent will determine the Reference Rate which appears

--- Page 78 ---
10286974115-v8 
76 
47-41075393 
 
on the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date; 
(B) 
in any other case, the Calculation Agent will determine the arithmetic mean of 
the Reference Rates which appear on the Relevant Screen Page as of the 
Relevant Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date; and 
(C) 
the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be the sum of the Margin and 
the rate or (as the case may be) the arithmetic mean so determined; provided, 
however, that (x) for the avoidance of doubt, if such sum results in a negative 
amount, such amount shall be deemed to be zero and (y) if the Calculation 
Agent is unable to determine a rate or (as the case may be) an arithmetic mean 
in accordance with the above provisions in relation to any Interest Period, the 
Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes during such Interest Period will be the 
sum of the Margin and the rate (or as the case may be) the arithmetic mean 
last determined in relation to the Notes in respect of a preceding Interest 
Period. 
(ii) 
CMS Linked Interest Notes: If, in the relevant Final Terms, Screen Rate Determination 
is specified as the manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined and 
"CMS Rate" is specified as the Reference Rate, then the Rate of Interest applicable to 
the Notes for each Interest Period will be determined by the Calculation Agent by 
reference to the following formula: 
CMS Rate plus Margin 
provided that, for the avoidance of doubt, if such sum results in a negative amount, 
such amount shall be deemed to be zero. 
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available, the Calculation Agent shall request each 
of the CMS Reference Banks to provide the Calculation Agent with its quotation for the 
Relevant Swap Rate at approximately 11.00 a.m. (local time in the Principal Financial 
Centre of the Specified Currency) on the Interest Determination Date in question. If at 
least three of the CMS Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with such 
quotation, the CMS Rate for such Interest Period shall be the arithmetic mean of such 
quotations, eliminating the highest quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the 
highest) and the lowest quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the lowest). 
If on any Interest Determination Date less than three or none of the CMS Reference 
Banks provides the Calculation Agent with such quotations as provided in the 
preceding paragraph, the CMS Rate shall be the CMS Rate in effect with respect to 
the immediately preceding Interest Period. 
(d) 
ISDA Determination: If ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, the Rate of Interest applicable 
to the Notes for each Interest Period will be the sum of the Margin and the relevant ISDA Rate 
where "ISDA Rate" in relation to any Interest Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate 
(as defined in the ISDA Definitions) that would be determined by the Calculation Agent under 
an interest rate swap transaction if the Calculation Agent were acting as Calculation Agent for 
that interest rate swap transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating the ISDA 
Definitions (provided that in any circumstances where under the ISDA Definitions the 
Calculation Agent would be required to exercise any discretion, including the selection of any 
reference banks and seeking quotations from reference banks, when calculating the relevant

--- Page 79 ---
10286974115-v8 
77 
47-41075393 
 
ISDA Rate, the relevant determination(s) which require the Calculation Agent to exercise its 
discretion shall instead be made by the Issuer or its designee) and under which: 
(i) 
if the Final Terms specify either "2006 ISDA Definitions" or "2021 ISDA Definitions" as 
the applicable ISDA Definitions: 
(A) 
the Floating Rate Option (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms; 
(B) 
the Designated Maturity (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is a period 
specified in the relevant Final Terms; and 
(C) 
the relevant Reset Date (as defined in the ISDA Definitions), unless otherwise 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, has the meaning given to it in the ISDA 
Definitions, 
(ii) 
references in the ISDA Definitions to: 
(A) 
"Confirmation" shall be references to the relevant Final Terms; 
(B) 
"Calculation Period" shall be references to the relevant Interest Period; 
(C) 
"Termination Date" shall be references to the Maturity Date; 
(D) 
"Effective Date" shall be references to the Interest Commencement Date; and 
(iii) 
if the Final Terms specify "2021 ISDA Definitions" as being applicable: 
(A) 
"Benchmark Event" shall be disapplied; and 
(B) 
if the Temporary Non-Publication Fallback in respect of any specified Floating 
Rate Option is specified to be "Temporary Non-Publication Fallback – 
Alternative Rate" in the Floating Rate Matrix of the 2021 ISDA Definitions the 
reference to "Calculation Agent Alternative Rate Determination" in the 
definition of "Temporary Non-Publication Fallback – Alternative Rate" shall be 
replaced by "Temporary Non-Publication Fallback – Previous Day's Rate", 
provided that, for the avoidance of doubt, if such sum results in a negative amount, 
such amount shall be deemed to be zero. 
(e) 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest: If any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of 
Interest is specified in the relevant Final Terms, then the Rate of Interest shall in no event be 
greater than the maximum or be less than the minimum so specified. 
(f) 
Calculation of Interest Amount: The Calculation Agent will, as soon as practicable after the 
time at which the Rate of Interest is to be determined in relation to each Interest Period, 
calculate the Interest Amount payable in respect of each Note for such Interest Period. The 
Interest Amount will be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period to 
the Calculation Amount during such Interest Period, multiplying the product by the relevant Day 
Count Fraction, rounding the resulting figure to the nearest sub-unit of the Specified Currency 
(half a sub-unit being rounded upwards) and multiplying such rounded figure by a fraction equal 
to the Specified Denomination of such Note divided by the Calculation Amount. For this purpose 
a "sub-unit" means, in the case of any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such 
currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, in the case of 
euro, means one cent. 
(g) 
Calculation of other amounts: If the relevant Final Terms specify that any other amount is to 
be calculated by the Calculation Agent, the Calculation Agent will, as soon as practicable after

--- Page 80 ---
10286974115-v8 
78 
47-41075393 
 
the time or times at which any such amount is to be determined, calculate the relevant amount. 
The relevant amount will be calculated by the Calculation Agent in the manner specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
(h) 
Publication: The Calculation Agent will cause each Rate of Interest and Interest Amount 
determined by it, together with the relevant Interest Payment Date, and any other amount(s) 
required to be determined by it together with any relevant payment date(s) to be notified to the 
Paying Agent, Euronext Securities Milan and each competent authority, stock exchange and/or 
quotation system (if any) by which the Notes have then been admitted to listing, trading and/or 
quotation as soon as practicable after such determination but (in the case of each Rate of 
Interest, Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date) in any event not later than the first day of 
the relevant Interest Period. Notice thereof shall also promptly be given to the Noteholders. The 
Calculation Agent will be entitled to recalculate any Interest Amount (on the basis of the 
foregoing provisions) without notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the relevant 
Interest Period. If the Calculation Amount is less than the minimum Specified Denomination, 
the Calculation Agent shall not be obliged to publish each Interest Amount but instead may 
publish only the Calculation Amount and the Interest Amount in respect of a Note having the 
minimum Specified Denomination. 
(i) 
Notifications etc: All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, 
quotations and decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this Condition 
by the Calculation Agent will (in the absence of manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, 
Euronext Securities Milan, the Paying Agent, the Noteholders and (subject as aforesaid) no 
liability to any such Person will attach to the Calculation Agent in connection with the exercise 
or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions for such purposes. 
(j) 
Benchmark replacement: Notwithstanding the provisions above in Condition 8(e) and this 
Condition 9, if a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to an Original Reference Rate at any time 
when these Conditions provide for any remaining Rate of Interest (or any component part(s) 
thereof) to be determined by reference to such Original Reference Rate, then the following 
provisions shall apply. 
(i) 
Independent Adviser: The Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint and 
consult with an Independent Adviser, as soon as reasonably practicable, to determine 
a Successor Rate, failing which an Alternative Rate (in accordance with Condition 
9(j)(iii)) and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread if any (in accordance with Condition 
9(j)(iv)) and any Benchmark Amendments (in accordance with Condition 9(j)(v)). 
An Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 9(j) shall act in good faith 
and in a commercially reasonable manner as an expert and in consultation with the 
Issuer. 
(ii) 
Failure to appoint: If the Issuer is unable to appoint and consult with an Independent 
Adviser or if the Independent Adviser appointed by it fails to determine a Successor 
Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Rate in accordance with this Condition 9(j) prior 
to the relevant Interest Determination Date, the Issuer may determine a Successor 
Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Rate. In making any determination pursuant to 
this Condition 9(j), the Issuer shall at all times act in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner. 
(iii) 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate: If the Independent Adviser or (in the circumstances 
set out in Condition 9(j)(ii) (Failure to appoint) only) the Issuer determines that:

--- Page 81 ---
10286974115-v8 
79 
47-41075393 
 
(A) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate shall (subject to 
adjustment as provided in Condition 9(j)(iv)) subsequently be used in place of 
the Original Reference Rate to determine the relevant Rate(s) of Interest (or 
the relevant component part(s) thereof) for all relevant future payments of 
interest on the Notes (subject to the further operation of this Condition 9(j)); or 
(B) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such 
Alternative Rate shall (subject to adjustment as provided in Condition 9(j)(iv)) 
subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference Rate to determine the 
relevant Rate(s) of Interest (or the relevant component part(s) thereof) for all 
relevant future payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the further 
operation of this Condition 9(j)). 
(iv) 
Adjustment Spread: If the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines 
(i) that an Adjustment Spread is required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and (ii) the quantum of, or a formula or 
methodology for determining, such Adjustment Spread, then such Adjustment Spread 
shall be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be for 
each subsequent determination of a relevant Rate of Interest or a relevant component 
part thereof) by reference to such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable). 
(v) 
Benchmark Amendments: If any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Adjustment 
Spread is determined in accordance with this Condition 9(j) and the Independent 
Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines (i) that amendments to these 
Conditions (including without limitation, amendments to the definitions of Day Count 
Fraction, Business Day, Relevant Screen Page, Interest Determination Date, Relevant 
Time, Relevant Financial Centre, Reference Banks, Principal Financial Centre, 
Business Day Convention or Additional Business Centre) are necessary to ensure the 
proper operation of such Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment Spread 
(such amendments, the "Benchmark Amendments") and (ii) the terms of the 
Benchmark Amendments, then the Issuer shall, and subject to the Issuer giving notice 
thereof in accordance with Condition 9(j)(vi), without any requirement for the consent 
or approval of Noteholders, vary these Conditions to give effect to such Benchmark 
Amendments with effect from the date specified in such notice. 
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition 9(j)(v), the 
Issuer shall comply with the rules of any stock exchange or other relevant authority on 
which the Notes are for the time being listed or by which they have been admitted to 
trading. 
(vi) 
Notices, etc.: The Issuer shall notify the Paying Agent, Euronext Securities Milan and 
the Calculation Agent or any other party specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
responsible for calculating the Rate of Interest and, in accordance with Condition 19 
(Notices), the Noteholders promptly of any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, 
Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of any Benchmark Amendments, determined 
under this Condition 9(j). Such notice shall be irrevocable (save in the event of manifest 
error in the determination of the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment 
Spread (if any) and the Benchmark Amendments (if any)) and shall specify the effective 
date of the Benchmark Amendments, if any. 
Where a different Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to 
the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest 
Period, the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant

--- Page 82 ---
10286974115-v8 
80 
47-41075393 
 
Interest Period shall be substituted in place of the Margin or Maximum or Minimum 
Rate of Interest relating to that last preceding Interest Period. 
The Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread (if any) and the 
Benchmark Amendments (if any) specified in such notice will (unless revoked) be 
binding on the Issuer, Euronext Securities Milan, the Paying Agent, the Calculation 
Agent, any other party specified in the relevant Final Terms as being responsible for 
calculating the Rate of Interest, the Noteholders. 
(vii) 
Survival of Original Reference Rate: Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer 
under the provisions of this Condition 9(j), the Original Reference Rate and the fallback 
provisions provided for in Condition 9(j) will continue to apply unless and until a 
Benchmark Event has occurred and only then once the Paying Agent, Euronext 
Securities Milan and Calculation Agent or such other party specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, as applicable, have been notified of the Successor Rate or Alternative 
Rate (as the case may be) and (if applicable) any Adjustment Spread or Benchmark 
Amendments in accordance with Condition 9(j)(vi). 
(viii) 
Fallbacks: If, (a) following the occurrence of a Benchmark Event and in relation to the 
determination of the Rate of Interest on the relevant Interest Determination Date, the 
Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser and/or the Independent Adviser 
appointed by it or, where applicable, the Issuer fails to determine a Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate (as applicable) pursuant to this Condition 9(j) by such Interest 
Determination Date, or, (b) in the case of Subordinated Notes, if the provisions relating 
to the occurrence of a Regulatory Event in case of a Benchmark Event is specified as 
applicable in the relevant Final Terms or, in the case of Senior Notes or Senior Non-
Preferred Notes the provisions relating to the occurrence of a MREL Disqualification 
Event in case of a Benchmark Event is specified as applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms (as applicable), the provisions under paragraphs from (i) to (v) above would 
cause the occurrence of a Regulatory Event or a MREL Disqualification Event (as 
applicable), then the Rate of Interest applicable to the next succeeding Interest Period 
shall be equal to the Rate of Interest last determined in relation to the Notes in respect 
of the immediately preceding Interest Period (though substituting, where a different 
Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest 
Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin or 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest Period, in place 
of the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last preceding 
Interest Period). For the avoidance of doubt, this Condition 9(j) shall apply to the 
determination of the Rate of Interest on the relevant Interest Determination Date only, 
and the Rate of Interest applicable to any subsequent Interest Period(s) is subject to 
the subsequent operation of, and to adjustment as provided in, this Condition 9(j). 
(ix) 
Definitions: In this Condition 9(j): 
"Adjustment Spread" means either a spread (which may be positive or negative), or 
the formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, which the 
Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines is required to be applied 
to the relevant Successor Rate or the relevant Alternative Rate (as the case may be) 
and is the spread, formula or methodology which: 
(A) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended, or formally 
provided as an option for parties to adopt, in relation to the replacement of the

--- Page 83 ---
10286974115-v8 
81 
47-41075393 
 
Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating 
Body; or 
(B) 
(if no such recommendation has been made, or in the case of an Alternative 
Rate) the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines is 
customarily applied to the relevant Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as the 
case may be) in international debt capital markets transactions to produce an 
industry-accepted replacement rate for the Original Reference Rate; or 
(C) 
(if the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines that no 
such spread, formula or methodology is customarily applied) the Independent 
Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines is recognised or 
acknowledged as being the industry standard for over-the-counter derivative 
transactions which reference the Original Reference Rate, where such rate has 
been replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may 
be); or 
(D) 
(if the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines that no 
such industry standard is recognised or acknowledged) the Independent 
Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines (acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner) to be appropriate to reduce or eliminate, to 
the extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic 
prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) to Noteholders as a result of the 
replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Rate (as the case may be); 
"Alternative Rate" means: 
(A) 
an alternative to the Original Reference Rate which the Independent Adviser 
or the Issuer (as applicable) determines in accordance with Condition 9(j)(iii) 
has replaced the Original Reference Rate in customary market usage in the 
international debt capital markets for the purposes of determining rates of 
interest (or the relevant component part thereof); or  
(B) 
if the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines that there 
is no such rate, such other rate as such Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as 
the case may be) determines in its discretion is most comparable to the 
Original Reference Rate, for a comparable interest period and in the same 
Specified Currency as the Notes; 
"Benchmark Amendments" has the meaning given to it in Condition 9(j)(v); 
"Benchmark Event" means: 
(A) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for a period of at least 5 
Business Days or ceasing to be calculated or administered; 
(B) 
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate that it will, on or before a specified date, cease 
publishing the Original Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in 
circumstances where no successor administrator has been appointed that will 
continue publication of the Original Reference Rate) and (ii) the date falling six 
months prior to such specified date;

--- Page 84 ---
10286974115-v8 
82 
47-41075393 
 
(C) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate has been 
permanently or indefinitely discontinued; 
(D) 
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the 
administrator of the Original Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate 
will, on or before a specified date, be permanently or indefinitely discontinued 
and (ii) the date falling six months prior to such specified date; 
(E) 
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the 
administrator of the Original Reference Rate that means the Original 
Reference Rate will be prohibited from being used or that its use will be subject 
to restrictions or adverse consequences, in each case on or before a specified 
date and (ii) the date falling six months prior to such specified date; or 
(F) 
it having become unlawful for any Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent or such 
other party as specified in the relevant Final Terms to calculate any payments 
due to be made to any Noteholder using the Original Reference Rate including, 
without limitation, under the Benchmarks Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, if 
applicable; 
"Independent Adviser" means an independent financial institution of international 
repute or an independent financial adviser with appropriate expertise appointed by the 
Issuer under Condition 9(j) at its own expense; 
"Original Reference Rate" means the originally-specified Reference Rate or Mid-
Swap Rate used to determine the relevant Rate of Interest (or any component part 
thereof) on the Notes; 
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, in respect of the Original Reference Rate: 
(A) 
the central bank for the currency to which the Original Reference Rate relates, 
or any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for 
supervising the administrator of the Original Reference Rate; or 
(B) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or 
constituted at the request of (a) the central bank to which the Original 
Reference Rate relates, (b) any central bank or other supervisory authority 
which is responsible for supervising the administrator of the Original Reference 
Rate, (c) a group of the aforementioned central banks or other supervisory 
authorities, or (d) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof; and 
"Successor Rate" means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference 
Rate which is determined by the Issuer in accordance with this Condition 9 or that is 
formally recommended, or formally provided as an as an option for parties to adopt, by 
any Relevant Nominating Body in relation to the replacement of the Original Reference 
Rate. 
10. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
(a) 
Application: This Condition 10 (Zero Coupon Note Provisions) is applicable to the Notes only 
if the Zero Coupon Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable.

--- Page 85 ---
10286974115-v8 
83 
47-41075393 
 
(b) 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes: If the Redemption Amount payable in respect of any 
Zero Coupon Note is improperly withheld or refused, the Redemption Amount shall thereafter 
be an amount equal to the sum of: 
(i) 
the Reference Price; and 
(ii) 
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the Reference 
Price on the basis of the relevant Day Count Fraction from (and including) the Issue 
Date to (but excluding) whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on which all sums due in 
respect of such Note up to that day are received by or on behalf of the relevant 
Noteholder and (ii) the day which is seven days after the Paying Agent has notified the 
Noteholders that it has received all sums due in respect of the Notes up to such seventh 
day (except to the extent that there is any subsequent default in payment). 
11. 
Redemption and Purchase 
(a) 
Scheduled redemption: Unless previously redeemed, or purchased and cancelled, the Notes 
will be redeemed at their Final Redemption Amount on the Maturity Date, as provided in 
Condition 12 (Payments), and, in the case of Subordinated Notes, subject to Condition 11(g) 
(Regulatory conditions for call, redemption, repayment, repurchase or modification of 
Subordinated Notes). 
Pursuant to Article 12-bis, paragraph 1, letter a), of the Consolidated Banking Law, the Maturity 
Date of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes shall not fall earlier than twelve months after their Issue 
Date. 
(b) 
Redemption for tax reasons: The Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer (subject, 
in the case of Subordinated Notes, to Condition 11(g) (Regulatory conditions for call, 
redemption, repayment, repurchase or modification of Subordinated Notes) and, in the case of 
Senior Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes, to Condition 11(m) (Regulatory conditions for 
call, redemption, repayment, repurchase or modification of Senior Notes and Senior Non-
Preferred Notes)) in whole, but not in part, on the Early Redemption Date on giving not less 
than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice to the Paying Agent, Euronext Securities Milan and, in 
accordance with Condition 19 (Notices), the Noteholders (which notices shall be irrevocable), 
at their Early Redemption Amount (Tax), together with interest accrued (if any) to the Early 
Redemption Date, if: 
(i) 
the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred 
to in Condition 13 (Taxation) as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws 
or regulations of the Republic of Italy or any political subdivision or any authority thereof 
or therein having power to tax, or any change in the application or official interpretation 
of such laws or regulations, which change or amendment becomes effective on or after 
the date of issue of the first Tranche of the Notes; and 
(ii) 
such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available 
to it; and 
(iii) 
in the case of Subordinated Notes and only if the Early Redemption Date falls before 
five years from the Issue Date, the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the 
Regulatory Authority that such change is material and was not reasonably foreseeable 
at the Issue Date, 
provided, however, that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than:

--- Page 86 ---
10286974115-v8 
84 
47-41075393 
 
(A) 
where the Notes may be redeemed at any time, 90 days prior to the earliest 
date on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts if a 
payment in respect of the Notes were then due; or 
(B) 
where the Notes may be redeemed only on an Interest Payment Date, 60 days 
prior to the Interest Payment Date occurring immediately before the earliest 
date on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts if a 
payment in respect of the Notes were then due. 
Upon publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this paragraph, the Issuer shall make 
available, upon request, to the relevant Noteholder (1) a certificate signed by a duly authorised 
legal representative of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption 
and setting forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right of the 
Issuer so to redeem have occurred and (2) an opinion of independent legal advisers of 
recognised standing to the effect that the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay such 
additional amounts as a result of such change or amendment. Upon the expiry of any such 
notice as is referred to in this Condition 11(b), the Issuer shall be bound to redeem the Notes 
in accordance with this Condition 11(b) (subject to Conditions 11(g) (Regulatory conditions for 
call, redemption, repayment, repurchase or modification of Subordinated Notes) and Condition 
11(m) (Regulatory conditions for call, redemption, repayment, repurchase or modification of 
Senior Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes)). 
(c) 
Redemption for regulatory reasons: 
(i) 
Application: This Condition 11(c) is applicable only to Subordinated Notes and only if 
this Condition 11(c) is specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms. 
(ii) 
Redemption: Upon occurrence of a Regulatory Event, subject to Condition 11(g) 
(Regulatory conditions for call, redemption, repayment, repurchase or modification of 
Subordinated Notes), the Notes may be redeemed on the Early Redemption Date at 
the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part, on giving not less than 30 nor more 
than 60 days' notice (which notice shall be irrevocable) to the Paying Agent, Euronext 
Securities Milan and, in accordance with Condition 19 (Notices), the Noteholders. 
Upon publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition 11(c), the 
Issuer shall make available, upon request, to the relevant Noteholder a certificate 
signed by a duly authorised legal representative of the Issuer stating that a Regulatory 
Event has occurred and describing the facts giving rise to such circumstances, and 
such certificate shall be conclusive and binding on the Noteholders. 
Upon the expiry of any such notice as is referred to in this Condition 11(c), the Issuer 
shall be bound to redeem the Notes in accordance with this Condition 11(c), at the 
Early Redemption Amount (Regulatory Event) specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
together (if applicable) with interest accrued to (but excluding) the Early Redemption 
Date. 
Any redemption pursuant to this Condition 11(c) shall be subject to Condition 11(g) 
(Regulatory conditions for call, redemption, repayment, repurchase or modification of 
Subordinated Notes). 
(d) 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer: If the Call Option is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being applicable, the Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer (subject, in 
the case of Subordinated Notes, to Condition 11(g) (Regulatory conditions for call, redemption, 
repayment, repurchase or modification of Subordinated Notes) and, in the case of Senior Notes

--- Page 87 ---
10286974115-v8 
85 
47-41075393 
 
and Senior Non-Preferred Notes, to Condition 11(m) (Regulatory conditions for call, 
redemption, repayment, repurchase or modification of Senior Notes and Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes)) in whole or, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, in part on any Optional 
Redemption Date (Call) at the relevant Optional Redemption Amount (Call) on the Issuer's 
giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice to the Paying Agent, Euronext Securities 
Milan and, in accordance with Condition 19 (Notices), the Noteholders (which notices shall be 
irrevocable and shall oblige the Issuer to redeem the Notes in whole or, as the case may be, 
such part of the principal amount of the Notes as is specified in such notice on the relevant 
Optional Redemption Date (Call) at the Optional Redemption Amount (Call) plus accrued 
interest (if any) to such date). 
In the case of Senior Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes, the call option pursuant to this 
Condition 11(d) shall be subject to Condition 11(m) (Regulatory conditions for call, redemption, 
repayment, repurchase or modification of Senior Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes). 
In the case of Subordinated Notes, no call option in accordance with this Condition 11(d) may 
be exercised by the Issuer to redeem, in whole or in part, such Notes prior to the fifth 
anniversary of their Issue Date. Starting from the fifth anniversary of their Issue Date, the 
redemption pursuant to this Condition 11(d) shall be subject to Condition 11(g) (Regulatory 
conditions for call, redemption, repayment, repurchase or modification of Subordinated Notes). 
(e) 
Partial redemption: If the Notes are to be redeemed in part only on any date in accordance 
with Condition 11(d) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer), the Notes shall be redeemed in 
accordance with the rules of Euronext Securities Milan (to be reflected in the records of 
Euronext Securities Milan as a pro rata reduction in principal amount), subject to compliance 
with applicable laws and the rules of each competent authority, stock exchange and/or 
quotation system (if any) by which the Notes have then been admitted to listing, trading and/or 
quotation. If any Maximum Redemption Amount or Minimum Redemption Amount is specified 
in the relevant Final Terms, then the Optional Redemption Amount (Call) shall in no event be 
greater than the maximum or be less than the minimum so specified. 
(f) 
Redemption at the option of Noteholders: 
(i) 
Application: This Condition 11(f) (Redemption at the option of Noteholders) is 
applicable only if the Put Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable but, in any event, does not apply to Senior Non-Preferred Notes and 
Subordinated Notes. 
(ii) 
Put Options: The Issuer shall, at the option of the holder of any Note redeem such Note 
on the Optional Redemption Date (Put) at the relevant Optional Redemption Amount 
(Put) together with interest (if any) accrued to such date. In order to exercise the option 
contained in this Condition 11(f), the holder of a Note must, not less than 30 nor more 
than 60 days before the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Put), deliver to any Paying 
Agent a duly completed Put Option Notice in the form obtainable from any Paying 
Agent. Upon delivery of a Put Option Notice and up to and including the Optional 
Redemption Date (Put), no transfer of title to the Note(s) for which the Put Option Notice 
has been delivered will be allowed. At least 5 Business Days prior to the Optional 
Redemption Date (Put), the Issuer and the Paying Agent shall notify Euronext 
Securities Milan of the amount of Notes to be redeemed on the Optional Redemption 
Date (Put) and the aggregate Optional Redemption Amount (Put). 
(g) 
Regulatory conditions for call, redemption, repayment, repurchase or modification of 
Subordinated Notes: In the case of Subordinated Notes, any call, redemption, repayment or

--- Page 88 ---
10286974115-v8 
86 
47-41075393 
 
repurchase of such Notes in accordance with Conditions 11(b) (Redemption for tax reasons), 
11(c) (Redemption for regulatory reasons), 11(d) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer), 11(n) 
(Clean-up Redemption at the option of the Issuer) or 11(k) (Purchase), or any modification in 
accordance with Condition 17 (Meetings of Noteholders; Modification) is subject to compliance 
with the then applicable Banking Regulations, including: 
(i) 
the Issuer having obtained the prior permission of the Regulatory Authority in 
accordance with Articles 77 and 78 of the CRR, as amended or replaced from time to 
time, where either: 
(A) 
on or before such call, redemption, repayment or repurchase (as applicable), 
the Issuer replaces the Subordinated Notes with Own Funds Instruments of 
equal or higher quality at terms that are sustainable for its income capacity; or 
(B) 
the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Regulatory Authority that 
its Own Funds would, following such call, redemption, repayment or 
repurchase, exceed the capital requirements laid down in the Applicable 
Banking Regulations by a margin that the Regulatory Authority considers 
necessary; and 
(ii) 
in respect of a call, redemption repayment or repurchase prior to the fifth anniversary 
of the Issue Date of the relevant Subordinated Notes, if and to the extent required under 
Article 78(4) of the CRR or the Capital Instruments Regulation: 
(A) 
where applicable, the conditions set out in Conditions 11(b) (Redemption for 
tax reasons) and 11(c) (Redemption for regulatory reasons); or 
(B) 
on or before the relevant call, redemption, repayment or repurchase, the Issuer 
replaces the Notes with Own Funds Instruments of equal or higher quality at 
terms that are sustainable for income capacity of the Issuer and the Regulatory 
Authority has permitted that action on the basis of the determination that it 
would be beneficial from a prudential point of view and justified by exceptional 
circumstances; or 
(C) 
the Subordinated Notes are repurchased for market making purposes, 
subject in any event to any alternative or additional conditions or requirements as may 
be applicable from time to time under the Applicable Banking Regulations. 
The Regulatory Authority may grant a general prior permission, for a specified period which 
shall not exceed one year, to redeem or purchase (including for market making purposes) the 
Subordinated Notes, in the limit of a predetermined amount, which shall not exceed the lower 
of (i) 10 per cent. (or any other threshold as may be requested or required by the Regulatory 
Authority from time to time) of the aggregate principal amount of the relevant Subordinated 
Notes and (ii) 3 per cent. (or any other threshold as may be requested or required by the 
Regulatory Authority from time to time) of the outstanding aggregate principal amount of the 
Tier II Capital of the Issuer at the relevant time, subject to criteria that ensure that any such 
redemption or purchase will be in accordance with the conditions set out in paragraphs (i)(A) 
and (B) above. 
For the avoidance of doubt, any refusal of the Regulatory Authority to grant its permission in 
accordance with Article 78 of the CRR shall not constitute a default of the Issuer for any 
purposes. 
(h) 
Issuer call due to a MREL Disqualification Event

--- Page 89 ---
10286974115-v8 
87 
47-41075393 
 
(i) 
Application: this Condition 11(h) applies only to Notes specified in the applicable Final 
Terms as Senior Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes. 
(ii) 
If Issuer call due to MREL Disqualification Event is specified as being applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, then any Series of Senior Notes or Non-Preferred Notes may 
(subject to the provisions of Condition 11(m) (Regulatory conditions for call, 
redemption, repayment, repurchase or modification of Senior Notes and Senior Non-
Preferred Notes)) be redeemed on or after the Early Redemption Date at the option of 
the Issuer in whole, but not in part, on giving not less than the minimum period nor 
more than the maximum period of notice specified in the applicable Final Terms to the 
Paying Agent, Euronext Securities Milan and, in accordance with Condition 19 
(Notices), the Noteholders (which notices shall be irrevocable), if the Issuer determines 
that an MREL Disqualification Event has occurred and is continuing. 
(iii) 
Upon the expiry of any such notice as is referred to in this Condition, the Issuer shall 
be bound to redeem the Notes in accordance with this Condition. Notes redeemed 
pursuant to this Condition will be redeemed at their Early Redemption Amount 
described in the applicable Final Terms, together (if appropriate) with interest accrued 
to (but excluding) the date of redemption. 
(i) 
Early redemption of Zero Coupon Notes: Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, the Redemption Amount payable on redemption of a Zero Coupon Note at any time 
before the Maturity Date shall be an amount equal to the sum of: 
(i) 
the Reference Price; and 
(ii) 
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the Reference 
Price from (and including) the Issue Date to (but excluding) the date fixed for 
redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which the Note becomes due and 
payable. 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period which is not a whole number of years, the 
calculation in respect of the period of less than a full year shall be made on the basis of such 
Day Count Fraction as may be specified in the Final Terms for the purposes of this Condition 
11(i) or, if none is so specified, a Day Count Fraction of 30E/360. 
(j) 
No other redemption: The Issuer shall not be entitled to redeem the Notes otherwise than as 
provided in Conditions 11(a) (Scheduled redemption) to 11(i) (Early redemption of Zero Coupon 
Notes) above. 
(k) 
Purchase: The Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries may (but, in the case of Subordinated Notes, 
subject to Condition 11(g) (Regulatory conditions for call, redemption, repayment, repurchase 
or modification of Subordinated Notes) or, in the case of Senior Notes and Senior Non-
Preferred Notes, to Condition 11(m) (Regulatory conditions for call, redemption, repayment, 
repurchase or modification of Senior Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes)) at any time 
purchase Notes in the open market or otherwise and at any price. Except as otherwise required 
by the Applicable Banking Regulations and any other applicable laws or regulations, such Notes 
may be held, reissued, resold or, at the option of the Issuer, cancelled. 
(l) 
Cancellation: All Notes which, in accordance with this Condition 11, are (i) purchased and 
requested by the Issuer to be cancelled or (ii) redeemed, shall be cancelled and may not be 
reissued or resold. 
(m) 
Regulatory conditions for call, redemption, repayment, repurchase or modification of 
Senior Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes: Any call, redemption, repayment or

--- Page 90 ---
10286974115-v8 
88 
47-41075393 
 
repurchase in accordance with Conditions 11(b) (Redemption for tax reasons), 11(d) 
(Redemption at the option of the Issuer), 11(h) (Issuer call due to a MREL Disqualification 
Event), 11(n) (Clean-up Redemption at the option of the Issuer) or 11(k) (Purchase) or any 
modification in accordance with Condition 17 (Meetings of Noteholders; Modification) of Senior 
Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes is subject, to the extent such Senior Notes or Senior Non-
Preferred Notes qualify at such time as liabilities that are eligible to meet the MREL 
Requirements (Eligible Liabilities Instruments) or, in case of a redemption pursuant to Condition 
11(h) (Issuer call due to a MREL Disqualification Event), qualified as liabilities that are eligible 
to meet the MREL Requirements before the occurrence of the MREL Disqualification Event, to 
compliance with the then applicable Banking Regulations, including the condition that the Issuer 
has obtained the prior permission of the Regulatory Authority in accordance with Article 78a of 
the CRR, where one of the following conditions is met: 
(a) 
on or before such call, redemption, repayment or repurchase (as applicable), the Issuer 
replaces the Relevant Notes with Own Funds Instruments or Eligible Liabilities 
Instruments of equal or higher quality at terms that are sustainable for its income 
capacity; or 
(b) 
the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Regulatory Authority that its Own 
Funds and Eligible Liabilities would, following such call, redemption, repayment or 
repurchase, exceed the requirements for Own Funds and Eligible Liabilities laid down 
in the Applicable Banking Regulations by a margin that the Regulatory Authority 
considers necessary; or 
(c) 
the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Regulatory Authority that the 
partial or full replacement of the relevant notes with Own Funds Instruments is 
necessary to ensure compliance with the Own Funds requirements laid down in the 
Applicable Banking Regulations for continuing authorisation, 
subject in any event to any different conditions or requirements as may be applicable from time 
to time under the Applicable Banking Regulations. 
The Regulatory Authority may grant a general prior permission, for a specified period which 
shall not exceed one year, to redeem or purchase (including for market making purposes) 
Senior Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes, in the limit of a predetermined amount, subject to 
criteria that ensure that any such redemption or purchase will be in accordance with the 
conditions set out in sub-paragraphs (a) and (b) of the preceding paragraph. 
For the avoidance of doubt, any refusal of the Regulatory Authority to grant its permission in 
accordance with Article 78a of the CRR shall not constitute a default of the Issuer for any 
purposes. 
(n) 
Clean-up Redemption at the option of the Issuer: If a clean-up redemption option (the 
"Clean-Up Redemption Option") is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, and if 75% or 
any higher percentage specified in the relevant Final Terms (the "Clean-Up Percentage") of 
the initial aggregate principal amount of the Notes of the same Series (which, for the avoidance 
of doubt, includes any additional Notes issued pursued to Condition 18 (Further Issues)) have 
been redeemed or purchased by, or on behalf of, the Issuer and cancelled, the Issuer may at 
any time, at its option, and having given to the Paying Agent, Euronext Securities Milan and, in 
accordance with Condition 19 (Notices), the Noteholders not less than 5 nor more than 30 
calendar days' notice (the "Clean-Up Redemption Notice") (which notice shall be irrevocable 
and shall specify the date fixed for redemption), redeem such outstanding Notes, in whole but

--- Page 91 ---
10286974115-v8 
89 
47-41075393 
 
not in part, at their redemption amount specified in the Final Terms, together with accrued 
interest, on the date fixed for redemption identified in the Clean-Up Redemption Notice. 
Any redemption pursuant to this Condition 11(n) shall be subject to Conditions 11(g) 
(Regulatory conditions for call, redemption, repayment, repurchase or modification of 
Subordinated Notes) in the case of Subordinated Notes or 11(m) (Regulatory conditions for 
call, redemption, repayment, repurchase or modification of Senior Notes and Senior Non-
Preferred Notes) in the case of Senior Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes. 
12. 
Payments 
(a) 
Principal: Payment of principal and interest in respect of the Notes will be credited, according 
to the instructions of Euronext Securities Milan, by the Paying Agent to the accounts of the 
Euronext Securities Account Holders whose accounts with Euronext Securities Milan are 
credited with those Notes and thereafter credited by such Euronext Securities Account Holders 
to the accounts of the beneficial owners of those Notes or through Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg to the accounts with Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg of the beneficial 
owners of those Notes, in accordance with the rules and procedures of Euronext Securities 
Milan, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be. 
(b) 
Payments subject to fiscal laws: All payments in respect of the Notes are subject in all cases 
to: (i) any applicable fiscal or other laws and regulations in the place of payment, but without 
prejudice to the provisions of Condition 13 (Taxation); and (ii) any withholding or deduction 
required pursuant to an agreement described in section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue 
Code of 1986 or otherwise imposed pursuant to sections 1471 to 1474 of that Code, any 
regulations or arrangements thereunder, official interpretation thereof or any law implementing 
an inter-governmental approach thereto. No commissions or expenses shall be charged to the 
Noteholders for any payments in respect of the Notes. 
(c) 
Payments on business days: If the due date for payment of any amount in respect of any 
Note is not a Payment Business Day, the holder shall not be entitled to payment of the amount 
due until the next succeeding Payment Business Day and shall not be entitled to any further 
interest or other payment in respect of any such delay. 
13. 
Taxation 
(a) 
Gross up: All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes by or on behalf of the 
Issuer shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for or on account 
of, any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatsoever 
nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed or on behalf of the Republic of Italy or 
any political subdivision therein or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, unless 
the withholding or deduction of such taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges is 
required by law. In that event, the Issuer shall pay such additional amounts as will result in 
receipt by the Noteholders after such withholding or deduction of the amounts of principal (in 
the case of Senior Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes, solely to the extent that such 
amounts do not qualify at such time as liabilities that are eligible to meet the MREL 
Requirements) and interest (in the case of any Notes) as would have been received by them 
had no such withholding or deduction been required, except that no such additional amounts 
shall be payable in respect of any Note: 
(i) 
in the Republic of Italy; or 
(ii) 
by or on behalf of a holder which is liable to such taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental charges in respect of such Note by reason of its having some connection 
with the Republic of Italy other than the mere holding of such Note; or

--- Page 92 ---
10286974115-v8 
90 
47-41075393 
 
(iii) 
by a non-Italian resident entity or individual which is resident for tax purposes in a 
country which does not allow for a satisfactory exchange of information with the Italian 
tax authorities; or 
(iv) 
in relation to any payment or deduction on any interest, principal or other proceeds on 
account of Italian substitute tax (imposta sostitutiva) (at the then applicable rate) 
pursuant to (A) Legislative Decree No. 239 of 1 April 1996 and related implementing 
regulations, as amended, supplemented and/or replaced from time to time ("Decree 
No. 239") and (B) Legislative Decree No. 461 of 21 November 1997 and related 
implementing regulations, as amended, supplemented and/or replaced from time to 
time ("Legislative Decree No. 461"); or 
(v) 
in all circumstances in which the requirements and procedures set forth in Decree No. 
239 or Legislative Decree No. 461 in order to benefit from a tax exemption have not 
been met or complied with; or 
(vi) 
by or on behalf of a holder who would have been able to avoid such withholding or 
deduction by presenting the relevant Note to another Paying Agent in a Member State 
of the European Union; or 
(vii) 
more than 30 days after the Relevant Date except to the extent that the relevant holder 
would have been entitled to such additional amounts if it had presented such Note on 
the last day of such period of 30 days; or 
(viii) 
by or on behalf of a Noteholder who is entitled to avoid such deduction or withholding 
by making a declaration of residence or non-residence or other substantially similar 
claim but fails to do so; or 
(ix) 
in respect of Notes that are classified as atypical securities where such withholding or 
deduction is required pursuant to Law Decree No. 512 of 30 September 1983, as 
amended, supplemented and/or replaced from time to time. 
(b) 
Taxing jurisdiction: If the Issuer becomes subject at any time to any taxing jurisdiction other 
than the Republic of Italy, references in these Conditions to the Republic of Italy shall be 
construed as references to the Republic of Italy and/or such other jurisdiction. 
(c) 
FATCA: For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer will have no obligation to pay any additional 
amounts in respect of the Notes for any amounts required to be withheld or deducted pursuant 
to sections 1471 to 1474 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 if withholding or deduction 
is imposed under those rules. 
14. 
Events of Default 
(a) 
Application: This Condition 14 (Events of Default) is applicable to Senior Notes, Senior Non-
Preferred Notes and Subordinated Notes. 
(b) 
Enforcement: Without prejudice to Condition 14(c) (Events of Default), any holder of Notes may 
institute proceedings to enforce any obligation, condition or provision binding on the Issuer 
under such Notes provided that the Issuer shall not by virtue of any such proceedings, other 
than proceedings for the dissolution, liquidation or winding-up of the Issuer or any proceedings 
which under the laws of Italy have an analogous effect to any of the foregoing, be obliged to 
pay any sum or sums sooner than the same would otherwise have been payable by it. 
(c) 
Events of Default: If any of the following events occurs:

--- Page 93 ---
10286974115-v8 
91 
47-41075393 
 
(i) 
Winding-up etc: an order is made or an effective resolution is passed for the winding 
up, liquidation or dissolution of the Issuer (otherwise than for the purposes of or 
pursuant to an amalgamation, reorganisation or restructuring whilst solvent); or 
(ii) 
Analogous event: any event occurs which under the laws of Italy has an analogous 
effect to any of the events referred to in paragraph (i) (Winding-up etc.) above, 
then any Note may, by written notice addressed by the holder thereof to the Issuer and delivered 
to the Issuer or to the Specified Office of the Paying Agent, be declared immediately due and 
payable, whereupon it shall become immediately due and payable at its Early Termination 
Amount together with accrued interest (if any) without further action or formality. 
(d) 
No other remedy: Subject to applicable laws, no remedy against the Issuer (including the 
exercise of any right of set-off or any analogous event) other than as specifically provided under 
this Condition 14 (Events of Default) shall be available to holders of any of the Notes whether 
for the recovery of amounts owing in respect of the Notes or in respect of any breach by the 
Issuer of any of its obligations in relation to the Notes or otherwise. 
15. 
Prescription 
Claims for principal and interest shall become void unless made within ten years (in the case 
of principal) and five years (in the case of interest) of the appropriate Relevant Date. 
16. 
Agents 
The Issuer will act as initial paying agent for the Notes and the name of the Issuer will be 
included in the applicable Final Terms as Paying Agent for the Notes. 
The Issuer is entitled to terminate its role as Paying Agent for the Notes and appoint an 
additional or other Paying Agent, which shall be a reputable financial institution of good 
standing, in each case under the terms of an agency agreement in a form customary in the 
international capital markets, provided that there will at all times be a Paying Agent. The 
termination of its appointment as Paying Agent shall only take effect upon the appointment by 
the Issuer of a successor Paying Agent. 
The initial Calculation Agent (if any) is specified in the relevant Final Terms. The Issuer reserves 
the right at any time to vary or terminate the appointment of the Calculation Agent and to appoint 
a successor Calculation Agent; provided, however, that: if a Calculation Agent is specified in 
the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer shall at all times maintain a Calculation Agent. 
Notice of any change in any of the Paying Agents or in their Specified Offices shall promptly be 
given to the Noteholders. 
17. 
Meetings of Noteholders; Modification 
(a) 
Meetings of Noteholders: The Provisions for Meetings of Noteholders contains provisions for 
convening meetings of Noteholders to consider matters relating to the Notes, including the 
modification of any provision of these Conditions. Any such modification may be made if 
sanctioned by an Extraordinary Resolution. Such a meeting may be convened by the Issuer 
and shall be convened by it upon the request in writing of Noteholders holding not less than 
one-tenth of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes. The quorum at any 
meeting convened to vote on an Extraordinary Resolution will be one or more Persons holding 
or representing one more than half of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes 
or, at any adjourned meeting, one or more Persons being or representing Noteholders whatever 
the principal amount of the Notes held or represented; provided, however, that Reserved 
Matters may only be sanctioned by an Extraordinary Resolution passed at a meeting of

--- Page 94 ---
10286974115-v8 
92 
47-41075393 
 
Noteholders at which one or more Persons holding or representing not less than three-quarters 
or, at any adjourned meeting, one quarter of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding 
Notes form a quorum. Any Extraordinary Resolution duly passed at any such meeting shall be 
binding on all the Noteholders, whether present or not. 
In addition, a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of all Noteholders who for the time 
being are entitled to receive notice of a meeting of Noteholders will take effect as if it were an 
Extraordinary Resolution. Such a resolution in writing may be contained in one document or 
several documents in the same form, each signed by or on behalf of one or more Noteholders. 
(b) 
Modification: These Conditions may be amended without the consent of the Noteholders to 
correct a manifest error or where such modification is of a formal, minor or technical nature or 
is not materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders. 
In addition, (i) In the case of Senior Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes, if at any time a MREL 
Disqualification Event occurs or (ii) in the case of all Notes, either (A) if Variation for an 
Alignment Event is indicated as applicable in the relevant Final Terms and an Alignment Event 
occurs or (B) in order to ensure the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 23 (Contractual 
Recognition of Bail-in Powers), the Issuer may, subject to giving any notice required to be given 
to, and receiving any consent required from, the Regulatory Authority (without any requirement 
for the consent or approval of the holders of the relevant Notes of that Series) and having given 
not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice to the Paying Agent, Euronext Securities Milan 
and the holders of the Notes of that Series, at any time vary the terms of all and not some such 
Notes so that they remain or, as appropriate, become Qualifying Senior Notes, Qualifying 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Qualifying Subordinated Notes, as applicable, provided that 
such variation does not itself give rise to any right of the Issuer to redeem the varied securities. 
For the purposes of this Condition 17(b):  
"Qualifying Senior Non-Preferred Notes" means securities issued by the Issuer that: 
(i) 
other than in respect of the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 23 
(Contractual Recognition of Bail-in Powers), have terms not materially less favourable 
to a holder of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes (as reasonably determined by the Issuer) 
than the terms of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes, and they shall also (A) contain terms 
which at such time result in such securities being eligible to count towards fulfilment of 
the Issuer's and/or the Group's (as applicable) minimum requirements for Own Funds 
and Eligible Liabilities under the then applicable MREL Requirements; (B) include a 
ranking at least equal to that of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes; (C) have at least the 
same interest rate and the same Interest Payment Dates as those from time to time 
applying to the Senior Non-Preferred Notes; (D) have the same redemption rights as 
the Senior Non-Preferred Notes; and (E) are assigned (or maintain) the same or higher 
solicited credit ratings as were assigned to the Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
immediately prior to such variation; (F) continue to constitute legal, valid, binding and 
enforceable obligations of the Issuer as confirmed by a legal opinion addressed to the 
Issuer from a lawyer or firm of lawyers of recognised standing in the jurisdiction where 
the Issuer is incorporated, delivered to the Paying Agent which shall make it available 
to the Noteholders at its Specified Office; and 
(ii) 
are listed on a recognised stock exchange if the Senior Non-Preferred Notes were 
listed immediately prior to such variation; 
"Qualifying Senior Notes" means securities issued by the Issuer that:

--- Page 95 ---
10286974115-v8 
93 
47-41075393 
 
(i) 
other than in respect of the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 23 
(Contractual Recognition of Bail-in Powers), have terms not materially less favourable 
to a holder of the Senior Notes (as reasonably determined by the Issuer) than the terms 
of the Senior Notes, and they shall also (A) contain terms which at such time result in 
such securities being eligible to count towards fulfilment of the Issuer's and/or the 
Group's (as applicable) minimum requirements for Own Funds and Eligible Liabilities 
under the then applicable MREL Requirements; (B) include a ranking at least equal to 
that of the Senior Notes; (C) have at least the same interest rate and the same Interest 
Payment Dates as those from time to time applying to the Senior Notes; (D) have the 
same redemption rights as the Senior Notes; and (E) are assigned (or maintain) the 
same or higher solicited credit ratings as were assigned to the Senior Notes 
immediately prior to such variation; (F) continue to constitute legal, valid, binding and 
enforceable obligations of the Issuer as confirmed by a legal opinion addressed to the 
Issuer from a lawyer or firm of lawyers of recognised standing in the jurisdiction where 
the Issuer is incorporated, delivered to the Paying Agent which shall make it available 
to the Noteholders at its Specified Office; and 
(ii) 
are listed on a recognised stock exchange if the Senior Notes were listed immediately 
prior to such variation; and 
"Qualifying Subordinated Notes" means securities issued by the Issuer that: 
(i) 
other than in respect of the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 23 
(Contractual Recognition of Bail-in Powers), have terms not materially less favourable 
to a holder of the Subordinated Notes (as reasonably determined by the Issuer) than 
the terms of the Subordinated Notes, and they shall also (A) comply with the then 
current requirements of the Applicable Banking Regulations in relation to Tier II Capital; 
(B) include a ranking at least equal to that of the Subordinated Notes; (C) have at least 
the same interest rate and the same Interest Payment Dates as those from time to time 
applying to the Subordinated Notes; (D) have the same redemption rights as the 
Subordinated Notes; and (E) are assigned (or maintain) the same or higher solicited 
credit ratings as were assigned to the Subordinated Notes immediately prior to such 
variation; (F) continue to constitute legal, valid, binding and enforceable obligations of 
the Issuer as confirmed by a legal opinion addressed to the Issuer from a lawyer or firm 
of lawyers of recognised standing in the jurisdiction where the Issuer is incorporated, 
delivered to the Paying Agent which shall make it available to the Noteholders at its 
Specified Office; and 
(ii) 
are listed on a recognised stock exchange if the Subordinated Notes were listed 
immediately prior to such variation. 
Any variation of the Conditions to give effect to the Benchmark Amendments in accordance 
with Condition 9(j) shall not require the consent or approval of Noteholders. 
18. 
Further Issues 
The Issuer may from time to time, without the consent of the Noteholders, create and issue 
further notes having the same terms and conditions as the Notes in all respects (or in all 
respects except for the Issue Price, the Issue Date, the Interest Commencement Date and/or 
the first payment of interest) so as to form a single series with the Notes. 
19. 
Notices 
For so long as the Notes are held through Euronext Securities Milan, all notices regarding the 
Notes will be deemed to be validly given if published through the systems of Euronext Securities

--- Page 96 ---
10286974115-v8 
94 
47-41075393 
 
Milan, and (if and for so long as the Notes are admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange's regulated market and listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
and for so long as the rules of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange so require) either on the 
website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com) or in a daily newspaper of 
general circulation in Luxembourg. It is expected that any such publication in a newspaper will 
be made in the Luxemburger Wort or the Tageblatt. The Issuer shall also ensure that notices 
are duly published in a manner which complies with the rules of any other stock exchange or 
other relevant authority on which the Issuer has made application for the Notes to be listed or 
admitted to trading including publication on the website of the relevant stock exchange or 
relevant authority if required by those rules. Any such notice will be deemed to have been given 
on the date of the first publication or, where required to be published in more than one 
newspaper, on the date of the first publication in all required newspapers. 
Notices to be given by any Noteholder shall be in writing and given by lodging the same with 
the Paying Agent. 
20. 
Currency Indemnity 
If any sum due from the Issuer in respect of the Notes or any order or judgment given or made 
in relation thereto has to be converted from the currency (the "first currency") in which the 
same is payable under these Conditions or such order or judgment into another currency (the 
"second currency") for the purpose of (a) making or filing a claim or proof against the Issuer, 
(b) obtaining an order or judgment in any court or other tribunal or (c) enforcing any order or 
judgment given or made in relation to the Notes, the Issuer shall indemnify each Noteholder, 
on the written demand of such Noteholder addressed to the Issuer and delivered to the Issuer 
or to the Specified Office of the Paying Agent, against any loss suffered as a result of any 
discrepancy between (i) the rate of exchange used for such purpose to convert the sum in 
question from the first currency into the second currency and (ii) the rate or rates of exchange 
at which such Noteholder may in the ordinary course of business purchase the first currency 
with the second currency upon receipt of a sum paid to it in satisfaction, in whole or in part, of 
any such order, judgment, claim or proof. 
This indemnity constitutes a separate and independent obligation of the Issuer and shall give 
rise to a separate and independent cause of action. 
21. 
Rounding 
For the purposes of any calculations referred to in these Conditions (unless otherwise specified 
in these Conditions or the relevant Final Terms), (a) all percentages resulting from such 
calculations will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a 
percentage point (with 0.000005 per cent. being rounded up to 0.00001 per cent.), (b) all United 
States dollar amounts used in or resulting from such calculations will be rounded to the nearest 
cent (with one half cent being rounded up), (c) all Japanese Yen amounts used in or resulting 
from such calculations will be rounded downwards to the next lower whole Japanese Yen 
amount, and (d) all amounts denominated in any other currency used in or resulting from such 
calculations will be rounded to the nearest two decimal places in such currency, with 0.005 
being rounded upwards. 
22. 
Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
(a) 
Governing law: The Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection 
with the Notes, are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with Italian law. 
(b) 
Italian courts: The courts of Milan have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute (a "Dispute") 
arising out of or in connection with the Notes (including a dispute relating to the existence,

--- Page 97 ---
10286974115-v8 
95 
47-41075393 
 
validity or termination of the Notes or any non-contractual obligation arising out of or in 
connection with the Notes) or the consequences of their nullity. 
(c) 
Appropriate forum: The Issuer agrees that the courts of Milan are the most appropriate and 
convenient courts to settle any Dispute and, accordingly, that it will not argue to the contrary. 
(d) 
Rights of the Noteholders to take proceedings outside Italy: Condition 22(b) (Italian courts) 
is for the benefit of the Noteholders only. To the extent allowed by law, any Noteholder may 
take (i) proceedings relating to a Dispute ("Proceedings") in any other courts in any Permitted 
Jurisdiction and (ii) concurrent Proceedings in any number of Permitted Jurisdictions. 
23. 
Contractual Recognition of Bail-In Powers 
(a) 
By the acquisition of the Notes, each Noteholder acknowledges and agrees to be bound by the 
exercise of any Bail-in Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority that may result in the write-
down or cancellation of all or a portion of the principal amount of, or distributions on, the Notes 
and/or the conversion of all or a portion of the principal amount of, or distributions on, the Notes 
into ordinary shares or other obligations of the Issuer or another person, including by means of 
a variation to the terms of the Notes to give effect to the exercise by the Relevant Resolution 
Authority of such Bail-in Power. Each Noteholder further agrees that the rights of the 
Noteholders are subject to, and will be varied if necessary so as to give effect to, the exercise 
of any Bail-in Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority. 
(b) 
Upon the Issuer being informed or notified by the Relevant Resolution Authority of the actual 
exercise of the date from which the Bail-in Power is effective with respect to the Notes, the 
Issuer shall notify the Noteholders without delay. Any delay or failure by the Issuer to give notice 
shall not affect the validity and enforceability of the Bail-in Power nor the effects on the Notes 
described in this clause. 
(c) 
The exercise of the Bail-in Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority with respect to the Notes 
shall not constitute an Event of Default and the terms and conditions of the Notes shall continue 
to apply in relation to the residual principal amount of, or outstanding amount payable with 
respect to, the Notes subject to any modification of the amount of distributions payable to reflect 
the reduction of the principal amount, and any further modification of the terms that the Relevant 
Resolution Authority may decide in accordance with applicable laws and regulations relating to 
the resolution of credit institutions, investment firms and/or Group Entities incorporated in the 
relevant Member State. 
(d) 
Each Noteholder also acknowledges and agrees that this provision is exhaustive on the matters 
described herein to the exclusion of any other agreements, arrangements or understandings 
relating to the application of any Bail-in Power to the Notes. 
(e) 
As used in this Condition: 
"Bail-in Power" means any statutory write-down and/or conversion power existing from time to 
time under any laws, regulations, rules or requirements relating to the resolution of credit 
institutions, investment firms and/or Group Entities incorporated in the relevant Member State 
in effect and applicable in the relevant Member State to the Issuer or other Group Entities, 
including (but not limited to) any such laws, regulations, rules or requirements that are 
implemented, adopted or enacted within the context of any European Union directive or 
regulation of the European Parliament and of the Council establishing a framework for the 
recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms and/or within the context of a 
relevant Member State resolution regime or otherwise, pursuant to which liabilities of a credit 
institution, investment firm and/or any Group Entities can be reduced, cancelled and/or 
converted into shares or obligations of the obligor or any other person;

--- Page 98 ---
10286974115-v8 
96 
47-41075393 
 
"Group Entity" means the Issuer or any legal person that is part of the Group; 
"Relevant Resolution Authority" means the Italian resolution authority, the Single Resolution 
Board (SRB) established pursuant to the SRM Regulation and/or any other authority entitled to 
exercise or participate in the exercise of any Resolution Power or Bail-in Power from time to 
time; and 
"Resolution Power" means any statutory write-down, transfer and/or conversion power 
existing from time to time under any laws regulations, rules or requirements relating to the 
resolution of the Issuer or any other entities of the Group, including but not limited to any laws, 
regulations, rules or requirements implementing the BRRD and/or the SRM Regulation.

--- Page 99 ---
10286974115-v8 
97 
47-41075393 
 
APPENDIX 1 TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS 
PROVISIONS FOR MEETINGS OF NOTEHOLDERS 
1 
GENERAL 
Each Meeting of Noteholders of a specific Series of Notes under the Programme is governed 
by these Provisions for Meetings of Noteholders (the "Provisions for Meetings of 
Noteholders"). 
These Provisions for Meetings of Noteholders shall remain in force and effect until full 
repayment or cancellation of all the Notes issued under the Programme. 
The contents of these Provisions for Meetings of Noteholders are deemed to be an integral part 
of each Note issued by the Issuer from time to time under the Programme. 
The contents of these Provisions for Meetings of Noteholders are subject to any mandatory 
provisions of Italian law (including, without limitation, those set out in the Financial Services 
Act) and the Issuer's By-laws in force from time to time. 
2 
DEFINITIONS 
Unless otherwise provided in these Provisions for Meetings of Noteholders, any capitalised 
term shall have the meaning attributed to it in the Conditions. 
Any reference herein to an "Article" shall be a reference to an article of these Provisions for 
Meetings of Noteholders. Any reference herein to a "Series" of Notes shall be a reference, in 
the case of a Meeting of the Noteholders, to the Notes of the same Series issued under the 
Programme in relation to which the Meeting is convened. 
In these Provisions for Meetings of Noteholders, the terms below shall have the following 
meaning: 
"Block Voting Instruction" means, in relation to any Meeting, a document requested by any 
Noteholder and issued by the relevant Euronext Securities Account Holder, delivered to the 
Paying Agent: 
(a) 
certifying that certain specified Notes (the "Blocked Notes") are blocked in an account 
with the relevant Euronext Securities Account Holder and will not be released until the 
earlier of: 
(i) 
the conclusion of the Meeting; and 
(ii) 
the surrender to the Paying Agent, not less than 48 hours before the time fixed 
for the Meeting (or, if the Meeting has been adjourned, the time fixed for its 
resumption), of the receipt for the Blocked Notes and notification thereof by the 
Paying Agent to the Issuer; 
(b) 
certifying that the holder of each Blocked Note or a duly authorised person on its behalf 
has instructed that the votes attributable to such Blocked Note are to be cast in a 
particular way on each resolution to be put to the Meeting and that, during the period 
of 48 hours before the time fixed for the Meeting, such instructions may not be amended 
or revoked; 
(c) 
listing the total number of the Blocked Notes, distinguishing for each resolution between 
those in respect of which instructions have been given to vote for, or against, the 
resolution; and

--- Page 100 ---
10286974115-v8 
98 
47-41075393 
 
(d) 
authorising a named individual or individuals to vote in respect of the Blocked Notes in 
accordance with such instructions; 
"Chairman" means, in relation to any Meeting, the individual who takes the chair in accordance 
with paragraph 8 (Chairman); 
"Extraordinary Resolution" means a resolution passed at a Meeting duly convened and held 
in accordance with these Provisions for Meetings of Noteholders by a majority of not less than 
three quarters of the votes cast; 
"Meeting" means a meeting of Noteholders (whether originally convened or resumed following 
an adjournment); 
"Proxy" means, in relation to any Meeting, a person appointed to vote under a Block Voting 
Instruction other than: 
(a) 
any such person whose appointment has been revoked and in relation to whom the 
Paying Agent has been notified in writing of such revocation by the time which is 48 
hours before the time fixed for such Meeting; and 
(b) 
any such person appointed to vote at a Meeting which has been adjourned for want of 
a quorum and who has not been re-appointed to vote at the Meeting when it is resumed; 
"Relevant Fraction" means: 
(a) 
for all business other than voting on an Extraordinary Resolution, one tenth; 
(b) 
for voting on any Extraordinary Resolution other than one relating to a Reserved Matter, 
one more than half; and 
(c) 
for voting on any Extraordinary Resolution relating to a Reserved Matter, three 
quarters, 
provided, however, that, in the case of a Meeting which has resumed after adjournment for 
want of a quorum it means: 
(i) 
for all business other than voting on an Extraordinary Resolution relating to a Reserved 
Matter, the fraction of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes 
represented or held by the Voters actually present at the Meeting; and 
(ii) 
for voting on any Extraordinary Resolution relating to a Reserved Matter, one quarter; 
"Reserved Matter" means any proposal: 
(a) 
to change any date fixed for payment of principal or interest in respect of the Notes, to 
reduce or cancel the amount of principal or interest payable on any date in respect of 
the Notes or to alter the method of calculating the amount of any payment in respect of 
the Notes on redemption or maturity or the date for any such payment; 
(b) 
to effect the exchange or substitution of the Notes for, or the conversion of the Notes 
into, shares, bonds or other obligations or securities of the Issuer or any other person 
or body corporate formed or to be formed; 
(c) 
to change the currency in which amounts due in respect of the Notes are payable; 
(d) 
to change the quorum required at any Meeting or the majority required to pass an 
Extraordinary Resolution; or 
(e) 
to amend this definition;

--- Page 101 ---
10286974115-v8 
99 
47-41075393 
 
"Voter" means, in relation to any Meeting, the bearer of a Voting Certificate or a Proxy; 
"Voting Certificate" means, in relation to any Meeting, a certificate issued by the relevant 
Euronext Securities Account Holder in accordance with applicable laws and regulations, in 
which it is stated: 
(a) 
that certain specified Notes (the "Blocked Notes") have been blocked in an account 
with the relevant Euronext Securities Account Holder and will not be released until the 
earlier of: 
(i) 
the conclusion of the Meeting; and 
(ii) 
the surrender of such certificate to the relevant Euronext Securities Account 
Holder and the notification of release thereof to the Issuer; and 
(b) 
that the bearer of such certificate is entitled to attend and vote at the Meeting in respect 
of the Blocked Notes; 
"Written Resolution" means a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of holders of Notes 
who: 
(a) 
for the time being are entitled to receive notice of a Meeting in accordance with these 
Provisions for Meetings of Noteholders, and 
(b) 
hold Notes representing not less than two thirds of the aggregate outstanding principal 
amount of the Notes, 
whether contained in one document or several documents in the same form, each signed by or 
on behalf of one or more such holders of the Notes; 
"24 hours" means a period of 24 hours including all or part of a day upon which banks are open 
for business in both the places where the relevant Meeting is to be held and in each of the 
places where the Paying Agent have its Specified Offices (disregarding for this purpose the day 
upon which such Meeting is to be held) and such period shall be extended by one period or, to 
the extent necessary, more periods of 24 hours until there is included as aforesaid all or part of 
a day upon which banks are open for business as aforesaid; and 
"48 hours" means 2 consecutive periods of 24 hours. 
3 
ISSUE OF VOTING CERTIFICATES AND BLOCK VOTING INSTRUCTIONS 
The holder of a Note may obtain a Voting Certificate from the relevant Euronext Securities 
Account Holder or require the relevant Euronext Securities Account Holder to issue a Block 
Voting Instruction in respect of such Note, in each case not later than 48 hours before the time 
fixed for the relevant Meeting. A Voting Certificate or Block Voting Instruction shall be valid until 
the release of the Blocked Notes to which it relates. So long as a Voting Certificate or Block 
Voting Instruction is valid, the bearer thereof (in the case of a Voting Certificate) or any Proxy 
named therein (in the case of a Block Voting Instruction) shall be deemed to be the holder of 
the Notes to which it relates for all purposes in connection with the Meeting. A Voting Certificate 
and a Block Voting Instruction cannot be outstanding simultaneously in respect of the same 
Note. 
4 
REFERENCES TO DEPOSIT/RELEASE OF NOTES 
References to the blocking or release, of Notes shall be construed in accordance with the usual 
practices (including blocking the relevant account) of the relevant clearing system.

--- Page 102 ---
10286974115-v8 
100 
47-41075393 
 
5 
VALIDITY OF BLOCK VOTING INSTRUCTIONS 
A Block Voting Instruction shall be valid only if it is deposited at the Specified Office of the 
Paying Agent, or at some other place approved by the Paying Agent, at least 24 hours before 
the time fixed for the relevant Meeting or the Chairman decides otherwise before the Meeting 
proceeds to business. If the Paying Agent requires, a notarised copy of each Block Voting 
Instruction and satisfactory proof of the identity of each Proxy named therein shall be produced 
at the Meeting, but the Paying Agent shall not be obliged to investigate the validity of any Block 
Voting Instruction or the authority of any Proxy. 
6 
CONVENING OF MEETING 
The Issuer may convene a Meeting at any time, and shall be obliged to do so upon the request 
in writing of Noteholders holding not less than one tenth of the aggregate principal amount of 
the outstanding Notes. 
7 
NOTICE 
At least 21 days' notice (exclusive of the day on which the notice is given and of the day on 
which the relevant Meeting is to be held) specifying the date, time and place of the Meeting 
shall be given to the Noteholders and the Paying Agents (with a copy to the Issuer). The notice 
shall set out the full text of any resolutions to be proposed and shall state that the Notes may 
be blocked in an account with the relevant Euronext Securities Account Holder for the purpose 
of obtaining Voting Certificates or appointing Proxies not later than 48 hours before the time 
fixed for the Meeting. 
8 
CHAIRMAN 
An individual (who may, but need not, be a Noteholder) nominated in writing by the Issuer may 
take the chair at any Meeting but, if no such nomination is made or if the individual nominated 
is not present within 15 minutes after the time fixed for the Meeting, those present shall elect 
one of themselves to take the chair, failing which the Issuer may appoint a Chairman. The 
Chairman of an adjourned Meeting need not be the same person as was the Chairman of the 
original Meeting. 
9 
QUORUM 
The quorum at any Meeting shall be at least one Voter representing or holding not less than 
the Relevant Fraction of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes. 
10 
ADJOURNMENT FOR WANT OF QUORUM 
If within 15 minutes after the time fixed for any Meeting a quorum is not present, then: 
(a) 
in the case of a Meeting requested by Noteholders, it shall be dissolved; and 
(b) 
in the case of any other Meeting, it shall be adjourned for such period (which shall be 
not less than 14 days and not more than 42 days) and to such place as the Chairman 
determines; provided, however, that: 
(i) 
the Meeting shall be dissolved if the Issuer so decides; and 
(ii) 
no Meeting may be adjourned more than once for want of a quorum. 
11 
ADJOURNED MEETING 
The Chairman may, with the consent of (and shall if directed by) any Meeting, adjourn such 
Meeting from time to time and from place to place, but no business shall be transacted at any

--- Page 103 ---
10286974115-v8 
101 
47-41075393 
 
adjourned Meeting except business which might lawfully have been transacted at the Meeting 
from which the adjournment took place. 
12 
NOTICE FOLLOWING ADJOURNMENT 
Paragraph 7 (Notice) shall apply to any Meeting which is to be resumed after adjournment for 
want of a quorum save that: 
(a) 
10 days' notice (exclusive of the day on which the notice is given and of the day on 
which the Meeting is to be resumed) shall be sufficient; and 
(b) 
the notice shall specifically set out the quorum requirements which will apply when the 
Meeting resumes. 
It shall not be necessary to give notice of the resumption of a Meeting which has been adjourned 
for any other reason. 
13 
PARTICIPATION 
The following may attend and speak at a Meeting: 
(a) 
Voters; 
(b) 
representatives of the Issuer and the Paying Agent; 
(c) 
the financial advisers of the Issuer; 
(d) 
the legal counsel to the Issuer and the Paying Agent; and 
(e) 
any other person approved by the Meeting. 
14 
SHOW OF HANDS 
Every question submitted to a Meeting shall be decided in the first instance by a show of hands. 
Unless a poll is validly demanded before or at the time that the result is declared, the 
Chairman's declaration that on a show of hands a resolution has been passed, passed by a 
particular majority, rejected or rejected by a particular majority shall be conclusive, without proof 
of the number of votes cast for, or against, the resolution. Where there is only one Voter, this 
paragraph shall not apply and the resolution will immediately be decided by means of a poll. 
15 
POLL 
A demand for a poll shall be valid if it is made by the Chairman, the Issuer or one or more 
Voters representing or holding not less than one fiftieth of the aggregate principal amount of 
the outstanding Notes. The poll may be taken immediately or after such adjournment as the 
Chairman directs, but any poll demanded on the election of the Chairman or on any question 
of adjournment shall be taken at the Meeting without adjournment. A valid demand for a poll 
shall not prevent the continuation of the relevant Meeting for any other business as the 
Chairman directs. 
16 
VOTES 
Every Voter shall have: 
(a) 
on a show of hands, one vote; and 
(b) 
on a poll, the number of votes obtained by dividing that fraction of the aggregate 
principal amount of the outstanding Note(s) represented or held by him by the unit of 
currency in which the Notes are denominated.

--- Page 104 ---
10286974115-v8 
102 
47-41075393 
 
In the case of a voting tie the Chairman shall have a casting vote. 
Unless the terms of any Block Voting Instruction state otherwise, a Voter shall not be obliged 
to exercise all the votes to which he is entitled or to cast all the votes which he exercises in the 
same way. 
17 
VALIDITY OF VOTES BY PROXIES 
Any vote by a Proxy in accordance with the relevant Block Voting Instruction shall be valid even 
if such Block Voting Instruction or any instruction pursuant to which it was given has been 
amended or revoked, provided that the Paying Agent has not been notified in writing of such 
amendment or revocation by the time which is 48 hours before the time fixed for the relevant 
Meeting. Unless revoked, any appointment of a Proxy under a Block Voting Instruction in 
relation to a Meeting shall remain in force in relation to any resumption of such Meeting following 
an adjournment; provided, however, that, unless the Block Voting Instructions specify 
otherwise, no such appointment of a Proxy in relation to a Meeting originally convened which 
has been adjourned for want of a quorum shall remain in force in relation to such Meeting when 
it is resumed and any person appointed to vote at such a Meeting must be re-appointed under 
a further Block Voting Instruction to vote at the Meeting when it is resumed. 
18 
POWERS 
A Meeting shall have power (exercisable by Extraordinary Resolution), without prejudice to any 
other powers conferred on it or any other person: 
(a) 
to approve any Reserved Matter; 
(b) 
to approve any proposal by the Issuer for any modification, abrogation, variation or 
compromise of any of the Conditions or any arrangement in respect of the obligations 
of the Issuer under or in respect of the Notes; 
(c) 
to approve the substitution of any person for the Issuer (or any previous substitute) as 
principal obligor under the Notes; 
(d) 
to waive any breach or authorise any proposed breach by the Issuer of its obligations 
under or in respect of the Notes or any act or omission which might otherwise constitute 
an event of default under the Notes; 
(e) 
to authorise the Paying Agent or any other person to execute all documents and do all 
things necessary to give effect to any Extraordinary Resolution; 
(f) 
to give any other authorisation or approval which is required to be given by 
Extraordinary Resolution; and 
(g) 
to appoint any persons as a committee to represent the interests of the Noteholders 
and to confer upon such committee any powers which the Noteholders could 
themselves exercise by Extraordinary Resolution. 
19 
EXTRAORDINARY RESOLUTION BINDS ALL HOLDERS 
An Extraordinary Resolution shall be binding upon all Noteholders whether or not present at 
such Meeting and each of the Noteholders shall be bound to give effect to it accordingly. Notice 
of the result of every vote on an Extraordinary Resolution shall be given to the Noteholders and 
the Paying Agents (with a copy to the Issuer) within 14 days of the conclusion of the Meeting.

--- Page 105 ---
10286974115-v8 
103 
47-41075393 
 
20 
MINUTES 
Minutes shall be made of all resolutions and proceedings at each Meeting. The Chairman shall 
sign the minutes, which shall be prima facie evidence of the proceedings recorded therein. 
Unless and until the contrary is proved, every such Meeting in respect of the proceedings of 
which minutes have been summarised and signed shall be deemed to have been duly 
convened and held and all resolutions passed or proceedings transacted at it to have been duly 
passed and transacted. 
21 
WRITTEN RESOLUTION 
A Written Resolution shall take effect as if it were an Extraordinary Resolution and will be 
binding on all Noteholders from the date on which notice of the passing of such Written 
Resolution is given to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 19 (Notices), whether or not 
any such Noteholder participated in the signing of such Written Resolution.

--- Page 106 ---
10286974115-v8 
104 
47-41075393 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
The Final Terms in respect of each Tranche of Notes will be substantially in the following form, duly 
completed to reflect the particular terms of the relevant Notes and their issue. Unless otherwise 
specified, the term "Terms and Conditions" or "Conditions" shall refer to the Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes and any reference to a "Condition" shall be to a Condition under the Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes. 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a 
person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 
2014/65/EU (as amended, "EU MiFID II"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 
2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 
4(1) of EU MiFID II. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 (the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the EU PRIIPs 
Regulation.] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who 
is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 
as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); 
(ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made 
under the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the "FSMA") to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, 
where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently 
no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic 
law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling 
the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under 
the UK PRIIPs Regulation.] 
EU MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS ONLY TARGET 
MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the 
Notes is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU 
(as amended, "EU MiFID II")][MiFID II]; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target 
market assessment; however, a distributor subject to EU MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own 
target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] 
target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
[UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS ONLY TARGET 
MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the 
Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook, 
and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic 
law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("UK MiFIR"); and (ii) all channels for

--- Page 107 ---
10286974115-v8 
105 
47-41075393 
 
distribution of the [Notes] to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider 
any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the [Notes] (a 
"distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; 
however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance 
Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target 
market assessment in respect of the [Notes] (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target 
market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels] 
OR 
[EU MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / RETAIL INVESTORS, PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND 
ECPS TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval 
process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the 
target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties, professional clients and retail clients, each as 
defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "EU MiFID II")][MiFID II]; EITHER [and (ii) all channels 
for distribution of the Notes are appropriate[, including investment advice, portfolio management, non-
advised sales and pure execution services]] OR [(ii) all channels for distribution to eligible counterparties 
and professional clients are appropriate; and (iii) the following channels for distribution of the Notes to 
retail clients are appropriate – investment advice[,/ and] portfolio management[,/ and][ non-advised 
sales ][and pure execution services][, subject to the distributor's suitability and appropriateness 
obligations under MiFID II, as applicable]]. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration 
the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to EU MiFID II is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting 
or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels[, subject to the distributor's suitability and appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as 
applicable].]] 
[UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / RETAIL INVESTORS, PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND 
ECPS TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval 
process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the 
target market for the Notes is retail clients, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 
2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
("EUWA"), and eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business 
Sourcebook ("COBS"), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA ("UK MiFIR"); EITHER [and (ii) all channels for distribution 
of the Notes are appropriate, including investment advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales 
and pure execution services] OR [(ii) all channels for distribution to eligible counterparties and 
professional clients are appropriate; and (iii) the following channels for distribution of the Notes to retail 
clients are appropriate - investment advice[,/ and] portfolio management[,/ and][ non-advised sales 
][and pure execution services][, subject to the distributor's suitability and appropriateness obligations 
under COBS, as applicable]]. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, 
selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] 
target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention 
and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels[, 
subject to the distributor's suitability and appropriateness obligations under COBS, as applicable].]]

--- Page 108 ---
10286974115-v8 
106 
47-41075393 
 
Final Terms dated [•] 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) 529900N2ZB1B52JB2F83 
CASSA CENTRALE RAIFFEISEN DELL'ALTO ADIGE S.p.A. 
Issue of [Aggregate Principal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the 
€750,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes] (the "Conditions") set forth in the base prospectus dated 24 July 2024 (the "Base 
Prospectus") [and the supplement[s] to the Base Prospectus dated [date] [and [date]], which [together] 
constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "Prospectus 
Regulation"). This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes 
of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus in order to 
obtain all the relevant information.] 
The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was 
issued under the previous base prospectus and the relevant terms and conditions from that base 
prospectus with an earlier date were incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes (the "Conditions") in the base prospectus dated 10 August 2023. These Final Terms 
contain the final terms of the Notes and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated 
24 July 2024 (the "Base Prospectus") [and the supplement[s] to the Base Prospectus dated [date]] 
which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation, save in 
respect of the Conditions which are set forth in the base prospectus dated 10 August 2023 and are 
incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus. This document constitutes the Final Terms relating 
to the issue of Notes described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation.] 
[A summary of the individual issue is annexed to these Final Terms.] 
Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination 
of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus [and the supplement[s] dated [•]]. The Base Prospectus 
[and the supplement[s]] [is/are] available for viewing at the registered office[s] of the Issuer at Via Laurin 
1 39100 Bolzano, Italy, during usual business hours and free of charge. The Base Prospectus [and the 
supplement] and, in the case of Notes admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange, these Final Terms will also be published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange (www.luxse.com). 
(Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable" (N/A). Note that the numbering 
should remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs or 
sub-paragraphs. Italics denote guidance for completing the Final Terms.) 
(When completing any final terms, consideration should be given as to whether such terms or 
information constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to 
the Base Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.) 
1. 
(i) 
Series Number: 
 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
 
[•]

--- Page 109 ---
10286974115-v8 
107 
47-41075393 
 
2. 
If the Notes are fungible with an existing 
Series: 
 
 
 
(i) 
Details of existing Series: 
 
[The Notes are to be consolidated and form a 
single Series with [identify earlier Tranches] issued 
by the Issuer on [issue dates of earlier Tranches] 
(the "Existing Notes") / Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Date on which the Notes will be 
consolidated and form a single 
Series: 
 
[Issue Date / Not Applicable] 
3. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
 
[•] 
4. 
Aggregate Principal Amount: 
 
 
 
(i) 
Series: 
 
[Up to] [•] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche: 
 
[Up to] [•] 
 
 
 
[The Aggregate Principal Amount will not exceed 
[•] and will be determined at the end of the Offer 
Period (as defined in paragraph 9 of Part B below) 
[provided that, during the Offer Period the Issuer 
will be entitled to increase the Aggregate Principal 
Amount.]] 
5. 
Issue Price: 
 
[•] per cent. of the Aggregate Principal Amount 
[plus accrued interest from [insert date] (if 
applicable)] 
6. 
(i) 
Specified Denominations: 
(as referred to in Condition 3 
(Form, Denomination and Title)) 
 
[•] [and integral multiples of [•] in excess thereof up 
to and including [•]. No Notes in definitive form will 
be issued with a denomination above [•]]. 
(In the case of Senior Non-Preferred Notes, Notes 
must have a minimum denomination of €150,000 
(or equivalent); in the case of Subordinated Notes, 
Notes must have a minimum denomination of 
€200,000 (or equivalent); and in the case of Senior 
Notes, Notes must have a minimum denomination 
of €1,000 (or equivalent), or, in each case, such 
other 
minimum 
denomination 
provided 
by 
applicable law from time to time) 
 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
(as referred to in Conditions 8(d) 
(Calculation of Interest Amount) 
and 9(f) (Calculation of Interest 
Amount)) 
 
[•] 
(If only one Specified Denomination, insert the 
Specified Denomination. If more than one 
Specified 
Denomination, 
insert 
the 
highest 
common factor. There must be a common factor in 
the case of two or more Specified Denominations.) 
7. 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
 
[•]

--- Page 110 ---
10286974115-v8 
108 
47-41075393 
 
 
(ii) 
Interest Commencement Date (if 
different from the Issue Date): 
 
[Specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
8. 
Maturity Date: 
 
[The Interest Payment Date] [•] (For Floating Rate 
Notes, specify the relevant month and year. 
Otherwise, specify a date.) 
 
 
 
(Subordinated Notes must have a minimum 
maturity of five years and Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes must have a minimum maturity of twelve 
months.) 
 
 
 
(If the Maturity Date is less than one year from the 
Issue Date and either (a) the issue proceeds are 
received by the Issuer in the United Kingdom or (b) 
the activity of issuing the Notes is carried on from 
an establishment maintained by the Issuer in the 
United Kingdom, (i) the Notes must have a 
minimum redemption value of £100,000 (or its 
equivalent in other currencies) and be sold only to 
"professional investors" or (ii) another applicable 
exemption from section 19 of the Financial 
Services and Markets Act 2000 must be available.) 
9. 
Interest Basis: 
(as referred to in Conditions 8 (Fixed Rate 
Note Provisions), 9 (Floating Rate Note 
Provisions) and 10 (Zero Coupon Note 
Provisions)) 
 
[[•] per cent Fixed Rate [subject to resetting on 
[the / each] Reset Date]] / 
[[Specify Reference Rate] +/- [•] per cent Floating 
Rate] / 
[Fixed to Floating Rate Note Provisions] / 
[Floating to Fixed Rate Note Provisions] / 
[Zero Coupon] 
(further 
particulars 
specified 
in 
paragraph 
[14/15/16/17/18] below) 
10. 
Change of Interest Basis: 
 
[Applicable (see paragraph [14 (Fixed to Floating 
Rate Note Provisions) / 15 (Floating to Fixed Rate 
Note Provisions)] / Not Applicable)] 
11. 
Redemption/Payment Basis 
 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the 
Maturity Date at [[•]/[100]] per cent. of their 
principal amount. 
12. 
Put/Call Options: 
(as referred to in Conditions 11(c) 
(Redemption for regulatory reasons) to 
(h) 
(Issuer 
call 
due 
to 
a 
MREL 
Disqualification Event)) and Condition 
11(n) (Clean-up Redemption at the option 
of the Issuer) 
 
[Investor Put 
(further particulars specified in paragraph 21 
below)] / 
[Issuer Call 
(further particulars specified in paragraph 19 
below)] / 
[Redemption for regulatory reasons 
(further particulars specified in paragraph 20 
below)]

--- Page 111 ---
10286974115-v8 
109 
47-41075393 
 
[Issuer call due to MREL Disqualification Event 
(further particulars specified in paragraph 22 
below)] 
[Clean-up Redemption at the option of the Issuer 
(further particulars specified in paragraph 23 
below)] 
[Not Applicable] 
13. 
Status of the Notes: 
 
[Senior/ Senior Non-Preferred/ Subordinated] 
Notes 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
14. 
Fixed to Floating Rate Note Provisions 
(as referred to in Condition 7(b) 
(Fixed to Floating Rate Note Provisions)) 
 
[Applicable. See also paragraphs 16 (Fixed Rate 
Note Provisions) and 17 (Floating Rate Note 
Provisions) / Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Switch Option: 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Switch Option Exercise Period: 
 
[(Insert start and end dates or specify maximum 
and minimum number of days prior to Switch Date. 
The end date must be at least 15 days prior to the 
Switch Date) / Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Switch Date(s): 
 
[Subject to exercise of the Switch Option,] [•] 
(Delete the reference to the Switch Option if sub-
paragraph (i) above is not applicable) 
15. 
Floating to Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
(as referred to in Condition 7(c) 
(Floating to Fixed Rate Note Provisions)) 
 
[Applicable. See also paragraphs 16 (Fixed Rate 
Note Provisions) and 17 (Floating Rate Note 
Provisions) / Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Switch Option: 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Switch Option Exercise Period: 
 
[(Insert start and end dates or specify maximum 
and minimum number of days prior to Switch Date. 
The end date must be at least 15 days prior to the 
Switch Date) / Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Switch Date(s): 
 
[Subject to exercise of the Switch Option,] [•] 
(Delete the reference to the Switch Option if sub-
paragraph (i) above is not applicable) 
16. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
(as referred to in Condition 8 
(Fixed Rate Note Provisions)) 
 
[Applicable / [Applicable in respect of the Fixed 
Rate Interest Period[s] (Only use this wording if the 
Fixed to Floating or Floating to Fixed Rate Note 
Provisions apply)] / Not Applicable]

--- Page 112 ---
10286974115-v8 
110 
47-41075393 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
 
[•] per cent. per annum [payable [annually/semi-
annually/quarterly/monthly] in arrear, subject to 
resetting on [the / each] Reset Date] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
 
[•] in each year [adjusted in accordance with the 
Business Day Convention] (N.B. This will need to 
be amended in the case of any long or short 
coupons.) 
 
(iii) 
Business Day Convention: 
 
[Floating Rate Convention/FRN Convention/ 
Eurodollar Convention/ 
Following Business Day Convention/ 
Modified Following Business Day Convention/ 
Preceding Business Day Convention/ 
No adjustment] 
 
(iv) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
 
[Not Applicable / Applicable (indicate relevant 
city/cities)] 
 
(v) 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s): 
 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
(vi) 
Broken Amount(s): 
 
[[•] per Calculation Amount, payable on [the 
Interest 
Payment 
Date 
falling 
in] 
[•] /  
Not Applicable] 
 
(vii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)]/ 
[Actual/365]/[Actual/Actual (ISDA)]/ 
[Actual/365(Fixed)]/ 
[Actual/360]/ 
[30/360]/[360/360]/[Bond Basis]/ 
[30E/360]/[Eurobond Basis]/ 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
 
(viii) 
Fixed note resetting provisions:  
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining text of this 
sub-paragraph (vii)) 
 
– Reset Date(s): 
 
[•] 
 
– Mid-Swap Rate: 
 
[Single Mid-Swap Rate / Mean Mid-Swap Rate] 
 
– Mid-Swap Maturity: 
 
[•] 
 
– Relevant Screen Page: 
 
[•] 
 
– Margin(s): 
 
[+/-][•] per cent. per annum 
 
– Reference Rate: 
 
[Specify reference rate. For example, EURIBOR] 
17. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
(as referred to in Condition 9 (Floating 
Rate Note Provisions)) 
 
[Applicable / [Applicable in respect of the Floating 
Rate Interest Period[s] (Only use this wording if the 
Fixed to Floating or Floating to Fixed Rate Note 
Provisions apply)] / Not Applicable]

--- Page 113 ---
10286974115-v8 
111 
47-41075393 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph.) 
 
(i) 
Specified Period(s): 
 
[Not Applicable / (Specify period)] 
("Specified Period" and "Interest Payment Dates" 
are alternatives. A Specified Period, rather than 
Interest Payment Dates, will only be relevant if the 
Business Day Convention is the FRN Convention, 
Floating 
Rate 
Convention 
or 
Eurodollar 
Convention. Otherwise, insert "Not Applicable") 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Dates: 
 
[Not Applicable / (Specify dates)] 
("Specified Period" and "Interest Payment Dates" 
are alternatives. If the Business Day Convention is 
the FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or 
Eurodollar Convention, insert "Not Applicable". 
Otherwise, specify the dates.) 
 
(iii) 
Business Day Convention: 
 
[Floating Rate Convention/FRN Convention/ 
Eurodollar Convention/ 
Following Business Day Convention/ 
Modified Following Business Day Convention/ 
Preceding Business Day Convention/ 
No adjustment] 
 
(iv) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
 
[Not Applicable / Applicable (indicate relevant 
city/cities)] 
 
(v) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest is/are to be determined: 
 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination] 
 
(vi) 
Party responsible for calculating 
the Rate(s) of Interest and 
Interest Amount(s) (if not the 
Paying Agent): 
 
[[Name] shall be the Calculation Agent / Not 
Applicable] 
(Specify "Not Applicable" if the Paying Agent is to 
perform this function) 
 
(vii) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
 
[Applicable 
/ 
Not 
Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining text of this 
sub-paragraph (vii).) 
 
– Reference Rate: 
 
[Specify reference rate. For example, EURIBOR or 
CMS Rate] 
 
– Relevant Screen Page: 
 
[Specify screen page. For example, Reuters page 
EURIBOR01] 
(Where the CMS Rate is the Reference Rate, 
specify relevant screen page and any applicable 
headings and captions) 
 
– Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
 
[•] 
(Where the CMS Rate is the Reference Rate and 
the Reference Currency is euro): [Second day on

--- Page 114 ---
10286974115-v8 
112 
47-41075393 
 
which the T2 System is open prior to the start of 
each Interest Period] 
(Where the CMS Rate is the Reference Rate and 
the Reference Currency is other than euro): 
[Second [specify type of day] prior to the start of 
each Interest Period] 
 
– Relevant Time: 
 
[For example, 11.00 a.m. London time/Brussels 
time] 
 
– Relevant Financial Centre: 
 
[For example, London/Euro-zone (where Euro-
zone means the region comprised of the countries 
whose lawful currency is the euro)] 
 
– [Reference Currency:] 
(only relevant where the CMS 
Rate is the Reference Rate) 
 
[•] 
 
– [Designated Maturity:] 
(only relevant where the CMS 
Rate is the Reference Rate) 
 
[•] 
 
– [Provisions relating to the 
occurrence of a Regulatory 
Event in case of a Benchmark 
Event:] 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(viii) 
ISDA Determination: 
 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining text of this 
sub-paragraph (viii).) 
 
– ISDA Definitions: 
 
[2006 ISDA Definitions / 2021 ISDA Definitions] 
 
– Floating Rate Option: 
 
[•] (The Floating Rate Option should be selected 
from one of EUR-EURIBOR-Reuters (if 2006 ISDA 
Definitions apply) and EUR-EURIBOR (if 2021 
ISDA Definitions apply) (each as defined in the 
ISDA 
Definitions). 
These 
are 
the 
options 
envisaged by the terms and conditions.) 
 
– Designated Maturity: 
 
[•] 
 
– Reset Date: 
 
[•]/[as specified in the ISDA Definitions]/[the first 
day of the relevant Interest Period, subject to 
adjustment in accordance with the Business Day 
Convention set out in (ii) above and as specified in 
the ISDA Definitions] 
 
– ISDA 
Benchmarks 
Supplement: 
 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
 
(ix) 
Margin(s): 
 
[+/-][•] per cent. per annum 
 
(x) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
 
[Not Applicable]/[•] per cent. per annum 
 
(xi) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
 
[Not Applicable]/[•] per cent. per annum

--- Page 115 ---
10286974115-v8 
113 
47-41075393 
 
 
(xii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
 
[30E/360]/[Eurobond Basis]/ 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)]/ 
[Actual/365]/[Actual/Actual (ISDA)]/ 
[Actual/365(Fixed)]/ 
[Actual/360]/ 
[30/360]/[360/360]/[Bond Basis]/ 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
18. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
(as referred to in Condition 10 (Zero 
Coupon Note Provisions)) 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
[Amortisation/Accrual] Yield: 
 
[•] per cent. per annum 
 
(ii) 
Reference Price: 
 
[•] 
 
(iii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)]/ 
[Actual/365]/[Actual/Actual (ISDA)]/ 
[Actual/365(Fixed)]/ 
[Actual/360]/ 
[30/360]/[360/360]/[Bond Basis]/ 
[30E/360]/[Eurobond Basis]/ 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
19. 
Call Option 
(as referred to in Condition 11(d) 
(Redemption at the option of the Issuer)) 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Date(s) 
(Call): 
 
[•] 
(If the Notes are Subordinated Notes, the Optional 
Redemption Date (Call) must not be earlier than 
five years after the Issue Date.) 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) 
(Call) and method, if any, of 
calculation of such amount(s): 
 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iii) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
 
 
(a) 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
(b) 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
20. 
Regulatory Call 
(as referred to in Condition 11(c) 
(Redemption for regulatory reasons)) 
 
[Condition 11(c) is applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes are not Subordinated Notes, insert 
"Not Applicable".)

--- Page 116 ---
10286974115-v8 
114 
47-41075393 
 
21. 
Put Option 
(as 
referred 
to 
in 
Condition 
11(f) 
(Redemption 
at 
the 
option 
of 
Noteholders)) 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes are Subordinated Notes, insert "Not 
Applicable". If not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph.) 
 
(i) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Date(s) 
(Put): 
 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) 
(Put) and method, if any, of 
calculation of such amount(s): 
 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
22. 
Issuer 
call 
due 
to 
MREL 
Disqualification Event: 
 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(Only relevant in the case of Senior Notes and 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes) 
 
(i) 
Notice period for Condition 11(h) 
(Issuer call due to a MREL 
Disqualification Event): 
 
[Minimum period: [•] days 
Maximum period: [•] days] 
(Please consider that not less than the minimum 
period nor more than maximum period of notice 
has to be sent to the Paying Agent and, in 
accordance with Condition 19 (Notices), the 
Noteholders) 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of distribution 
of information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems and custodians, as well as any 
other notice requirements which may apply, for 
example, as between the Issuer and the Agent) 
 
(ii) 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount 
payable on redemption upon the 
occurrence 
of 
a 
MREL 
Disqualification 
Event 
as 
contemplated by Condition 11(h) 
(Issuer call due to a MREL 
Disqualification Event): 
 
[•] per Calculation Amount/[•] 
23. 
Clean-up Redemption at the option of 
the Issuer 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Clean-Up Percentage 
 
[75 per cent. / [•] per cent.] 
 
(ii) 
Redemption 
amount 
and 
method, if any, of calculation of 
such amount(s): 
 
[•] per Calculation Amount / [•] 
24. 
Early Redemption Amount / Early Termination Amount 
 
Early Redemption Amount(s) of each 
Note payable on redemption for taxation 
 
[Not Applicable / [•] per Calculation Amount]

--- Page 117 ---
10286974115-v8 
115 
47-41075393 
 
or 
regulatory 
reasons 
or 
Early 
Termination Amount on event of default 
and/or the method of calculating the 
same (if required or if different from that 
set out in the Conditions): 
(as referred to in Conditions 11(b) 
(Redemption for tax reasons) and (c) 
(Redemption for regulatory reasons) and 
14 (Events of Default)) 
(Select "Not Applicable" if the Early Redemption 
Amount (Tax), the Early Redemption Amount 
(Regulatory Event) and the Early Termination 
Amount are the principal amount of the Notes. 
Otherwise, specify the Early Redemption Amount 
(Tax) 
and/or 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount 
(Regulatory Event) and/or the Early Termination 
Amount if different from the principal amount of the 
Notes) 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
25. 
Form of Notes: 
(as referred to in ["Form of the Notes" on 
pages [•] to [•] of the Base Prospectus]) 
 
Dematerialised Notes held by Euronext Securities 
Milan on behalf of the beneficial owners, until 
redemption or cancellation thereof, for the account 
of the relevant Euronext Securities Account 
Holders 
26. 
Additional Financial Centre(s) or other 
special provisions relating to Payment 
Dates: 
(as referred to in the definition of 
"Payment Business Day" in Condition 
2(a) (Definitions) and 
described 
in 
Condition 12(c) (Payments on business 
days)) 
 
[Not Applicable/indicate relevant city/cities] 
(Note that this item relates to the date and place of 
payment, and not interest period end dates, to 
which items 16(iv) and 17(iv) relate.) 
27. 
Variation for an Alignment Event 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
 
By: 
………………………………………………... 
Duly authorised

--- Page 118 ---
10286974115-v8 
116 
47-41075393 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
 
(i) 
Listing: 
 
[Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange /  
[•] (specify other place of listing) /  
Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Admission to trading: 
 
[Application [has been/is expected to be] made for the 
Notes to be admitted to trading on the [regulated market 
of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange / [•] (specify other 
securities market)] with effect from [•]] / [Not Applicable.] 
[The Existing Notes are already admitted to trading on 
the [regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange / [•]] (specify other securities market).] (Insert 
wording in this second sub-paragraph only if the Notes 
are fungible with an existing Series and are admitted to 
trading on a securities market.) 
 
(iii) 
Estimate of total expenses 
related 
to 
admission 
to 
trading: 
 
[Specify amount] / [Not Applicable] (Specify "Not 
Applicable" only if the Notes are not being admitted to 
trading on any EEA regulated market.) 
 
(iv) 
Trade Date: 
 
[•] 
2. 
RATINGS 
 
Ratings: 
 
The Notes to be issued [[have been]/[are expected]/[are 
not expected]] to be rated: 
[Moody's: [•]] 
[Other: [•]] 
(Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning of 
the ratings if this has previously been published by the 
rating provider.) 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating allocated 
to Notes of the type being issued under the Programme 
generally or, where the issue has been specifically 
rated, that rating.) 
Option 1 - CRA established in the EEA and 
registered under the CRA Regulation 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is established in the EEA and 
registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as 
amended (the "CRA Regulation"). [[Insert legal name 
of particular credit rating agency entity providing rating] 
appears on the latest update of the list of registered 
credit rating agencies (as of [insert date of most recent 
list]) 
on 
the 
ESMA 
website 
http://www.esma.europa.eu.].

--- Page 119 ---
10286974115-v8 
117 
47-41075393 
 
Option 2 - CRA established in the EEA, not 
registered under the CRA Regulation but has 
applied for registration 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is established in the EEA and has 
applied for registration under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009, as amended (the "CRA Regulation"), 
although notification of the corresponding registration 
decision has not yet been provided by the [relevant 
competent authority] /[European Securities and Markets 
Authority]. [[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] appears on the latest 
update of the list of registered credit rating agencies (as 
of [insert date of most recent list]) on the ESMA website 
http://www.esma.europa.eu.].  
Option 3 - CRA established in the EEA, not 
registered under the CRA Regulation and not 
applied for registration  
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is established in the EEA and is 
neither registered nor has it applied for registration 
under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended (the 
"CRA Regulation"). [[Insert legal name of particular 
credit rating agency entity providing rating] appears on 
the latest update of the list of registered credit rating 
agencies (as of [insert date of most recent list]) on the 
ESMA website http://www.esma.europa.eu.].  
Option 4 - CRA not established in the EEA but 
relevant rating is endorsed by a CRA which is 
established 
and 
registered 
under 
the 
CRA 
Regulation 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is not established in the EEA or 
the UK but the rating it has given to the Notes to be 
issued under the Programme is endorsed by [[insert 
legal name of credit rating agency], which is established 
in the EEA and registered under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009, as amended (the "CRA Regulation") 
Option 5 - CRA not established in the EEA and 
relevant rating is not endorsed under the CRA 
Regulation 
but 
is 
certified 
under 
the 
CRA 
Regulation 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is not established in the EEA but 
is certified under [Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as 
amended (the "CRA Regulation")].

--- Page 120 ---
10286974115-v8 
118 
47-41075393 
 
Option 6 - CRA neither established in the EEA nor 
certified under the CRA Regulation and relevant 
rating is not endorsed under the CRA Regulation 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is not established in the EEA and 
is not certified under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as 
amended (the "CRA Regulation") and the rating it has 
given to the Notes is not endorsed by a credit rating 
agency established in either the EEA and registered 
under the CRA Regulation.] 
3. 
AUTHORISATIONS 
 
[Date [Board] approval for issuance of 
Notes obtained: 
 
[•] [and [•], respectively] 
(N.B. 
Only 
relevant 
where 
Board 
(or 
similar) 
authorisation is required for the particular tranche of 
Notes)] 
4. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
 
[Not Applicable / (give details)] 
(Need to include a description of any interest, including conflicting ones, that is material to the 
issue/offer, detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by the 
inclusion of the following statement: 
"Save for any fees payable to the Dealers and save as disclosed in the "General Information" 
section of the Base Prospectus, in the sub-section entitled "Potential Conflict of Interests", so far 
as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the offer of the Notes has an interest material to the 
offer. The Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment 
banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, the 
Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business.") 
(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters 
described constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a supplement 
to the Base Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.) 
5. 
YIELD 
 
Indication of yield: 
 
[Not Applicable / (Insert percentage)] 
(State "Not Applicable" if the Notes are not Fixed Rate 
Notes.) 
6. 
PERFORMANCE OF RATES (Floating Rate Notes) 
[Details of performance of [EURIBOR/ /CMS Rate/] rates can be obtained, [but not] free of charge, 
from [Reuters/Bloomberg/give details of electronic means of obtaining the details of performance].] 
[Not Applicable] 
7. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER [AND/,] ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS [AND TOTAL EXPENSES] 
 
(i) 
Reasons for the offer and 
use of proceeds:  
 
[The net proceeds of the issue of Notes will be applied 
by the Issuer for general funding purposes / [and/or] 
(specify any other use of proceeds).]

--- Page 121 ---
10286974115-v8 
119 
47-41075393 
 
 
 
 
[The net proceeds of the issue of Notes will [also] be 
applied by the Issuer to finance or refinance, in whole 
or in part, Eligible [Green / Social / Sustainability] 
Projects, as set out in [further detail below / the 
Issuer’s Sustainability Bond Framework]. Capitalised 
terms shown below have the meaning given to them 
in the section of the Base Prospectus entitled “Use of 
Proceeds”.] 
 
 
(Delete the following three items if Eligible Green 
Projects, Eligible 
Social Projects and 
Eligible 
Sustainability Projects are not relevant. Otherwise, 
insert the details below, to the extent known at the 
date of the Final Terms.) 
 
Eligible projects:  
 
[     ] 
 
Post-issuance information: 
 
[Insert details of periodic updates, including an 
updated list of eligible projects financed and/or 
refinanced with the net proceeds of the Notes, the 
amounts allocated and their expected impact, any 
ongoing process of verification and information on key 
performance indicators relating to such projects.] 
 
Documents on display:  
 
[State where the list of eligible projects and any 
documents containing periodic updates are or will be 
available for viewing by Noteholders.] 
 
(ii) 
Estimated net proceeds: 
 
[•] 
 
 
 
(If proceeds are intended for more than one use will 
need to split out and present in order of priority. If 
proceeds insufficient to fund all proposed uses state 
amount and sources of other funding.) 
 
[(iii) 
Estimated total expenses 
 
[•]] (Only specify if Non-exempt Offer in paragraph 9(ix) 
below is stated to be applicable. Otherwise delete.) 
8. 
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION RELATING TO THE NOTES 
 
[Not Applicable / [•] has been extracted from [•]. The Issuer confirms that such information has 
been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information 
published by [•], no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information 
inaccurate or misleading.] 
9. 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
 
(ii) 
If syndicated, names [and 
addresses] of Managers [and 
underwriting commitments]: 
 
[Not applicable/give names, address and underwriting 
commitments] 
(Only specify addresses if Non-exempt Offer in 
paragraph 9(ix) below is stated to be applicable. 
Otherwise delete.)

--- Page 122 ---
10286974115-v8 
120 
47-41075393 
 
(Include names and addresses of entities agreeing to 
underwrite the issue on a firm commitment basis and 
names and addresses of the entities agreeing to place 
the issue without a firm commitment or on a "best 
efforts" basis if such entities are not the same as the 
Managers. Indication of the material features of the 
agreements, including the quotas. Where not all of the 
issue is underwritten, a statement of the portion not 
covered. Indication of the overall amount of the 
underwriting 
commission 
and 
of 
the 
placing 
commission.) 
 
(iii) 
Date 
of 
[Subscription 
Agreement/Other Agreement] 
 
[•]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Name 
of 
Stabilisation 
Manager(s) (if any): 
 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
 
(v) 
If non-syndicated, name of 
Dealer: 
 
[Not applicable/give name] 
 
(vi) 
U.S. selling restrictions: 
 
Reg. S compliance category [1/2/3] 
 
(vii) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA 
Retail Investors: 
 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" 
products, "Not Applicable" should be specified. If the 
Notes may constitute "packaged" products and no key 
information document will be prepared, "Applicable" 
should be specified.) 
 
(viii) 
Prohibition of Sales to UK 
Retail Investors: 
 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" 
products, or the Notes do constitute "packaged" 
products and a key information document will be 
prepared in the UK, "Not Applicable" should be 
specified. If the Notes may constitute "packaged" 
products, "Applicable" should be specified.) 
 
(ix) 
Non-exempt 
Offer 
(where 
there is no exemption from 
the 
obligation 
under 
the 
Prospectus 
Regulation 
to 
publish a prospectus): 
 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
(if not applicable, delete the remaining placeholders of 
this paragraph (ix) and also paragraph 12 (Terms and 
Conditions of the Offer) below). 
 
[Non-exempt Offer Jurisdictions: 
 
[Specify relevant Member State(s) where the issuer 
intends to make Non-exempt Offers (note that the Base 
Prospectus includes the Republic of Italy as the Member 
State where the issuer has passported the Base 
Prospectus and any supplements and from which the 
relevant Non-exempt Offer Jurisdictions should be 
selected in addition to Luxembourg)]

--- Page 123 ---
10286974115-v8 
121 
47-41075393 
 
 
Offer Period: 
 
From [Specify the start date(s)] until [specify end-
date(s)/give details] 
 
Financial 
intermediaries 
granted 
specific consent to use the Base 
Prospectus in accordance with the 
Conditions in it: 
 
[Insert names and addresses of financial intermediaries 
receiving consent (specific consent)/Not Applicable] 
 
General Consent: 
 
[Not Applicable][Applicable] 
 
Other 
Authorised 
Offeror 
Terms 
conditions to consent: 
 
[Not Applicable][Add here any other Authorised Offeror 
Terms] 
(Authorised Offeror Terms should only be included here 
where General Consent is applicable) 
(Consider any local regulatory requirements necessary 
to be fulfilled so as to be able to make a non-exempt 
offer in relevant jurisdictions. No such offer should be 
made 
in 
any 
relevant 
jurisdiction 
until 
those 
requirements have been met. Non-exempt offers may 
only be made into jurisdictions in which the base 
prospectus 
(and 
any 
supplement) 
has 
been 
notified/passported.) 
 
Total commission and concession 
 
[•] per cent. of the Aggregate Principal Amount] [give 
details where applicable]] 
10. 
BENCHMARKS 
 
Amounts payable under the Notes will be calculated by 
reference to [EURIBOR/CMS Rate] which is provided by 
[ICE Benchmark Administration. European Money 
Markets Institute/specify other]. As at [insert date] [ICE 
Benchmark Administration. European Money Markets 
Institute/specify other], [appears/does not appear] on 
the 
register 
of 
administrators 
and 
benchmarks 
established and maintained by the European Securities 
and Markets Authority pursuant to Article 36 of the 
Benchmarks 
Regulation 
(Regulation 
(EU) 
No. 
2016/1011) (the "BMR"). 
[As far as the Issuer is aware, [•] [does/do] not fall within 
the scope of the BMR by virtue of Article 2 of that 
regulation] / [the transitional provisions in Article 51 of 
the Benchmark Regulation apply], such that [•] is not 
currently required to obtain recognition, endorsement or 
equivalence .] 
11. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
(Select one of the two options below if the Notes are fungible with an existing Series.) 
 
ISIN: 
 
[•] 
 
[Common Code:] 
 
[•] 
 
Delivery 
 
Delivery [against/free of] payment

--- Page 124 ---
10286974115-v8 
122 
47-41075393 
 
 
Any clearing system(s) or entity in 
charge of keeping the records other 
than 
Euronext 
Securities 
Milan, 
address and the relevant identification 
number(s): 
 
[Not 
Applicable/give 
name(s), 
address(es) 
and 
number(s)] 
 
Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any): 
 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and address(es)] 
12. 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE OFFER (Only specify if Non-exempt Offer in paragraph 9(ix) 
above is stated to be applicable. Otherwise delete.) 
 
(i) 
Offer Price: 
 
[Issue Price/Not Applicable/specify] 
 
(ii) 
Conditions to which the offer 
is subject: 
 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
(iii) 
Description of the application 
process and categories of 
potential investors to which 
the securities can be offered: 
 
[A prospective investor will subscribe for Notes in 
accordance with the arrangements agreed with the 
relevant authorized intermediary relating to the 
subscription of securities generally/give details (also on 
various categories of potential investors to which the 
securities can be offered)/Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Details of the minimum and/or 
maximum amount 
of the 
application: 
 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
(v) 
Description of possibility to 
reduce 
subscriptions 
and 
manner 
for 
refunding 
amounts paid in excess by 
applicants: 
 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
(vi) 
Details of the method and 
time limits for paying up and 
delivering the Notes: 
 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
(vii) 
Manner in and date on which 
results of the offer are to be 
made public: 
 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
(viii) 
Procedure for exercise of any 
right 
of 
pre-emption, 
negotiability of subscription 
rights 
and 
treatment 
of 
subscription 
rights 
not 
exercised: 
 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
(ix) 
Whether 
tranche(s) 
have 
been reserved for certain 
countries: 
 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
(x) 
Process 
for 
notifying 
applicants of the amount 
allotted and an indication 
 
[Not Applicable/give details]

--- Page 125 ---
10286974115-v8 
123 
47-41075393 
 
whether dealing may begin 
before notification is made: 
 
(xi) 
Amount of any expenses and 
taxes 
charged 
to 
the 
subscriber or purchaser: 
 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
(If the Issuer is subject to MiFID II and/or PRIIPs such 
that it is required to disclose information relating to costs 
and charges, also include that information) 
 
(xii) 
Name(s) and address(es), to 
the extent known to the 
Issuer, of the placers in the 
various countries where the 
offer takes place and co-
ordinator(s) of the global offer 
and of single parts of the offer: 
 
[insert name] [insert address] [The Authorised Offerors 
identified in paragraph [9] above and identifiable from 
the Base Prospectus/None/give details]

--- Page 126 ---
10286974115-v8 
124 
47-41075393 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds from each issue of Notes will be applied by the Issuer as indicated in the relevant 
Final Terms, which will be one or more of the following: 
(a) 
for general funding purposes; 
(b) 
to finance or refinance, in whole or in part, Eligible Green Projects, Eligible Social Projects or 
Eligible Sustainability Projects (each, as defined below); and 
(c) 
for such other purposes as are specified in the Final Terms. 
Green Bonds, Social Bonds and Sustainability Bonds 
In relation to (b) above and in accordance with the relevant definition criteria set out in the Issuer’s 
Regulation for Issuance of ESG Compliant Bonds approved by its Board of Directors on 2 November 
2020 (the “Sustainability Bond Framework”): 
(a) 
only Tranches of Notes financing or refinancing Eligible Green Projects will be denominated 
“Green Bonds”;  
(b) 
only Tranches of Notes financing or refinancing Eligible Social Projects will be denominated 
“Social Bonds”; and 
(c) 
only Tranches of Notes financing or refinancing Eligible Sustainability Projects will be 
denominated “Sustainability Bonds”.  
In the event of a project divestment or if a project no longer meets the eligibility criteria, an amount 
equal to the net proceeds of the “Green Bonds”, “Social Bond” or “Sustainability Bonds” will be used to 
finance or refinance other projects qualifying as Eligible Green Projects, Eligible Social Projects or 
Eligible Sustainability Projects, as the case may be.  
Green Bonds 
Eligible Green Projects have been defined in accordance with the broad categorisation of eligibility for 
green projects set out in the Issuer’s Sustainability Bond Framework, which are aligned with the Green 
Bond Principles published by the International Capital Market Association (“ICMA”) in 2018. 
For the purpose of this section, “Eligible Green Projects” are projects aimed at achieving positive 
environmental outcomes, including in the following specific areas:  
• 
eco-efficient and/or circular economy adapted products, production technologies and processes;  
• 
renewable energy;  
• 
pollution prevention and control; 
• 
clean transportation;  
• 
sustainable water and wastewater management;  
• 
environmentally sustainable management of living natural resources and land use;  
• 
energy efficiency; and  
• 
climate change adaptation.

--- Page 127 ---
10286974115-v8 
125 
47-41075393 
 
Social Bonds 
Eligible Social Projects have been defined in accordance with the broad categorisation of eligibility for 
social projects set out in the Issuer’s Sustainability Bond Framework, which are aligned with the Social 
Bond Principles published by ICMA in 2020. 
For the purpose of this section, “Eligible Social Projects” projects aimed at achieving positive social 
outcomes, including in the following specific areas: 
• 
access to essential services;  
• 
affordable basic infrastructure;  
• 
employment generation; and  
• 
socioeconomic advancement and empowerment. 
Sustainability Bonds 
Eligible Sustainable Projects have been defined in accordance with the broad categorisation of eligibility 
for sustainability projects set out in the Issuer’s Sustainability Bond Framework, which are aligned with 
the Sustainability Bond Guidelines published by ICMA in 2018. 
For the purpose of this section, “Eligible Sustainability Projects” means projects aimed at achieving 
positive environmental and social outcomes, involving a combination of the projects described in “Green 
Bonds” and “Social Bonds” above.  
Sustainability Bond Framework 
The Issuer’s Sustainability Bond Framework is available on a dedicated page of the Issuer’s website 
(see “General Information – Documents on display”) and includes further details of the project 
categories referred to above and the related eligibility criteria, as well as information on the process for 
project evaluation and selection, the management of proceeds and post-issuance reporting and 
verification. 
Any Notes issued as Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds and the corresponding eligible 
projects are only intended to comply with the requirements and processes in the Issuer’s Sustainability 
Bond Framework, which was published prior to the publication and enactment of much of the recent 
legislation relating to ESG-compliant investment and financing. Accordingly, such Notes and the 
corresponding projects to be financed and/or refinanced by the issue of those Notes are not expected 
to be at all times fully aligned with the EU Sustainable Finance Taxonomy. Similarly, no Green Bonds 
issued under the Programme will be compliant with the EU Green Bond Standard. See “Risk Factors” 
and, more specifically, “Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes - Notes issued as 
"Green Bonds", "Social Bonds" or "Sustainability Bonds". 
Eligibility criteria 
Full details of the criteria below are set out in the Issuer’s Sustainability Bond Framework. 
Green Bonds 
Projects financed with the net proceeds of Green Bonds will need to satisfy one or more of the following 
criteria: 
(a) 
Circular economy:  
(i) 
solutions that lengthen the life or life-cycle of goods and/or materials;

--- Page 128 ---
10286974115-v8 
126 
47-41075393 
 
(ii) production processes or products supplied or obtained by use of renewable or recycled 
resources;  
(iii) products and/or services that significantly improve the efficacy and efficiency in the 
consumption of resources within a business premises or along its production and distribution 
chain; 
(iv) creation and/or manufacture of products which can be efficiently recycled or biodegraded in 
compost after use; and 
(v) innovative technologies that allow for the development of circular business models.  
(b) 
CO2 reduction:  
(i) 
use of renewables in energy in energy production and transmission, domestic goods and 
products;  
(ii) efficiency measures which, while offering the same standard of service, consume less 
energy; and 
(iii) environmentally sustainable management of natural resources and land use, and 
maintenance of biodiversity. 
Social Bonds 
Projects financed with the net proceeds of Social Bonds will need to satisfy one or more of the following 
criteria: 
(a) 
Social infrastructure:  
(i) 
development of infrastructure that improve economic development, human wellbeing and 
conditions of life in built-up urban areas and the periphery;  
(ii) construction, renovation or maintenance of residential or commercial buildings to the highest 
social and ecological standards;  
(iii) financing of locations for leisure, such as parks, green areas and public land;  
(iv) improvement of educational and training infrastructure, guaranteeing equality of access; and 
(v) enhancement of capacity in the provisions of healthcare;  
(b) 
SME’s: funding of SME’s which have suffered damage from natural disasters or are based in 
deprived areas in Alto Adige;  
(c) 
Public benefit / voluntary sector: projects by organisations in sectors of public interest or initiatives 
to combat inequality and pursue socially useful objectives; and  
(d) 
Certified B corporations: companies required by law to assess corporate decisions on employees 
and other stakeholders, and the environment.  
Sustainability Bonds 
Projects financed with the net proceeds of Sustainability Bonds will need to satisfy one or more of the 
criteria set out above for Green Bonds and/or Social Bonds.

--- Page 129 ---
10286974115-v8 
127 
47-41075393 
 
Management of proceeds 
Eligible projects will be funded as part of the Issuer’s lending activity to its customers. The Issuer will 
maintain a register containing, inter alia, the following information on the lending provided by it:  
• 
categories of fundable projects;  
• 
summary of projects to be funded;  
• 
amount of funding provided by the Issuer;  
• 
duration of the loan; and 
• 
expected environmental and/or social benefits.  
• 
Financing may be provided to customers in the following forms:  
• 
loans and other financing (including overdrafts);  
• 
leasing agreements; and 
• 
financing by a pool of banks.  
All residual proceeds from the issue of Notes characterised as Green Bonds, Social Bonds or 
Sustainability Bonds will be managed in accordance with the Issuer’s customary liquidity management, 
falling within the liquidity portfolio of the Treasury, the administration of liquidity and term deposits with 
banks and other forms of short, medium and long term financing (such as commercial paper 
programmes and the bank’s credit policy). Activities that are excluded from financing, on the other hand, 
are those involving high greenhouse gas emissions (in other words, linked to the use of fossil fuels and 
assets with a high carbon footprint such as infrastructure reliant on fossil fuels and fossil fuel-based or 
high carbon footprint power stations), as well as activity in the following sectors: alcohol, torture of 
animals, arms, hazardous chemical products, gambling, genetically modified food or animal feed, 
nuclear power, the sex industry and tobacco.  
In the event of a sale of assets or early repayment of loans, or where the project no longer complies 
with the criteria for lending, the Issuer will designate the resulting net proceeds to the financing of other 
projects that fall within the criteria under the Sustainability Bond Framework. 
Second-party Opinion 
PricewaterhouseCoopers Advisory S.p.A. (“PwC”) has delivered to the Issuer an independent second-
party opinion dated 11 December 2022 on the alignment of the Sustainability Bond Framework with 
ICMA’s Green Bond Principles, Social Bond Principles and Sustainability Bond Guidelines referred to 
above (the “PwC Second-party Opinion”). 
The PwC Second-party Opinion is available on a dedicated page of the Issuer’s website (see “General 
Information – Documents on display”). 
Early redemption  
Notes issued as Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds may be subject to early redemption 
under the terms set out in Condition 11 (Redemption and Purchase) and in the Final Terms. Where this 
occurs, the Issuer expects to continue financing or refinancing the eligible projects linked to such Notes, 
either by a new issue of Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds (as the case may be) under 
the Programme or by ordinary funding and, accordingly, the impact on the project would be very limited. 
From a Noteholder perspective, on the other hand, their investment in such Notes would effectively be 
returned and any Noteholder wishing to maintain a certain level of ESG-related investments would need 
to reinvest in other financial instruments that it considers suitable.

--- Page 130 ---
10286974115-v8 
128 
47-41075393 
 
Post-issuance information 
Under the Issuer’s Sustainable Bond Framework, the Issuer publishes allocation and impact reporting 
on an annual basis on its website. The annual report contains:  
• 
a list of projects linked to the issue of Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds;  
• 
a brief description of each project, the amounts designated for that project and the expected 
environmental impact; and 
• 
to the extent known, the methods used and/or underlying assumptions made as part of the 
valuation process.  
See also "Other Information" below.  
Other information 
The Final Terms will also specify (to the extent known at the relevant date):  
(i) 
Information on projects: further details of the Eligible Green Projects, Eligible Social Projects or 
Eligible Sustainability Projects (as the case may be) selected by the Issuer for financing and/or 
refinancing with the net proceeds of the issue of the Notes; and 
(ii) 
Post-issuance information: details of periodic updates, including an updated list of the relevant 
projects financed and/or refinanced with the net proceeds of the Notes, the amounts allocated, 
their expected impact, any ongoing process of verification (including any further second-party 
opinions) and information on key performance indicators relating to such projects. 
The Final Terms will also specify where that information will be made available for viewing by 
Noteholders, which is expected to be on a dedicated page of the Issuer’s website.

--- Page 131 ---
10286974115-v8 
129 
47-41075393 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER 
Introduction and History 
Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige S.p.A., also known by its German corporate name Raiffeisen 
Landesbank Südtirol AG (the "Issuer"), is incorporated in and operates under the laws of Italy as a 
company limited by shares (società per azioni). Originally incorporated on 14 June 1973 by a group of 
18 co-operative banks and co-operative companies, the duration of the Issuer specified in its By-laws 
(Statuto) is until 31 December 2100, which may be extended by a resolution passed at an extraordinary 
shareholders' meeting.  
The Issuer is registered with the Companies' Register (Registro delle Imprese) of the Chamber of 
Commerce of Bolzano under registration number 00194450219 and, as a credit institution, it is 
registered with the register of banks (albo delle banche) held by Bank of Italy under registration number 
3493.4 and is also a member of the institutional protection scheme known as "Raiffeisen Südtirol IPS". 
The Issuer's registered office and headquarters is at Via Laurin 1, 39100 Bolzano, Italy, its telephone 
number is +39 0471 946511 and its website is https://www.raiffeisen.it/en. No information on the 
Issuer's website forms part of this Base Prospectus unless it is expressly incorporated by reference into 
this Base Prospectus (see the section entitled "Information Incorporated by Reference"). 
The Issuer is the central bank for local co-operative banks (Casse Raiffeisen or "Raiffeisen Banks") in 
the territory in north-eastern Italy known as South Tyrol (in German, Südtirol or, in Italian, Alto Adige), 
which is one of the most affluent parts of Italy ("Alto Adige"). Numbering 39 as at 31 December 2023, 
the Raiffeisen Banks have a total of 165 branches in Alto Adige and account for nearly all of the Issuer's 
shareholders (see "Share Capital and Shareholders" below). Under its By-laws, the Issuer acts as a 
supporting structure within the Raiffeisen co-operative financial network (the "Raiffeisen Network"), a 
leading network in the banking market in Alto Adige. The Issuer's services are offered to supplement 
those already offered by Raiffeisen Banks and enable them to develop their own different banking 
operations. The objective of the Issuer is to promote and strengthen the Raiffeisen Banks and thereby 
increase their market share. In particular, the Issuer supports and coordinates the activities of the 
Raiffeisen Banks on the credit and financial markets by providing advisory and operational assistance 
in Alto Adige. 
Business Overview and Principal Markets 
The Issuer's principal businesses range from supporting to coordinating the activities of the Raiffeisen 
Banks on the credit and financial markets. The Issuer provides accounting, risk management and 
clearing services to its shareholders and supports them with the structuring and managing of pool 
financings through a specific credit department of the Issuer. The Issuer also acts as a traditional 
commercial bank through a specific office which is used as point of contact for business and private 
customers. 
The area of Alto Adige comprises the province of Bolzano, which is one of the two autonomous 
provinces of the region of Trentino-Alto Adige/Südtirol in north-eastern Italy. With its mixed German and 
Italian speaking population, the affluent Alto Adige area enjoys a high degree of political and financial 
autonomy from the Italian central government. As a result, the local economy benefits from generous 
public funding and a high degree of self-government, especially in areas such as budgeting and public 
spending. Its geographical location at the crossroads of the affluent regions of Trentino-Alto Adige, 
Veneto and Friuli Venezia Giulia in north-eastern Italy, Tyrol in Austria and Bavaria in southern Germany 
has also contributed to the development of a healthy economy based on tourism, industry and 
agriculture.  
Overall, the economy of the province of Bolzano has generally performed better than the national 
average in Italy, with lower unemployment (2.0 per cent. in 2023 in comparison to the Italian average

--- Page 132 ---
10286974115-v8 
130 
47-41075393 
 
of 7.8 per cent.) and an inflation rate, in terms of annual average rate of change, of 5.9 per cent. in 2023 
(compared to 5.6 per cent nationwide) (Source: For national figures, ISTAT and, for provincial figures, 
ASTAT). This is also reflected by a high standard of living and high household savings rates. 
The Alto Adige banking sector is largely made up of the Issuer and the Raiffeisen Banks (which are 
shareholders of the Issuer), Banca Popolare dell'Alto Adige S.p.A. or, in German, Südtiroler Volksbank 
AG ("BPAA"), Cassa di Risparmio di Bolzano S.p.A. or in German, Südtiroler Sparkasse AG ("CR 
Bolzano") and four other banks. (Source: Bank of Italy research published by its Trento and Bolzano 
branches in June 2023). 
In terms of present and future competition, the bilingual status of Alto Adige provides a natural barrier 
to banks outside this area, which explains the relatively limited presence of the largest Italian banks, as 
well as of neighbouring foreign banks. As a result, the Issuer's main competitors are BPAA and CR 
Bolzano. 
Ratings 
On 21 November 2023, Moody's Investors Service ("Moody's") affirmed the Baa1 long-term deposit 
ratings and upgraded the long-term senior unsecured debt and issuer ratings to Baa1 from Baa2. 
Moody's also affirmed all other ratings and assessments, as shown in the list of affected ratings below: 
• 
Long-term Counterparty Risk Ratings, affirmed Baa1 
• 
Short-term Counterparty Risk Ratings, affirmed P-2 
• 
Long-term Bank Deposits, affirmed Baa1, outlook Stable 
• 
Short-term Bank Deposits, affirmed P-2 
• 
Long-term Counterparty Risk Assessment, affirmed Baa2(cr) 
• 
Short-term Counterparty Risk Assessment, affirmed P-2(cr) 
• 
Long-term Issuer Ratings, upgraded to Baa1 from Baa2, outlook Stable 
• 
Baseline Credit Assessment, affirmed Baa3 
• 
Adjusted Baseline Credit Assessment, affirmed Baa3 
• 
Senior Unsecured, upgraded to Baa1 from Baa2, outlook Stable. 
The meanings of the above rating categories (to the extent published by Moody’s) may be briefly 
summarised as follows, :  
Category 
Meaning 
Long-term ratings: 
assigned to issuers or obligations with an original maturity of eleven 
months or more, reflecting both on the likelihood of a default or impairment 
on contractual financial obligations and the expected financial loss suffered 
in the event of default or impairment. 
Short-term ratings:  
as for long-terms ratings but in respect of obligations with an original 
maturity of thirteen months or less. 
Counterparty risk 
ratings:  
ability of entities to honour their non-debt financial liabilities, typically to 
unrelated counterparties (CRR liabilities), such as derivatives and sale and 
repurchase transactions.

--- Page 133 ---
10286974115-v8 
131 
47-41075393 
 
Category 
Meaning 
Bank deposits: 
a deposit-taking institution’s ability to repay punctually its foreign and/or 
domestic currency deposit obligations, while also reflecting the expected 
financial loss of the default. 
Counterparty risk 
assessment:  
the likelihood of a default by an issuer on certain senior operating 
obligations and other contractual commitments. 
Issuer ratings: 
ability of entities to honour senior unsecured debt and debt like obligations. 
Baseline credit 
assessment:  
standalone intrinsic strength, in the absence of any extraordinary support 
from an affiliate or a government. 
As regards the ratings actually assigned to the Issuer:  
Baa: 
obligations judged to be medium-grade and subject to moderate credit risk 
and as such may possess certain speculative characteristics (Baa1 being 
the top range and Baa3 the bottom range) 
P-2:  
a strong ability to repay short-term obligations. 
The above information is extracted from “Rating Symbols and Definitions”, which was published by 
Moody’s on 9 November 2023 and may be viewed for further and more detailed information on its 
website (https://ratings.moodys.com/api/rmc-documents/53954). 
Expected financing of activities 
Most of the Issuer's debt towards the ECB through the third series of targeted longer-term refinancing 
operations (TLTRO III) was repaid in 2023. For the remaining tranches due in December 2024, the 
Issuer plans to replace this central bank debt gradually. This is expected to be achieved in accordance 
with the Issuer's funding plan, which reorganises the Issuer's funding sources by increasing long-term 
bond issues and participating in the central bank's main refinancing operations (MROs) on a short-term 
basis. 
Organisational structure 
No controlling shareholders or subsidiaries 
The Issuer has neither controlling shareholders nor subsidiaries and, accordingly, is not part of any 
banking group or group of companies. Its shareholder composition is largely made up of the Raiffeisen 
Banks (see "Share Capital and Shareholders" below).  
Raiffeisen Südtirol IPS 
Together with the 39 Raiffeisen Banks and RK Leasing S.r.l., the Issuer is a member of the institutional 
protection scheme known as "Raiffeisen Südtirol IPS", which was authorised by the Bank of Italy in 
November 2020. Set up in response to the Italian cooperative banking reform, the Raiffeisen Südtirol 
IPS is a statutory liability arrangement which protects its member institutions and ensures that they 
have the liquidity and solvency needed to avoid bankruptcy where necessary, as provided under Article 
113(7) of CRR. The members of Raiffeisen Südtirol IPS have set up a guarantee fund to which they 
have agreed to transfer funds gradually, with the aim of reaching a total of up to €90-100 million by 
2028. As at 31 December 2023, the market value of transferred funds amounted to €66.6 million. 
Shareholdings in other companies 
The Issuer has significant shareholdings in Casse Rurali-Raiffeisen Finanziaria S.p.A. (50 per cent 
owned), Raiffeisen Servizi Assicurativi S.r.l. (30 per cent owned) and Mediocredito Trentino-Alto Adige

--- Page 134 ---
10286974115-v8 
132 
47-41075393 
 
S.p.A. (10.7 per cent owned). Casse Rurali-Raiffeisen Finanziaria S.p.A. in turn holds 35.21 per cent of 
Mediocredito Trentino-Alto Adige S.p.A. ("MCTAA"), an Italian bank headquartered in Trento and 
mainly serving corporate clients. As a result, the Issuer had a direct and indirect interest of 28.4 per 
cent. in MCTAA as at 31 December 2023. 
Strategy 
The multi-year strategic planning of the Issuer is focused on the areas described below. 
The strategy of the Issuer as central bank of the local Raiffeisen Banks is focused on safeguarding the 
interests and pinpointing the needs of the Raiffeisen Banks, as well as on continuously improving the 
services and products on offer. It aims to achieve this through a continuous streamlining of all processes 
and procedures used from time to time within the Raiffeisen Network, through the coordination and 
preparation of all projects on a common basis and through an efficient implementation of the needs of 
the Raiffeisen Network. The Issuer intends to pursue its present role as the Raiffeisen Network's contact 
point for local government and the national and international co-operative system also in the future. As 
such the Issuer is the "trail blazer" of the Raiffeisen Network, developing new products and services 
that are useful to all Raiffeisen Banks and is strengthening its general role in the Raiffeisen Network, in 
its sectors of activity and also externally. As a commercial bank, the Issuer targets sizeable business 
clients, credit-pool or leasing clients and may also be involved, as lead arranger, in complex financial 
projects. 
In order to safeguard the current market position of the Issuer and the Raiffeisen Network in an 
increasingly competitive environment, the Issuer's activities focus on specific business areas, such as 
project financing through public and private partnerships for the improvement of local infrastructures, 
financing of companies through entering into leasing transactions and retirement planning. The Issuer 
may also operate in new business areas, such as lending in favour of consumers and families, through 
strategic partnerships or joint ventures. 
The Issuer also acts as a service provider to institutional counterparties and financial institutions. As 
such the Issuer intends to expand its services into surrounding areas. For this purpose, the Issuer is 
aiming to strengthen its co-operation with newly founded or smaller financial institutions, including those 
outside the province of Bolzano. 
Furthermore, the Issuer is a member institution of the Raiffeisen Südtirol IPS, which has been 
established in 2020 (see "Raiffeisen Südtirol IPS" above). 
In order to achieve this strategic goal the Issuer prepares a strategic plan on an annual basis. 
In addition, on a voluntary basis, the Issuer prepares a non-financial statement pursuant to Article 7 of 
Legislative Decree No. 254/2016, which consists of an annual report on the Issuer's medium- and long-
term measures related to ESG (environmental, social and governance), as well as on its commitment 
to sustainability in general. 
Lending 
General 
The Issuer has historically granted loans to companies located in the province of Bolzano and, 
consequently, the breakdown of the loan portfolio pertaining to the industrial sector substantially reflects 
the structure of the local economy. Bolzano is one of the most prosperous provinces of Italy, which is 
partly due to its political and financial autonomy, and its local economy is largely made up of small and 
medium-sized enterprises, which means that the Issuer has a limited individual large loan exposure. 
Total loans and advances to customers as at 31 December 2023 amounted to €2,486 million, compared 
to €2,806 million as at 31 December 2022, representing a decrease of 11.41 per cent. Lending to banks

--- Page 135 ---
10286974115-v8 
133 
47-41075393 
 
as at 31 December 2023 amounted to €351 million compared to €2,311 million as at 31 December 
2022, representing a decrease of 84.83 per cent., primarily due to the repayment of TLTRO financing 
by the Raiffeisen Banks, which is typically conducted through the Issuer, acting as lead institution 
(capofila) towards the ECB. 
The following table shows a breakdown of the Issuer's loans and advances to banks and to customers 
as at 31 December 2023 and 2022. 
 
As at 31 December 
 
2023 
 
2022 
 
(€ thousands) 
 
(%) 
 
(€ thousands) 
 
(%) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Loans and advances to banks 
350,649 
 
12.4 
 
2,310,754 
 
45.2 
Loans and advances to customers 
2,485,823 
 
87.6 
 
2,805,871 
 
54.8 
Total 
2,836,471 
 
100.0 
 
5,116,625 
 
100.0 
 
Nearly all the Issuer's lending activity is carried out in Italy and, in particular, in Alto Adige. 
Loans and advances to customers 
The following table shows a breakdown of the Issuer's loans and advances to customers by client type 
as at 31 December 2023 and 2022. 
Loans and advances to customers by type 
 
As at 31 December 
 
2023 
 
2022 
 
(€ thousands) 
 
Performing 
Impaired 
POCI(*) 
 
Performing 
Impaired 
POCI(*) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Debt Securities: 
682,390 
- 
- 
 
862,804 
- 
- 
a) Public entities 
682,390 
- 
- 
 
862,804 
- 
- 
b) Other financial companies 
- 
- 
- 
 
- 
- 
- 
- of which insurance companies 
- 
- 
- 
 
- 
- 
- 
c) Non-financial companies 
- 
- 
- 
 
- 
- 
- 
Loans to: 
1,764,841 
31,573 
7,018 
 
1,905,203 
31,337 
6,527 
a) Governments 
- 
- 
- 
 
- 
- 
- 
b) Other public entities 
8,391 
- 
- 
 
9,671 
- 
- 
c) Other entities 
1,756,450 
31,573 
7,018 
 
1,895,532 
31,337 
6,527 
- non-financial companies 
1,527,068 
27,928 
5,931 
 
1,618,472 
26,767 
6,527 
- financial companies 
64,203 
1,342 
299 
 
83,710 
187 
- 
- insurance companies 
10,519 
- 
- 
 
10,394 
- 
- 
- others 
154,660 
2,303 
788 
 
182,957 
4,384 
- 
Total 
2,447,231 
31,573 
7,018 
 
2,768,007 
31,337 
6,527 
_______________ 
(*)  Purchased or originated credit impaired financial assets.

--- Page 136 ---
10286974115-v8 
134 
47-41075393 
 
The following table shows the breakdown of the Issuer's loans and advances to customers according 
to the class of products as at 31 December 2023 and 2022. 
Loans and advances to customers by class of product 
 
As at 31 December 
 
2023 
 
2022 
 
(€ thousands) 
 
Performing 
Impaired 
POCI(*) 
 
Performing 
Impaired 
POCI(*) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Loans 
1,764,841 
31,573 
7,018 
 
1,905,203 
31,337 
6,527 
Current accounts 
114,401 
3,823 
2 
 
110,758 
3,450 
19 
Repos 
- 
- 
- 
 
- 
- 
- 
Mortgages 
1,087,440 
23,253 
7,007 
 
1,175,012 
22,365 
6,502 
Credit 
cards 
and 
personal loans 
1,003 
1 
- 
 
1,132 
- 
- 
Finance lease 
338,990 
3,643 
- 
 
362,018 
3,683 
- 
Factoring 
- 
- 
- 
 
- 
- 
- 
Other transactions 
223,006 
854 
9 
 
256,283 
1,839 
6 
Debt securities 
682,390 
- 
- 
 
862,804 
- 
- 
Structured bonds 
- 
- 
- 
 
- 
- 
- 
Other bonds 
682,390 
- 
- 
 
862,804 
- 
- 
Total 
2,447,231 
31,573 
7,018 
 
2,768,007 
31,337 
6,527 
_______________ 
(*)  Purchased or originated credit impaired financial assets. 
 
Large loans 
The Bank of Italy's regulations define "large risks" as the net weighted exposure (in relation to both 
loans and guarantees) to primary business groups where the amount exceeds 10 per cent of the 
regulatory capital resources available at a certain time. The table below shows the number and total 
amount of such large risk positions of the Issuer as at 31 December 2023 and 2022. 
Large loans 
 
As at 31 December 
 
2023 
 
2022 
 
 
 
 
Nominal amount (€ thousands) 
2,697,825 
 
5,331,577 
Number 
23 
 
37 
 
Non-performing loans 
Under the Bank of Italy's system of classification, non-performing loans are categorised as follows: 
• 
Bad loans (crediti in sofferenza): These are exposures to debtors that are in a state of insolvency 
due to being unable to pay their debts, where there is a failure to comply with a previously agreed 
upon debt restructuring plan, where insolvency proceedings have been commenced or where 
there are other adverse circumstances. For Bad loans, the valuation is performed on individual

--- Page 137 ---
10286974115-v8 
135 
47-41075393 
 
positions based on a qualitative and quantitative analysis of the borrower's financial position, the 
riskiness of the credit relationship, possible mitigating factors (collateral) and taking into account 
the financial impact of the estimated recovery time. 
• 
Unlikely to pay loans (inadempienze probabili): Aside from those included among Bad loans, 
these are exposures in respect of which banks believe the debtors are unlikely to meet their 
contractual obligations in full unless action such as the enforcement of guarantees is taken. For 
Unlikely to pay loans, the valuation is based on a qualitative and quantitative analysis of the 
borrower's financial position and on precise assessment of the risk situation. 
• 
Past due loans (esposizioni scadute deteriorate): Aside from those classified as Bad loans or 
Unlikely to pay loans, these are exposures that are past-due by more than 90 days and for above 
a predefined amount. Exposures classified amongst Past due loans automatically become 
performing when payment is received. 
The following table shows the breakdown of the Issuer's cash exposure to customers based on the 
above categories as at 31 December 2023 and 2022. 
 
As at 31 December  
 
2023 
 
2022 
 
(€ thousands) 
 
Gross 
Provisions 
Net 
 
Gross 
Provisions 
Net 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Bad Loans 
9,218 
7,868 
1,350 
 
10,853 
7,971 
2,883 
Unlikely to pay 
76,356 
39,356 
36,999 
 
65,536 
30,795 
34,741 
Past due exposures 
323 
80 
243 
 
76 
9 
67 
Non-performing loans 
85,897 
47,304 
38,592 
 
76,465 
38,775 
37,691 
Performing loans 
2,848,977 
16,617 
2,832,359 
 
3,201,154 
18,728 
3,182,427 
Total 
2,934,873 
63,922 
2,870,951 
 
3,277,619 
57,503 
3,220,116 
 
As at 31 December 2023, the Issuer's Gross bad loans amounted to €9,218 thousand, out of a total of 
€2,935 million in Total gross exposure to customers, with a ratio of Gross bad loans to Total gross 
exposures to customers of 0.3 per cent., compared to 0.3 per cent. as at 31 December 2022. As at 31 
December 2023, the level of Bad loans loss provision represented 85.4 per cent. compared to 73.4 per 
cent. as at 31 December 2022, resulting in a net amount of Bad loans of €1,350 thousand. As at 31 
December 2023, the Net bad loans to Net loans ratio was 0.05 per cent. (0.09 per cent. as at 31 
December 2022). 
As at 31 December 2023, total gross Unlikely to pay loans amounted to €76,356 thousand, with a ratio 
of Gross unlikely to pay loans to Total gross exposures to customers of 2.6 per cent., compared to 2.0 
per cent. as at 31 December 2022. The level of Gross unlikely to pay loans loss provision amounted to 
51.5 per cent., compared to 47.0 per cent. as at 31 December 2022, resulting in a net value of Unlikely 
to pay loans of €36,999 thousand. In the same period, the Net unlikely to pay loans to Net loans ratio 
was 1.3 per cent., compared to 1.1 per cent. as at 31 December 2022. 
For further information on the performance indicators set out in the two paragraphs above, see 
“Alternative Performance Measures” on pages 7 and 8 above.

--- Page 138 ---
10286974115-v8 
136 
47-41075393 
 
As at 31 December 2023, total gross Non Performing loans amounted to €85,897 thousand, compared 
to €76,465 thousand as at 31 December 2022. 
The following table shows the flow of new non-performing loans for the year ended 31 December 2022. 
Flow of new problem loans 
 
For the year ended  
31 December 2023 
 
Bad loans 
 
Unlikely to 
pay 
 
Past due 
exposures 
 
(€ thousands) 
Opening balance – gross exposure 
10,853 
 
63,445 
 
501 
Increases 
1,286 
 
34,463 
 
2,028 
Transfer from performing loans 
- 
 
26,703 
 
2,009 
Transfer from other impaired exposures 
1,186 
 
1,765 
 
- 
Other increases 
100 
 
5,994 
 
19 
Decreases 
2,922 
 
23,717 
 
1,781 
Transfer to performing loans 
- 
 
8 
 
- 
Derecognised items 
2,021 
 
2,898 
 
- 
Recovery 
901 
 
16,680 
 
10 
Sales proceeds 
- 
 
- 
 
- 
Losses from sales proceeds 
- 
 
- 
 
- 
Transfer to other impaired exposures 
- 
 
1,181 
 
1,770 
Other decreases 
- 
 
2,949 
 
1 
Closing Balance - gross exposure 
9,218 
 
74,191 
 
748 
 
In accordance with the Bank of Italy's regulations, the Issuer's financial statements are prepared in 
accordance with IFRS. The value adjustments for performing and non-performing loans are calculated 
according to current regulatory provisions and in such a way to obtain a prudent valuation. As a 
consequence, Bad loans and Unlikely to pay loans are analytically valued per single debtor, whilst other 
loans (including performing loans and Past due loans) are valued based on their loan classification. 
Securities Portfolio 
In accordance with the accounting standard IFRS 9, the Issuer classifies its financial assets based on 
the business model ("held-to-collect", "held-to-collect and sell" or "other") and on the characteristics of 
the contractual cash flows of the financial asset. 
The financial assets held by the Issuer are classified under the following categories: 
• 
Amortised cost (AC): a financial asset is measured at amortised cost if both of the following 
conditions are met: 
o 
the asset is held within a business model whose objective is to hold assets in order to collect 
contractual cash flows; and

--- Page 139 ---
10286974115-v8 
137 
47-41075393 
 
o 
the contractual terms of the financial asset give rise on specified dates to cash flows that 
are solely payments of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding;  
• 
Fair value through other comprehensive income (FVTOCI): financial assets are classified and 
measured at fair value through other comprehensive income if they are held in a business model 
whose objective is achieved by both collecting contractual cash flows and selling financial assets; 
and 
• 
Fair value through profit or loss (FVTPL): any financial assets that are not held in one of the two 
business models mentioned are measured at fair value through profit or loss. 
Assets held for trading 
Consisting of mutual funds, derivatives and equities, the Issuer's assets held for trading portfolio 
amounted to €30,644 thousand as at 31 December 2023, representing 0.77 per cent. of total assets. 
Assets mandatorily at fair value 
Primarily consisting of mutual funds, the Issuer's assets mandatorily at fair value amounted to €135,472 
thousand as at 31 December 2023, representing 3.41 per cent. of total assets. 
Assets at fair value through other comprehensive income 
As at 31 December 2023, the Issuer's assets at fair value through other comprehensive income 
amounted to €444,869 thousands, equal to 11.21 per cent. of total assets. 
The following table shows a breakdown of the Issuer's assets available for sale according to the type 
of securities as at 31 December 2023 and 2022. 
Financial Assets at fair value through other comprehensive income 
 
As at 31 December 
 
2023 
 
2022 
 
(€ thousands) 
 
(%) 
 
(€ thousands) 
 
(%) 
Debt instruments 
384,827 
 
86.5 
 
413,838 
 
87.7 
Central Banks 
- 
 
- 
 
- 
 
- 
Public Entities 
384,827 
 
86.5 
 
413,838 
 
87.7 
Banks 
- 
 
- 
 
- 
 
- 
Other financial companies 
- 
 
- 
 
- 
 
- 
- of which insurance companies 
- 
 
- 
 
- 
 
- 
Non-financial companies 
- 
 
- 
 
- 
 
- 
Equity instruments 
60,042 
 
13.5 
 
57,786 
 
12.3 
Banks 
43,522 
 
9.8 
 
43,522 
 
9.2 
Other issuers 
16,520 
 
3.7 
 
14,265 
 
3.0 
Other financial companies 
15,072 
 
3.4 
 
12,817 
 
2.7 
- of which insurance companies 
11,999 
 
2.7 
 
9,753 
 
2.1 
Non-financial companies 
1,448 
 
0.3 
 
1,448 
 
0.3 
Others 
- 
 
- 
 
- 
 
- 
Total 
444,869 
 
100.0 
 
471,624 
 
100.0

--- Page 140 ---
10286974115-v8 
138 
47-41075393 
 
Funding 
As at 31 December 2023, the total amount of funds borrowed by the Issuer was €3,392 million, 
compared to €5,725 million as at 31 December 2022, representing a decrease of 40.8 per cent., 
primarily due to the repayment of TLTRO financings from the ECB.  
The table below shows a breakdown of the Issuer's sources of funding. 
Funding 
 
As at 31 December 
 
2023 
 
2022 
 
(€ thousands) 
 
(%) 
 
(€ thousands) 
 
(%) 
Due to banks 
1,150,300 
 
33.9 
 
3,352,856 
 
58.6 
Due to customers 
1,143,938 
 
33.7 
 
1,507,057 
 
26.3 
Bonds 
1,097,948 
 
32.4 
 
865,401 
 
15.1 
Total funding 
3,392,186 
 
100.0 
 
5,725,314 
 
100.0 
 
Capital Ratios 
Pursuant to Art. 53-bis, paragraph 1, letter d) of Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993, since 
2024, the Issuer has been required to maintain the following OCR (Overall Capital Requirement) ratios:  
• 
a CET 1 Ratio of at least 9.30 per cent;  
• 
a Tier 1 Ratio (that is the ratio of capital to total risk-weighted assets) of at least 11.10 per cent; 
and  
• 
a Total Capital Ratio (that is the ratio of total capital to total risk-weighted assets) of at least 13.40 
per cent. 
The Issuer's capital ratios as at 31 December 2023 and 2022 are shown in the table below and exceed 
the minimum mandatory levels required by the Bank of Italy.  
Capital ratios 
 
As at 31 December 
 
2023 
 
2022 
CET1 capital ratio 
21.13% 
 
20.65% 
Total capital ratio 
21.13% 
 
20.65% 
 
Share Capital and Shareholders 
As at 31 December 2023, the Issuer's share capital amounted to €250,000,000, fully paid-up, 
comprising 250,000,000 ordinary shares of €1.00 each. 
The Issuer is not owned or controlled, either directly or indirectly, by any natural or legal persons, either 
singly or acting together, including any of the Raiffeisen Banks. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, 
the Issuer has 68 shareholders, of which 41 are Raiffeisen Banks holding 99.7 per cent. of the Issuer's 
ordinary shares.

--- Page 141 ---
10286974115-v8 
139 
47-41075393 
 
The following table shows the principal shareholders of the Issuer as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus. 
Shareholder 
Shares 
 
(number) 
 
(%) 
Raiffeisen Banks 
249,254,406 
 
99.7 
Others (co-operative companies) 
745,594 
 
0.3 
Own shares 
- 
 
- 
Total 
250,000,000 
 
100.0 
 
At the extraordinary shareholders' meeting of 31 January 2024, the Issuer's Board of Directors was 
authorised to carry out a share capital increase in one or more tranches of a maximum amount of 
€50,000,000 within five years from the date of the resolution. The proceeds of any capital increase are 
expected to be used for general business activities. 
Management 
Board of Directors 
The Issuer's Board of Directors is responsible for the Issuer's management. As provided in its By-laws, 
the Board of Directors must be composed of nine directors, each of whose appointment is valid for a 
three-year period.  
The following table sets forth the names of the current members of the Board of Directors, their positions 
and principal activities outside the Issuer. 
Name 
 
Position 
 
Principal activities outside the Issuer 
Hanspeter Felder 
 
Chairman 
 
Chairman of Raiffeisenkasse Bruneck 
Georg Mutschlechner 
 
Vice Chairman 
 
Chairman of Cassa Raiffeisen Val Badia 
Jelena Comploi 
 
Director 
 
Tax Consultant 
Wolfram Gapp 
 
Director 
 
Chairman of Raiffeisenkasse Untervinschgau 
Peter Paul Heiss 
 
Director 
 
Chairman of Raiffeisenkasse Sarntal 
Jakob Franz Laimer 
 
Director 
 
Managing Director of Raiffeisenkasse Passeier 
Paulina Schwarz 
 
Director 
 
Chairman of Raiffeisenkasse Etschtal 
Veronika Skocir 
 
Director 
 
Tax Consultant 
Manfred Wild 
 
Director 
 
Managing Director of Raiffeisenkasse Tauferer-Ahrntal 
 
The business address of each of the members of the Board of Directors is the Issuer's registered office. 
The Issuer is not aware of any conflicts of interest between the duties owed by the persons listed above 
to the Issuer and their private interests or other duties. 
Board of Statutory Auditors 
Under Italian law, the Issuer's shareholders are also responsible for electing a Board of Statutory 
Auditors (Collegio Sindacale), composed of three independent experts in accounting matters. Under 
the Issuer's By-laws, the shareholders also elect two alternate statutory auditors, who will automatically 
replace statutory auditors who resign or are otherwise unable to serve the office. Statutory auditors and 
alternate statutory auditors hold office for a three-year period and may be re-elected.

--- Page 142 ---
10286974115-v8 
140 
47-41075393 
 
The following table sets forth the names of the current members of the Board of Statutory Auditors. 
Name 
 
Title 
 
Principal activities outside the Issuer 
Hubert Berger 
 
Chairman 
 
Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors of 
Raiffeisenkasse Meran 
Hildegard Oberleiter 
 
Statutory Auditor 
 
Member of the Board of Statutory Auditors of 
Raiffeisenkasse Wipptal and Hochpustertal 
Markus Reichhalter 
 
Statutory Auditor 
 
Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors of 
Raiffeisenkasse Kastelruth-St. Ulrich 
Martina Malfertheiner 
 
Alternate Auditor 
 
Tax Consultant 
Roland Stuefer 
 
Alternate Auditor 
 
Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors of 
Raiffeisenkasse Ulten-St. Pankraz-Laurein 
 
The business address of each of the members of the Board of Statutory Auditors is the Issuer's 
registered office. 
The Issuer is not aware of any conflicts of interest between the duties owed by the Statutory Auditors 
to the Issuer and their private interests or other duties. 
Independent Auditors 
The Issuer's independent auditors are EY S.p.A. ("EY"), which audited the annual financial statements 
of the Issuer as at and for the years ended 31 December 2022 and 2023, as stated in the English 
translation of their audit report appearing herein. 
EY's registered office is at Via Meravigli 12, Milan and it is registered under No. 70945 in the Register 
of Accountancy Auditors (Registro Revisori Legali) by the MEF, in compliance with the provisions of 
Legislative Decree of No. 39 of 27 January 2010. EY is also a member of Assirevi, the Italian association 
of independent auditors. 
Employees 
The Issuer had 247 permanent employees as at 31 December 2023, compared to 237 as at 31 
December 2022 (an increase of 4.2 per cent.). Of these, 18.6 per cent were part-time employees as at 
31 December 2023, compared to 21.1 per cent. as at 31 December 2022. 
Litigation 
The Issuer is currently involved in litigation in the normal course of its business. Although it is difficult 
to predict the outcome of this litigation with certainty, the Issuer's management is confident that, in 
respect of any liabilities that may arise, adequate provisions have been made in the Issuer's financial 
statements. Furthermore, such liabilities, if any, are unlikely, as a whole, to have any material adverse 
effect on the Issuer, its financial condition or its results of operations.

--- Page 143 ---
10286974115-v8 
141 
47-41075393 
 
OVERVIEW OF FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF THE ISSUER 
The English translation of the audited annual financial statements of the Issuer as at and for the years 
ended 31 December 2023 and 2022, together with the accompanying notes and independent auditor's 
reports, are included in this Base Prospectus. See Annex 1 (Audited annual financial statements, 
accompanying notes and independent auditor's reports) of this Base Prospectus below. Such annual 
financial statements have been prepared in accordance with IFRS and have been audited by EY. 
The following tables present audited annual statement of financial position and income statement data 
of the Issuer as at and for the years ended 31 December 2023 and 2022. All of the financial information 
set out below is derived from, should be read in conjunction with and is qualified in its entirety by 
reference to the full annual financial statements of the Issuer included in this Base Prospectus, in each 
case together with the accompanying notes. 
 
CASSA CENTRALE RAIFFEISEN DELL'ALTO ADIGE S.p.A. 
Audited Annual Statement of Financial Position 
 
Assets 
 
As at 31 December 
 
2023 
2022 
 
(Euro) 
Cash and cash equivalents 
332,226,670 
315,562,576 
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss 
166,116,704 
156,152,399 
a) financial assets held for trading 
30,644,208 
32,248,664 
b) financial assets designated at fair value 
0 
0 
c) other financial assets mandatory measured at fair value 
135,472,495 
123,903,735 
Financial 
assets 
measured 
at 
fair 
value 
through 
other 
comprehensive income 
444,868,558 
471,623,704 
Financial assets at amortised cost 
2,836,471,261 
5,116,624,952 
a) due from banks 
350,648,687 
2,310,753,995 
b) loans to customers 
2,485,822,573 
2,805,870,956 
Hedging derivatives 
11,397,960 
1,342,933 
Equity investments 
29,094,304 
21,591,023 
Property, equipment and investment property 
13,859,074 
13,603,475 
Intangible assets 
81,173 
58,374 
of which: goodwill 
0 
0 
Tax Assets 
10,815,543 
25,958,629 
a) current 
412,344 
6,635,635 
b) deferred 
10,403,200 
19,322,994 
Other assets 
123,344,203 
103,830,454 
Total Assets 
3,968,275,450 
6,226,348,518

--- Page 144 ---
10286974115-v8 
142 
47-41075393 
 
CASSA CENTRALE RAIFFEISEN DELL'ALTO ADIGE S.p.A. 
Audited Annual Statement of Financial Position (Cont'd) 
 
Liabilities and Shareholders’ Equity 
 
As at 31 December 
 
2023 
2022 
 
(Euro) 
 
 
 
Financial liabilities measured at amortised cost 
3,392,186,312 
5,725,313,804 
a) due to banks 
1,150,299,849 
3,352,855,769 
b) due to customers 
1,143,938,368 
1,507,056,956 
c) securities issued 
1,097,948,095 
865,401,078 
Financial liabilities held for trading 
4,244,568 
5,773,522 
Hedging derivatives 
0 
12,532 
Tax liabilities 
5,848,037 
978,583 
a) current 
3,474,583 
0 
b) deferred 
2,373,454 
978,583 
Other liabilities 
72,630,587 
42,009,550 
Employee termination indemnities 
2,660,221 
2,847,464 
Allowances for risks and charges 
6,067,498 
3,679,166 
a) commitments and guarantees given 
5,617,259 
3,214,736 
b) pension and similar obligations 
0 
0 
c) other allowances for risks and charges 
450,239 
464,430 
Valuation reserves 
2,764,625 
-18,821,876 
of which: associated with discontinued operations 
0 
0 
Reserves 
206,552,023 
202,651,486 
of which: interim dividends 
0 
0 
Share capital 
250,000,000 
250,000,000 
Net income (loss) for the year (+/-) 
25,321,579 
11,904,287 
Total Liabilities and Shareholders’ Equity 
3,968,275,450 
6,226,348,518

--- Page 145 ---
10286974115-v8 
143 
47-41075393 
 
CASSA CENTRALE RAIFFEISEN DELL'ALTO ADIGE S.p.A. 
Audited Income Statement 
 
For the year ended  
31 December 
 
2023 
2022 
 
(Euro) 
 
 
 
Interest and similar income 
171,667,678 
73,626,051 
of which: interest income calculated with the effective interest method 
171,647,647 
72,372,267 
Interest and similar expense 
-106,781,095 
-23,918,777 
Net interest income 
64,886,583 
49,707,274 
Fee and commission income 
47,514,326 
48,372,221 
Fee and commission expenses 
-28,322,566 
-27,910,590 
Net fee and commission income 
19,191,760 
20,461,631 
Dividends and similar income 
1,667,196 
1,588,200 
Profits (Losses) on trading 
4,116,965 
1,740,490 
Fair value adjustments in hedge accounting 
12,402 
279,301 
Profits (losses) on disposal or repurchase of: 
-5,016,868 
15,804,914 
a) financial assets measured at amortised cost 
1,252,377 
5,128,774 
b) financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive 
income 
-6,303,271 
10,649,334 
c) financial liabilities 
34,027 
26,806 
Profits (losses) on other assets and liabilities measured at fair value 
through profit or loss: 
10,118,872 
-10,306,761 
a) financial assets and liabilities designated at fair value 
0 
0 
b) other financial assets mandatorily measured at fair value 
10,118,872 
-10,306,761 
Net interest and other banking income 
94,976,910 
79,275,048 
Net (losses)/recoveries for credit risk associated with: 
-11,450,797 
-13,439,294 
a) financial assets measured at amortised cost 
-11,475,334 
-13,557,139 
b) financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive 
income 
24,536 
117,845 
Profits (Losses) on changes in contracts without derecognition 
-23,670 
-797 
Net income from financial activities 
83,502,443 
65,834,957 
Administrative expenses 
-47,725,665 
-43,417,572 
a) personnel expenses 
-24,435,351 
-22,331,414 
b) other administrative expenses 
-23,290,314 
-21,086,158 
Net provisions for risks and charges 
-2,420,123 
-823,571 
a) commitments and guarantees given 
-2,404,620 
-691,404 
b) other net provisions 
-15,503 
-132,167 
Net adjustments to / recoveries on property, equipment and investment 
property 
-2,392,215 
-796,913 
Net adjustments to / recoveries on intangible assets 
-55,898 
-34,261 
Other operating expenses (income) 
9,292,480 
9,198,546 
Operating expenses 
-43,301,422 
-35,873,771 
Profits (losses) on equity investments 
-3,358,936 
-9,527,566 
Goodwill impairment  
0 
-117,400 
Profits (losses) on disposal of investments 
0 
-5,553 
Income (loss) before tax from continuing operations 
36,842,085 
20,310,668 
Taxes on income from continuing operations 
-11,520,506 
-8,406,380 
Income (loss) after tax from continuing operations 
25,321,579 
11,904,287 
Net income (loss) for the year 
25,321,579 
11,904,287

--- Page 146 ---
10286974115-v8 
144 
47-41075393 
 
TAXATION 
The following is a general overview of certain Italian tax consequences of acquiring, holding and 
disposing of Notes, though it is not intended to be, nor should it be constructed to be, legal or tax advice. 
It does not purport to be a comprehensive description of all tax considerations that may be relevant to 
the decision to subscribe for, purchase, own or dispose of Notes and does not purport to deal with the 
tax consequences applicable to all categories of prospective beneficial owners of Notes, some of which 
may be subject to special rules. This overview is based upon Italian tax laws and/or practice in force as 
at the date of this Base Prospectus, which are subject to any changes in law and/or practice occurring 
after such date, which could be made on a retroactive basis. The Issuer will not update this overview to 
reflect changes in laws and, if any such change occurs, the information in this overview could be 
superseded. 
The tax legislation of the Noteholder's Member State and of the Issuer's country of incorporation may 
have an impact on the income received from the Notes. 
According to Law 111/2023, the Italian Tax Reform could significantly change the taxation of financial 
incomes and capital gains, that may impact on the current tax regime applicable to Notes, as 
summarized below. 
Prospective purchasers of Notes should consult their tax advisers as to the overall tax consequences 
of acquiring, holding and disposing of Notes and receiving payments of interest, principal and/or other 
amounts under the Notes, including in particular the effect of any state, regional or local tax laws. 
Where in this overview English terms and expressions are used to refer to Italian concepts, the meaning 
to be attributed to such terms and expressions shall be the meaning to be attributed to the equivalent 
Italian concepts under Italian tax law. 
Italian tax treatment of Notes 
Italian Legislative Decree No. 239 of 1 April 1996, as amended and supplemented ("Decree No. 239"), 
provides for the tax treatment applicable to interest, premium and other income (including the difference 
between the redemption amount and the issue price) (hereinafter collectively referred to as "Interest") 
from certain notes issued by, inter alia, Italian resident banks. The provisions of Decree No. 239 apply 
to Notes falling within the category of bonds (obbligazioni) or securities similar to bonds (titoli similari 
alle obbligazioni) pursuant to Article 44 of Presidential Decree No. 917 of 22 December 1986, as 
amended and supplemented ("Decree No. 917").  
Pursuant to Article 44 of Decree No. 917, securities qualify as titoli similari alle obbligazioni (securities 
similar to bonds), if such securities (i) incorporate an unconditional obligation to pay, at maturity, an 
amount not lower than their nominal value, with or without the payment of periodic interest and (ii) do 
not give any right to participate directly or indirectly in the management of the issuer or of the business 
in connection to which the securities were issued, nor to control the same. 
Pursuant to Article 2, para. 22 of Law Decree No. 138 of 13 August 2011 (as converted with 
amendments by Law No. 148 of 14 September 2011), the tax regime set forth by Decree No. 239 also 
applies to Interest from regulatory capital financial instruments (strumenti finanziari rilevanti in materia 
di adeguatezza patrimoniale) complying with EU and Italian regulatory laws and regulations issued by, 
inter alia, Italian banks, other than shares and assimilated instruments. 
Notes that qualify as obbligazioni or titoli similari alle obbligazioni 
Italian tax resident Noteholders 
Pursuant to Decree No. 239, payments of Interest relating to Notes are subject to a substitute tax 
(referred to as "imposta sostitutiva") levied at the rate of 26% (either when Interest is paid or when

--- Page 147 ---
10286974115-v8 
145 
47-41075393 
 
payment thereof is obtained by the holder on a sale of the Notes) where an Italian tax resident holder 
of Notes is the beneficial owner of such Notes, and is: 
(a) 
an individual not holding the Notes in connection with an entrepreneurial activity; or 
(b) 
a partnership (other than a società in nome collettivo or società in accomandita semplice or 
similar partnership) or a de facto partnership not carrying out commercial activities; or 
(c) 
a private or public institution, other than companies, or a trust not carrying out mainly or 
exclusively commercial activities, or the Italian State or other public and territorial entities; or 
(d) 
an investor exempt from Italian corporate income taxation, 
unless the Noteholders referred to under (a), (b) and (c) above have entrusted the management of their 
financial assets, including the Notes, to an authorised intermediary and has opted for the so-called 
risparmio gestito regime (the "Asset Management Option") pursuant to Article 7 of Italian Legislative 
Decree No. 461 of 21 November 1997, as amended and supplemented ("Decree No. 461"). 
All the above categories are referred to as "net recipients". 
Where the holders of the Notes described in (a) and (c) above are engaged in an entrepreneurial activity 
to which the Notes are connected, the substitute tax applies as a provisional tax creditable against the 
overall income tax due. 
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), Italian resident 
individuals not acting in connection with an entrepreneurial activity or social security entities pursuant 
to Legislative Decree No. 509 of 30 June 1994 and Legislative Decree No. 103 of 10 February 1996 
may be exempt from any income taxation, including the substitute tax, on Interest relating to the Notes, 
if the Notes are included in a long-term savings account (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) 
that meets the requirements from time to time applicable under Italian law.  
Pursuant to Decree No. 239, the 26% substitute tax is applied by (i) banks, società di intermediazione 
mobiliare ("SIMs"), fiduciary companies, società di gestione del risparmio ("SGRs"), stockbrokers and 
other qualified entities resident in Italy, (ii) permanent establishments in Italy of banks or intermediaries 
resident outside Italy or (iii) an entity or a company not resident in Italy, acting through a system of 
centralised administration of notes and directly connected with the Department of Revenue of the Italian 
Ministry of Finance having appointed an Italian representative for the purposes of Decree No. 239 (the 
persons indicated in (i) to (iii) above the "Intermediaries" and each an "Intermediary"). For the 
purposes of applying substitute tax, Intermediaries must intervene, in any way, in the collection of 
Interest accrued on the Notes or in the transfer of the Notes or in any change of Intermediary with which 
the Notes are deposited or in a transfer from a deposit to a different deposit held with the same 
Intermediary. 
Where the Notes are not deposited with an Intermediary, the substitute tax is applied and withheld by 
any Intermediary intervening in the payment of Interest or, in the absence of any such Intermediary, by 
the Issuer (provided that the payment of Interest is made directly by the Issuer). 
Where an Italian tax resident Noteholder (being the beneficial owner of payments of Interest on the 
Notes) is (i) a company or similar commercial entity, or a permanent establishment in Italy of foreign 
corporation to which the Notes are effectively connected; (ii) an Italian resident partnership carrying out 
commercial activities (società in nome collettivo or società in accomandita semplice); (iii) an Italian 
resident individual not holding the Notes in connection with an entrepreneurial activity who has 
entrusted the management of their financial assets, including the Notes, to an Italian authorised financial 
intermediary and has opted for the Asset Management Option regime and the Notes are deposited with 
an Intermediary, Interest would not be subject to substitute tax.

--- Page 148 ---
10286974115-v8 
146 
47-41075393 
 
Interest accrued on the Notes – that are deposited with an Intermediary – are included in the corporate 
taxable income (IRES) and, in certain circumstances, depending on the "status" of the Noteholders, 
also included in the net value of production for the purposes of regional tax on productive activities 
(IRAP) of Italian resident corporations or Italian permanent establishments of foreign entities (who are 
beneficial owners) to which the Notes are effectively connected, subject to taxation according to the 
ordinary rules and at the ordinary rates. 
If the Noteholder (being the beneficial owner of payments of Interest on the Notes) is an Italian pension 
fund subject to the regime provided under Legislative Decree No. 252 of 5 December 2005 (the "Italian 
Pension Fund"), and the Notes are deposited with an Intermediary, Interest would not be subject to 
substitute tax but would be included in the annual net accrued results of such pension funds, which is 
subject to a 20% annual substitute tax. Subject to certain conditions (including minimum holding period 
requirement) and limitations, interest, premium and other income relating to the Notes may be excluded 
from the taxable base of the 20% substitute tax if the Notes are included in a long-term savings account 
(piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements from time to time applicable 
under Italian law. 
If the Noteholder (being the beneficial owner of payments of Interest on the Notes) is an open-ended or 
a closed-ended investment fund, a Società di Investimento a Capitale Fisso ("SICAF") (other than a 
Real Estate Investment Fund (as defined below)) or a Società di Investimento a Capitale Variabile 
("SICAV") established in Italy (together, the "Fund") and either (i) the Fund or (ii) its manager is subject 
to the supervision of a regulatory authority and the Notes are deposited with an authorized intermediary 
(as defined below), Interest accrued during the holding period on such Notes will not be subject to 
imposta sostitutiva nor to any other income at the level of the Fund, but must be included in the 
management results of the Fund accrued at the end of each tax period. The Fund will not be subject to 
taxation on such result, but a withholding tax of 26% will apply, in certain circumstances, to distributions 
made in favor of unitholders or shareholders or in case of redemption or sale of the units or shares in 
the Fund. 
Under the current regime provided by Law Decree No. 351 of 25 September 2001 converted into law 
with amendments by Law No. 410 of 23 November 2001 ("Decree 351"), and Article 9, par. 1, Legislative 
Decree No. 44 of 4 March 2014, payments of Interest in respect of the Notes made to Italian resident 
real estate investment funds established pursuant to Article 37 of Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 
February 1998 (the "Financial Services Act") or pursuant to Article 14-bis of Law No. 86 of 25 January 
1994, and Italian real estate investment companies with fixed capital (the Real Estate SICAFs and, 
together with the Italian resident real estate investment funds, the "Real Estate Investment Funds") 
are subject neither to imposta sostitutiva – provided that the Notes are timely deposited with an 
authorised intermediary – nor to any other income tax in the hands of the Real Estate Fund, but 
subsequent distributions made in favour of unitholders or shareholders will be subject, in certain 
circumstances, to a withholding tax of 26%; subject to certain conditions, depending on the status of 
the investor and percentage of participation, income of the Real Estate Investment Fund is subject to 
taxation in the hands of the unitholder or shareholder regardless of distribution. 
Non-Italian tax resident Noteholders 
Pursuant to Decree No. 239, payments of Interest in respect of Notes are not subject to substitute tax 
provided that: 
(a) 
payments are made to non-Italian resident beneficial owners of the Notes with no permanent 
establishment in Italy to which the Notes are effectively connected; 
(b) 
such beneficial owners are resident, for tax purposes, in a country which allows for a 
satisfactory exchange of information with Italy and listed in the Italian Ministerial Decree dated 
4 September 1996, as amended from time to time (the "White List"); and

--- Page 149 ---
10286974115-v8 
147 
47-41075393 
 
(c) 
all the requirements and procedures set forth in Decree No. 239 and in the relevant 
implementation rules, as subsequently amended, in order to benefit from the exemption from 
substitute tax are complied with in due time. 
Decree No. 239 provides for additional exemptions from substitute tax for payments of Interest made 
to: (i) international entities and organisations established in accordance with international agreements 
ratified by Italy; (ii) institutional investors, whether or not subject to tax, established in a State listed in 
the White List; and (iii) Central Banks or entities which manage, inter alia, the official reserves of a 
foreign State. 
To ensure payment of Interest in respect of the Notes without the application of 26% substitute tax, non-
Italian resident Noteholders indicated above must: 
(a) 
be the beneficial owners of payments of Interest on the Notes; 
(b) 
deposit the Notes in due time, inclusive of their related rights to receive Interest thereon, 
together with the coupons directly or indirectly with: 
(i) 
an Italian or non-Italian resident bank or financial institution (there is no requirement for 
the bank or financial institution to be EU resident) (the "First Level Bank"), acting as 
intermediary in the deposit of the Notes held, directly or indirectly, by the Noteholder 
with a Second Level Bank (as defined below); or 
(ii) 
an Italian resident bank or SIM, or a permanent establishment in Italy of a non-resident 
bank or SIM, acting as depositary or sub-depositary of the Notes appointed to maintain 
direct relationships, via telematic link, with the Department of Revenue of the Ministry 
of Economy and Finance (the "Second Level Bank"). Organizations and companies 
that are not resident of Italy, acting through a system of centralized administration of 
securities and directly connected with the Department of Revenue of the Italian Ministry 
of Economy and Finance (which include Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg) are 
treated as Second Level Banks, provided that they appoint an Italian representative 
(an Italian resident bank or SIM, or the permanent establishment in Italy of a non-
resident bank or SIM, or a central depositary of financial instruments pursuant to Article 
80 of the Italian Financial Services Act) for the purposes of the application of Decree 
No. 239. If a non-Italian resident Noteholder deposits the Notes directly with a Second 
Level Bank, the latter shall be treated both as a First Level Bank and a Second Level 
Bank; and 
(c) 
file in due time with the relevant depository a declaration (autocertificazione) stating, inter alia, 
that they are resident, for tax purposes, in a country which recognises the Italian tax authorities' 
right to an adequate exchange of information. Such declaration (autocertificazione) which must 
comply with the requirements set forth by a Decree of the Ministry for the Economy and Finance 
of 12 December 2001 (as amended and supplemented from time to time), is valid until 
withdrawn or revoked and needs not be submitted where a certificate, declaration or other 
similar document meant for equivalent uses was previously submitted to the same depository. 
Additional 
requirements 
are 
provided 
for 
institutional 
investors. 
The 
declaration 
(autocertificazione) is not required for non-Italian resident investors that are international 
entities and organisations established in accordance with international agreements ratified by 
Italy and Central Banks or entities which manage, inter alia, the official reserves of a foreign 
state. 
Failure of a non-resident Noteholder to comply in due time with the procedures set forth in Decree No. 
239 and in the relevant implementation rules results in the application of substitute tax on Interest paid 
to such non-Italian resident Noteholder.

--- Page 150 ---
10286974115-v8 
148 
47-41075393 
 
Should the exemption described above not apply, the 26% substitute tax may be reduced under certain 
applicable double tax treaties entered into by Italy and the country of residence of the relevant 
Noteholder, if more favourable, subject to timely filing of required documentation. 
Fungible issues 
Pursuant to Article 11, paragraph 2 of Decree No. 239, where the relevant Issuer issues a new Tranche 
forming part of a single series with a previous Tranche, for the purposes of calculating the amount of 
Interest subject to substitute tax, the issue price of the new Tranche will be deemed to be the same 
amount as the issue price of the original Tranche. This rule applies where (a) the new Tranche is issued 
within 12 months from the issue date of the previous Tranche and (b) the difference between the issue 
price of the new Tranche and that of the original Tranche does not exceed 1% multiplied by the number 
of years of the duration of the Notes. 
Notes that qualify as atypical securities 
Interest payments relating to Notes qualifying as atypical securities (titoli atipici) according to Article 5 
of Law Decree No. 512 of 30 September 1983, as amended, are subject to withholding tax levied at a 
rate of 26% (final or on account depending on the "status" and tax residence of the Noteholder). 
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), Italian resident 
individuals not acting in connection with an entrepreneurial activity or social security entities pursuant 
to Legislative Decree No. 509 of 30 June 1994 and Legislative Decree No. 103 of 10 February 1996 
may be exempt from any income taxation, including the withholding tax on interest, premium and other 
income relating to the Notes not falling within the category of bonds (obbligazioni) or debentures similar 
to bonds (titoli similari alle obbligazioni), shares or securities similar to shares pursuant to Article 44 of 
Presidential Decree No. 917 of 22 December 1986 (as amended) if such Notes are included in a long-
term individual savings account (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the 
requirements from time to time applicable under Italian law. 
Where the Noteholder is (a) an Italian individual engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which the 
Notes are connected, (b) an Italian company or a similar Italian commercial entity, (c) a permanent 
establishment in Italy of a foreign entity, (d) an Italian commercial partnership or (e) an Italian 
commercial private or public institution, such withholding tax is a provisional withholding tax. In all other 
cases, including when the Noteholder is a non-Italian resident, the withholding tax is a final withholding 
tax. 
The withholding tax may be reduced under certain applicable double tax treaties entered into by Italy 
and the country of residence of the relevant Noteholder, if more favourable, subject to timely filing of 
required documentation. 
Capital gains 
Italian tax resident Noteholders 
Capital gains deriving from the disposal, sale or redemption of the Notes obtained by an Italian tax 
resident Noteholder being (i) an individual not holding the Notes in connection with an entrepreneurial 
activity, (ii) a partnership (other than a società in nome collettivo or in accomandita semplice) or a de 
facto partnership not carrying out commercial activities, (iii) a private or public institution, other than 
companies, a trust not carrying out mainly or exclusively commercial activities; (iv) an investor exempt 
from Italian corporate income taxation are subject to a substitute tax (imposta sostitutiva) provided for 
by Decree No. 461, levied at the rate of 26%. 
In respect of the application of the mentioned substitute tax, pursuant to one of the following regimes:

--- Page 151 ---
10286974115-v8 
149 
47-41075393 
 
(a) 
under the so called "tax return regime" (regime della dichiarazione), which is the standard 
regime for taxation of capital gains realised by Italian resident Noteholders under (i) to (iii) 
above, the 26% tax is chargeable on a cumulative basis, on all capital gains net of any incurred 
offsettable capital loss realised by any such taxpayer on the disposal, sale or redemption of the 
Notes occurring in any given tax year. Such gain, net of any incurred offsettable capital loss, 
must be reported in the year-end tax return and the tax must be paid on the capital gain together 
with any income tax due for the relevant tax year. Capital losses in excess of capital gains may 
be carried forward against capital gains of the same kind for up to the fourth subsequent tax 
years. This regime automatically applies if the Noteholders does not expressly opt for one of 
the following regimes: 
(b) 
under the discretionary investment portfolio regime provided by Article 6 of Decree No. 461 
(regime del risparmio amministrato), Noteholders under (i) to (iii) above may elect to pay the 
tax separately on capital gains realised on each sale or redemption of the Notes. This separate 
taxation of capital gains is allowed subject to (x) the Notes being deposited with an authorised 
Intermediary and (y) the taxpayer making a timely election in writing for the risparmio 
amministrato regime, addressed to any such Intermediary. The Intermediary is then responsible 
for accounting for imposta sostitutiva in respect of capital gains realised on each disposal, sale 
or redemption of the Notes (as well as in respect of capital gains realised upon the revocation 
of its mandate), net of any incurred capital loss and is required to pay the relevant amount to 
the Italian tax authorities on behalf of the Noteholder deducting a corresponding amount from 
the proceeds to be credited to the Noteholder or using funds provided by the Noteholder for 
this purpose. Losses may be deducted from capital gains subsequently realised within the same 
securities portfolio in the same tax period or may be carried forward in the following years up 
to the fourth. Under the risparmio amministrato regime, the Noteholder is not required to report 
the capital gains in his annual tax return; 
(c) 
under the Asset Management Option regime (regime del risparmio gestito) Noteholders under 
(i) to (iii) above having entrusted the management of their Notes to an authorised Intermediary, 
capital gains will be included in the annual appreciation of the investment portfolio accrued 
(including the gains realised on the disposal, sale or redemption of the Notes), even if not 
realised, and at year-end will be subject to a 26% substitute tax to be paid directly by the 
Intermediary. Any depreciation of the investment portfolio accrued at year-end may be carried 
forward and netted against the appreciation accrued in any of the four succeeding tax years. 
Under such regime, the Noteholder is not required to report the capital gains realised in his 
annual tax return. 
Capital gains realised by Italian companies or similar commercial entities (including permanent 
establishments in Italy of foreign corporation to which the Notes are effectively connected) to which the 
Notes are effectively connected, are included in the overall taxable business income subject to 
corporate income tax (IRES) and, in certain circumstances, depending on the status of the Noteholder, 
also in the net value of production for the purposes of the regional tax on productive activities (IRAP). 
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), Italian resident 
individuals not engaged in an entrepreneurial activity or social security entities pursuant to Legislative 
Decree No. 509 of 30 June 1994 and Legislative Decree No. 103 of 10 February 1996 may be exempt 
from Italian capital gain taxes, including the substitute tax, on capital gains realised upon sale or 
redemption of the Notes if the Notes are included in a long-term savings account (piano individuale di 
risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements from time to time applicable under Italian law. 
In the case of Notes held by Italian Pension Funds, capital gains on the Notes are included in the annual 
net accrued result of same Pension Funds, which is generally subject to a 20% substitute tax. Subject

--- Page 152 ---
10286974115-v8 
150 
47-41075393 
 
to certain conditions (including a minimum holding period) and limitations, capital gains on the Notes 
may be excluded from the taxable base of 20% substitute tax if the Notes are included in a long-term 
individual savings account (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements 
set forth by Italian law, as amended and supplemented from time to time. 
In the case of Notes held by Funds, capital gains realised upon disposal of the Notes are not taxable at 
the level of such Funds but will be included in the result of the relevant portfolio accrued at the end of 
the relevant tax period. Generally, a 26% withholding tax applies on distributions to the unit holders or 
shareholders which will include the results of the portfolio at the end of the tax period (on account of 
taxes or as final tax depending on the status of the unit holder or shareholder), subject to certain 
exemptions. 
Capital gains on Notes held by Real Estate Investment Funds will be subject neither to substitute tax 
nor to any other income tax at the level of the Real Estate Investment Fund. However, a withholding 
tax or a substitute tax at the rate of 26% will apply, in certain circumstances, to income realized by 
unitholders or shareholders in case of distributions, redemption or sale of the units or shares. Subject 
to certain conditions and depending on the status and percentage of participation held, income realized 
by a Real Estate Investment Fund is attributed to the relevant investors and subject to tax in their hands, 
irrespective of its actual collection and in proportion to the percentage of ownership of units on a tax 
transparency basis. 
Non-Italian tax resident Noteholders 
The 26% capital gains tax may, in certain circumstances, be payable on any capital gains realised upon 
sale, transfer or redemption of the Notes by non-Italian tax resident individuals and corporations without 
a permanent establishment in Italy to which the Notes are effectively connected, if the Notes are held 
or deemed to be held in Italy. 
However, pursuant to Article 23, first paragraph, letter f), of Decree No. 917, any capital gains realized 
by non-Italian resident investors, without a permanent establishment in Italy to which the Notes are 
effectively connected, through the sale for consideration or redemption of the Notes are not subject to 
taxation in Italy to the extent that the Notes are traded on a regulated market in Italy or abroad 
(according to the meaning identified by the Italian tax authorities in Circular Letter No. 32/E of December 
23, 2020), and in certain cases subject to timely filing of required documentation (i.e. a self-declaration 
stating that the person is not resident in Italy for tax purposes) with Italian qualified Intermediaries (or 
permanent establishments in Italy of foreign Intermediaries) with which the Notes are deposited, even 
if the Notes are held in Italy and regardless of the provisions set forth by any applicable double tax 
treaty.  
Pursuant to Decree No. 461, capital gains realised by non-Italian resident Noteholders from the sale or 
redemption of the Notes that are (x) not traded on a regulated market (according to the meaning 
identified by the Italian tax authorities in Circular Letter No. 32/E if December 23, 2020) in Italy or abroad 
and (y) are held in Italy, are not subject to imposta sostitutiva, provided that the beneficial owner is (i) 
resident for tax purposes in a country included in the White List; or (ii) an international entity and 
organisation established in accordance with international agreements ratified by Italy; or (iii) an 
institutional investor, whether or not subject to tax, established in a State listed in the White List; or (iv) 
a Central Bank or entity which manages, inter alia, the official reserves of a foreign State and proper 
documentation is filed satisfying the same conditions set forth above to benefit from the exemption from 
imposta sostituiva in accordance with Decree No. 239. 
If none of the above conditions is met, capital gains from the sale or redemption of the Notes realised 
by non-Italian resident Noteholders without a permanent establishment in Italy to which the Notes are 
effectively connected will be subject to imposta sostitutiva at the current rate of 26%.

--- Page 153 ---
10286974115-v8 
151 
47-41075393 
 
In any event, non-Italian resident individuals or entities without a permanent establishment in Italy to 
which the Notes are effectively connected that may benefit from a double taxation treaty with Italy 
providing that capital gains realised upon sale or redemption of Notes are to be taxed only in the country 
of tax residence of the recipient, will not be subject to tax in Italy on any capital gains realised upon sale 
for consideration or redemption of Notes, subject to satisfying certain conditions. 
Inheritance and gift tax 
Pursuant to Law Decree No. 262 of 3 October 2006, converted into law with amendments by Law No. 
286 of 24 November 2006 (as amended), the transfer of any valuable assets (including the Notes) as a 
result of death or donation (or other transfers for no consideration) and the creation of liens on such 
assets for a specific purpose are taxed as follows. 
Inheritance and gift taxes apply according to the following rates and exclusions: 
(a) 
transfers in favour of spouses and direct descendants or ancestors are subject to an inheritance 
and gift tax applied at a 4% rate on the value of the Notes exceeding €1,000,000 (per 
beneficiary); 
(b) 
transfers in favour of brothers or sisters are subject to an inheritance and gift tax applied at a 
6% rate on the value of the Notes exceeding €100,000 (per beneficiary); 
(c) 
transfers in favour of relatives up to the fourth degree and relatives-in-law up to the third degree 
are subject to an inheritance and gift tax applied at a 6% rate on the entire value of the Notes; 
and 
(d) 
any other transfer is subject to an inheritance and gift tax applied at a 8% rate on the entire 
value of the Notes. 
If the beneficiary of any such transfer is a disabled individual, whose handicap is recognised pursuant 
to Law No. 104 of 5 February 1992, the tax is applied only on the value of the Notes received in excess 
of €1,500,000 at the rates illustrated above, depending on the type of relationship existing between the 
deceased or donor and the beneficiary. 
If the Notes are included in a long-term individual savings account (piano individual di risparmio a lungo 
termine) to the extent that it meets the requirements set forth by Italian law, Notes will be excluded from 
inheritance tax. 
Stamp duties on financial instruments 
Pursuant to Article 13, para. 2-ter of the Tariff, Annex A, Part I, attached to Presidential Decree No. 642 
of 26 October 1972, a proportional stamp duty applies on an annual basis to any periodic reporting 
communication which is, or is deemed to be, sent by a financial intermediary to a Noteholder in respect 
of any Notes which may be deposited with such financial intermediary. 
The stamp duty applies at a rate of 0.2% and is determined on the basis of the market value or, if no 
market value figure is available, on the nominal value or redemption amount of the Notes held. The 
stamp duty cannot exceed €14,000 for taxpayers other than for individuals. 
Certain aspects of the relevant discipline have been clarified and implemented by Ministerial Decree of 
24 May 2012 issued by the Ministry of Economy and Finance. 
Stamp duty applies both to Italian resident and non-Italian resident Noteholders, to the extent that Notes 
are held with an Italian-based financial intermediary, in which case Italian wealth tax (see below "Wealth 
tax on securities deposited abroad") applies to Italian resident Noteholders only.

--- Page 154 ---
10286974115-v8 
152 
47-41075393 
 
Wealth tax on securities deposited abroad 
Pursuant to Article 19(18) of Decree No. 201 of 6 December 2011, converted with Law No. 214 of 22 
December 2011 ("Decree No. 201"), as subsequently amended, Italian resident individuals, non-profit 
entities and certain partnerships (società semplici or similar partnerships in accordance with Article 5 
of Presidential Decree No. 917) holding financial products (including the Notes) outside Italian territory 
are required to pay an additional tax at a rate of 0.2% ("Ivafe") which, for taxpayers other than 
individuals, cannot exceed €14,000. Article 1, para. 91, letter b) of Law No. 2013 of 30 December 2023 
introduces the new Article 19, para. 20-bis of Decree No. 201 which provides that for financial products 
(including the Notes) held in states or territories with a privileged tax regime, identified by the Decree 
of the Minister of Economy and Finance of May 4, 1999, as amended from time to time, from 2024 the 
tax rate is equal to 0.4%.  
This tax is calculated on the market value of the Notes at the end of the relevant year or, if no market 
value figure is available, the tax is computed on the nominal value or on the redemption value of the 
financial assets. Taxpayers are entitled to an as tax credit equivalent to the amount of wealth taxes paid 
in the State where the financial assets are held (up to an amount equal to the Italian wealth tax due). 
Tax monitoring requirements 
Pursuant to Law Decree No. 167 of 28 June 1990 converted into Law No. 227 of 4 August 1990, as 
amended from time to time, individuals, non-profit entities and certain partnerships (in particular, società 
semplici and assimilated entities referred to in Article 5 of Decree No. 917) resident for tax purposes in 
Italy are required – under certain conditions – to report in their yearly income tax return, for tax 
monitoring purposes, the quality and value of securities (including the Notes) held abroad (or 
beneficially owned abroad under Italian anti-money laundering provisions) during the tax year. 
The above persons are, however, not required to comply with the reporting requirements in respect of 
securities deposited with qualified Italian financial intermediaries and in respect of contracts entered 
into through their intervention, upon condition that (i) the items of income derived from such securities 
are collected through the intervention of the same intermediaries and (ii) the intermediaries apply the 
relevant withholding tax or substitute tax on that income. 
Proposed Financial Transaction Tax 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal for a Directive for a common 
financial transaction tax ("FTT") in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, 
Portugal, Slovenia and Slovakia (the "participating Member States"). However, Estonia has since 
stated that it will not participate. 
The Proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings in Notes 
(including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances. The issuance and subscription of 
Notes should, however, be exempt. 
Under the proposal the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and outside of 
the participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in Notes where at least 
one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a participating Member State. 
A financial institution may be, or be deemed to be, "established" in a participating Member State in a 
broad range of circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person established in a participating 
Member State or (b) where the financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued in a 
participating Member State. 
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between the participating Member States 
and it may therefore be altered prior to any implementation or implemented after the above mentioned 
date. In addition, other EU Member States may decide to participate.

--- Page 155 ---
10286974115-v8 
153 
47-41075393 
 
Prospective holders of Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the FTT. 
Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as FATCA, 
a foreign financial institution (as defined by FATCA) may be required to withhold on certain payments 
it makes (foreign pass-thru payments) to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting or 
related requirements. The Issuer is a foreign financial institution for these purposes. A number of 
jurisdictions (including the Republic of Italy) have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, 
intergovernmental agreements with the United States to implement FATCA (IGAs), which modify the 
way in which FATCA applies in their jurisdictions. Under the provisions of IGAs as currently in effect, a 
foreign financial institution in an IGA jurisdiction would generally not be required to withhold under 
FATCA or an IGA from payments that it makes. Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA 
provisions and IGAs to instruments such as Notes, including whether withholding would ever be 
required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as Notes, are 
uncertain and may be subject to change. Even if withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or 
an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as Notes, such withholding would not apply prior 
to the date that is two years after the date of publication of final regulations with the U.S. Federal 
Register defining foreign pass-thru payments. To date such final regulations have not yet been 
published. Noteholders should consult their own tax advisers regarding how these rules may apply to 
their investment in Notes. In the event any withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA 
with respect to payments on the Notes, no person will be required to pay additional amounts as a result 
of the withholding.

--- Page 156 ---
10286974115-v8 
154 
47-41075393 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Notes may be sold from time to time by the Issuer to any one or more of the Dealers. The arrangements 
under which the Issuer may agree from time to time to sell Notes and the relevant Dealer(s) may agree 
to purchase are set out in an amended and restated Dealer Agreement dated 24 July 2024 (the "Dealer 
Agreement") and made between the Issuer and the Dealers. 
Any agreement for the sale and purchase of Notes will, inter alia, make provision for the form and terms 
and conditions of the relevant Notes, the price at which such Notes will be purchased by the Dealers 
and the commissions or other agreed deductibles (if any) payable or allowable by the Issuer in respect 
of such purchase. 
The Dealer Agreement makes provision for the resignation or termination of appointment of existing 
Dealers and for the appointment of additional or other Dealers, either generally in respect of the 
Programme or in relation to a particular Tranche of Notes. 
The relevant Dealers will be entitled in certain circumstances to be released and discharged from their 
obligations in respect of a proposed issue of Notes under or pursuant to the Dealer Agreement prior to 
the closing of the issue of such Notes, including in the event that certain conditions precedent are not 
delivered or met to their satisfaction on or before the issue date of such Notes. In this situation, the 
issuance of such Notes may not be completed. Investors will have no rights against the Issuer or the 
relevant Dealers in respect of any expense incurred or loss suffered in these circumstances. 
United States of America 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and may not be offered or 
sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain 
transactions exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this 
paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S. 
The Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the 
United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions permitted 
by U.S. tax regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the United 
States Internal Revenue Code and regulations thereunder. 
Each Dealer has agreed that, except as permitted by the Dealer Agreement, it will not offer, sell or 
deliver Notes, (i) as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after the completion 
of the distribution of the Notes comprising the relevant Tranche, as certified to the Paying Agent or the 
Issuer by such Dealer (or, in the case of a sale of a Tranche of Notes to or through more than one 
Dealer, by each of such Dealers as to the Notes of such Tranche purchased by or through it, in which 
case the Paying Agent or the Issuer shall notify each such Dealer when all such Dealers have so 
certified) within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons, and such Dealer 
will have sent to each dealer to which it sells Notes during the distribution compliance period relating 
thereto a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes within 
the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. 
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of Notes comprising any Tranche, any 
offer or sale of Notes within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) 
may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
Republic of Italy 
The offering of the Notes has not been registered with the Italian Commissione Nazionale per le Società 
e la Borsa ("CONSOB") pursuant to Italian securities legislation and, accordingly, no Notes may be

--- Page 157 ---
10286974115-v8 
155 
47-41075393 
 
offered, sold or delivered, nor may copies of this Base Prospectus or of any other document relating to 
the Notes be distributed in the Republic of Italy, except: 
(a) 
to qualified investors (investitori qualificati), as defined pursuant to Article 2, paragraph 1, letter 
e), of the Prospectus Regulation and any applicable provision of Legislative Decree No. 58 of 
24 February 1998, as amended (the "Financial Services Act") and CONSOB regulations; 
(b) 
in respect of any Notes in respect of which the final terms specify “Prohibition of Sales to EEA 
Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, that it may offer, sell or deliver Notes or distribute copies 
of any prospectus relating to such Notes in an offer to the public in the Republic of Italy in the 
period commencing on the date of publication of such prospectus, provided that such 
prospectus has been approved in another Relevant Member State and notified to CONSOB, all 
in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation, the Financial Services Act and CONSOB 
Regulation No. 11971 of 14 May 1999, as amended ("Regulation No. 11971"), and ending on 
the date which is 12 months after the date of approval of such prospectus; or 
(c) 
in other circumstances which are exempted from the rules on public offerings pursuant to Article 
1 of the Prospectus Regulation and Article 34-ter of Regulation No. 11971, and in accordance 
with any applicable Italian laws and regulations. 
Any offer, sale or delivery of the Notes or distribution of copies of this Base Prospectus or any other 
document relating to the Notes in the Republic of Italy must be made in compliance with the selling 
restriction under paragraph (a), (b) or (c) above and must: 
(i) 
be made by soggetti abilitati (including investment firms, banks or financial intermediaries), as 
defined by Article 1, first paragraph, letter r), of the Financial Services Act, permitted to conduct 
such activities in the Republic of Italy in accordance with the relevant provisions of the Financial 
Services Act, CONSOB Regulation No. 20307 of 15 February 2018 (as amended from time to 
time) and Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993, as amended (the "Banking Act") 
and any other applicable laws and regulations; and 
(ii) 
comply with any other applicable laws and regulations or requirement imposed by CONSOB, 
the Bank of Italy (including the reporting requirements pursuant to Article 129 of the Banking 
Act and the implementing guidelines of the Bank of Italy, issued on 25 August 2015 and 
amended on 10 August 2016 and on 2 November 2020, as further amended from time to time, 
pursuant to which the Bank of Italy may request periodic reporting, data and information on the 
issue or the offer of securities in the Republic of Italy) and/or any other competent authority. 
Provisions relating to the secondary market in the Republic of Italy 
Investors should also note that, in accordance with Article 100-bis of the Financial Services Act, where 
no exemption from the rules on public offerings applies under (a) or (c) above, the subsequent resale 
of the Notes on the secondary market in the Republic of Italy must be made in compliance with the law 
relating to public offers of securities and the prospectus requirement rules provided under the 
Prospectus Regulation. Furthermore, Article 100-bis of Financial Services Act provides that where the 
Notes are placed in the Republic of Italy or abroad solely with "qualified investors" and are then 
systematically resold in the Republic of Italy to non-qualified investors on the secondary market at any 
time in the 12 months following such placing, purchasers of Notes who are acting outside of the course 
of their business or profession may in certain circumstances be entitled to declare such purchase void 
and, in addition, to claim damages from any authorised intermediary from which the Notes were 
purchased, unless an exemption provided for under the Prospectus Regulation or the Financial Services 
Act or Regulation No. 11971 applies.

--- Page 158 ---
10286974115-v8 
156 
47-41075393 
 
France 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and undertaken to the Issuer and each other Dealer (if any) 
that it has not offered or sold, and will not offer or sell, directly or indirectly, any Notes to the public in 
the Republic of France and it has not distributed or caused to be distributed, and will not distribute or 
cause to be distributed, to the public in France the Base Prospectus, the relevant Final Terms or any 
other offering material relating to the Notes and such offers, sales and distributions have been and will 
be made in France only to (a) persons providing investment services relating to portfolio management 
for the account of third parties (personnes fournissant le service d'investissement de gestion de 
portefeuille pour compte de tiers), and/or (b) qualified investors (investisseurs qualifiés), other than 
individuals, as defined in, and in accordance with, Articles L.411-1, L.411-2 and D.411-1 of the French 
Code monétaire et financier. 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act 
of Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948), as amended (the "FIEA"). Accordingly, each Dealer has represented 
and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and 
agree, that it has not, directly or indirectly, offered or sold and will not, directly or indirectly, offer to sell 
any Notes in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, a resident of Japan (which term as used herein means 
any person resident in Japan, including any corporation or other entity organised under the laws of 
Japan) or to others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any 
resident in Japan, except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise 
in compliance with, FIEA and other relevant laws and regulations of Japan. 
European Economic Area 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors", each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed 
under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not offered, sold or 
otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the 
subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in 
relation thereto to any retail investor in the European Economic Area. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
"EU MiFID II"); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 ("Insurance Distribution 
Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in 
point (10) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor, as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of 
sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an 
investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes does not include a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to 
EEA Retail Investors", in relation to each Member State of the European Economic Area, each Dealer 
has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject 
of the offering contemplated by this Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to

--- Page 159 ---
10286974115-v8 
157 
47-41075393 
 
the public in that Member State, except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in that 
Member State: 
(a) 
Non-exempt offers: if the Final Terms in relation to the Notes specify that an offer of those 
Notes may be made other than pursuant to Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation in that 
Member State (a "Non-exempt Offer"), following the date of publication of a prospectus in 
relation to such Notes which has been approved by the competent authority in that Member 
State or, where appropriate, approved in another Member State and notified to the competent 
authority in that Member State, provided that any such prospectus has subsequently been 
completed by the final terms contemplating such Non-exempt Offer, in accordance with the 
Prospectus Regulation, in the period beginning and ending on the dates specified in such 
prospectus or final terms, as applicable and the Issuer has consented in writing to its use for 
the purpose of that Non-exempt Offer; 
(b) 
Qualified investors: at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in 
the Prospectus Regulation; 
(c) 
Fewer than 150 offerees: at any time to fewer than 150, natural or legal persons (other than 
qualified investors as defined in the Prospectus Regulation), subject to obtaining the prior 
consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(d) 
Other exempt offers: at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the 
Prospectus Regulation. 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (b) to (d) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer 
to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus 
pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an "offer of Notes to the public" in relation to any 
Notes in any Relevant State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide 
to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
United Kingdom 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes incudes the legend "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made 
available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the 
offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to 
any retail investor in the United Kingdom. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it 
forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
("EUWA"); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets 
Act 2000 (the "FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement 
Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, 
as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of 
UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor, as defined in the UK Prospectus Regulation; and

--- Page 160 ---
10286974115-v8 
158 
47-41075393 
 
(b) 
the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of 
sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an 
investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes does not include the legend "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of 
Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the 
Final Terms in relation thereto to the public in the United Kingdom except that it may make an offer of 
such Notes to the public in the United Kingdom: 
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK Prospectus 
Regulation"); 
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined 
in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the United Kingdom subject to obtaining the 
prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer 
to publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to 
Article 23 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an "offer of Notes to the public" in relation to any 
Notes means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms 
of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe 
for the Notes. 
In addition, each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed that: 
(a) 
No deposit-taking: in relation to any Notes having a maturity of less than one year: 
(i) 
it is a person whose ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or 
disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of its business; and 
(ii) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes other than to persons: 
(A) 
whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or 
disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their 
businesses; or 
(B) 
who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses, 
where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention by the Issuer of Section 
19 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the "FSMA"); 
(b) 
Financial promotion: it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only 
communicate or cause to be communicated any invitation or inducement to engage in 
investment activity (within the meaning of Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection 
with the issue or sale of any Notes in circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does 
not apply to the Issuer; and

--- Page 161 ---
10286974115-v8 
159 
47-41075393 
 
(c) 
General compliance: it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA 
with respect to anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the 
United Kingdom. 
General 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed that, to the best of its knowledge and belief, it has 
complied and will comply with all applicable laws and regulations in each country or jurisdiction in which 
it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or has in its possession or distributes this Base Prospectus 
or any Final Terms or related offering material, in all cases at its own expense. Other persons into 
whose hands this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms comes are required by the Issuer and the 
Dealers to comply with all applicable laws and regulations in each country or jurisdiction in or from which 
they purchase, offer, sell or deliver Notes or have in their possession or distribute such offering material, 
in all cases at their own expense. 
The Dealer Agreement provides that the Dealers shall not be bound by any of the restrictions relating 
to any specific jurisdiction (set out above) to the extent that such restrictions shall, as a result of 
change(s), or change(s) in official interpretation, after the date hereof of applicable laws and regulations, 
no longer be applicable but without prejudice to the obligations of the Dealers described in the 
paragraph headed "General" above. 
Selling restrictions may be supplemented or modified with the agreement of the Issuer. Any such 
supplement or modification will (if required by applicable law) be set out in a supplement to this 
document.

--- Page 162 ---
10286974115-v8 
160 
47-41075393 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Listing and admission to trading 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the CSSF as a base prospectus. Application has been 
made for Notes issued under the Programme to be listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange and admitted to trading on its regulated market. 
However, Notes may be issued pursuant to the Programme which are admitted to listing, trading and/or 
quotation by such competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system as the Issuer(s) and 
the relevant Dealer(s) may agree or which are not admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any 
competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system. 
Authorisations 
The 2024 update of the Programme has been authorised by a resolution of the Board of Directors of 
the Issuer dated 4 March 2024. The Issuer has obtained or will obtain from time to time all necessary 
consents, approvals and authorisations in connection with the issue and performance of the Notes. 
Legal Entity Identifier 
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) of the Issuer is 529900N2ZB1B52JB2F83. 
Corporate objects 
The purpose and objects of the Issuer, as set out in Articles 5 and 6 of its By-laws, are as follows: 
(i) 
The Issuer is the central institution of the Raiffeisen Banks of Alto Adige (Casse Raiffeisen) 
(hereinafter the "Raiffeisen Banks") and has the purpose of strengthening and integrating the 
activity of the associated Raiffeisen Banks complying with principles of subsidiarity. 
(ii) 
In order to achieve its corporate purpose, the Issuer operates as a bank. 
(iii) 
The Issuer has as its object the promotion and coordination of the activities of the associated 
Raiffeisen Banks on the credit and financial market and of the connected services, offering 
services of consultancy and taking on assignments of common interest and entering into 
agreements and contracts with public and private entities, with trade associations and related 
consortia. 
(iv) 
The Issuer may also perform, including through subsidiary undertakings and in compliance with 
current legislation and subject to obtaining the relevant authorisations, any other permitted 
activity of banks, including the setting-up and management of any kind of pension fund, as well 
as any other activity or transaction which is incidental to or connected with the achievement of 
its corporate purpose. 
(v) 
The Issuer may supply to one or more Raiffeisen Banks any goods or services of interest to 
them and may, in their name and on their behalf, enter into any legal document necessary for 
such supply with any counterparty. 
Conditions for Determining Price 
The price and amount of Notes to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the Issuer and 
each relevant Dealer at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions. 
Litigation 
There are no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings which may have, or have had during the 
12 months preceding the date of this Base Prospectus, a significant effect on the financial position or

--- Page 163 ---
10286974115-v8 
161 
47-41075393 
 
profitability of the Issuer and its subsidiaries and, so far as the Issuer is aware, no such proceedings 
are pending or threatened. 
No material adverse change / significant change 
Since 31 December 2023, there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer 
and no significant change in the financial performance or financial position of the Issuer or the Issuer 
and its subsidiaries. 
Indication of yield 
For any Tranche of Fixed Rate Notes, the relevant Final Terms will provide an indication of the yield. 
As set out in those Final Terms, the yield will be calculated at the Issue Date on the basis of the Issue 
Price but should not be regarded as an indication of future yield. 
Documents on display 
For so long as the Programme remains in effect or any Notes are outstanding, copies of the following 
documents may be inspected during normal business hours at the Specified Office of the Paying Agent, 
namely: 
(a) 
a certified copy of the By-laws of the Issuer (in German); 
(b) 
the Programme Manual; and 
(c) 
any future base prospectus, prospectuses, information memoranda, supplements to this Base 
Prospectus and Final Terms, and any other documents incorporated herein or therein by 
reference;  
(d) 
the Issuer’s Sustainability Bond Framework (in German); and 
(e) 
the PwC Second-party Opinion. 
The following documents are or (as applicable) will be available on the following pages of the Issuer’s 
website:  
(a) 
this Base Prospectus and the documents referred to in paragraph (c) above: 
https://www.raiffeisen.it/it/cassa-centrale/privati/obbligazioni-della-cassa-centrale-1.html 
(b) 
the By-laws (Statuto) of the Issuer: 
https://www.raiffeisen.it/raiffeisenkasse/Landesbank/2_UEber_uns/4_Veroeffentlichungen_un
d_Berichte/9_Statuten_Gruendungsakt/Statut_DT-ITA_2024.pdf 
(c) 
the Issuer’s Sustainability Bond Framework: 
https://www.raiffeisen.it/raiffeisenkasse/Landesbank/3_Wir_sind_nachhaltig/Regelung_zur_E
mission_von_Green-_und_Sustainable_Bonds_Website.pdf 
(d) 
the PwC Second-party Opinion: 
https://www.raiffeisen.it/raiffeisenkasse/Landesbank/2_UEber_uns/5_Produkte_und_Services
/3_Obligationen_der_RLB/PwC_Second_Party_Opinion.pdf 
Unless specifically incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus, information contained on the 
Issuer's website does not form part of this Base Prospectus. 
In addition, this Base Prospectus, each Final Terms relating to Notes which are admitted to trading on 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market and each document incorporated by reference are 
available on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's website (www.luxse.com).

--- Page 164 ---
10286974115-v8 
162 
47-41075393 
 
Potential conflicts of interest 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in lending, 
advisory, investment banking and/or commercial banking or other related transactions with and may 
perform services for the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business and/or with companies 
involved directly or indirectly in the sectors in which the Issuer operates. In addition, in the ordinary 
course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may make or hold a broad array of 
investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative securities) and financial 
instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of their customers. Such 
investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of the Issuer or Issuer's 
affiliates. Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates that have a lending relationship with the Issuer and/or 
its affiliates routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer and/or its affiliates consistent with their 
customary risk management policies. Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such 
exposure by entering into transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or 
the creation of short positions in securities, including potentially the Notes issued under the Programme. 
Any such short positions could affect future trading prices of Notes issued under the Programme. The 
Dealers and their affiliates may also make investment recommendations and/or publish or express 
independent research views in respect of such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or 
recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and instruments. 
For the purpose of this paragraph the term "affiliates" also includes parent companies. 
The relevant Final Terms will specify any other interests of natural and legal persons involved in each 
issue/offer of Notes under the Programme. 
Clearing of the Notes 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance by Euronext Securities Milan. The Notes will be held in 
dematerialised form on behalf of the beneficial owners, until their redemption or cancellation, by 
Euronext Securities Milan, for the account of the relevant Euronext Securities Account Holders 
(including Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg). The relevant Final Terms shall specify any other 
clearing system as shall have accepted the relevant Notes for clearance together with any further 
appropriate information. 
The registered office and principal place of business of Euronext Securities Milan is Piazza degli Affari 
6, 20123 Milan, Italy.

--- Page 165 ---
10286974115-v8 
163 
47-41075393 
 
ANNEX 1 
AUDITED ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS, ACCOMPANYING NOTES AND 
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S REPORTS

--- Page 166 ---
10286974115-v8 
164 
47-41075393 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
2022 Financial Statements

--- Page 167 ---
10286974115-v8 
165 
47-41075393 
 
 
Statement of Financial Position  
 
ASSET ITEMS 
31/12/2022 
31/12/2021 
10 
Cash and cash equivalents 
315,562,576 
974,847,447 
20 
Financial assets measured at fair value through profit or loss 
156,152,399 
157,035,793 
 
a) financial assets held for trading; 
32,248,664 
24,633,933 
 
b) financial assets designated at fair value; 
0 
0 
 
c) other financial assets mandatorily measured at fair value 
123,903,735 
132,401,860 
30 
Financial 
assets 
measured 
at 
fair 
value 
through 
other 
comprehensive income 
471,623,704 
472,770,915 
40 
Financial assets measured at amortised cost 
5,116,624,952 
5,276,507,402 
 
a) loans and receivables with banks 
2,310,753,995 
2,585,934,081 
 
b) loans and receivables with customers 
2,805,870,956 
2,690,573,321 
50 
Hedging derivatives 
1,342,933 
0 
70 
Equity investments 
21,591,023 
26,462,786 
80 
Property, equipment and investment property 
13,603,475 
14,057,845 
90 
Intangible assets 
58,374 
123,934 
 
of which: Goodwill 
0 
117,400 
100 
Tax assets 
25,958,629 
6,878,665 
 
a) Current 
6,635,635 
242,351 
 
b) Deferred 
19,322,994 
6,636,314 
120 
Other assets 
103,830,454 
39,562,018 
 
 
 
 
 
TOTAL ASSETS 
6,226,348,518 
6,968,246,805

--- Page 168 ---
10286974115-v8 
166 
47-41075393 
 
 
Statement of Financial Position  
 
LIABILITIES AND EQUITY 
31/12/2022 
31/12/2021 
10 
Financial liabilities measured at amortised cost 
5,725,313,804 
6,443,721,902 
 
a) due to banks 
3,352,855,769 
4,465,692,939 
 
b) due to customers 
1,507,056,956 
1,152,226,301 
 
c) securities issued 
865,401,078 
825,802,662 
20 
Financial liabilities held for trading 
5,773,522 
1,127,912 
40 
Hedging derivatives 
12,532 
1,183,560 
60 
Tax liabilities 
978,583 
11,056,342 
 
a) current 
0 
5,615,510 
 
b) deferred 
978,583 
5,440,831 
80 
Other liabilities 
42,009,550 
38,971,928 
90 
Post-employment benefits 
2,847,464 
3,428,507 
100 
Provisions for risks and charges: 
3,679,166 
2,803,095 
 
a) commitments and guarantees given 
3,214,736 
2,422,345 
 
b) pension and similar obligations 
0 
0 
 
c) other provisions for risks and charges 
464,430 
380,750 
110 
Valuation reserves 
(18,821,876) 
21,202,073 
 
of which associated with discontinued operations 
0 
0 
140 
Reserves 
202,651,486 
177,012,709 
 
of which interim dividends 
0 
0 
160 
Share capital 
250,000,000 
225,000,000 
180 
Net income (loss) for the year (+/-) 
11,904,287 
42,738,777 
 
 
 
 
 
TOTAL LIABILITIES AND EQUITY 
6,226,348,518 
6,968,246,805

--- Page 169 ---
10286974115-v8 
167 
47-41075393 
 
Income statement  
 
ITEMS 
31/12/2022 
31/12/2021 
10 
Interest and similar income 
73,626,051 
72,690,779 
 
of which: interest income calculated with the effective interest 
method 
72,372,267 
41,963,209 
20 
Interest and similar expense 
(23,918,777) 
(30,057,195) 
30 
NET INTEREST INCOME 
49,707,273 
42,633,583 
40 
Fee and commission income 
48,372,221 
37,491,726 
50 
Fee and commission expense 
(27,910,590) 
(17,370,988) 
60 
NET FEE AND COMMISSION INCOME 
20,461,630 
20,120,738 
70 
Dividends and similar income 
 
1,588,200 
1,588,136 
80 
Profits (losses) on trading 
1,740,490 
3,435,893 
90 
Net hedging income (expense) 
279,301 
37,055 
100 
Profits (losses) on disposal or repurchase of: 
15,804,914 
6,921,176 
 
a) financial assets measured at amortised cost 
5,128,774 
(1) 
 
b) financial assets measured at fair value through other 
comprehensive income 
10,649,334 
6,953,670 
 
c) financial liabilities 
26,806 
(32,494) 
110 
Profits (losses) on other assets and liabilities measured at fair value 
through profit or loss 
(10,306,761) 
14,087,642 
 
a) financial assets and liabilities designated at fair value 
0 
0 
 
b) other financial assets mandatorily measured at fair value 
(10,306,761) 
14,087,642 
120 
NET INTEREST AND OTHER BANKING INCOME 
79,275,047 
88,824,223 
130 
Net impairment losses for credit risk on: 
(13,439,294) 
(8,648,780) 
 
a) financial assets measured at amortised cost 
(13,557,139) 
(8,545,420) 
 
b) financial assets measured at fair value through other 
comprehensive income 
(117,845) 
(103,360) 
140 
Profits (losses) on changes in contracts without derecognition 
(797) 
(20,125) 
150 
NET INCOME FROM FINANCIAL ACTIVITIES 
65,834,956 
80,155,317 
160 
Administrative expenses: 
(43,417,572) 
(41,214,789) 
 
a) personnel expenses 
(22,331,414) 
(21,357,666) 
 
b) other administrative expenses 
(21,086,158) 
(19,857,123) 
170 
Net provisions for risks and charges 
(823,571) 
236,691 
 
a) commitments and guarantees given 
(691,404) 
250,151 
 
b) other net provisions 
(132,167) 
(13,460) 
180 
Depreciation and net impairment losses on property, equipment and 
investment property 
(796,913) 
(824,171) 
190 
Amortisation and net impairment losses on intangible assets 
(34,261) 
(26,449) 
200 
Other operating expenses (income) 
9,198,546 
8,721,056 
210 
OPERATING EXPENSES 
(35,873,771) 
(33,107,661) 
220 
Profits (losses) on equity investments 
(9,527,566) 
7,027,084 
240 
Goodwill impairment losses 
(117,400) 
0 
250 
Profits (losses) on disposal of investments 
(5,553) 
(785) 
260 
INCOME 
(LOSS) 
BEFORE 
TAX 
FROM 
CONTINUING 
OPERATIONS 
20,310,667 
54,073,955 
270 
Taxes on income from continuing operations 
(8,406,380) 
(11,335,178) 
280 
INCOME 
(LOSS) 
AFTER 
TAX 
FROM 
CONTINUING 
OPERATIONS 
11,904,287 
42,738,777 
 
 
 
 
300 
NET INCOME (LOSS) FOR THE YEAR 
11,904,287 
42,738,777

--- Page 170 ---
10286974115-v8 
168 
47-41075393 
 
Statement of comprehensive income  
 
ITEMS 
31/12/2022 
31/12/2021 
10. 
NET INCOME (LOSS) FOR THE YEAR 
11,904,287 
42,738,777 
 
Other comprehensive income net of income taxes without 
reclassification to profit or loss 
 
 
 
 
 
 
20. 
Equity 
instruments 
designated 
at 
fair 
value 
through 
other 
comprehensive income 
(2,771,616) 
5,080,311 
30. 
Financial liabilities designated at fair value through profit or loss 
(change in Bank's creditworthiness) 
- 
- 
40. 
Coverage of equity instruments at fair value through other 
comprehensive income 
- 
- 
50. 
Property, equipment and investment property 
- 
- 
60. 
Intangible assets 
- 
- 
70. 
Defined benefit plans 
207,769 
20,348 
80. 
Non-current assets held for sale and disposal groups 
- 
- 
90. 
Portion of valuation reserves of equity-accounted investments 
600,476 
1,127,919 
 
Other comprehensive income net of income taxes with 
reclassification to profit or loss 
 
 
100. 
Hedging of investments in foreign operations 
- 
- 
110. 
Exchange rate differences 
- 
- 
120. 
Cash flow hedges 
- 
- 
130. 
Hedging instruments (elements not designated) 
- 
- 
140. 
Financial assets (other than equity instruments) at fair value through 
other comprehensive income 
(38,060,581) 
(11,738,084) 
150. 
Non-current assets held for sale and disposal groups 
- 
- 
160. 
Portion of valuation reserves of equity-accounted investments 
- 
- 
170. 
Total other comprehensive income net of income taxes 
(40,023,952) 
(5,509,506) 
180. 
COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (Item 10+170) 
(28,119,665) 
37,229,270

--- Page 171 ---
10286974115-v8 
169 
47-41075393 
 
 
Statement of changes in equity  
 
Balance as at 31/12/21 
Change in opening balances 
Balance as at 01/01/22 
Allocation of prior year profit 
Reserves 
Dividends and other allocations 
Share capital: 
 
 
 
 
 
a) ordinary shares 
225,000,000 
- 
225,000,000 
- 
- 
b) other shares 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Share premium reserve 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Reserves: 
 
 
 
 
 
a) income related 
146,371,327 
- 
146,371,327 
42,738,777 
(17,100,000) 
b) other 
30,641,382 
 
30,641,382 
 
 
Valuation reserves: 
21,202,075 
- 
21,202,075 
- 
- 
Equity instruments 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Treasury shares 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Net income (loss) for the year 
42,738,777 
 
42,738,777 
(42,738,777) 
 
Equity 
465,953,560 
 
465,953,560 
 
(17,100,000)

--- Page 172 ---
10286974115-v8 
170 
47-41075393 
 
 
 
Changes during the year 
Equity as at 31/12/22 
Changes in reserves 
Equity transactions 
Comprehensive income as at 31/12/22 
Issue of new shares 
Purchase of treasury shares 
Extraordinary dividend distribution 
Change in equity instruments 
Derivatives on treasury shares 
Stock options 
- 
25,000,000 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
250,000,000 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
172,010,104 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
30,641,382 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
(40,023,952) 
(18,821,877) 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
11,904,287 
11,904,287 
- 
25,000,000 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
(28,119,665) 
445,733,896

--- Page 173 ---
10286974115-v8 
171 
47-41075393 
 
 
Statement of changes in equity as at 31 December 2021  
 
Balance as at 31/12/2021 
Change in opening balances 
Balance as at 01/01/2022 
Allocation of prior year profit 
Reserves 
Dividends and other allocations 
Share capital: 
 
 
 
 
 
a) ordinary shares 
225,000,000 
- 
225,000,000 
- 
- 
b) other shares 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Share premium reserve 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Reserves: 
 
 
 
 
 
a) income related 
126,238,280 
- 
126,238,280 
24,070,547 
(3,937,500) 
b) other 
23,130,265 
- 
23,130,265 
- 
- 
Valuation reserves: 
26,711,581 
- 
26,711,581 
- 
- 
Equity instruments 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Treasury shares 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Net income (loss) for the year 
24,070,547 
- 
24,070,547 
(24,070,547
) 
- 
Equity 
425,150,673 
- 
425,150,673 
- 
(3,937,500)

--- Page 174 ---
10286974115-v8 
172 
47-41075393 
 
 
 
Changes during the year 
Equity as at 31/12/2021 
Changes in reserves 
Equity transactions 
Comprehensive income as at 31/12/2021 
Issue of new shares 
Purchase of treasury shares 
Extraordinary dividend distribution 
Change in equity instruments 
Derivatives on treasury shares 
Stock options 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
225,000,000 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
146,371,327 
7,511,117 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
30,641,382 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
(5,509,506) 
21,202,075 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
42,738,777 
42,738,777 
7,511,117 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
37,229,270 
465,953,560

--- Page 175 ---
10286974115-v8 
173 
47-41075393 
 
Statement of cash flows  
Indirect method  
A. OPERATING ACTIVITIES 
31/12/2022 
31/12/2021 
1. Cash flow from operating activities 
43,113,633 
45,531,550 
- net income (loss) for the year (+/-) 
11,904,287 
42,738,777 
-capital gains/losses on financial assets/liabilities held for trading and on  
financial assets/liabilities measured at fair value (-/+) through profit or loss (-/+) 
8,566,272 
(17,523,534) 
- capital gains/losses on hedging activities 
(279,301) 
(37,055) 
- net impairment losses for credit risk (+/-) 
13,439,294 
8,648,780 
- depreciation/amortisation and net impairment losses on property, equipment and 
investment property and intangible assets (+/-) 
831,174 
850,619 
- net accruals to provisions for risks and charges and other costs/revenues (+/-) 
823,571 
(236,691) 
- unpaid duties, taxes and tax credits (+) 
8,406,380 
11,335,178 
- net value adjustments/write-backs to discontinued operations net of the tax effect 
(+/-) 
- 
- 
- other adjustments (+/-) 
(578,043) 
(244,524) 
2. Cash flow generated/used by financial assets 
55,216,158 
(655,268,090) 
-financial assets held for trading 
(16,181,002) 
18,344,292 
-financial assets designated at fair value 
- 
- 
-other assets mandatorily measured at fair value 
8,498,125 
(18,354,299) 
-financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income 
1,147,211 
(13,918,548) 
-Financial assets measured at amortised cost 
146,443,157 
(631,352,053) 
- other assets 
(84,691,333) 
(9,987,482) 
3. Cash flow generated/used by financial liabilities 
(730,048,232) 
1,043,859,835 
-financial liabilities measured at amortised cost 
(758,006,515) 
940,721,385 
-financial liabilities held for trading 
39,598,416 
101,055,090 
-financial liabilities designated at fair value 
4,645,610 
(316,091) 
- other liabilities 
(16,285,743) 
2,399,451 
Cash flow generated/used by operating activities 
(631,718,441) 
434,123,295 
B. INVESTING ACTIVITIES 
 
 
1. Cash flow generated by 
4,903,061 
5,880,818 
- sales of equity investments 
4,871,763 
5,880,818 
- dividends from equity investments 
- 
- 
- sales of property, equipment and investment property 
- 
- 
- sales of intangible assets 
31,298 
- 
- sales of business units 
- 
- 
2. Cash flow used for 
(342,542) 
(285,552) 
- purchases of equity investments 
- 
- 
- purchases of property, equipment and investment property 
(342,542) 
(165,241) 
- purchases of intangible assets 
- 
(120,311) 
- purchases of business units 
- 
- 
Cash flow generated/used by investing activities 
4,560,519 
5,595,266 
C. FINANCING ACTIVITIES 
 
 
- issue/repurchase of treasury shares 
25,000,000 
- 
- issue/repurchase of equity instruments 
- 
- 
- dividend distribution and other 
(57,123,950) 
(1,935,898) 
Cash flow generated/used by financing activities 
(32,123,950) 
(1,935,898) 
CASH FLOW GENERATED/USED DURING THE YEAR 
(659,281,871) 
437,782,663

--- Page 176 ---
10286974115-v8 
174 
47-41075393 
 
Key  
(+) generated  
(-) used  
 
Reconciliation  
Financial statement items 
31/12/2022 
31/12/2021  
Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year 
974,847,447 
537,067,784 
Total cash flow generated/used during the year 
(659,281,871) 
437,782,663 
Cash and cash equivalents: effect of changes in foreign exchange rates 
(3,000) 
(3,000) 
Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year 
315,562,576 
974,847,447

--- Page 177 ---
10286974115-v8 
175 
47-41075393 
 
Notes to the financial statements  
 
PART A ACCOUNTING POLICIES  
A.1 GENERAL INFORMATION  
A.2 MAIN ITEMS IN THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
A.3 INFORMATION ON TRANSFERS BETWEEN PORTFOLIOS OF FINANCIAL ASSETS  
A.4 DISCLOSURE OF FAIR VALUE  
 
PART B INFORMATION ON THE STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION (BALANCE SHEET) 
ASSETS  
LIABILITIES  
OTHER INFORMATION  
 
PART C INFORMATION ON THE INCOME STATEMENT  
 
PART D STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME  
 
PART E INFORMATION ON RISKS AND RELATIVE HEDGING POLICIES  
Section 1 - Credit risk  
Section 2 - Market risk  
Section 3 - Derivative instruments and hedging policies  
Section 4 - Liquidity risk  
Section 5 - Operational risk  
 
PART F INFORMATION ON EQUITY  
Section 1 - Company equity  
Section 2 - Regulatory capital and ratios  
 
PART G BUSINESS COMBINATIONS  
PART H RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS  
PART I SHARE-BASED PAYMENT AGREEMENTS  
PART L SEGMENT REPORTING  
PART M DISCLOSURE ON LEASES

--- Page 178 ---
10286974115-v8 
176 
47-41075393 
 
Part A – Accounting policies  
 
A 1 GENERAL INFORMATION  
Section 1 - Statement of compliance with international financial reporting standards  
Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige S.p.A. declares that these financial statements as at 31 
December 2022 were prepared in accordance with all international accounting standards (IAS/IFRS) 
adopted by the International Accounting Standard Board (IASB)and with the related interpretations of 
the International Financial Reporting Interpretations Committee (IFRIC) endorsed by the European 
Commission, as established by Regulation (EC) no. 1606 of 19 July 2002, as well as the instructions of 
the Bank of Italy, which were made available to banks by circular no. 262 of 22 December 2005 as 
amended. These annual financial statements comprise the statement of financial position, income 
statement, statement of comprehensive income, statement of changes in equity and statement of cash 
flow, as well as the notes to the financial statements and related comparative information. Moreover, 
the financial statements are supplemented by a report on operations of the Board of Directors and have 
also been prepared for the purpose of determining the profit for the year for calculating common equity 
tier 1 capital, as required by Regulation (EU) no. 575/2013 on prudential requirements for credit 
institutions and investment firms.  
Pursuant to Article 5 of Italian Legislative Decree No. 38 of 28 February 2005, the application of 
International Accounting Standards can be waived only in exceptional cases or when the application of 
a provision of International Accounting Standards is incompatible with a true and fair view of the financial 
position, results of operations and cash flows.  
In these cases, the notes to the financial statements describe the reasons why the provisions of the 
international accounting standards are not applicable. In the annual financial statements, any profits 
from the derogation are entered into a non-distributable reserve.  
The accounting policies applied in the preparation of these financial statements as at 31 December 
2022 are consistent with those applied in the preparation of the financial statements for the year ended 
31 December 2021.  
Section 2 - General principles for the preparation of financial statements  
The following general principles of IAS 1 were observed in the preparation of the financial statements:  
1) Going concern. The financial statements were prepared on a going concern basis, which means 
that assets, liabilities and off-statement of financial position transactions were measured at the present 
value.  
No uncertainties other than those inherent in the company's business have been identified that may 
cast doubt on the company's ability to continue as a going concern.  
2) Accrual basis of accounting. The financial statements were prepared on an accrual basis. 
Therefore, costs and revenues are recognised on an accrual basis regardless of when they are settled 
in cash.  
3) Consistency of presentation of the financial statements. The presentation and classification of 
items are retained from one period to the next to ensure comparability of information unless a change 
is justified either by a change in an international accounting standard or its interpretation. When the 
presentation or classification of items in the financial statements is changed, the comparative amounts 
are also reclassified, indicating the nature and reasons for the reclassification.

--- Page 179 ---
10286974115-v8 
177 
47-41075393 
 
If the accounts are not comparable, those for the previous year are adjusted. The lack of comparability 
and the adjustment or the inability to make any such an adjustment are reported and commented on in 
these notes to the financial statements.  
4) Materiality and aggregation. The financial statements consist of items and sub-items. The 
envisaged sub-items are aggregated when their amounts are immaterial or when aggregation improves 
clarity. In this case, the aggregated individual sub-items are shown in the notes to the financial 
statements.  
5) Offsetting. Assets and liabilities, cost and revenues may not be offset unless required or permitted 
by an international accounting standard or an interpretation thereof or by the financial statement formats 
for banks issued by the Bank of Italy.  
6) Comparative information. Comparative information for the previous period must be disclosed for 
all quantitative information, except where an international accounting standard or  
interpretation thereof envisages or expressly requires an exception. They are also included in 
comments and descriptions when this is effective for a better understanding of the financial statements.  
In the preparation of the financial statements, the formats and guidelines set forth in Bank of Italy 
Circular no. 262 of 22 December 2005 ("Banking Financial Statements: formats and guidelines", 7th 
Update of 29 October 2021), as well as the provisions contained in the Bank of Italy's supplementary 
communications, in particular that of 27 October 2022 ("IAS/IFRS Financial Statements as at 31 
December 2022 -Information on the Transition to IFRS 17 and IFRS 9") and of 21 December 2021 
("Update of the supplements to the provisions of Circular no. 262 - Banking Financial Statements: 
formats and guidelines") were complied with.  
The amounts shown in the statement of financial position, income statement, statement of 
comprehensive income, statement of changes in equity and statement of cash flow are in €. The 
amounts in the notes to the financial statements are presented in thousands of € except where the 
presentation of amounts in thousands of € would not enhance the clarity and immediacy of the 
information in the financial statements. In the latter case, the parties concerned are shown in € in the 
notes to the financial statements, with an explicit reference to this fact.  
In the statement of financial position, the income statement and the notes to the financial statements, 
items for which there are no amounts for the year ended or previous year are not shown.  
In the income statement, revenues are shown without a sign and costs are shown in brackets. In the 
statement of comprehensive income, the negative amounts are reported in brackets.  
Section 3 - Events after the reporting period  
During the period of time between the reporting date of these financial statements and their approval 
by the Board of Directors on 20 March 2023, no events took place which led to an adjustment of the 
figures approved at that time nor were there any significant events that would require an amendment 
to the disclosure provided.  
Section 4 - Other aspects  
External audit  
The annual financial statements are audited externally by the independent auditors EY S.p.A. pursuant 
to Articles 14 and 16 of Italian Legislative Decree no. 39/2010, as amended by Italian Legislative Decree 
no. 135/2016, and in accordance with the relevant task assigned by the shareholders' meeting on 18 
May 2020.

--- Page 180 ---
10286974115-v8 
178 
47-41075393 
 
IAS 8 Accounting standards, changes in accounting estimates and errors  
Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige declares that it is not aware of any errors requiring disclosure 
for the purposes of IAS 8, paragraphs 28, 29, 30, 31, 39, 40 and 49. Therefore, there is no material risk 
that would result in significant adjustments to the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities within the 
next financial year.  
Italian Law no. 124 of 4 August 2017, art. 1, paragraph 125  
This provision was reformulated in Article 35 of Italian Law no. 58/2019. It imposes specific transparency 
obligations on all companies registered in the Companies Registry. In particular, companies that receive 
grants, subsidies, benefits, contributions or aids, in cash or in kind, which are not of a general nature 
and which do not involve payment, remuneration or compensation, must disclose these amounts in the 
notes to the financial statements.  
The obligation to publish does not apply if the amount of these contributions in the period under review 
is less than € 10,000.  
In 2022, Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige did not receive any such contributions or other 
subsidies from the public administration.  
Mandatory accounting standards as from 1 January 2022  
The accounting standards used for preparing these financial statements, with reference to classification, 
recognition, measurement and derecognition criteria for each asset and liability item, as with the 
recognition methods for revenues and costs, underwent changes during 2022 that had no effect on the 
bank's financial statements. 
IFRS 16  
On 31 December 2018, the European Commission approved the accounting standard IFRS 16-Leases 
(Reg. (EU) 2017/1986) which, as from 1 January 2019, must be applied in the preparation of financial 
statements.  
IFRS 16 redefines lease transactions. At the beginning of the contract, the entity must assess whether 
the contract is, or contains, a lease. The contract is, or contains, a lease if, for consideration, the right 
to control the use of a specified asset is transferred for a specified period of time. Thus, the accounting 
standard also applies to medium- and long-term leases.  
With Regulation no. 1434/2020 of 9 October 2020, amendments were made to IFRS 16-Leases to 
provide lessees with a practical solution for amendments to contracts related to Covid-19 pandemic 
measures. These amendments consist in the possibility of not applying the accounting rules on 
amendments to contracts following forbearance measures that are attributable to the Covid-19 
pandemic, if certain conditions are met.  
This amendment to IFRS 16 had no impact on the financial statements of Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen 
dell'Alto Adige.  
IFRS 17  
On 19 November 2021, with Regulation (EU) 2021/2036, the European Commission absorbed IFRS 17 
-Insurance Contracts into European law, to which other subsequent amendments made to other 
standards refer: IFRS 1, IFRS 3, IFRS 5, IFRS 7, IFRS 9, IFRS 15, IAS 1, IAS 7, IAS 16, IAS 19, IAS 
28, IAS 32, IAS 36, IAS 37, IAS 38, IAS 40 and SIC-27. On 8 September 2022, with Regulation (EU) 
2022/1491, the European Commission absorbed amendments to IFRS 17 - Insurance Contracts into 
European law. It introduced rules to simplify comparative information when a company applies IFRS 17 
"Insurance Contracts" and IFRS 9 "Financial Instruments" simultaneously for the first time.

--- Page 181 ---
10286974115-v8 
179 
47-41075393 
 
IFRS 17 and the corresponding subsequent amendments must be applied at the latest for financial 
years beginning on or after 1 January 2023. However, voluntary early adoption of IFRS 17 is allowed.  
An entity must apply IFRS 17 to the following contracts:  
a) insurance contracts, including reinsurance contracts, it issues;  
b) the reinsurance contracts it holds; and  
c) investment contracts with discretionary participation features it issues, provided the entity,  
also issues insurance contracts.  
Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige has been using IFRS 17 since 1 January 2023. International 
Accounting Standard IAS 8 sets out disclosure requirements for companies implementing a new 
Accounting standard that has been issued but is not yet effective. Pursuant to paragraph 30 of IAS 8 
and the Bank of Italy Communication of 27 October 2022, Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige 
specifies that the application of IFRS 17 will have no significant impact on its financial statements. This 
is due to the fact that Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige has not issued or does not hold any 
such insurance contracts.  
IFRS 9  
With reference to the application of IFRS 9, the following information is presented:  
Stage allocation  
In line with the provisions of IFRS 9, the Bank applies a process for the allocation of financial assets 
(stage allocation), on and off-statement of financial position, classified in the accounting categories of 
financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income with recycling (i.e. financial 
assets whose OCI reserve is transferred to the income statement when the instrument is derecognised, 
either by maturity or sale) and at amortised cost.  
Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige uses different stage allocation criteria depending on the type 
of financial asset and counterparty.  
The stage allocation process takes place on a monthly basis using a uniform allocation model.  
On-statement of financial position and off-statement of financial position credit exposures to customers, 
recognised as "Financial assets measured at amortised cost", are divided into performing and non-
performing loans, in accordance with Bank of Italy Circular no. 272/2008 as amended. With regard to 
the identification of non-performing loans, Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige adopts a debtor-
by-debtor approach. Consequently, the classification as non-performing loans includes all on-statement 
of financial position and off-statement of financial position exposures to the same counterparty.  
Credit exposures to customers: Operational criteria for stage allocation  
• 
Transactions with regular performance (performing)  
In line with the provisions of IFRS 9 and with regard to on and off-statement of financial position 
transactions with counterparties that are performing, Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige identifies 
any significant increase/decrease in credit risk in order to allocate exposures to stage 1 or stage 2. This 
is based on the following factors:  
 Amount of relative change in lifetime PD from when the loan is disbursed to the end of the reporting 
period;  
 Presence of forbearance measures or overdue;  
 Impact of or changes in indicators signalling a change in credit risk;

--- Page 182 ---
10286974115-v8 
180 
47-41075393 
 
 Expert ratings (Watchlist);  
 Presence or last update of the rating when the loan is disbursed and at the end of the reporting 
period;  
 Criterion for purchased or originated credit impaired (POCI).  
Exposures that have experienced a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition but do not 
meet the requirements to be classified as non-performing loans are allocated to stage 2. In accordance 
with IFRS 9, provisions for these exposures correspond to expected losses over the life of the loan 
(ECL 1 ), determined from a current perspective (point-in-time) and also using forward-looking 
macroeconomic scenarios (forward-looking information).  
A significant increase in credit risk is deemed to have occurred if the following conditions are met (in 
other words, if the conditions below are met, the exposure must be classified as stage 2):  
 The probability of default (PD) of the exposure exceeded a specific and variable threshold set 
according to the Bank's SICR model;  
 The credit line is classified as a forborne performing position;  
 The exposure is more than 30 days past due, taking into account a materiality threshold of 1% of 
the relevant credit line;  
 An expert assessment, including - but not necessarily - on the basis of defined indicators (triggers), 
points out that there has been a significant increase in the credit risk of the position, but that there 
is no basis for classifying it as non performing.  
 The counterparties without rating at the time of loan disbursement are assigned the average rating 
class of stage 2 and, after six months, the relevant credit lines are automatically allocated to stage 
2.  
 The counterparties with expired rating are assigned the average rating class of stage 2 after a 
period of three months and, at the same time, are allocated to stage 2.  
 Positions that meet the criterion for financial assets purchased or originated credit impaired (POCI) 
and are classified as performing exposures are allocated to stage 2.  
If none of the above conditions relevant to a stage 2 classification are met, performing exposures are 
allocated to stage 1.  
• 
Non-performing transactions 
Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige adopted the new definition of default pursuant to Article 178 
of the CRR (Capital Requirements Regulation) (Regulation (EU) 575/2013), which came into force on 
1 January 2021 for the purpose of allocating loans to the categories of non-performing transactions. 
Therefore, on initial recognition and subsequent measurements, individual transactions relating to 
counterparties classified in one of the categories of non-performing loans envisaged by Bank of Italy 
Circular no. 272/2008 are allocated to stage 3.  
 
 
 
 
1 ECL stands for Expected Credit Loss.

--- Page 183 ---
10286974115-v8 
181 
47-41075393 
 
Therefore, exposures whose credit risk has increased significantly since initial recognition and which 
are therefore classified as non-performing exposures (exposures more than 90 days past due, unlikely 
to pay and bad loans) are allocated to stage 3.  
Forborne transactions  
With reference to forborne transactions classified in the accounting categories "Financial assets 
measured at amortised cost" (CA) or "Financial assets measured at fair value through other 
comprehensive income" (FVTOCI), at each measurement date, Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto 
Adige checks the correctness of the following allocations:  
 allocation to stage 3 of the transactions identified as forborne non-performing exposures, as they 
relate to counterparties classified within one of the non-performing loan categories;  
 allocation to stage 2 of the transactions identified as forborne performing exposures. These are 
relationships that have shown a significant increase in credit risk since the date of disbursement 
and, therefore, their allocation to Stage 1 is not appropriate and does not comply with the 
requirements of IFRS 9.  
It should be noted that the allocation of forborne performing transactions to stage 2 is to be confirmed 
until such time as, at the end of the probation period, the transaction meets the exit criteria from the 
non-performing loan categories envisaged in Regulation (EU) 227/2015.  
Portfolio of loans and receivables with banks and Securities portfolio: operational criteria for 
stage allocation  
The stage allocation process also applies to on-statement of financial position and off-statement of 
financial position credit exposures to banks and debt securities recognised at the FTA date or at a 
subsequent measurement date as part of "Financial assets measured at amortised cost" or "Financial 
assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income with recycling".  
For the purposes of the stage allocation process, in compliance with IFRS 9, an external rating 
remapped on the internal scale relating to companies is allocated to:  
 the performing transactions/ISIN are allocated to stage 1 and/or 2;  
 the non-performing transactions/ISIN are allocated to stage 3.  
Transactions for which an external rating is used and which do not have a valid rating at the time of 
measurement are allocated to stage 2 after a period of three months.  
With regard to debt securities and loans and receivables with banks, Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto 
Adige, as in the case of loans and receivables with customers, at each subsequent measurement date, 
makes sure that no significant increase in credit risk has occurred with respect to the date on which the 
transaction was entered into or the security purchased.  
In particular, Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige is of the opinion that no significant increase in 
credit risk has occurred and, therefore, those transactions/ISINs for which all of the following conditions 
are met can be allocated to stage 1:  
 they are identifiable as transactions with low credit risk; classification as an exposure with low credit 
risk is only possible for securities; this possibility is not available for bank exposures;  
 although they are not low credit risk exposures, they have not shown a significant increase in credit 
risk since the date of disbursement.  
On the other hand, the transactions/ISIN that do not have the characteristics mentioned in the previous 
points are allocated to stage 2.

--- Page 184 ---
10286974115-v8 
182 
47-41075393 
 
According to paragraph B5.5.22 of IFRS 9, the credit risk of a financial instrument is considered low if 
the following conditions are met:  
 the financial instrument has a low risk of default;  
 the debtor has a strong capacity to meet its contractual obligations in terms of short-term cash 
flows;  
 adverse changes in economic and business conditions may, but will not necessarily, reduce the 
debtor's ability to meet its contractual cash flow obligations.  
On the other hand, the credit risk of a financial instrument is not considered to be low if:  
 it has a low risk of loss only because of the value of the collaterals, but without which, it would not 
be considered low credit risk;  
 it has (only) a lower risk of default than other financial instruments of the same counterparty or 
compared to the jurisdiction in which the debtor operates.  
In accordance with paragraph B5.5.23 of IFRS 9, internal rating systems or other methods consistent 
with a widely accepted definition of low credit risk may be used to determine when a financial instrument 
has low credit risk. In particular, a financial instrument can be considered as having low credit risk if the 
internal rating class is comparable to the investment grade of the ECAI rating agencies.  
All exposures to banks and securities are externally rated at Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige. 
All ratings up to rating class 3 result in securities being classified as low credit risk exposures and 
consequently allocated to stage 1.  
Therefore, Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige, at the end of the reporting period and subsequent 
measurement dates, compares:  
 A simplified delta rating approach is used for securities. In this, the rating at the time of purchase of 
the security (for each tranche) is compared with the rating at the end of the reporting period.  
 For exposures to banks, the comparison is made using the same approach as for exposures to 
customers. This involves checking whether the probability of default (PD) of the exposure over its 
lifetime exceeded a specific and variable threshold set according to the Bank's SICR model. In 
order to establish the individual limit value, the SICR parameters for enterprise customers are used.  
The transactions/ISINs that have shown a significant increase in credit risk are allocated to stage 2, 
otherwise in stage 1.  
The external rating is valid for two years from the date it is taken. Three months after the maturity date, 
the exposure is moved to stage 2 and assigned the average rating class of stage 2.  
Impairment  
The impairment model according to IFRS 9 requires the allocation of all receivables and loans, cash 
and off-statement of financial position into three stages corresponding to different methods of 
calculating the losses to be recognised.  
The calculation of expected credit losses (ECL) is differentiated according to the allocation of the 
transactions in:  
− 
Stage 1: expected losses are measured within a one-year time horizon; all performing financial 
assets for which there has been no significant deterioration in creditworthiness since initial 
recognition are allocated to stage 1;

--- Page 185 ---
10286974115-v8 
183 
47-41075393 
 
− 
Stage 2: expected losses are measured over a time horizon covering the entire life of the instrument 
to maturity (lifetime expected loss);  
− 
Stage 3: expected losses are calculated over the lifetime of the financial instrument, but unlike for 
stage 2 positions, expected lifetime losses are calculated as part of an analytical valuation. A 
minimum amount (floor) of 10% of the exposure value is required for impairment loss.  
Moreover, the calculation of expected losses for stage 1 and stage 2 is done both from a point-in-time 
perspective and by considering forward-looking information.  
All risk models used for impairment purposes are tested annually for representativeness. All parameters 
necessary to ensure a point-in-time presentation and to incorporate forward-looking information are 
updated annually.  
Purchased or originated credit impaired (POCI)  
Purchased or originated credit-impaired financial assets refer to exposures where the credit risk is 
already very high at initial recognition.  
In this area, there are two different types:  
(i) 
instruments or portfolios of non-performing loans purchased on the market (purchased credit 
impaired - PCI);  
(ii) 
credits disbursed by the bank to a customer already classified in stage 3 (originated credit 
impaired – OCI). The credit lines granted under restructuring agreements pursuant to Article 
182 of the Bankruptcy Law are also classified as OCI, even if granted to newly acquired 
customers.  
The identified OCI transaction will be classified as forborne non-performing if all conditions are met. If 
the 1-year cure period is exceeded, the transaction may be classified as forborne performing in stage 
2. Notwithstanding the transition to performing, and even after the two-year probation period, the OCI 
transaction can no longer be allocated to 1, as this classification is incompatible with the need for a 
measurement based on the ECL lifetime.  
Determining Probability of Default (PD) and Loss Given Default (LGD)  
The PD and LGD parameters used to calculate expected credit losses are derived using specific 
quantitative models. Exposure at default (EAD), on the other hand, is determined on the basis of the 
type of exposure and amortisation and is not subject to further modelling.  
The PD used to calculate expected credit losses for credit exposures allocated to stage 1 and 2 in 
accordance with IFRS 9 is determined using a mathematical model. This model is based on discreet-
time non-homogeneous Markov chains that are defined separately for enterprise and private customer 
segments. For this purpose, the average future probability of default is estimated for each rating class. 
The model, in line with IFRS 9, addresses the need to provide point in time measurements and also 
includes forward-looking information. The PDs for the full life of loans and receivables were adjusted 
before the end of 2022 to reflect the recent developments in the economic environment, taking into 
account appropriate macroeconomic scenarios.  
In order to include forward-looking information, three possible macroeconomic scenarios (positive, 
baseline and stress) are defined and then weighted according to their probability of occurrence. The 
three scenarios used are based on forecasts of relevant macroeconomic indicators (e.g. gross domestic 
product, unemployment rate, interest level or inflation) made by Bank of Italy and the European Banking 
Authority (EBA) for the years 2023, 2024 and 2025 (Bank of Italy Macroeconomic Projections 
September 2022 and, EBA stress test 2021 for the definition of stress scenarios). The stress scenario

--- Page 186 ---
10286974115-v8 
184 
47-41075393 
 
and the baseline scenario (i.e. the scenario under normal conditions) are calculated on the basis of 
explicit forecasts. On the other hand, the positive scenario is derived indirectly from a statistical 
distribution hypothesis.  
The probabilities of the three possible macroeconomic scenarios materialising were determined through 
a quantitative analysis of historical fluctuations, based on an assumption of the distribution of key 
macroeconomic indicators. For the 2022 financial statements, the probability of occurrence of the 
macroeconomic scenarios was calculated as 25% for the stress scenario, 50% for the baseline scenario 
and 25% for the positive scenario. The lifetime PD is calculated as the weighted average of the three 
scenarios. The lifetime PDs, determined using macroeconomic scenarios, refer to a maximum period 
of 30 years.  
Due to the exceptional economic context (high inflation, supply difficulties, effects of the Covid-19 
pandemic), sectors particularly affected by this situation were identified for the 2022 financial statements. 
An additional PD surcharge was calculated for these sectors for the first three years of the lifetime PD. 
The surcharges cover the uncertainty in the estimation of the PD parameter and were calculated using 
statistical models referring to four clusters. Three clusters comprise enterprises that, based on their 
classification in a particular sector by ATECO code, were classified among the vulnerable sectors using 
statistical methods ("cluster analysis"). The private customer segment is generally considered 
vulnerable and is subject to a surcharge.  
The identification of LGD rates for performing exposures is based on the segmentation of the 
counterparty (enterprise or private customers) and the credit line in combination with the collateral 
provided. The LGD rate for performing exposures is calculated indirectly using a workout approach that 
combines various credit risk factors.  
For the calculation of expected credit losses, specific LGD rates are estimated in accordance with IFRS 
9, taking into account forward-looking information.  
A single credit conversion factor of 30% is used for off-statement of financial position exposures.  
Exposures whose credit risk has increased significantly since initial recognition and which are therefore 
classified as non-performing exposures (exposures more than 90 days past due, unlikely to pay and 
bad loans) are allocated to stage 3. While the level of bad debt provisions (i.e., for adjustments and 
write-downs) for stage 1 and 2 exposures is determined according to the model for calculating expected 
losses on loans and receivables, stage 3 exposures are generally measured by Cassa Centrale 
Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige on an individual basis, with a minimum amount (floor) of 10% of the (residual) 
exposure being set aside for impairment loss. A credit conversion factor of 30% is applied for stage 3 
off-statement of financial position exposures.  
Determining Probability of Default (PD) and Loss Given Default (LGD) to measure exposures 
that cannot be rated using the internal rating model  
For exposures that cannot be rated using the internal rating model due to their characteristics, specific 
PD and LGD parameters are determined that are appropriate to their characteristics and risks. The 
main counterparties in this category are banks, exposures to government agencies and securities.  
Two lifetime PD curves are used to assess these exposures; one was modelled for exposures to the 
government or government agencies, and the other was modelled for all banks and other counterparties 
that cannot be assessed using the internal model. The assignment to the curves is based on the SAE 
code of the counterparties. The lifetime PD curves comply with the requirements of IFRS 9 and are 
calculated using both point-in-time and forward-looking information.  
Risk is assigned within the two lifetime PD curves using a 10-class rating scale. For this assignment, 
counterparties that cannot be rated using the internal model are mapped to the internal rating scale of

--- Page 187 ---
10286974115-v8 
185 
47-41075393 
 
enterprises on the basis of the external rating assigned to them by a recognised rating agency or on 
the basis of their characteristics.  
A single LGD rate of 45% is used for exposures to banks and securities.  
Refining and updating the PD model in accordance with IFRS 9 and backtesting analysis of the 
internal rating system  
As part of the backtesting of the rating model and for the purpose of validating the internal rating model, 
the following factors are examined using a structured, quantitative analysis based on statistical methods:  
− 
representativeness (population stability index);  
− 
stability (calculation of annual migration matrices and analysis of their stability);  
− 
performance (truth matrix, ROC (receiver operating characteristic) curve);  
− 
calibration (binomial test);  
− 
overriding (quota analysis and concentration of overrides);  
− 
concentration (Herfindahl index).  
The results of the retrospective adjustment carried out last year were satisfactory with respect to all of 
these factors. The rating model is capable of correctly classifying exposures; it shows stable results in 
terms of concentration, stability and calibration factors.  
Use of estimates and assumptions in drawing up the financial statements  
The preparation of the financial statements also requires the use of estimates and assumptions that 
may have a significant impact on the amounts reported in the statement of financial position and income 
statement, as well as on the potential assets and liabilities in the notes to the financial statements. The 
calculation of these estimates involves the use of all available information and the adoption of subjective 
evaluations, based also on past experience, to formulate reasonable assumptions in order to record 
management events. By their nature, the estimates and assumptions used can vary from year to year 
and, therefore, it cannot be ruled out that the values recorded in the financial statements may vary 
materially in subsequent financial statements as a result of changes in the subjective evaluations used.  
The main cases where the use of subjective evaluations is most required by the company management 
are:  
− 
the quantification of impairment losses of loans and receivables and other financial assets; 
− 
the determination of the fair value of financial instruments to be used for the purposes of the notes 
to the financial statements;  
− 
checking any impairment of equity investments;  
− 
the use of internal valuation models to determine the fair value of financial instruments that are not 
listed on active markets;  
− 
the quantification of post-employment benefits and provisions for risks and charges;  
­ 
estimates and assumptions made with regard to the recoverability of deferred tax assets.  
The description of the accounting policies applied to the main financial statement aggregates provides 
the information required to identify the main subjective assumptions and evaluations used in the 
preparation of the financial statements.  
Impact of the Covid-19 pandemic

--- Page 188 ---
10286974115-v8 
186 
47-41075393 
 
After the end of the state of emergency due to Covid-19 on 31 March 2022, Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen 
dell'Alto Adige started a step-by-step process to ease the restrictions and containment measures related 
to the Covid-19 pandemic, in parallel with the lifting of the obligations by the government. Even in the 
face of recurring waves of infection, Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige maintained a number of 
key recommendations for prudent and conscious behaviour on the part of employees and customers. 
These recommendations were then gradually reduced or eliminated altogether by the end of the year.  
The use of Smart Working was confirmed as an integral part of a new way of working, based on greater 
personal responsibility and a better work-life balance. Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige sees 
this new working method as a permanent and fixed component of the post Covid-19 era. This includes 
technology investments to support the structured use of flexible working arrangements based on 
alternating office-based and remote working.  
During 2022, Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige closely monitored the impact of the Covid-19 
pandemic on the lending and liquidity of its customers, for example by promptly monitoring the positions 
of customers who had taken advantage of the various Covid-19-related support measures provided by 
the Italian State, the Autonomous Province of Bolzano, the Italian Banking Association and the 
measures offered by the Bank. As regards loans and receivables with customers outstanding as at 31 
December 2022 and for which support measures were granted in connection with Covid-19, please 
refer to Table 4.4a in Part B of these notes to the financial statements; the corresponding net impairment 
losses are instead shown in Table 8.1a in Part B of these notes to the financial statements.  
In terms of liquidity, there was no significant negative impact in 2022 as a result of the Covid-19 
pandemic or the end of the state of emergency.  
Benchmark Regulation (EU)  
With Regulation no. 2016/1011 of 8 June 2016, the European Union launched the reform of the 
benchmark indexes for determining interest rates. The purpose of this regulation is to create a single 
regulatory basis for the entire financial sector. Therefore, for financial and banking contracts, 
transaction-based interest rates or risk-free interest rates are to be used as benchmark indexes instead 
of the interbank interest rates previously used. The regulation also provides for valid replacement 
clauses in the financial or banking contracts and agreements used (fallback rule). Such clauses must 
specify an alternative benchmark index to be used if the original benchmark index is unavailable or has 
changed significantly.  
In order to be able to implement these new provisions, the financial and banking contracts used within 
Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige were checked with respect to the benchmark indexes for 
determining interest rates and replacement clauses.  
The Bank has established a contingency plan for the replacement of a reference value, which describes 
how the Bank should proceed if the reference value is no longer available or has changed significantly. 
The fallback clause is currently being implemented in banking contracts.  
TLTRO III refinancing operations and related accounting  
Operations  
TLTROs (targeted longer-term refinancing operations) are loans granted by the ECB to European banks 
to support the ECB's economic policy objectives, in particular by encouraging lending to enterprises 
and private and thereby stimulating the economy.  
These operations provides participating banks with access to refinancing facilities with predetermined 
start and maturity dates, divided into 10 tranches (quarterly payments from September 2019 to

--- Page 189 ---
10286974115-v8 
187 
47-41075393 
 
December 2021). The natural duration of the loan is three years, with the possibility of full or partial 
early repayment.  
The TLTRO III refinancing operations are governed by the ECB's decision of July 2019 and its 
subsequent amendments of September 2019, March and April 2020, January and April 2021 and finally 
27 October 2022.  
While all the decisions taken in 2019, 2020 and 2021 were part of the ECB's expansionary monetary 
policy, the latter has since been replaced by a restrictive monetary policy due to the strong inflationary 
tendencies in the Eurozone, especially after the outbreak of the war in Ukraine. The amendment to the 
TLTRO III regulation of October 2022 was designed with this in mind.  
This amendment, together with the four increases in the ECB benchmark rates in 2022, which form the 
basis for determining the interest rates for TLTRO operations, significantly worsened the conditions for 
TLTRO III financing for the participating banks and thus also for Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto 
Adige.  
In August 2019, Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige S.p.A. participated in the TLTRO III operations 
as the lead bank of the TLTRO III group together with the other participating banks of the Raiffeisen 
cooperative IPS (RIPS).  
Each bank was free to determine the amount of the loan it will use for each tranche, subject to its own 
maximum amount. The maximum amount was determined based on the stock of loans eligible for these 
operations on 28 February 2019 in accordance with the relevant regulations.  
The corresponding parameter is 55% of the stock of eligible loans, which means that Cassa Centrale 
Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige was subject to a lending limit of € 7,229,782 thousand for TLTRO III operations.  
The following table shows the amount of financing that Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige, as 
leading bank of the TLTRO III group, used at the beginning of each tranche, the corresponding 
maturities, any early repayments (ER) and the amounts used as at 31 December 2022: 
Tranche 
Currency 
Initial 
amount* 
ER date 
ER amount* 
ER date 
ER amount* 
Amount 
31/12/2022* 
Maturity 
date 
1 
25/09/2019 
34,500 
 
 
 
 
past due 
28/09/2022 
2 
18/12/2019 
158,160 
 
 
 
 
past due 
21/12/2022 
3 
25/03/2020 
122,000 
 
 
 
 
122,000 
29/03/2023 
4 
24/06/2020 
1,988,720 
23/11/2022 
140,000 
21/12/2022 
336,000 
1,512,720 
28/06/2023 
5 
30/09/2020 
285,000 
 
 
 
 
285,000 
27/09/2023 
6 
16/12/2020 
201,500 
 
 
21/12/2022 
2,000 
199,500 
20/12/2023 
7 
24/03/2021 
265,000 
23/11/2022 
15,000 
21/12/2022 
8,000 
242,000 
27/03/2024 
8 
24/06/2021 
239,500 
 
 
21/12/2022 
2,000 
237,500 
26/06/2024 
9 
29/09/2021 
40,630 
 
 
 
 
40,630 
25/09/2024 
10 
22/12/2021 
198,800 
 
 
 
 
198,800 
18/12/2024 
Total 
3,533,810 
23/11/2022 
155,000 
21/12/2022 
348,000 
2,838,150 
 
* In thousand of €  
 
Most of this financing was transferred to the Raiffeisen member banks. The remaining amount at Cassa 
Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige is € 667,800. 
Definition of conditions:  
The economic conditions of these refinancing operations have been adapted several times by the 
Governing Council of the ECB to the current economic situation in the Eurozone. TLTRO III operations

--- Page 190 ---
10286974115-v8 
188 
47-41075393 
 
are variable rate operations, indexed to the ECB benchmark rates (the main refinancing rate and the 
interest rate on central bank deposits). 
In particular, incentive mechanisms to encourage lending to enterprises and private were included in 
the definition of conditions. 
The duration of the TLTRO III operation is divided into four periods with regard to the applied interest 
rate:  
(a) 
1. Special interest rate period 24/06/2020 -23/06/2021, during which an additional bonus of 
0.5% is granted;  
(b) 
2. Special interest rate period 24/06/2021 -23/06/2022, during which an additional bonus of 
0.5% is granted;  
(c) 
Normal interest rate period for all other days of the duration of the loan;  
(d) 
Final interest rate period for all other days of the duration of the loan from 23 November 2022 
to the maturity date.  
The conditions set for the participating banks depend on the development of the eligible loans, which is 
determined by comparing the development of the periods 01/10/2020 -31/12/2021(second special 
reference period), 01/03/2020 -31/03/2021 (first special reference period) and 01/04/2019 -31/03/2021 
(second reference period) with that of the period 01/04/2018 -31/03/2019 (first reference period). At the 
same time, thresholds for the achievement of the targets were set for both special reference periods 
and for the second reference period.  
Since Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige was able to achieve the targets for eligible loans in the 
first special reference period and therefore, according to the TLTRO III regulation, the achievement of 
the targets in the second reference period is no longer relevant, two scenarios remain regarding the 
applicable conditions for TLTRO III financing (target achieved/target not achieved in the second special 
reference period).  
This incentive mechanism makes it possible to assign a corresponding interest rate to each tranche of 
the interest rate period. The latter is linked to different levels of target achievement and is indexed to 
the ECB benchmark rates. 
Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige met the targets for eligible loans in the first special reference 
period, so meeting the targets in the second reference period is no longer relevant, while it failed to 
meet the targets in the second special reference period.  
Based on the weighting of the days of the normal interest rate period, the special interest rate periods 
and the final interest rate period with the days of the duration of the loan, an average interest rate is 
obtained for each tranche as shown in the following table:  
Tranche 
1 
2 
3 
4 
5 
6 
7 
8 
9 
10 
Average 
interest rate -0.82% 
-0.74% 
-0.53% 
-0.33% 
-0.07% 
0.15% 
0.42% 
0.68% 
0.95% 
1.19% 
 
By way of comparison and for information only, the table below shows the interest rates applicable prior 
to the October 2022 regulatory change mentioned above and prior to the benchmark rate increases in 
2022:  
Tranche 
1 
2 
3 
4 
5 
6 
7 
8 
9 
10 
Average 
interest rate 
-0.83% 
-0.83 
-0.83 
-0.83 
-0.79 
-0.75 
-0.71 
-0.67% 
-0.62% 
-0.58%

--- Page 191 ---
10286974115-v8 
189 
47-41075393 
 
Accounting and reference assumptions 
In the Agenda Decision of February 2022, IFRS IC examined the accounting methods for TLTRO III 
("Targeted Longer Term Refinancing Operations"), with a special reference to the applicability of IFRS 
9 or IAS 20 to these operations, the accounting methods for interests in "special interest periods" and 
the accounting treatment of changes in estimates. IFRS IC did not take a final position on the accounting 
treatment, but provided some considerations that an entity should evaluate in determining the 
accounting methods of the operation in question and recommended appropriate disclosure in 
accordance with the criteria in IAS 1 and IFRS 7.  
As described in the previous paragraph, the accounting methods for TLTRO III ("Targeted Longer Term 
Refinancing Operations – third series"), with a special reference to the applicability of IFRS 9 or IAS 20 
to these operations, the accounting methods for interests in "special interest periods" and the 
accounting treatment of changes in estimates, no conclusive considerations were expressed by the 
IFRIC in the Final Agenda Decision published in February 2022. Therefore, application procedures 
focused on the disclosure in the notes to the financial statements of the accounting methods used.  
Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige did not evaluate the TLTRO III refinancing and, in particular, 
the conditions for it, such as subsidies or other public administration contributions, and therefore applied 
IFRS 9 exclusively.  
This approach is based on the assumption that the ECB acts as a market operator and that every bank 
in the Eurozone has access to these refinancing operations under these conditions.  
The TLTRO III financing and the corresponding accrued interest are included in asset item 40a "Loans 
and receivables with banks" and in liability item 10 a) "due to banks", while the interest on this 
transaction is recognised as interest income in item 10 and as interest expenses in item 20 of the 
income statement. The effective interest rate method was used to recognise the interest income and 
expense arising from the refinancing obtained from the ECB in the 2022 financial statements. It should 
be noted that the above current interest rates used to calculate the effective interest rates and amortised 
cost as at 31 December 2022 are derived from the ECB benchmark rates in force as at 31 December 
2022 (main refinancing rate of 2.5% and central bank deposit rate of 2%).  
This resulted in interest income of € 15,132 thousand and interest expense of € 8,240 thousand for 
2022 for Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige.  
Impacts on own funds attributable to the first-time adoption of IFRS 9  
With Regulation (EU) no. 2395 of 12 December 2017, Regulation no. 577/2013 (known as CRR) was 
updated through the inclusion of the new Article 473 bis "Introduction of IFRS 9", containing the 
transitional provisions on the effects of the first-time adoption of IFRS 9. The objective of the new rules 
is to defer the impact on equity deriving from the use of the new impairment model on all financial 
instruments. The adjustment of common equity tier 1 capital (CET 1) is planned for the period between 
2018 and 2022, including in the calculation of CET 1 the impact of the increase in provisions for 
expected losses to the extent indicated below for each of the five years of the transition period:  
2018: 95%, 2019: 85%, 2020: 70%, 2021: 50% e 2022: 25%.  
Regulation (EU) no. 873/2020 introduced an additional transitional provision on value adjustments of 
performing loans (stage 1 and 2). Therefore, for 2022, these value adjustments cannot be deducted 
100% from own funds.  
Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige S.p.A. decided to make use of the new transitional regime of 
Art. 473. bis., as defined in Regulation (EU) 2020/873.

--- Page 192 ---
10286974115-v8 
190 
47-41075393 
 
Moreover, in order to ensure a like-for-like comparison, banks using the transitional arrangements must 
provide appropriate disclosures on own funds, capital absorption and prudential ratios.  
A.2 MAIN ITEMS IN THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
Assets  
Item 10. Cash and cash equivalents  
This item includes legal tender banknotes and coins as well as demand deposits with the Bank of Italy. 
Foreign currency balances are translated into euro at the exchange rate prevailing at the end of the 
reporting period.  
As from the financial statements as at 31 December 2021, this item also includes loans and receivables 
with banks at sight.  
Item 20. Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss (FVTPL)  
This item includes all financial assets not classified in the portfolio "Financial assets at measured fair 
value through other comprehensive income" and in the portfolio "Financial assets measured at 
amortised cost".  
However, for certain investments in equity instruments that would otherwise be measured at fair value 
through profit or loss, upon initial recognition an entity may make an irrevocable choice of presenting 
subsequent changes in fair value in other comprehensive income.  
A financial instrument is measured at fair value through profit or loss (FVTPL) if:  
− 
it is given a business model (other -trading) whose objective is achieved through the sale of financial 
instruments;  
− 
the fair value option (FVO) is applied;  
− 
it fails the SPPI test.  
If the fair value of a financial asset becomes negative (e.g. for derivative contracts), this asset is 
recorded under item 20 "Financial liabilities held for trading".  
Item 20. a) Financial assets held for trading  
Financial assets held for trading can consist of debt securities, equity instruments, loans, OEIC units 
and derivatives.  
Classification  
Financial assets are classified as held for trading if:  
− 
they are mainly acquired to be sold in the short term;  
− 
they form part of a portfolio of clearly identified and jointly managed financial instruments for which 
a short-term profit strategy is pursued;  
− 
they represent a derivative, except for those used for hedging purposes. Derivatives that are 
recognised separately from the host contract when all the prescribed conditions for separation are 
met are also taken into account.

--- Page 193 ---
10286974115-v8 
191 
47-41075393 
 
Item 20. c) Financial assets mandatorily measured at fair value  
Classification  
This category includes financial assets mandatorily measured at fair value (debt securities, equity 
instruments, investment fund units not held for trading and loans) that do not meet the requirements for 
classification at amortised cost or at fair value through other comprehensive income and that are not 
held for trading.  
For the sub-items a) Financial assets held for trading, b) Financial assets designated at fair value and 
c) Financial assets mandatorily measured at fair value, the following accounting criteria are applied:  
Initial recognition  
The FVTPL financial assets are recognised in the financial statements when Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen 
dell'Alto Adige becomes a contracting party. For debt securities, investment funds and equity 
instruments this corresponds to the settlement date, for loans to the disbursement date, and for OTC 
derivative contracts to the date the contract is entered into.  
FVTPL financial assets are initially recognised at fair value, which is generally the consideration paid 
by the bank, less transaction costs that are recognised immediately in profit or loss when directly 
attributable to the financial asset.  
Derivative instruments held for trading are recognised on date the contract is signed (trade date) and 
measured at the value of the consideration paid.  
Measurement  
After initial recognition, FVTPL financial assets are measured at their fair value at the end of each 
reporting date. Fair value is defined as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to 
transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date and 
under current market conditions. For the purposes of determining fair value, reference is made to the 
three-level fair value hierarchy (hereinafter also referred to as "stage") under IFRS 13. The assignment 
to one of the three levels of fair value is not based on subjective parameters as the valuation techniques 
used (pricing models) are mainly based on observable market inputs. This minimises the use of 
unobservable market inputs.  
The valuation technique used for a financial instrument is maintained over time. It is changed only as a 
result of significant changes in market conditions or in the subjective conditions of the issuer of the 
financial instrument.  
For instruments quoted in active markets, fair value corresponds to the price published at the end of 
the reporting period, i.e. the market price (level 1).  
For instruments not quoted in active markets, fair value is determined by means of valuation techniques 
based on data directly or indirectly observable on the market (level 2).  
On the other hand, financial instruments in fair value level 3 are measured using valuation techniques 
based on unobservable market inputs. Unobservable market inputs are used to estimate fair value 
where observable market inputs are not available. These inputs reflect the assumptions, including risk 
assumptions, that market participants would consider in pricing the asset or liability.  
Derecognition  
FVTPL financial assets are derecognised when the contractual rights to the cash flows from the assets 
expire or when the financial asset has been sold by transferring substantially all of the related risks and 
benefits.

--- Page 194 ---
10286974115-v8 
192 
47-41075393 
 
Recognition of income components  
The income components of the financial instruments in asset item 20 are recognised in profit or loss as 
follows:  
− 
interest income and expenses are recognised in items 10 and 20 of the income statement;  
− 
dividends relating to shares or units held are shown under item 70 "Dividends and similar income" 
of the income statement;  
− 
realised gains and losses as well as valuation gains and losses on financial assets classified under 
item 20 a) are recognised in profit or loss under item 80 "Profits (Losses) on trading"; realised gains 
and losses as well as the measurement result of financial assets classified in item 20 c) are 
recognised in profit or loss in item 110 b) "Profits (Losses) on other assets and liabilities measured 
at fair value through profit or loss, sub-item b) other financial assets mandatorily measured at fair 
value".  
Item 30. Financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income (FVTOCI)  
Classification  
This item includes all financial assets (debt securities, equity instruments and loans) classified in the 
portfolio measured at fair value through other comprehensive income (FVTOCI).  
A financial asset is measured at fair value through other comprehensive income if:  
− 
it is characterised by a "hold to collect and sell" business model, with the objective of both collecting 
contractual cash flows and selling financial assets;  
− 
the contractual terms of the business result in cash flows that represent only payments of principal 
and interest calculated on the residual principal at precise intervals, i.e. the cash flow requirements 
are met (SPPI test).  
There are two types of financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income:  
− 
with "recycling" in profit or loss (e.g. debt securities not held for trading);  
− 
without "recycling" in profit or loss (e.g. equity instruments not held for trading, for which the equity 
option was exercised). 
The classification as FVTOCI with recycling implies that changes in fair value are recognised in equity 
and pass to profit or loss only in case of sale; On the other hand, the classification without recycling 
implies that changes in fair value due to sale also pass to equity.  
Initial recognition  
FVTOCI financial assets are initially recognised at fair value, which is generally the cost of the 
transaction adjusted for any directly attributable costs and revenues.  
These financial instruments are recognised in the financial statements when the bank becomes a 
contracting party; this is the settlement date for debt securities and equity instruments, the disbursement 
date for loans and the contract date for OTC derivatives.  
Without prejudice to the exceptions envisaged by IFRS 9 for the reclassification and simultaneous 
redefinition of the business model, transfers from the FVTOCI portfolio to other portfolios and vice versa 
are not possible.

--- Page 195 ---
10286974115-v8 
193 
47-41075393 
 
Measurement  
After their initial recognition, financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive 
income are measured at their fair value, according to the criteria illustrated for assets held for trading 
under asset item 20. In the case of unquoted equity instruments for which there is no reliable fair value 
measurement, the purchase price is considered to be the best estimate of fair value and is used as 
such.  
Financial instruments measured at fair value through other comprehensive income are subject to the 
three-step impairment model in accordance with IFRS 9, as described below for asset item 40.  
Derecognition  
Financial assets can be derecognised only when the contractual rights to the cash flows from the assets 
expire or when the financial asset is sold by transferring substantially all of the related risks and benefits.  
Recognition of income components  
The income components of assets recorded under asset item 30 are recognised as follows:  
− 
interest income and expenses are recognised in profit or loss under items 10 and 20. The effective 
interest rate method takes into account all taxes paid between the parties, transaction costs and 
any premium or discount paid;  
− 
dividends are recorded under item 70 "Dividends and similar income" of the income statement;  
− 
Net impairment losses for credit risk of FVTOCI financial assets are recognised in profit or loss 
under item 130 b) "Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income";  
− 
realised gains and losses generated by the sale of FVTOCI financial assets with recycling are 
recognised in profit or loss under item 100 b) "Profits (Losses) on sale or repurchase of: financial 
assets at fair value through other comprehensive income";  
− 
the net gains or losses from the purchase or sale of equity instruments without recycling are 
recognised in income-related reserves, i.e. in equity and not in profit or loss.  
Item 40. Financial assets measured at amortised cost:  
a) 
Loans and receivables with banks  
b) 
Loans and receivables with customers  
Classification  
A financial asset is measured at amortised cost if:  
− 
it is characterised by a "hold to collect" business model, the objective of which is to collect 
contractual cash flows;  
− 
the contractual terms of the business result in contractual cash flows that represent only payments 
of principal and interest calculated on the residual principal (known as SPPI compliant flows).  
In particular, the following instruments are recognised in this financial statement item:  
− 
loans and receivables in various technical forms to banks that fulfil the conditions set out in the 
previous paragraph;  
− 
loans and receivables in various technical forms to customers that fulfil the conditions set out in the 
previous paragraph;

--- Page 196 ---
10286974115-v8 
194 
47-41075393 
 
− 
debt securities that fulfil the conditions set out in the previous paragraph.  
Initial recognition  
In this item, debt securities are initially recognised on the settlement date and loans and receivables 
from banks and customers on the date of their disbursement or purchase, or when the customer obtains 
the right to receive the contractually agreed amounts.  
Loans and receivables are initially recognised at their fair value, which is normally the amount disbursed 
or the consideration paid for their purchase, plus/minus the revenues/costs directly attributable to the 
transaction.  
However, this value does not include costs that are reimbursed directly by the bank and customers or 
that are considered as internal administrative costs.  
Measurement  
Measurements after initial recognition are made on the basis of the amortised cost principle using the 
effective interest rate method.  
The amortised cost of a financial asset or financial liability is the amount at which a financial asset or 
financial liability is measured at initial recognition less principal repayments, plus or minus, on an 
effective interest rate basis, the cumulative amortisation of any difference between that initial amount 
and the amount at maturity and, for financial assets, adjusted for any impairment loss.  
The effective interest rate method is the method of calculating the amortised cost of a financial asset or 
liability and of allocating the interest income or expense over its amortisation period.  
The effective interest rate is the rate that exactly discounts estimated future payments or receipts over 
the expected life of the financial asset or financial liability to the gross carrying amount of a financial 
asset or the amortised cost of a financial liability.  
When calculating the effective interest rate, the entity must estimate the expected cash flows taking into 
account all contractual terms of the financial instrument (for example, advance payment, extension, a 
call option and similar options), but must not consider expected credit losses.  
 The calculation includes all expenses or income paid or received between the parties to the contract 
that are an integral part of the effective interest rate, transaction costs and all other premiums or 
discounts.  
Transaction costs (or fee and commission expense) are the marginal costs directly attributable to the 
acquisition, issue or disposal of a financial asset or liability. A marginal cost is a cost that would not have 
been incurred if the entity had not acquired, issued or disposed of the financial instrument.  
An expense or income can be considered as a transaction cost and therefore be added to or deducted 
from the consideration paid (initial recognition value) only if:  
− 
it is directly attributable to the transaction;  
− 
it is known at the time of the transaction.  
Transaction costs include fees and commissions paid to agents (including employees acting as 
commercial agents), consultants, brokers and dealers, contributions levied by regulatory bodies and 
stock exchanges, taxes and duties. Transaction costs do not include premiums or discounts, financing 
costs or internal administrative or management costs.

--- Page 197 ---
10286974115-v8 
195 
47-41075393 
 
The amortised cost method is not applied to short-term loans that have been granted up to maturity or 
with no indication of a maturity date, in view of the fact that for such loans the effect of discounting is 
normally not significant.  
With regard to the determination of impairment losses, please refer to the chapters on stage allocation 
and impairment of financial assets in the general part on accounting policies.  
Sales  
IFRS 9 requires that the exposures included in the portfolio of "Financial assets measured at amortised 
cost" be sold when certain materiality or frequency thresholds are reached, when they are nearing 
maturity, when there is an increase in credit risk or when exceptional circumstances arise. In this regard, 
it should be noted that the sales transactions of debt securities carried out by the bank in 2022 were in 
compliance with the materiality and frequency thresholds set out in the policy on the classification and 
measurement of financial instruments. During 2022 and up to the date of preparation of these financial 
statements, there was no change in the eligibility criteria for sales of financial assets managed under 
the "HTC" business model. Finally, it should be noted that the management of the debt securities 
classified in the "HTC" portfolio continues in line with the decisions taken in previous years.  
Derecognition  
These financial assets are derecognised when the risks and benefits related to their ownership are 
substantially transferred and no control is retained over them. This item is generally derecognised when 
the loan is repaid in full or the financial instrument is extinguished.  
Recognition of income components  
The income components of these financial assets are recognised as follows:  
− 
interest and similar income and expenses are recognised in profit or loss under items 10 "Interest 
and similar income" and 20 "Interest and similar expense", interest calculated using the effective 
interest rate method is recognised under the sub-item "Interest income calculated with the effective 
interest method";  
− 
gains/losses from net impairment losses for credit risk of financial assets are recognised in item 
130 a) of the income statement "Net impairment losses of financial assets measured at amortised 
cost". If the reasons for the write-down of the financial assets no longer apply, the respective write-
backs cannot exceed the amount of the previously recognised write-downs;  
− 
the net gain or loss on the sale or repurchase of financial assets is recognised in item 100 a) of the 
income statement "Profits (Losses) on sale or repurchase of financial assets measured at amortised 
cost";  
− 
the net gain or loss on amendments to contracts without derecognition of financial assets is 
recognised in item 140 of the income statement "Gains (losses) from amendments to contracts 
without derecognition".  
Item 50. (Liability item 40) - Hedging derivatives  
Classification  
This item includes derivative financial instruments used for hedging purposes that have a 
positive/negative fair value at the end of the reporting period. Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige 
applies the transitional provisions of IFRS 9 in relation to hedge accounting, i.e. it applies the hedge 
accounting requirements of IAS 39 instead of the requirements of IFRS 9 chapter 6.

--- Page 198 ---
10286974115-v8 
196 
47-41075393 
 
The hedging transactions aim at neutralising the potential losses on a particular financial instrument or 
group of financial instruments attributable to a certain risk (e.g. rise in interest rates) by means of gains 
on the hedging instruments should that particular risk actually occur. Hedging transactions are carried 
out exclusively by entering into financial derivative contracts with independent banking counterparties. 
Hedging transactions refer to individual financial instruments. The transaction is classified as a hedge 
if the bank's risk management objectives and hedging strategy have been established and if there is a 
formal and documented designation of the relationship between the hedged instrument and the hedging 
derivative, and if that relationship is highly effective both at the time the hedge begins and throughout 
its life.  
A hedge is considered to be highly effective if changes in the fair value of the hedged instrument are 
offset by changes in the fair value of the hedging derivatives and this in accordance with the company's 
original hedging strategy documented for the specific hedge transaction. More precisely, a hedge is 
considered to be effective when changes in the fair value of the hedging derivative neutralise changes 
in the fair value of the hedged item within a range of 80%-125%.  
The effectiveness of the hedge is assessed at the beginning of the hedge and on an ongoing basis 
during the life of the hedge and, in particular, at each annual or interim reporting period, using:  
− 
prospective tests that justify the application of hedge accounting and demonstrate the expected 
effectiveness of the hedge in future periods;  
− 
retrospective tests that show the degree of effectiveness of the hedging achieved in the period to 
which it refers.  
If the tests do not confirm the effectiveness of the hedge, the hedge accounting is discontinued as 
described above, and the hedging instrument is reclassified as a financial asset or liability held for 
trading.  
Hedging transactions are also no longer classified as such if:  
− 
the hedging transaction is cancelled;  
− 
in case of sale, expiry or withdrawal from the hedging transaction;  
− 
the hedged element is sold, expires or is reimbursed;  
− 
the hedging transaction is interrupted.  
Initial recognition  
Hedging derivatives are initially recognised at fair value on the settlement date.  
Measurement  
Fair value hedging derivatives, after initial recognition, are measured at fair value through the 
recognition in profit or loss of changes in fair value, referring both to the hedged item (for the portion 
attributable to the hedged risk only) and to the hedging derivative. In this way, the change in the fair 
value of the hedged item is substantially offset by the opposite change in the fair value of the hedging 
derivative.  
Recognition of income components  
The net result of hedging transactions, i.e. the hedged instrument and the hedging derivative, is 
recognised in item 90 of the income statement "Net hedging income (expense)". Interest on hedging 
derivative contracts is recognised as interest income or interest expense in items 10 and 20 of the 
income statement, respectively.

--- Page 199 ---
10286974115-v8 
197 
47-41075393 
 
Derecognition  
Hedging transactions are derecognised if the bank has transferred all risks and benefits related to the 
financial asset.  
Item 70. Equity Investments  
Classification  
This item includes the equity investments of Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige in wholly- and 
jointly-controlled companies, as well as those subject to significant influence.  
Initial recognition  
Initial recognition is at purchase cost, which is considered to be the fair value, and occurs on the 
settlement date or the date of reclassification of the equity investment.  
Measurement  
After initial recognition, equity investments are recognised on the basis of the portion of equity. The 
carrying amount of the equity investment is tested for impairment by comparing its estimated realisable 
value with its carrying amount whenever there is an indication that the equity investment may be 
impaired.  
Derecognition  
Equity investments are derecognised when the assets in question are sold by transferring substantially 
all the relevant risks and benefits.  
Recognition of income components  
The net gains and losses on equity investments are recognised in item 220 of the income statement 
"Net gains (losses) on equity investments". This item also includes any impairment losses or reversals 
of impairment losses of equity investments.  
The payment of dividends received during the year are deducted directly from this financial statement 
item.  
Item 80. Property, equipment and investment property  
Classification  
This financial statement item recognises property, equipment and investment property used in the 
business under IAS 16 and property, plant and equipment held for investment purposes under IAS 40.  
In particular, the item includes land, buildings, plant and equipment, furniture and fixtures, and other 
equipment. Assets used in the business have physical substance and are held to be used in the 
production or provision of goods and services or for administrative purposes. These assets are 
expected to be used for more than one financial year.  
This item also includes rights of use on property, plant and equipment deriving from leases in 
accordance with IFRS 16.  
Initial recognition  
Initial recognition of property, equipment and investment property takes place when they are purchased 
at cost. The purchase cost includes all the expenses directly attributable to the entry into operation of 
the asset.

--- Page 200 ---
10286974115-v8 
198 
47-41075393 
 
In accordance with IFRS 16, for leases, the right of use acquired is recognised at the inception of the 
lease, i.e. when the related financial obligation (lease payments or rent) is recognised.  
Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige used the option to revalue the property (company 
headquarters) on first-time adoption of the international accounting standards (deemed cost). The 
amount of the revaluation was determined on the basis of a prudent estimate of the property made by 
an external and independent expert. In this way, the property is recorded at market value. Extraordinary 
maintenance costs, which involve an increase in future economic benefits, are recognised directly to 
property, equipment and investment property. All other maintenance costs incurred in subsequent years 
are recognised in profit or loss in the year in which they are incurred under item 160.b) "Other 
administrative expenses", if they refer to property, equipment and investment property used in the 
business.  
Measurement  
Subsequently, Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige applies the cost model in accordance with 
paragraph 30 of IAS 16 to these assets. After initial recognition, i.e., the property, equipment and 
investment property is recorded at purchase cost, net of accumulated depreciations and impairment. 
For properties held for investment purposes in accordance with IAS 40, Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen 
dell'Alto Adige uses the option in accordance with paragraph 56 of IAS 40, i.e. it measures all of its 
properties held for investment purposes using the cost method in accordance with IAS 16. However, 
this does not apply to properties held for sale in accordance with IFRS 5 (Non-current assets held for 
sale and discontinued operations) and recognised under item 110 of assets.  
This item includes, among other things, the buildings and land of Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto 
Adige. Property, equipment and investment property in accordance with IAS 16 and IAS 40 are 
depreciated on a straight-line basis, and the expected useful life of the asset within the enterprise is 
considered to be its useful life. Land is not depreciated as it has an indefinite useful life.  
With regard to rights of use recognised in accordance with IFRS 16, the same principles in force for 
property, equipment and investment property are used for amortisation purposes.  
Impairment  
With regard to impairment, Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige operates in accordance with IAS 
36. More precisely, property, equipment and investment property are periodically assessed by Cassa 
Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige by comparing the recoverable amount with the carrying amount of 
the cash-generating unit. The recoverable amount is considered to be the higher of the fair value less 
costs to sell and the value in use of the cash-generating unit.  
If the recoverable amount of the cash-generating unit is less than its carrying amount, the corresponding 
difference is immediately recognised in profit or loss as an impairment loss.  
With regard to rights of use recognised in accordance with IFRS 16, the same principles in force for 
property, equipment and investment property are used to determine impairment.  
Derecognition  
Property, equipment and investment property are derecognised from the financial statements only if 
Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige has lost all the relevant risks and benefits, i.e. if no economic 
benefits are expected from the asset, if the asset is no longer at the disposal of Cassa Centrale 
Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige or if the right to use the asset has expired.  
Recognition of income components  
The income components of these financial assets are recognised as follows:

--- Page 201 ---
10286974115-v8 
199 
47-41075393 
 
− 
depreciation due to use and any impairment losses are recognised in item 180 of the income 
statement "Depreciation and net impairment losses on property, equipment and investment 
property";  
− 
net gains and losses on sale are recognised in profit or loss under item 250 "Net gains (losses) on 
sales of investments";  
− 
gains and losses from the fair value measurement of property, equipment and investment property 
are recognised in item 230 of the income statement "Net result of property, plant and equipment 
and intangible assets at fair value".  
The calculation of depreciation due to use is based on the estimated useful life of each property, 
equipment and investment property, which are grouped by homogeneous classes for this purpose. 
Depreciation is on a straight-line basis.  
Land and work of art are not depreciated as they have an indefinite useful life.  
Investment property  
This investment property is held by Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige to increase rental income 
and/or invested capital. The criteria for initial recognition, measurement and derecognition of this 
investment property are the same as for investment property used in the business.  
Depreciation due to use and any impairment losses are recognised in item 180 of the income statement 
"Depreciation and net impairment losses on property, equipment and investment property" in proportion 
to the estimated useful life of the asset in question.  
Investment property is impaired when there is evidence of impairment loss and the carrying amount 
does not fully cover the potential net realisable value. In this case, the required impairment is recognised 
in profit or loss under item 180 "Depreciation and net impairment losses on property, equipment and 
investment property".  
If the value of a previously impaired asset is reinstated because the reasons for its impairment no longer 
exist, the new carrying amount, net of depreciations, cannot exceed the carrying amount that would 
have been determined had no impairment loss been recognised for the asset in prior periods.  
Item 90. Intangible assets  
Classification  
Intangible assets are assets that the bank uses for several years or indefinitely and from which it expects 
to derive future economic benefits. Intangible assets consist mainly of expenses for the purchase of 
software. Costs capitalised in previous periods have been retained and their amortisation continued.  
This item also includes rights of use on intangible assets deriving from leases in accordance with IFRS 
16.  
Initial recognition  
Intangible assets are recognised at purchase cost, which includes the purchase price and all directly 
attributable additional expenses, only if it is probable that the future economic benefits attributable to 
the asset will materialise and if the cost of the asset can be measured reliably. Various factors are 
considered when estimating the useful life, such as the expected period of use, technical, commercial 
or other kind of deterioration, the dependence of the useful life of the asset on the useful life of other 
assets, etc.

--- Page 202 ---
10286974115-v8 
200 
47-41075393 
 
If a future value in use cannot be determined, the costs of intangible assets are recognised directly in 
profit or loss in the year in which they are incurred. Any subsequent expenses are capitalised only if 
they increase the value and/or the expected economic benefits of the intangible asset.  
Measurement  
After initial recognition, intangible assets are recorded at purchase cost, net of accumulated 
amortisation and impairment. The amortisation of intangible assets with a definite useful life is 
calculated according to their useful life.  
At the end of each reporting period or interim reporting period, intangible assets are tested for 
impairment (impairment test). If there is objective evidence that an individual asset may be impaired, 
this impairment is estimated and recognised in item 230 of the income statement "Net result of property, 
equipment and investment property and intangible assets at fair value". In determining the impairment, 
the carrying amount of the asset is compared with its net realisable value by deducting any costs to sell 
directly attributable to the property, equipment and investment property and its value in use, which is 
understood to be the present value of the future cash flows expected to arise from the asset as a result 
of its continued use. If the value of a previously impaired asset is reinstated because the reasons for its 
impairment no longer exist, the new carrying amount cannot exceed the carrying amount that would 
have been determined had no impairment loss been recognised for the intangible asset in prior periods.  
Derecognition  
An intangible asset is derecognised when it is sold or when no economic benefits are expected to arise 
from its use or sale.  
Recognition of income components  
Depreciation due to use and impairment losses are recognised in item 190 of the income statement 
"Amortisation and net impairment losses on intangible assets".  
The gains and losses on sale of intangible assets are recognised in profit or loss under item 250 "Net 
gains (losses) on sales of investments".  
For intangible assets that are not amortised, any impairment losses are recognised in item 240 of the 
income statement "Goodwill impairment losses".  
Item 100. Tax assets  
• 
current  
• 
deferred tax assets  
Item 60 Tax liabilities  
• 
current  
• 
deferred tax liabilities  
Tax receivables and payables are shown in the statement of financial position under item 100 "Tax 
assets" and item 60 "Tax liabilities", respectively. Tax assets and liabilities include current taxes, 
deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities for the year in question.  
Income taxes are calculated in accordance with national tax regulations and applying the tax rates in 
force. The amount of tax assets/liabilities also includes the reasonably estimated risk arising from 
outstanding tax disputes. If there are taxable temporary differences, the relevant tax assets or liabilities

--- Page 203 ---
10286974115-v8 
201 
47-41075393 
 
are recognised. No deferred taxes are provided for in relation to valuation reserves subject to tax 
deferral as it is currently considered that the conditions for future taxation have not been met. Deferred 
tax assets are recognised using the balance sheet liability method and on the assumption that there is 
reasonable certainty of their recovery in future years. Tax assets and liabilities are normally recognised 
in profit or loss, unless they arise from transactions whose effects are recognised directly in equity. In 
the latter case, tax assets and liabilities are recognised directly in equity.  
Item 120. Other assets (Item 80. of Liabilities Other liabilities)  
All assets and liabilities that cannot be classified under other statement of financial position items are 
recognised under these items. They are measured at their actual value on the date of preparation of 
the financial statements. Examples include assets such as gold, precious metals, receivables from 
services, accruals deferrals, receivables from suppliers, receivables from withholding taxes and 
amounts to be processed, provided they are of low value. Amounts under this item are normally 
recognised at their nominal value, provided the measurement shows that the latter is realisable.  
With Italian Decree Laws no. 18/2020 and no. 34/2020, tax incentives for private and enterprises for 
investments and other expenses were introduced into Italian law. Private and enterprises have the 
option of using these benefits in the form of tax credits or selling the tax credits to third parties, including 
banks. Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige took advantage of these opportunities and offered its 
customers the purchase of such tax credits.  
Since these tax credits are not attributable to any accounting principle, they are recognised in this 
financial statement item at amortised cost in accordance with a recommendation of the supervisory 
authorities Bank of Italy, Consob and IVASS. Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige intends to keep 
the acquired tax credits until they expire. This applies provided it can offset tax credits against its tax 
liabilities.  
Liabilities  
Item 10. Financial liabilities measured at amortised cost:  
a) Due to banks  
b) Due to customers  
c) Securities issued  
Classification  
Financial Statement items 10 a) and 10 b) include financial liabilities to banks and customers in any 
technical form measured at amortised cost (deposits, current accounts, loans). Item 10 c) includes 
securities issued measured at amortised cost.  
This item also includes funds made available by the State or other public bodies for specific statutory 
purposes (e.g. third-party funds under management), provided that interest income and expenses have 
been agreed for the lending institution.  
This also includes funds made available by public institutions with which Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen 
dell'Alto Adige takes a risk. Finally, this item includes securities issued measured at amortised cost (e.g. 
savings bonds) and, in particular, securities expired not yet repaid.  
Initial recognition  
The financial liabilities are recognised in the financial statements when Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen 
dell'Alto Adige becomes a party to the financial instrument. Initial recognition takes place at the value

--- Page 204 ---
10286974115-v8 
202 
47-41075393 
 
that normally corresponds to the consideration received from the bank. The initial recognition value also 
includes any transaction costs and revenues if they are directly attributable to the liability.  
Measurement  
After initial recognition, financial liabilities are measured at amortised cost using the effective interest 
rate method as described in asset item 40. Short-term liabilities continue to be recognised at the value 
of the consideration received.  
Derecognition  
Financial liabilities are derecognised when they are extinguished, i.e. when the liability is settled by 
payment to the creditor or when Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige is legally released from its 
original obligation under the liability, either by law or by the creditor.  
Liabilities issued and subsequently repurchased by the bank are derecognised.  
Recognition of income components  
Interest expense is recognised in item 20. of the income statement "Interest and similar expense". The 
gains and losses on sale or purchase of financial liabilities, as well as on repurchase of securities issued 
by the bank, are recognised in profit or loss under item 100 c) "Profits (Losses) on sale or repurchase 
of financial liabilities".  
Item 20. Financial liabilities held for trading  
Classification  
This financial statement item includes financial liabilities held for trading, regardless of their technical 
form. This also includes financial derivatives other than hedging derivatives with a negative fair value.  
Initial recognition  
Financial liabilities held for trading are recognised in the financial statements on the settlement date. 
Initial recognition is at the value of the consideration received, which is equivalent to their fair value. 
Measurement  
After initial recognition, financial liabilities held for trading are measured at fair value determined in 
accordance with IFRS 9.  
Derecognition  
Financial liabilities are derecognised when they are extinguished.  
Recognition of income components  
Income components are recognised as follows:  
­ 
interest and similar expense are recognised in item 20. of the income statement "Interest and 
similar expense";  
­ 
any valuation, sale or purchase gains or losses are recognised in item 80 of the income statement 
"Profits (Losses) on trading".  
Item 90. Post-employment benefits 
The post-employment benefit fund is to be understood as a payable to personnel relating to a defined 
benefit that will be paid to them at the end of their employment. Its recognition in the financial statements 
required estimating the amount of benefits accrued by employees and discounting them using actuarial 
techniques. These benefits were calculated by an external and independent actuary using the projected

--- Page 205 ---
10286974115-v8 
203 
47-41075393 
 
unit credit method, which considers each period of service as giving rise to an additional unit of post-
employment benefits to be used in calculating the final obligation. Total future cash outflows are 
calculated on the basis of demographic assumptions regarding the evolution of existing employees and 
economic and financial assumptions and discounting these flows at a market interest rate.  
Pursuant to Italian Law no. 335/95, employees hired on or after 28 April 1993 can allocate part of their 
post-employment benefits to a supplementary pension fund in accordance with current company 
agreements. For first-time employees hired after 28 April 1993, all post-employment benefits are paid 
into a supplementary pension fund, such as the Raiffeisen Fondo Pensione Aperto (Raiffeisen Open 
Pension Fund), in accordance with the applicable company agreements. The introduction of Italian 
Legislative Decree no. 124/93 envisaged the possibility of allocating accrued portions of post-
employment benefits to the financing of supplementary pensions. In this regard, the 2007 Finance Act 
(Italian Law no. 296 of 27 December 2006), which brought forward to 1 January 2007 the effective date 
of the new regulations on the Supplementary Pension introduced by Italian Legislative Decree no. 252 
of 5 December 2005, gave the possibility of vesting accrued Post-employment benefits into the 
supplementary pension. This new provision concerned companies with at least 50 employees. The 
latter were then able to express their decision on the matter, explicitly or tacitly, by 30 June 2007. These 
new provisions were taken into account in the measurement of the post-employment benefit fund.  
In accordance with IAS, only the liabilities from post-employment benefits remaining with the company 
were estimated, since the accrued portion of post-employment benefits was paid to a separate entity 
(supplementary pension scheme or INPS funds). As a result of these payments, the company will no 
longer have any obligations relating to the employee's future employment. The cost of post-employment 
benefits accrued during the year is recognised in profit or loss under item 160 a) "Personnel expenses" 
and includes the present value of the benefits accrued by employees in service (current service cost) 
during the year and the interest accrued on the obligation (interest cost) during the year. Actuarial gains 
and losses, defined as the difference between the carrying amount of the liability and the present value 
of the obligation at the end of the period, are recognised in a specific equity reserve.  
Item 100. Provisions for risks and charges  
a) Commitments and guarantees given  
b) Pension and similar obligations  
c) Other provisions for risks and charges  
This item includes provisions for risks and charges in accordance with IAS 37 (Provisions, contingent 
liabilities and contingent assets) and expected credit losses in accordance with IFRS 9, paragraph 5.5.  
a) Commitments and guarantees given  
This item includes provisions for risks and charges in accordance with IAS 37 (Provisions, contingent 
liabilities and contingent assets) and expected credit losses in accordance with IFRS 9, paragraph 5.5. 
In particular, this accounting standard provides that for commitments to provide loans and financial 
guarantee contracts, the date on which the entity becomes a party to the firm commitment is considered 
the date of initial recognition for the purposes of applying the impairment provisions. This implies that, 
for such commitments to provide loans and financial guarantee contracts, impairment adjustments must 
be recognised for expected credit losses by determining the impairment according to the impairment 
model described in paragraph 5.5 of IFRS 9.  
With regard to expected credit losses, please refer to the calculation of impairment losses under asset 
item 40.  
At the end of the reporting period, impairment was determined using an internal rating procedure.

--- Page 206 ---
10286974115-v8 
204 
47-41075393 
 
The provisions required under IAS 37 must be recognised only if the bank has a present obligation 
(legal or constructive) as a result of a past event, it is probable that an outflow of resources representing 
economic benefits will be required to settle the obligation and, finally, if a reliable estimate can be made 
of the amount of the obligation.  
b) Pension and similar obligations  
Item 100 b) includes expenses arising from commitments for supplementary pension funds with 
guaranteed benefits and defined contribution funds classified as "internal funds" under current social 
security regulations.  
c) Other provisions for risks and charges  
Item 100 c) includes amounts for risks and charges not included in the previous items.  
Other provisions for risks and charges represent liabilities to be recognised only when:  
− 
the bank has a present obligation (legal or constructive) as a result of a past event;  
− 
it is probable that an outflow of resources representing economic benefits will be required to settle 
the obligation;  
− 
it is possible to make a reliable estimate of the amount of the obligation.  
If these conditions are not met, no liability for risks and charges is recognised. The amounts set aside 
are determined so that they represent the best possible estimate of the expense required to fulfil the 
obligations. In determining this estimate, consideration is given to the risks and uncertainties that 
characterise the facts and circumstances under consideration. At the end of each reporting period or 
interim reporting period, the provisions set aside are reviewed and, if necessary, adjusted to reflect the 
best current estimate. When, following a review, it is found that the expense is unlikely to be incurred, 
the provision is reversed. A provision is used only against the expenses for which it was initially 
recognised. Provisions also include liabilities to personnel related to loyalty bonuses.  
Item 110. Valuation reserves  
This item includes valuation differences arising from the first-time adoption of IFRS and from 
subsequent valuations of FVTOCI financial assets, property, equipment and investment property and 
intangible assets. This item also includes gains and losses arising from the calculation of the present 
value of post-employment benefits, defined as the difference between the statutory carrying amount of 
liabilities and the present value of those liabilities at the end of the reporting period. Revaluation 
reserves recognised in pursuance of special revaluation laws are also included.  
Item 140. Reserves  
This item includes income-related reserves as well as reserves arising from the first-time adoption of 
international accounting standards.  
Other information  
Foreign currency transactions  
Initial recognition  
Foreign currency transactions are recognised at the exchange rate prevailing on the date of the 
transaction.

--- Page 207 ---
10286974115-v8 
205 
47-41075393 
 
Measurement  
Subsequent to initial recognition, foreign currency assets and liabilities are recognised at the respective 
exchange rate at the end of the reporting period.  
Recognition of income components  
Exchange rate differences arising from the settlement of transactions at rates different from those of 
initial recognition and unrealised exchange rate differences on foreign currency assets and liabilities 
are recognised in item 80 of the income statement "Profits (Losses) on trading".  
Repurchase agreements  
Securities received in a transaction where there is a contractual obligation to resell them and securities 
delivered in a transaction where there is a contractual obligation to repurchase them are not recognised 
or derecognised in the financial statements. Accordingly, in the case of a security purchased under a 
resale agreement (reverse repurchase agreement), the amount paid is recognised as loans and 
receivables from customers or with banks, or as a financial asset held for trading. In the case of a 
security sold under a repurchase agreement (reverse repurchase agreement), the liability is recognised 
in due to banks or customers, or under trading liabilities. Income from receivables/payables, consisting 
of coupons accrued on securities and the difference between the spot and forward prices of those 
securities, is recognised on an accrual basis in the income statement items relating to interest income 
or expense.  
A.3 DISCLOSURE ON THE RECLASSIFICATION OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS  
No financial instruments were reclassified during 2022.  
A.4 FAIR VALUE INFORMATION  
The disclosures to be made in the annual financial statements concerning the fair value of financial 
instruments are defined in IFRS 13.  
This standard brings together in a single document all the information required about fair value 
measurement methods.  
The provisions of IFRS 9 continue to apply to the types of financial instruments to which fair value 
measurement applies, i.e. fair value applies to all financial instruments except financial assets 
measured at amortised cost for which the fair value option is not applied.  
However, international accounting standards and the supervisory provisions of the Bank of Italy itself 
require the disclosure of the fair value of a whole range of assets and liabilities measured at amortised 
cost (loans and receivables with customers and due to banks, securities issued).  
IFRS 13 defines fair value as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a 
liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date, regardless 
whether that price is directly observable or estimated using another valuation technique.  
The definition of fair value is based on the fundamental assumption that the entity is fully operational 
and there is no intention or need to liquidate, significantly reduce the business or enter into transactions 
on unfavourable terms. The fair value also reflects the credit quality of the financial instrument as it 
incorporates counterparty risk.  
IFRS 13 provides for a classification of fair value measurements of financial instruments based on a 
specific hierarchy that is determined by the inputs used in the fair value measurement process.  
Financial instruments are therefore divided into three levels of fair value:

--- Page 208 ---
10286974115-v8 
206 
47-41075393 
 
• 
Level 1: when quoted prices in an active market are available for the financial assets and 
liabilities being measured;  
• 
Level 2: if no active market exists, fair value is determined using valuation techniques that 
include only inputs that are directly or indirectly observable in the market;  
• 
Level 3: when prices are calculated using valuation techniques with significant inputs based on 
parameters that are not observable in the market.  
In cases where fair value cannot be reasonably estimated and/or the costs of calculating fair value are 
excessive, financial instruments are recorded at original purchase cost.  
The choice between the above categories is not discretionary and the valuation techniques adopted 
maximise the use of observable market factors, relying as little as possible on subjective parameters.  
The valuation method defined for a financial instrument is maintained over time and is only changed if 
there is a material change in market conditions or a subjective change in the issuer of the financial 
instrument.  
They are generally considered to be quotes in an active market (stage 1):  
− 
listed shares;  
− 
government securities listed on regulated markets;  
− 
bonds listed on regulated markets;  
− 
listed funds;  
− 
derivative contracts for which quotes are available on a regulated market.  
The purchase price (bid price) is used for financial assets quoted in active markets and the selling price 
(ask price) on the valuation date is used for financial liabilities.  
Qualitative information  
A.4.1 Fair value stages 2 and 3: valuation techniques and inputs used  
A financial instrument is classified in stage 2 or 3 in the absence of quoted prices in active markets.  
On the other hand, classification in stage 2 rather than stage 3 depends on the observability in the 
markets of the inputs used for fair value measurement.  
Units of mutual investment funds are listed at the NAV (net asset value) reported by the asset 
management company adjusted where appropriate with a discount to account for liquidity risk. Where 
both observable market inputs (stage 2) and unobservable market inputs (stage 3) are used in the 
measurement of a financial instrument, the instrument is categorised in stage 3 of the fair value 
hierarchy if the unobservable inputs are significant in determining fair value.  
The valuation method defined for a financial instrument is maintained over time, unless alternative 
techniques are available that provide a more representative fair value measurement.  
The fair value used for the measurement of financial instruments is determined on the basis of the 
criteria set out below:

--- Page 209 ---
10286974115-v8 
207 
47-41075393 
 
Stage 2: Valuation methods based on observable market parameters  
For stage 2 instruments, an input data is considered observable, directly or indirectly, when it is 
continuously available to all market participants, thanks to its regular publication through specific 
information channels (stock exchanges, information providers, brokers, market makers, websites, etc.). 
The measurement of the financial instrument is based on prices derived from market prices of similar 
assets (comparable approach) or using valuation techniques in which all significant factors - including 
interest rates, interest rate curves and credit spreads - are derived from observable market parameters 
(mark-to-model approach).  
Stage 2 inputs include:  
− 
prices quoted in active markets;  
− 
prices listed for the analysed instrument or for similar instruments on markets that are not active, 
i.e. markets where there are few transactions, prices are not current or vary substantially over time;  
− 
observable market inputs e.g. interest rates, interest rate curves, volatility indexes, credit spreads;  
− 
input corroborated by market data.  
With regard to the portfolio of financial instruments at the end of the reporting period, investment fund 
units, over-the-counter (OTC) financial derivatives, bonds with no official prices from an active market, 
and financial instruments on the liabilities side measured at fair value are included in stage 2.  
OTC (over the counter) financial derivatives  
Interest rate, exchange rate, equity, inflation and commodity derivatives that are not traded on regulated 
markets are considered over-the-counter (OTC) instruments if they are traded bilaterally between two 
market counterparties. They are measured using special pricing models, fed by market observable 
inputs, such as rate curves, volatility matrices and exchange rates.  
The method used in evaluating these contracts is as follows:  
− 
interest rate derivatives (IRS): discounted cash flow model;  
− 
options: black&scholes model, cox-rubinstein binomial model;  
− 
cap/floor: black log normal shifted model;  
− 
foreign currency derivatives: internal model for determining forward points.  
Moreover, counterparty risk and own credit risk are taken into account when determining the fair value 
of derivatives. This involves the application of a "credit value adjustment" to financial derivative assets 
and a "debit value adjustment" to financial derivative liabilities. For the calculation of credit risk, Cassa 
Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige uses a valuation model based on the probability of default and the 
recovery rate.  
Bonds recorded on the asset side of the statement of financial position not quoted in an active market 
With regard to purchased debt securities that are not quoted in an active market, Cassa Centrale 
Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige checks:  
− 
whether there is an inactive market for the financial instrument. In this case, the measurement of 
the financial instrument is based on prices available in an inactive market as long as they are 
considered representative of fair value;  
− 
the presence of an active market for an instrument with similar characteristics. In this case, the 
measurement of the financial instrument is based on prices derived from market prices of similar

--- Page 210 ---
10286974115-v8 
208 
47-41075393 
 
assets (known as comparable approach). The comparative approach involves seeking transactions 
in active markets for instruments that are comparable to the instrument being measured.  
If it is not possible to apply the methods described above, Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige 
adopts valuation models based on observable market inputs as much as possible. The "discounted 
cash flow model" is applied to stage 2 securities, i.e. the determination of the present value of expected 
future cash flows, considering all risk factors to which the instrument is exposed (counterparty risk, 
issuer risk). The issuer's credit risk is included in the measurement by reference to the credit spread of 
the underlying issuer itself (if any) or the issuer's economic sector.  
Own bonds  
The bonds issued by Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige are not listed on a regulated market with 
the exception of EMTN bonds that are listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. The secondary 
market price is determined using the discounted cash flow method described above. Under this method, 
the fair value of bonds issued by the bank is determined by discounting estimated future cash flows at 
an observable market rate, increased by a spread calculated on the basis of the bank's most recent 
own issues in order to ensure a valuation that reflects as closely as possible the transaction price in the 
non-institutional market.  
The determination of the fair value of bonds issued, whether for the purpose of calculating the carrying 
amount (in the case of bond issues measured under the fair value option) or for disclosure in the notes 
to the financial statements (in the case of bond issues measured at amortised cost), is based on the 
same pricing methodology as that used to determine the trading price of bond issues in the secondary 
market.  
Stage 3: Valuation methods based on unobservable market parameters  
All financial instruments that are not quoted in an active market and for which the determination of the 
relative fair value is based on valuation models using parameters that are not directly observable in the 
market are classified in stage 3. Unobservable market inputs are used to estimate fair value where 
observable market inputs are not available. Therefore, these inputs reflect the assumptions, including 
risk assumptions, that market participants would consider in pricing the asset or liability. Measurement 
is based on the best available information, including internal data. Unlisted equity instruments are also 
classified in stage 3. These are non-controlling interests in unlisted financial and non-financial 
companies. For these securities, fair value cannot be reasonably estimated or the cost of determining 
fair value is considered excessive. Accordingly, they are recognised at original purchase cost.  
Loans and receivables with banks and with customers  
For financial instruments recognised in the financial statements at purchase cost or amortised cost, and 
substantially classified as loans and receivables with banks and with customers, a fair value is 
determined for disclosure purposes in the notes to the financial statements.  
Specifically:  
− 
for medium- to long-term non-performing loans (bad loans, unlikely to pay and past due/overdue), 
fair value is determined by discounting the contractual cash flows or those quantified on the basis 
of repayment plans, net of estimated loss and recovery costs, using contractual rates;  
− 
for medium- to long-term performing loans, the discounted cash flow method is applied to determine 
fair value by discounting future cash flows using a current market rate and adjusting the values for 
credit risk, which is based on the probability of default and the recovery rate;  
− 
for assets and liabilities at sight or with a maturity of less than one year, the carrying amount, net of 
impairment, at which they are recognised is considered to be a good approximation of fair value.

--- Page 211 ---
10286974115-v8 
209 
47-41075393 
 
As these financial assets are generally not traded in the market, fair value is determined using internal 
parameters that are not directly observable in the market and therefore these instruments are classified 
in fair value level 3.  
Due to banks and customers and securities issued  
For liability instruments recorded under the items due to banks and due to customers, the fair value of 
which is determined solely for disclosure purposes, a distinction is made between at-sight and medium- 
to long-term payables.  
Specifically:  
− 
for payables at sight, maturing in the short term (less than 12 months) or revocable, the carrying 
amount is considered representative of fair value;  
− 
for medium/long-term payables, fair value is determined using valuation techniques such as 
discounted cash flow, i.e., discounting future cash flows at a market rate that reflects all risk factors 
to which the instrument is exposed.  
As these financial liabilities are generally not traded in the market, the fair value is determined using 
internal parameters that are not directly observable in the market and therefore these instruments are 
classified in fair value level 3.  
A.4.2 Processes and sensitivity of measurement  
All financial assets and liabilities are measured with the support of the internal functions and specific 
committees of Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige.  
Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige has policies (pricing policies) and operating procedures that 
describe the valuation techniques and inputs used. The documents identify:  
− 
the roles and responsibilities of the company officers and functions involved;  
− 
rules for classification within fair value levels, as required by IAS/IFRS;  
− 
techniques and methods for measuring financial instruments;  
− 
information flows.  
As at 31 December 2022, Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige hold financial instruments classified 
as stage 3, which are measured using techniques based on significant inputs that are not observable 
on the market.  
The sensitivity analysis required by IFRS 13 was not applied to the following instruments:  
− 
equity instruments for which no inputs (observable or unobservable) were available to estimate fair 
value or for which the cost to determine fair value was deemed excessive were recorded at 
purchase cost;  
− 
OEIC units were assigned a fair value corresponding to the last net asset value provided by the 
management company by applying a liquidity discount.  
A.4.3 Fair value level  
The transition of a financial instrument from fair value stage 1 to stage 2 or vice versa derives mainly 
from the degree of liquidity of the instrument itself at the time of its listing, which determines the use of 
a price recorded in an active market (stage 1) rather than a price derived from a pricing model (stage 
2). If there is objective evidence that the price for a financial asset or financial liability is not significant 
or not available (e.g. lack of prices from multiple market participants, few or inconsistent prices), the

--- Page 212 ---
10286974115-v8 
210 
47-41075393 
 
instrument is included in stage 2 of the fair value hierarchy. This classification could be revised if active 
market prices were again available for the same financial instrument.  
This trend is mainly adopted for debt securities, equity instruments and OEIC units. Derivative 
instruments listed on regulated markets are normally included in stage 1, since a price expressed by 
the reference exchanges is normally available for them.  
OTC derivative instruments are usually measured using pricing models and are therefore classified as 
fair value stages 2 or 3, depending on whether observable or unobservable inputs are used. The 
transition from stage 2 to stage 3 or vice versa depends on the weight or importance given to the 
observable or unobservable input variables.

--- Page 213 ---
10286974115-v8 
211 
47-41075393 
 
A.3 Information on transfers between portfolios of financial assets  
 
A.3.1 Reclassified financial assets: change in the business model, carrying amount and interest 
income  
Type of financial 
instrument 
Source portfolio 
Target portfolio 
Reclassification 
date 
Reclassified 
carrying amount 
Interest income 
recorded in the year 
(pre-tax) 
Debt securities 
Fair Value to other 
comprehensive income 
Held to collect 
01/01/2019 
394,312 
 
 
A.3.2 Reclassified financial assets: change in the business model, fair value and effects on 
comprehensive income  
Type of financial 
instrument 
Source portfolio 
Target 
portfolio 
Fair value 
as at 
31/12/2022 
Capital gains/losses in the 
absence of transfer to the 
income statement (pre-tax) 
Capital gains/losses in the 
absence of transfer to 
equity (pre-tax) 
31/12/2022 
31/12/2021 
31/12/2022 
31/12/2021 
Debt securities 
Fair Value to 
other 
comprehensive 
income 
Held to 
collect 
307,586 
 
 
1,814 
4,119 
 
As already stated in the annual report as at 31 December 2018, following the non-establishment of the 
Raiffeisen Group decreed by the implementing regulations of the reform of cooperative credit banks, 
the Board of Directors decided to reclassify the Bank's financial instruments from the HTCS portfolio to 
the HTC portfolio for a nominal amount of € 390 million effective from 1 January 2019. The fair value of 
the reclassified debt securities developed positively since their reclassification.

--- Page 214 ---
10286974115-v8 
212 
47-41075393 
 
Qualitative information  
 
A.4.1 Levels of fair value 2 and 3: valuation techniques and inputs used  
A.4.2 Processes and sensitivity of measurements  
A.4.3 Fair value level  
A.4.4 Other information  
A.4.5 Fair value level  
Quantitative information  
A.4.5.1 Assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis: breakdown by fair value 
level:  
Financial assets/liabilities at fair 
value 
31/12/2022 
31/12/2021 
Level 1 
Level 2 
Level 3 
Level 1 
Level 2 
Level 3 
1. Financial assets measured at fair 
value through profit or loss 
5,789 
136,980 
13,383 
3,562 
143,350 
10,124 
a) financial assets held for trading 
5,789 
26,419 
40 
3,562 
21,096 
- 
b) financial assets designated at fair 
value 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
c) other financial assets mandatorily 
measured at fair value 
- 
110,561 
13,343 
- 
122,254 
10,148 
2. Financial assets measured at fair 
value through other comprehensive 
income 
416,700 
- 
54,924 
416,304 
- 
56,467 
3. Hedging derivatives 
- 
1,343 
- 
- 
- 
- 
4. Property, equipment and investment 
property 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
5. Intangible assets 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Total 
422,489 
138,323 
68,307 
419,866 
143,350 
66,591 
1. Financial liabilities held for trading 
- 
5,713 
61 
- 
1,069 
59 
2. financial liabilities designated at fair 
value 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
3. Hedging derivatives 
- 
13 
- 
- 
1,184 
- 
Total 
- 
5,725 
61 
- 
2,253 
59 
 
A.4.5.2 Annual changes of assets at fair value on a recurring basis (Level 3):  
 
Financial assets measured at fair value through 
profit or loss 
Financial 
assets 
measured at 
fair value 
through other 
comprehensive 
income 
Hedging 
derivatives 
Property, 
equipment 
and 
investment 
property 
Intangible 
assets 
 
Total 
Of which: 
a) financial 
assets 
held for 
trading 
Of which: b) 
financial 
assets 
designated at 
fair value 
Of which: c) 
other 
financial 
assets 
mandatorily 
measured at 
fair value 
1. Opening balance 
10,124 
- 
- 
10,124 
56,467 
- 
- 
- 
2. Increases 
3,453 
40 
- 
3,453 
6,650 
- 
- 
- 
2.1 Purchases 
1,948 
- 
- 
1,948 
4,090 
- 
- 
- 
2.2 Gains recognised in: 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
2.2.1 profit or loss 
85 
- 
- 
85 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- of which: Capital gains 
1,358 
- 
- 
1,358 
- 
- 
- 
- 
2.2.2 Equity 
- 
- 
- 
- 
2,560 
- 
- 
- 
2.3 Transfers from other levels 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
-

--- Page 215 ---
10286974115-v8 
213 
47-41075393 
 
2.4 Other increases 
62 
40 
- 
21 
- 
- 
- 
- 
3. Decreases 
193 
- 
- 
193 
8,193 
- 
- 
- 
3.1 Sales 
130 
- 
- 
130 
- 
- 
- 
- 
3.2 Redemptions 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
3.3 Losses recognised in: 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
3.3.1 profit or loss 
59 
- 
- 
59 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- of which Capital losses 
59 
- 
- 
59 
- 
- 
- 
- 
3.3.2 Equity 
- 
- 
- 
- 
2,799 
- 
- 
- 
3.4 Transfers to other levels 
- 
- 
- 
- 
5,395 
- 
- 
- 
3.5 Other decreases 
4 
- 
- 
4 
- 
- 
- 
- 
4. Closing balance 
13,383 
40 
- 
13,343 
54,924 
- 
- 
- 
 
A.4.5.4 Assets and liabilities not measured at fair value or measured at fair value on a non-
recurring basis: breakdown by fair value level:  
Assets/liabilities not measured at 
fair value or measured at fair 
value on a non-recurring basis 
31/12/2022 
31/12/2021 
CA 
Level 1 
Level 2 
Level 3 
CA 
Level 1 
Level 2 
Level 3 
1. Financial assets measured at 
amortised cost 
5,116,625 833,247 1,458,526 2,893,126 5,276,507 934,281 1,321,204 3,151,825 
2. Investment property 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
3. Non-current assets held for sale 
and disposal groups 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Total 
5,116,625 833,247 1,458,526 2,893,126 5,276,507 934,281 1,321,204 3,151,825 
1. Financial liabilities measured at 
amortised cost 
5,725,314 422,212 
425,355 4,828,674 6,443,722 
- 
870,882 5,582,557 
2. Liabilities included in disposal 
groups classified as held for sale 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Total 5,725,314 422,212 
425,355 4,828,674 6,443,722 
- 
870,882 5,582,557

--- Page 216 ---
10286974115-v8 
214 
47-41075393 
 
Part B - Information on the statement of financial position (balance sheet) 
Assets  
Section 1 – Cash and cash equivalents – Item 10 
 
1.1 Cash and cash equivalents: breakdown  
 
31/12/2022 
31/12/2021 
a) Cash  
9,760 
9,008 
b) Deposit accounts with central banks  
134,936 
946,635 
c) Deposit accounts with banks  
170,866 
19,204 
Total 
315,563 
974,847 
 
Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige is responsible for maintaining the right level of liquidity within 
the Raiffeisen organisation and supplying Raiffeisen member banks with banknotes and coins.

--- Page 217 ---
10286974115-v8 
215 
47-41075393 
 
Section 2 - Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss - Item 20  
 
2.1 
Financial assets held for trading: breakdown by type  
Item/Amounts 
31/12/2022 
31/12/2021 
Level 1 
Level 2 
Level 3 
Level 1 
Level 2 
Level 3 
A On-statement of financial 
position assets 
 
 
 
 
 
 
1. Debt securities 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
1.1 Structured instruments 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
1.2 Other debt securities 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
2. Equity instruments 
5,789 
- 
- 
3,562 
- 
- 
3. OEIC units 
- 
20,413 
 
- 
19,659 
 
4. Loans 
- 
 
 
- 
 
 
4.1 Reverse repurchase 
agreements 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
4.2 Other 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Total A 
5,789 
20,413 
 
3,562 
19,659 
 
B Derivative instruments 
 
 
 
 
 
 
1. Financial derivatives 
- 
6,006 
40 
- 
1,274 
138 
1.1 trading 
- 
6,006 
40 
- 
1,274 
138 
1.2 associated with fair value 
option 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
1.3 other 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
2. Credit derivatives 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
2.1 trading 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
2.3 other 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Total B 
 
6,006 
40 
 
1,274 
138 
Total (A+B) 
5,789 
26,419 
40 
3,562 
20,934 
138 
 
The Bank holds a small position in shares and investment funds for trading purposes.

--- Page 218 ---
10286974115-v8 
216 
47-41075393 
 
2.2 
Financial assets held for trading: breakdown by debtor/issuer  
Item/Amounts 
31/12/2022 
31/12/2021 
A. On-statement of financial position assets 
 
 
1. Debt securities 
- 
- 
a) Central Banks 
- 
- 
b) Public administrations 
- 
- 
c) Banks 
- 
- 
d) Other financial companies 
- 
- 
 
of which: insurance companies 
- 
- 
e) Non-financial companies 
- 
- 
2. Equity instruments 
5,789 
3,562 
a) Banks 
441 
287 
b) Other financial companies 
649 
394 
of which: insurance companies 
196 
102 
c) Non-financial companies 
4,698 
2,881 
d) Other issuers 
- 
- 
3. OEIC units 
20,413 
19,659 
4. Loans 
- 
- 
a) Central Banks 
- 
- 
b) Public administrations 
- 
- 
c) Banks 
- 
- 
d) Other financial companies 
- 
- 
 
of which: insurance companies 
- 
- 
e) Non-financial companies 
- 
- 
f) Households 
- 
- 
Total A 
26,202 
23,222 
B. Derivative instruments 
6,047 
1,412 
a) Central counterparties 
- 
- 
b) Other 
6,047 
1,412 
Total B 
6,047 
1,412 
Total (A+B) 
32,249 
24,634

--- Page 219 ---
10286974115-v8 
217 
47-41075393 
 
2.5 
Other financial assets mandatorily measured at fair value: breakdown by type  
Item/Amounts 
31/12/2022 
31/12/2021 
Level 1 
Level 2 
Level 3 
Level 1 
Level 2 
Level 3 
1. Debt securities 
- 
- 
389 
- 
- 
479 
1.1 Structured instruments 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
1.2 Other debt securities 
- 
- 
389 
- 
- 
479 
2. Equity instruments 
- 
- 
179 
- 
- 
194 
3. OEIC units 
- 
110,561 
12,756 
- 
122,254 
9,451 
4. Loans 
- 
- 
19 
- 
- 
24 
4.1 Structured 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
4.2 Other 
- 
- 
19 
- 
- 
24 
Total 
- 
110,561 
13,343 
- 
122,254 
10,148 
 
Other financial assets mandatorily measured at fair value consist of shares of investment funds units 
and other debt securities.  
The shares of investment funds are managed by Union Invest.  
The geographical distribution of the fund at the end of the reporting period is as follows:  
• 
Eurozone countries 65.94%  
• 
North America 19.02%  
• 
Other European countries outside the Eurozone 7.88%  
• 
Asia 2.43%  
• 
Other (liquidity, raw materials and other countries) 4.74%.  
The total investment in this fund as at 31 December 2022 was as follows: Shares: 30.70%, Debt 
securities: 60.49%, Liquidity: 8.81%. 
Finally, as regards the exchange rate risk, the fund is invested 60.48% in Eurozone currencies and 
30.70% in US dollars.  
The Bank holds 100% of the shares in DEVIF-Fonds. Due to the fact that the instruments in which the 
Fund invests are measured at fair value in the management statement, the Bank believes that a "line-
by-line" consolidation of the Fund would not result in material differences in the Bank's financial position 
compared to the current presentation.  
Debt securities include subordinated instruments in the amount of € 0.77 million and other financial 
instruments acquired as part of the restructuring of Italian cooperative banks. The recoverability of these 
loans and receivables is highly dependent on the effectiveness of legal actions taken to recover the bad 
debts of distressed institutions. In 2022, these debt securities were written down by € 10,307. 
Subordinated financial instruments refer to the subscriptions of debt securities of ICCREA Banca.

--- Page 220 ---
10286974115-v8 
218 
47-41075393 
 
2.6 
Other financial assets mandatorily measured at fair value: breakdown by debtor/issuer  
Item/Amounts 
31/12/2022 
31/12/2021 
1. Equity instruments 
179 
194 
 
of which: banks 
171 
187 
 
of which: other financial companies 
7 
8 
 
of which: other non-financial companies 
- 
- 
2. Debt securities 
389 
479 
 
a) Central Banks 
- 
- 
 
b) Public administrations 
- 
- 
 
c) Banks 
- 
- 
 
d) Other financial companies 
389 
479 
 
 
of which: insurance companies 
- 
- 
 
e) Non-financial companies 
- 
- 
3. OEIC units 
123,317 
131,705 
4. Loans 
19 
24 
 
a) Central Banks 
- 
- 
 
b) Public administrations 
- 
- 
 
c) Banks 
- 
- 
 
d) Other financial companies 
19 
24 
 
 
of which: insurance companies 
- 
- 
 
e) Non-financial companies 
- 
- 
 
f) Households 
- 
- 
Total  
123,904 
132,402

--- Page 221 ---
10286974115-v8 
219 
47-41075393 
 
Section 3 - Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income - Item 30  
 
3.1 
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income: breakdown by type 
Item/Amounts 
31/12/2022 
31/12/2021 
Level 1 
Level 2 
Level 3 
Level 1 
Level 2 
Level 3 
1. Debt securities 
413,838 
- 
- 
416,304 
- 
- 
1.1 Structured instruments 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
1.2 Other debt securities 
413,838 
- 
- 
416,304 
- 
- 
2. Equity instruments 
2,862 
- 
54,924 
- 
- 
56,467 
4. Loans 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Total 
416,700 
- 
54,924 
416,304 
- 
56,467 
 
Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige is responsible for liquidity management for the entire 
Raiffeisen organisation of Alto Adige. The use of liquidity in the short term mainly concerns investments 
in government bonds in the Eurozone. Investments in equity instruments concern minority shares. The 
most significant positions in this regard are the equity investment in the Bank of Italy of € 25 million, the 
equity investment in Alpen Privatbank of € 14.8 million, the equity investment in ICCREA Banca of € 
3.7 million and the equity investment in Assimoco Vita S.p.A. of € 9.7 million.

--- Page 222 ---
10286974115-v8 
220 
47-41075393 
 
3.2 
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income: breakdown by 
debtor/issuer 
Item/Amounts 
31/12/2022 
31/12/2021 
1. Debt securities 
413,838 
416,304 
a) Central Banks 
- 
- 
b) Public administrations 
413,838 
416,304 
c) Banks 
- 
- 
d) Other financial companies 
- 
- 
of which: insurance companies 
- 
- 
e) Non-financial companies 
- 
- 
2. Equity instruments 
57,786 
56,467 
a) Banks 
43,522 
42,632 
b) Other issuers 
14,265 
13,836 
- 
Other financial companies 
12,817 
12,788 
 
of which: insurance companies 
9,753 
7,193 
- 
Non-financial companies 
1,448 
1,048 
- 
other 
- 
- 
3. Loans 
- 
- 
a) Central Banks 
- 
- 
b) Public administrations 
- 
- 
c) Banks 
- 
- 
d) Other financial companies 
- 
- 
 
of which: insurance companies 
- 
- 
e) Non-financial companies 
- 
- 
f) Households 
- 
- 
Total 
471,624 
472,771

--- Page 223 ---
10286974115-v8 
221 
47-41075393 
 
3.3 
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income: gross value and 
total impairment losses  
 
Total 31/12/2022 
Gross value 
Total impairment losses 
Stage 1 
of which: 
Instrume
nts with 
low credit 
risk 
Stage 2 
Stage 3 
Purchase
d or 
originated 
credit-
impaired 
Stage 1 
Stage 2 
Stage 3 
Purchase
d or 
originated 
credit-
impaired 
Total 
partial 
write-
offs(*) 
Debt 
securities 
414,016 
414,016 
- 
- 
- 
178 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Loans 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Total 
31/12/2022 
414,016 
414,016 
- 
- 
- 
178 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Total 
31/12/2021 
416,600 
416,600 
- 
- 
- 
296 
- 
- 
- 
-

--- Page 224 ---
10286974115-v8 
222 
47-41075393 
 
Section 4 - Financial assets at amortised cost - Item 40  
 
4.1 
Financial assets at amortised cost: breakdown by type of loans and receivables with 
banks  
Type of transaction/Amounts 
31/12/2022 
31/12/2021 
 
Carrying amount 
Fair value 
Carrying amount 
Fair value 
 
Stage 1 
and 2 
Stage 3 
Purchased 
or 
originated 
credit-
impaired 
L1 
L2 
L3 
Stage 1 
and 2 
Stage 3 
Purchased 
or 
originated 
credit-
impaired 
L1 
L2 
L3 
A. Loans and Receivables with 
Central Banks  
121.193 
- 
- 
 
 
121.193 
116.144 
 
 
 
 
116.144 
1. Term deposits  
 
- 
- 
X 
X 
X 
 
 
 X 
X 
X 
2. Compulsory reserve 
121.193 
- 
- 
X 
X 
X 
116.144 
 
 X 
X 
X 
3. Repurchase agreements  
 
- 
- 
X 
X 
X 
 
 
 X 
X 
X 
4. Other  
 
- 
- 
X 
X 
X 
 
 
 X 
X 
X 
B. Loans and receivables with 
banks  
2.189.561 
- 
- 
6.932 
11.313 
2.170.623 
2.469.790 
 
 
 
8.474 
2.461.278 
1. Loans 
2.170.623 
- 
- 
- 
 
2.170.623 
2.461.278 
 
 
 
 
2.461.278 
1.1 Current accounts  
 
- 
- 
X 
X 
X 
 
 
 X 
X 
X 
1.2. Term deposits 
26.334 
- 
- 
X 
X 
X 
952 
 
 X 
X 
X 
1.3 Other loans: 
2.144.290 
- 
- 
X 
X 
X 
2.460.326 
 
 X 
X 
X 
- Reverse repurchase agreements 
 
- 
- 
X 
X 
X 
 
 
 X 
X 
X 
- Finance leases  
 
- 
- 
X 
X 
X 
 
 
 X 
X 
X 
- Other  
2.144.290 
- 
- 
X 
X 
X 
2.460.326 
 
 X 
X 
X 
2. Debt securities  
18.938 
- 
- 
6.932 
11.313 
 
8.512 
 
 
 
8.474 
 
2.1 Structured instruments  
7.672 
- 
- 
6.932 
- 
 
7.512 
 
 
 
7.468 
 
2.2 Other debt securities  
11.266 
- 
- 
- 
11.313 
 
999 
 
 
 
1.006 
 
Total 
2.310.754 
- 
- 
6.932 
11.313 
2.291.816 
2.585.934 
 
 
 
8.474 
2.577.422 
 
Through the Landesbank, the Raiffeisen member banks can take advantage of ECB refinancing. In this 
context, the Raiffeisen banks also participated in the ECB's own TLTRO refinancing measures.

--- Page 225 ---
10286974115-v8 
223 
47-41075393 
 
4.2 
Financial assets at amortised cost: breakdown by type of loans and receivables with 
customers  
 
Type of transaction/Amounts 
31/12/2022 
31/12/2021 
 
Carrying amount 
Fair value 
Carrying amount 
Fair value 
 
Stage 1 
and 2 
Stage 3 
Purchased 
or 
originated 
credit-
impaired 
L1 
L2 
L3 
Stage 1 
and 2 
Stage 3 
Purchased 
or 
originated 
credit-
impaired 
L1 
L2 
L3 
1. Loans 
1.905.203 
31.337 
6.527 
2.048.523 
1.734.762 
32.775 
 
 
 
1.887.133 
1.1 Current accounts  
110.758 
3.450 
19 
X 
X 
X 
102.284 
1.419 
X 
X 
X 
1.2 Reverse repurchase 
agreements 
  
 
 
X 
X 
X 
 
 
X 
X 
X 
1.3 Mortgages 
1.175.012 
22.365 
6.502 
X 
X 
X 
1.088.540 
23.710 
X 
X 
X 
1.4. Credit cards, personal loans 
and salary-backed loans 
1.132 
 
 
X 
X 
X 
1.449 
 
X 
X 
X 
1.5. Finance leases 
362.018 
3.683 
 
X 
X 
X 
343.258 
4.900 
X 
X 
X 
1.6. Factoring  
 
 
 
X 
X 
X 
 
 
X 
X 
X 
1.7 Other loans: 
256.283 
1.839 
6 
X 
X 
X 
199.231 
2.746 
X 
X 
X 
2. Debt securities  
862.804 
 
 
826.315 
 
 
923.036 
 
 
934.281 
 
 
1. Structured instruments 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
2. Other debt securities  
862.804 
 
 
826.315 
 
 
923.036 
 
 
934.281 
 
 
Total 
2.768.007 
31.337 
6.527 
826.315 
 
2.048.523 
2.657.798 
32.775 
 
934.281 
 
1.887.133 
 
The Landesbank's activities within the Raiffeisen Organisation are mainly focused on granting loans to 
businesses. In this area, it provides guidance to both Raiffeisen banks and customers on high-volume 
lease transactions. Other debt securities include Italian and other EU government bonds managed 
within the HTC management model.

--- Page 226 ---
10286974115-v8 
224 
47-41075393 
 
4.3 
Finance leases  
31/12/2022 
Time bands 
Explicit 
credits 
Principal 
of which 
guaranteed 
residual 
value 
Interests 
Gross 
investment 
of which 
non-
guaranteed 
residual 
value 
Up to 3 months 
1,186 
9,225 
4,879 
2,006 
10,412 
5,533 
From 3 months to 1 year 
- 
28,864 
8,494 
5,693 
28,864 
20,370 
From 1 year to 5 years 
- 
149,786 
25,876 
22,303 
149,786 
123,911 
Beyond 5 years 
- 
184,044 
30,815 
13,467 
184,044 
153,230 
Unspecified maturity 
- 
31,864 
- 
- 
31,864 
31,864 
Gross total 
1,186 
403,785 
70,063 
43,469 
404,971 
334,908 
Net impairment losses 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Net total 
1,186 
403,785 
70,063 
43,469 
404,971 
334,908 
 
31/12/2021 
Time bands 
Explicit 
credits 
Principal 
of which 
guarantee
d residual 
value 
Interests 
Gross 
investment 
of which 
non-
guarantee
d residual 
value 
Up to 3 months 
140 
8,396 
2,226 
1,899 
8,536 
6,310  
From 3 months to 1 year 
- 
26,631 
6,757 
5,392 
26,631 
19,874  
From 1 year to 5 years 
- 
135,224 
23,914 
21,317 
135,224 
111,310  
Beyond 5 years 
- 
180,644 
12,274 
13,314 
180,644 
168,370  
Unspecified maturity 
3,682 
51,510 
- 
- 
55,193 
55,193 
Gross total 
3,822 
402,405 
45,171 
41,922 
406,228 
361,057 
Net impairment losses 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Net total 
3,822 
402,405 
45,171 
41,922 
406,228 
361,057

--- Page 227 ---
10286974115-v8 
225 
47-41075393 
 
4.4 
Financial assets at amortised cost: breakdown by debtor/issuer of loans and 
receivables with customers  
Type of transaction/Amounts 
31/12/2022 
31/12/2021 
Carrying amount 
Carrying amount 
Stage 1 and 
2 
Stage 3 
Purchased 
or originated 
credit-
impaired 
Stage 1 and 
2 
Stage 3 
Purchased 
or originated 
credit-
impaired 
1. Debt securities 
862,804 
- 
- 
923,036 
- 
- 
a) Public administrations 
862,804 
- 
- 
923,036 
- 
- 
b) Other financial companies 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
 
of which: insurance 
companies 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
c) Non-financial companies 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
2. Loans to: 
1,905,203 
31,337 
6,527 
1,734,762 
32,775 
- 
a) Public administrations 
9,671 
- 
- 
10,619 
- 
- 
b) Other financial companies 
94,104 
187 
- 
77,371 
504 
- 
 
of which: insurance 
companies 
10,394 
- 
- 
10,675 
- 
- 
c) Non-financial companies 
1,618,472 
26,767 
6,527 
1,462,944 
28,128 
- 
d) Households 
182,957 
4,384 
- 
183,829 
4,143 
- 
Total 
2,768,007 
31,337 
6,527 
2,657,798 
32,775 
- 
 
4.4a 
Loans measured at amortised cost subject to Covid-19 support measures: gross value 
and total impairment losses  
 
 
 
Gross value 
Total impairment losses 
Stage 1 
of which 
instrumen
ts with 
low credit 
risk 
Stage 2 
Stage 3 
Purchased 
or 
originated 
credit-
impaired 
Stage 1 
Stage 2 
Stage 3 
Purchased 
or 
originated 
credit-
impaired 
Total 
partial 
write-
offs 
1. GL-compliant forborne 
loans  
77.223 
 
16.026 
604 
 
311 
1.261 
125 
 
 
2. Subject to existing 
moratorium measures that 
no longer comply with the 
GL and are not considered 
as forborne  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
3. Other forborne loans 
 
 
5.759 
3.870 
 
 
242 
2.722 
 
 
4. New loans 
50.360 
25.805 
5.466 
5.419 
 
164 
205 
1.363 
 
 
Total 31/12/2022  127.583 
25.805 
27.251 
9.893 
 
475 
1.708 
4.210 
 
 
Total 31/12/2021 194.444 
31.102 
47.595 
7.801 
 
893 
3.175 
2.078

--- Page 228 ---
10286974115-v8 
226 
47-41075393 
 
4.5 
Financial assets measured at amortised cost: gross value and total impairment losses  
31/12/2022 
 
Gross value 
Total impairment losses 
 
Stage 1 
of which 
instruments 
with low 
credit risk 
Stage 2 
Stage 
3 
Purchased 
or 
originated 
credit-
impaired 
Stage 
1 
Stage 
2 
Stage 
3 
Purchased 
or originated 
credit-
impaired 
Total 
partial 
write-offs 
(*) 
Debt securities 
882.117 
 
 
 
 
376 
 
 
 
 
Loans 
3.968.839 
2.660.606 
247.571 
63.957 
12.706 
8.512 
10.879 
32.620 
6.178 
 
Total 31/12/2022  
4.850.956 
2.660.606 
247.571 
63.957 
12.706 
8.887 
10.879 
32.620 
6.178 
 
Total 31/12/2021 
5.031.102 
2.849.012 
229.047 
65.675 
 
8.032 
8.385 
32.900 
 
2.086

--- Page 229 ---
10286974115-v8 
227 
47-41075393 
 
Section 5 - Hedging derivatives - Item 50  
 
5.1 
Hedging derivatives: breakdown by type of hedge and level 
 
Fair Value (2022) 
NV 
(2022) 
Fair Value (2021) 
NV 
(2021) 
L1 
L2 
L3 
L1 
L2 
L3 
A) Financial 
derivatives 
- 
1,343 
- 
20,334 
- 
- 
- 
 
1) Fair value 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
-  
 
2) Cash flows 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
-  
 
3) Investments in 
foreign operations 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
-  
 
B. Credit derivatives 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
-  
 
1) Fair value 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
-  
 
2) Cash flows 
- 
1,343 
- 
20,334 
- 
- 
- 
 
Total 
- 
1,343 
- 
20,334 
- 
 
- 
 
 
NV = notional value

--- Page 230 ---
10286974115-v8 
228 
47-41075393 
 
5.2 
Hedging derivatives: breakdown by hedged portfolios and type of hedging  
Transactions/Type of hedge 
Fair Value 
 
Cash flows 
Investments 
in foreign 
operations 
Specific 
 
Generic 
Specific 
Generic 
debt securities 
and interest 
rates 
equity 
instruments and 
share indices 
currencies 
and gold 
credit commodities other 
1. Financial assets measured at 
fair value through other 
comprehensive income  
- 
- 
- 
- 
X 
X 
X 
X 
- 
X 
2. Financial assets measured at 
amortised cost  
1,343 
X 
- 
- 
X 
X 
X 
X 
- 
X 
3. Portfolio  
X 
X 
X 
X 
X 
X 
- 
- 
X 
- 
4. Other transactions  
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
 
X 
- 
X 
Total assets 
1,343 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
 
- 
- 
- 
1. Financial liabilities  
- 
X 
- 
- 
- 
- 
X 
X 
- 
X 
2. Portfolio  
X 
X 
X 
X 
X 
X 
 
- 
X 
- 
Total liabilities 
- 
X 
- 
X 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
1. Expected transactions 
X 
X 
X 
X 
X 
X 
X 
X 
- 
X 
2. Other financial assets and 
liabilities 
X 
X 
X 
X 
X 
X 
- 
- 
X 
-

--- Page 231 ---
10286974115-v8 
229 
47-41075393 
 
Section 7 - Equity investments - Item 70  
 
7.1 
Equity investments: information on the investment shares 
Name 
Registered 
office 
Operating office 
% equity 
investment 
% Voting 
rights 
A. Wholly-controlled enterprises  
 
 
 
 
B. Jointly-controlled enterprises  
 
 
 
 
CASSE RURALI RAIFFEISEN FINANZIARIA S.P.A. 
BOLZANO (BZ) 
BOLZANO (BZ) 
50 
50 
C. Companies subject to significant influence  
 
 
 
 
RAIFFEISEN SERVIZI ASSICURATIVI S.R.L. 
BOLZANO (BZ) 
BOLZANO (BZ) 
30 
30 
MEDIOCREDITO TRENTINO ALTO ADIGE S.P.A. 
TRENTO (TN) 
TRENTO (TN) 
2.89 
2.89 
 
Casse Rurali Raiffeisen Finanziaria S.p.A. prepares its financial statements in accordance with Italian 
Legislative Decree No. 139/2015. Therefore, a reconciliation of the financial statements according to 
IAS/IFRS was also prepared for this investee company. A reconciliation statement according to 
IAS/IFRS was also prepared for the 2022 financial statements of Raiffeisen Versicherungsdienst. In 
2022, the Bank acquired a 2.9% direct equity investment in Mediocredito Trentino Südtirol. As a result, 
as at 31 December 2022, the bank held a direct equity investment and an indirect equity investment of 
20.4% in Mediocredito Trentino Südtirol.

--- Page 232 ---
10286974115-v8 
230 
47-41075393 
 
7.2 
Significant equity investments: carrying amount, fair value and dividends received 
Name 
Carrying 
amount 
Fair value 
Dividends 
received 
A. Wholly-controlled enterprises  
 
 
 
B. Jointly-controlled enterprises  
 
 
 
CASSE RURALI RAIFFEISEN FINANZIARIA S.P.A. 
10,209 
 
 
C. Companies subject to significant influence  
 
 
 
RAIFFEISEN SERVIZI ASSICURATIVI S.R.L. 
7,339 
 
180 
MEDIOCREDITO TRENTINO ALTO ADIGE S.P.A. 
4,043 
 
- 
Total 
21,591 
 
180  
 
Equity investments were measured at equity.  
CRR Fin S.p.A. ended the 2022 financial year with a loss of € 14,905 thousand. This result is affected 
by the measurement of the equity investments held, in particular in Mediocredito Trentino Südtirol.  
Goodwill of € 2,024 thousand was recognised at the time of the acquisition of the equity investment in 
RVD GmbH. On these equity investments, the bank did not identify any evidence of impairment as a 
result of the measurements on the 2022 financial statements.  
The fair value column was not corroborated as these are non-listed companies and it is assumed that 
the values shown for each equity investment represent the best possible measurement based on the 
information available to the bank.  
Finally, it should be noted that dividends received during the year from these equity investments were 
recognised as a decrease in their value, as they were already included in their measurement at equity 
as at 31 December 2022.

--- Page 233 ---
10286974115-v8 
231 
47-41075393 
 
7.3 
Significant equity investments: accounting information 
Name 
Cash and 
cash 
equivalents 
Financial 
assets 
Financial 
liabilities 
Total 
revenues 
Net 
interest 
income 
Pre-tax profit 
(loss) from 
continuing 
operations 
Post-tax profit 
(loss) from 
continuing 
operations 
Post-tax profit 
(loss) from 
discontinued 
operations 
Profit (loss) 
for the year 
(1) 
Other 
comprehensive 
income net of 
income taxes (2) 
Comprehensive 
income (3) = 
(1) + (2) 
A. Wholly-controlled enterprises  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
B. Jointly-controlled enterprises 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
CASSE RURALI RAIFFEISEN 
FINANZIARIA S.P.A. 
1,100 
49,268 
30,014 
 
(148) 
(14,912) 
(14,893) 
- 
(14,893) 
 
(14,893) 
C. Companies subject to significant 
influence 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
RAIFFEISEN SERVIZI ASSICURATIVI 
S.R.L.  
 
13,500 
641 
5,500 
- 
2,955 
2,167 
- 
2,167 
- 
2,167 
MEDIOCREDITO TRENTINO ALTO 
ADIGE S.P.A. 
38,217 
1,567,665 
1,442,148 
35,757 
20,799 
8,514 
6,043 
. 
6,043 
 
6,043 
 
In accordance with IFRS 12, the table shows the figures taken from the financial statements as at 31 
December 2022 of the investee companies and their reconciliation statements referring to 100% of the 
equity investment and not to the percentage held by the bank.

--- Page 234 ---
10286974115-v8 
232 
47-41075393 
 
7.5 
Equity investments: annual changes 
Description 
31/12/2022 
31/12/2021 
A. Opening balance 
26,463 
32,344 
B. Increases 
4,885 
2,135 
B.1 Purchases  
4,235 
- 
B.2 Reversals of impairment losses 
- 
1,520 
B.3 Revaluations  
650 
615 
B.4 Other increases 
- 
- 
C. Decreases 
9,757 
8,016 
C.1 Sales 
- 
8,016 
C.2 Impairment losses  
9,577 
- 
C.3 Other decreases  
180 
- 
D. Closing balance 
21,591 
26,463 
E. Total revaluations 
19,080 
14,195 
F. Total impairment losses 
21,157 
11,580

--- Page 235 ---
10286974115-v8 
233 
47-41075393 
 
Section 8 - Property, equipment and investment property - Item 80  
 
8.1 
Property, equipment and investment property used in the business: breakdown of 
assets measured at cost  
Asset/Amounts 
31/12/2022 
31/12/2021 
1. Owned 
13,504 
14,006 
 
a) land 
5,965 
5,965 
 
b) buildings 
6,272 
6,886 
 
c) furniture 
848 
831 
 
d) electronic systems 
258 
237 
 
e) other 
162 
87 
2. Rights of use acquired through the financial 
lease 
100 
52 
 
a) land  
- 
- 
 
b) buildings  
- 
- 
 
c) furniture  
- 
- 
 
d) electronic systems  
- 
- 
 
e) other 
100 
52 
Total 
13,604 
14,058 
of which: obtained through the realisation of 
guarantees received 
- 
- 
 
The provisions of IFRS 16 were applied to the recognition of rights of use. In particular, rights of use 
were activated for four long-term lease contracts for company cars.

--- Page 236 ---
10286974115-v8 
234 
47-41075393 
 
8.6 
Property, equipment and investment property used in the business: annual changes  
 
Land 
Buildings 
Furniture Electronic 
systems 
Other 
Total 
A. Opening balance, gross  
5,965 
7,447 
901 
327 
242 
14,882 
A.1 Total impairment losses  
- 
565 
70 
87 
102 
824 
A.2 Opening balance, net  
5,965 
6,882 
831 
240 
140 
14,058 
B. Increases: 
- 
60 
90 
100 
200 
450 
B.1 Purchases 
- 
60 
90 
100 
200 
450 
B.2 Capitalised improvement costs 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
B.3 Reversals of impairment losses 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
B.4 Fair value gains recognised in 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
-  
 
a) equity 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
-  
 
b) profit or loss 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
B.5 Exchange rate gains 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
B.6 Transfers from investment property 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
B.7 Other increases 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
C. Decreases: 
- 
674 
70 
87 
74 
905 
C.1 Sales 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
C.2 Depreciations 
- 
565 
70 
87 
74 
796 
C.3 Impairment losses recognised in 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
-  
 
a) equity 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
-  
 
b) profit or loss 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
C.4 Fair value losses recognised in 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
-  
 
a) equity 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
-  
 
b) profit or loss 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
C.5 Exchange rate losses 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
C.6 Transfers to: 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
-  
 
a) investment property 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
-  
 
b) discontinued operations 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
C.7 Other decreases 
- 
109 
- 
- 
- 
109 
D. Closing balance, net  
5,965 
6,268 
851 
253 
266 
13,603 
D.1 Total impairment losses  
- 
565 
70 
87 
74 
796 
D.2 Closing balance, gross  
5,965 
6,833 
921 
340 
340 
14,399 
E. Measured at cost 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
 
Gross opening balances, accumulated depreciation and net opening balances correspond to the 
previous year's closing balances.

--- Page 237 ---
10286974115-v8 
235 
47-41075393 
 
Section 9 – Intangible assets – Item 90  
 
9.1 
Intangible assets: breakdown by type of asset 
Asset/Amounts 
31/12/2022 
31/12/2021 
Definite life 
Definite life 
Definite life 
Indefinite life 
A.1 Goodwill  
- 
- 
117 
- 
A.2 Other intangible assets  
58 
- 
7 
- 
of which: software  
58 
- 
7 
- 
A.2.1 Assets measured at cost:  
58 
- 
7 
- 
 
a) Internally generated intangible assets  
- 
- 
- 
- 
 
b) Other assets  
58 
- 
7 
- 
A.2.2 Assets measured at fair value:  
- 
- 
- 
- 
 
a) Internally generated intangible assets  
- 
- 
- 
- 
 
b) Other assets  
- 
- 
- 
- 
Total 
58 
- 
124 
- 
 
Goodwill was recognised in the financial statements in 2021 following the acquisition of a business unit 
of Alpen Privatbank.  
In 2022, Alpen Privatbank closed its branch in Bolzano due to the termination of the collaboration with 
a major business partner. As a result, goodwill was completely impaired.  
Intangible assets refer to licences for the use of software.

--- Page 238 ---
10286974115-v8 
236 
47-41075393 
 
 
9.2 
Intangible assets: annual changes 
 
Goodwill 
Other intangible 
assets: generated 
internally 
Other intangible 
assets: other 
Total 
Definite 
Indefinite 
Definite 
Indefinite 
A. Opening balance  
117 
 
 
3,459 
 
3,576 
A.1 Total impairment losses  
 
 
 
3,452 
 
3,452 
A.2 Opening balance, net 
117 
- 
- 
7 
- 
124 
B. Increases 
- 
- 
- 
51 
- 
51 
B.1 Purchases 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
B.2 Increases in internally generated 
intangible assets 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
B.3 Reversals of impairment losses 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
B.4 Fair value gains recognised in 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
 
-equity 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
 
-profit or loss 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
B.5 Exchange rate gains 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
B.6 Other increases 
- 
- 
- 
51 
- 
51 
C. Decreases 
117 
- 
- 
- 
- 
117 
C.1 Sales 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
C.2 Impairment losses 
117 
- 
- 
- 
- 
117 
 
- amortisation 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
 
- Impairment: 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
 
 
+ equity 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
 
 
+ profit or loss 
117 
- 
- 
- 
- 
117 
C.3 Fair value losses 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
 
-equity 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
 
-profit or loss 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
C.4 Transfers to non-current assets 
held for sale 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
C.5 Exchange rate losses 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
C.6 Other decreases 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
D. Closing balance, net  
- 
- 
- 
58 
- 
58 
D.1 Total net impairment losses  
- 
- 
- 
3,452 
- 
3,452 
E. Closing balance, gross 
- 
- 
- 
3,510 
- 
3,510 
F. Measured at cost 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
-

--- Page 239 ---
10286974115-v8 
237 
47-41075393 
 
Section 10 - Tax assets and liabilities - Item 100 under assets and item 60 under liabilities  
 
10.1 
Deferred tax assets: breakdown 
Description 
IRES 
IRAP 
Total 
A) recognised in profit or loss 
5,010 
748 
5,759 
1. impairment of loans 
3,583 
512 
4,096 
2. tax losses  
- 
- 
- 
3. other 
1,427 
236 
1,663 
B) recognised in equity 
11,602 
1,962 
13,564 
1. valuation reserves 
11,602 
1,962 
13,564 
2. other  
- 
 
 
Total 
16,613 
2,170 
19,323 
 
Other deferred tax assets under A refer to measurements of loans and receivables with banks and with 
customers and commitments and guarantees given. Deferred tax assets are considered fully 
recoverable on the basis of expected taxable income in future periods.  
 
10.2 
Deferred tax liabilities: breakdown 
Description 
IRES 
IRAP 
Total 
A) recognised in profit or loss 
552 
- 
552 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
B) recognised in equity 
365 
62 
426 
1. valuation reserves 
365 
62 
426 
2. other  
- 
 
 
Total 
917 
62 
979 
 
The increase in deferred tax liabilities is due to the increase in valuation reserves related to FVOCI and 
FVOCIE securities.  
Deferred tax assets and liabilities were calculated for corporate income tax IRES and IRAP tax, when 
due.  
The rates used to calculate deferred taxation are 27.5% for IRES and 4.65% for IRAP.

--- Page 240 ---
10286974115-v8 
238 
47-41075393 
 
10.3 
Changes in deferred tax assets (recognised in profit or loss)  
 
31/12/2022 
31/12/2021 
1. Opening balance 
6,601 
7,186 
2. Increases 
942 
967 
2.1 Deferred tax assets recognised in the year 
942 
967 
 
a) relating to previous years 
- 
- 
 
b) due to changes in accounting policies 
- 
- 
 
c) reversals of impairment losses 
- 
- 
 
d) other 
942 
967 
2.2 New taxes or increases in tax rates 
- 
- 
2.3 Other increases 
- 
- 
3. Decreases 
1,784 
1,552 
3.1 Deferred tax assets cancelled during the year 
1,784 
1,552 
 
a) reversals 
- 
- 
 
b) impairment losses due to non-recoverability 
- 
- 
 
c) changes in accounting policies 
- 
- 
 
d) other 
1,784 
1,552 
3.2 Reductions in tax rates 
- 
- 
3.3 Other decreases 
- 
- 
 
a) conversion into tax assets as per Italian Law 214/2011 
- 
- 
 
b) Other 
- 
- 
4. Closing balance 
5,759 
6,601 
 
10.3.1 Changes in deferred tax assets as per Italian Law 214/2011  
 
31/12/2022 
31/12/2021 
1. Opening balance 
3,692 
4,395 
2. Increases 
- 
- 
3. Decreases 
- 
703 
3.1 Reversals 
- 
703 
3.2 Conversions into tax assets 
 
 
 
a) deriving from losses for the year 
- 
- 
 
b) deriving from tax losses 
- 
- 
3.3 Other decreases 
- 
- 
4. Closing balance 
3,692 
3,692

--- Page 241 ---
10286974115-v8 
239 
47-41075393 
 
10.4 
Changes in deferred tax liabilities (recognised in profit or loss)  
 
31/12/2022 
31/12/2021 
1. Opening balance 
564 
3,307 
2. Increases 
79 
79 
2.1 Deferred tax assets recognised in the year 
79 
79 
 
a) relating to previous years 
- 
- 
 
b) due to changes in accounting policies 
- 
- 
 
c) other 
79 
79 
2.2 New taxes or increases in tax rates 
- 
- 
2.3 Other increases 
- 
- 
3. Decreases 
91 
2,822 
3.1 Deferred tax assets cancelled during the year 
91 
2,822 
 
a) reversals 
- 
- 
 
b) due to changes in accounting policies 
- 
- 
 
c) other 
91 
2,822 
3.2 Reductions in tax rates 
- 
- 
3.3 Other decreases 
- 
- 
4. Closing balance 
552 
564 
 
10.5 
Changes in deferred tax assets (recognised in equity)  
 
31/12/2022 
31/12/2021 
1. Opening balance 
36 
 
2. Increases 
13,528 
36 
2.1 Deferred tax assets recognised in the year 
13,528 
36 
 
a) relating to previous years 
- 
- 
 
b) due to changes in accounting policies 
- 
- 
 
c) other 
13,528 
36 
2.2 New taxes or increases in tax rates 
- 
- 
2.3 Other increases 
- 
- 
3. Decreases 
- 
- 
3.1 Deferred tax assets cancelled during the year 
- 
- 
 
a) reversals 
- 
- 
 
b) due to changes in accounting policies 
- 
- 
 
c) other 
- 
- 
3.2 Reductions in tax rates 
- 
- 
3.3 Other decreases 
- 
- 
4. Closing balance 
13,564 
36

--- Page 242 ---
10286974115-v8 
240 
47-41075393 
 
 
10.6 
Changes in deferred tax liabilities (recognised in equity)  
 
31/12/2022 
31/12/2021 
1. Opening balance 
4,877 
6,857 
2. Increases 
- 
- 
2.1 Deferred tax assets recognised in the year 
- 
- 
 
a) relating to previous years 
- 
- 
 
b) due to changes in accounting policies 
- 
- 
 
c) other 
- 
- 
2.2 New taxes or increases in tax rates 
- 
- 
2.3 Other increases 
- 
- 
3. Decreases 
4,451 
1,980 
3.1 Deferred tax assets cancelled during the year 
- 
- 
 
a) reversals 
- 
- 
 
b) impairment losses due to non-recoverability 
- 
- 
 
c) due to changes in accounting policies 
- 
- 
 
d) other 
- 
- 
3.2 Reductions in tax rates 
- 
- 
3.3 Other decreases 
4,451 
1,980 
4. Closing balance 
426 
4,877

--- Page 243 ---
10286974115-v8 
241 
47-41075393 
 
Section 12 - Other assets - Item 120  
 
12.1 
Other assets: breakdown 
 
31/12/2022 
31/12/2021 
a) cheques being processed  
7,209 
6,537 
b) clearing service with Bank of Italy  
99 
100 
c) advances to suppliers  
693 
618 
d) interest, commissions and charges to be collected  
5,099 
3,391 
e) other sundry payables  
90,730 
28,917 
Total 
103,831 
39,562 
 
As a central bank, Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige S.p.A. acts as an intermediary for the 
Raiffeisen member banks and third-party customers in national and international payment systems and 
for the fulfilment of orders for the purchase and sale of securities. Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto 
Adige is a direct member of the Bank of Italy's Target to Security gross settlement and securities 
settlement systems and indirectly of the Monte Titoli S.p.A. system. Other sundry debtors include tax 
receivables acquired by the bank of € 52,242 thousand.

--- Page 244 ---
10286974115-v8 
242 
47-41075393 
 
Part B - Information on the statement of financial position (balance sheet) 
Liabilities  
 
Section 1 - Financial liabilities at amortised cost - Item 10  
 
1.1 
Financial liabilities at amortised cost: breakdown by type of due to banks  
Type of 
transaction/Amounts 
31/12/2022 
31/12/2021 
Carrying 
amount 
Fair Value 
Carrying 
amount 
Fair Value 
L1 
L2 
L3 
L1 
L2 
L3 
1. Due to central banks 
2,840,451 
X 
X 
X 
3,496,233 
X 
X 
X 
2. Due to banks 
512,405 
X 
X 
X 
969,460 
X 
X 
X 
2.1 Current accounts and sight 
deposits 
165,376 
X 
X 
X 
434,199 
X 
X 
X 
2.2 Term deposits 
337,663 
X 
X 
X 
525,522 
X 
X 
X 
2.3 Loans 
8,044 
X 
X 
X 
8,039 
X 
X 
X 
 
2.3.1 Repurchase 
agreements 
- 
X 
X 
X 
- 
X 
X 
X 
 
2.3.2 Other 
8,044 
X 
X 
X 
8,039 
X 
X 
X 
2.4 Payables for commitments 
to repurchase own equity 
instruments 
- 
X 
X 
X 
- 
X 
X 
X 
2.5 Lease payables 
- 
X 
X 
 
- 
X 
X 
X 
2.6 Other payables 
1,322 
X 
X 
X 
1,700 
X 
X 
X 
Total 
3,352,856 
- 
- 
3,352,818 
4,465,693 
- 
- 
4,465,613

--- Page 245 ---
10286974115-v8 
243 
47-41075393 
 
1.2 
Financial liabilities at amortised cost: breakdown by type of due to customers  
Type of 
transaction/Amounts 
31/12/2022 
31/12/2021 
Carrying 
amount 
Fair Value 
Carrying 
amount 
Fair Value 
L1 
L2 
L3 
L1 
L2 
L3 
1 Current accounts and 
sight deposits 
902,986 
X 
X 
X 
918,908 
X 
X 
X 
2 Term deposits 
156,270 
X 
X 
X 
138,781 
X 
X 
X 
3 Loans 
379,181 
X 
X 
X 
1,579 
X 
X 
X 
 
3.1 Repurchase 
agreements 
378,128 
X 
X 
X 
 
X 
X 
X 
 
3.2 Other 
1,053 
X 
X 
X 
1,579 
X 
X 
X 
4 Payables 
for 
commitments 
to 
repurchase 
own 
equity 
instruments 
 
X 
X 
X 
 
X 
X 
X 
5 Lease payables 
100 
X 
X 
X 
52 
X 
X 
X 
6 Other payables 
68,520 
X 
X 
X 
92,906 
X 
X 
X 
Total 
1,507,057 
- 
29,476 
1,475,856 
1,152,226 
 
47,218 
1,032,038 
 
Repurchase agreements were concluded with the counterparty Cassa di Compensazione e Garanzia. 
Other payables include third-party funds under management, in accordance with supervisory 
regulations.

--- Page 246 ---
10286974115-v8 
244 
47-41075393 
 
1.3 
Financial liabilities at amortised cost: breakdown by type of securities issued  
Type of 
transaction/Amounts 
31/12/2022 
31/12/2021 
carrying 
amount 
Fair Value 
carrying 
amount 
Fair Value 
Level 1 
Level 2 
Level 3 
Level 1 
Level 2 
Level 3 
A. Securities 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
1. Bonds 
865,401 
422,212 
395,879 
 
825,803 
452,705 
382,631 
 
 
1.1 structured 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
 
1.2 other 
865,401 
422,212 
395,879 
- 
825,803 
452,705 
382,631 
- 
2. Other securities 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
 
2.1 Structured 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
 
2.2 other 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Total 
865,401 
422,212 
395,879 
- 
825,803 
452,705 
382,631 
- 
 
In 2022, Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige issued bonds for its own customers and the 
customers of the Raiffeisen banks.

--- Page 247 ---
10286974115-v8 
245 
47-41075393 
 
Section 2 - Financial liabilities held for trading - Item 20  
 
2.1 
Financial liabilities held for trading: breakdown by type  
Type of transaction/Amounts 
31/12/2022 
31/12/2021 
NV 
Fair Value 
FV * 
NV 
Fair Value 
FV * 
L1 
L2 
L3 
L1 
L2 
L3 
A. 
On-statement 
of 
financial 
position liabilities  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
1. Due to banks 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
2. Due to customers 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
3. Debt securities 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
 
3.1 Bonds 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
 
3.1.1 Structured 
- 
- 
- 
- 
X 
- 
- 
- 
- 
X 
 
3.1.2 Other bonds 
- 
- 
- 
- 
X 
- 
- 
- 
- 
X 
 
3.2 Other securities 
- 
- 
- 
- 
X 
- 
- 
- 
- 
X 
 
3.2.1 Structured 
- 
- 
- 
- 
X 
- 
- 
- 
- 
X 
 
3.2.2 Other 
- 
- 
- 
- 
X 
- 
- 
- 
- 
X 
Total A 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
B. Derivative instruments  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
1. Financial derivatives 
X 
- 
5,713 
61 
X 
X 
- 
1,069 
59 
X 
 
1.1 trading 
X 
- 
5,713 
61 
X 
X 
- 
1,069 
59 
X 
 1.2 Associated with fair value option 
X 
- 
- 
- 
X 
X 
- 
- 
- 
X 
 
1.3 Other 
X 
- 
- 
- 
X 
X 
- 
- 
- 
X 
2. Credit derivatives 
X 
- 
- 
- 
X 
X 
- 
- 
- 
X 
 
2.1 Trading 
X 
- 
- 
- 
X 
X 
- 
- 
- 
X 
 
2.2 Associated with fair value 
option 
X 
- 
- 
- 
X 
X 
- 
- 
- 
X 
 
2.3 Other 
X 
- 
- 
- 
X 
X 
- 
- 
- 
X 
Total B 
X 
- 
5,713 
61 
X 
X 
- 
1,069 
59 
X 
Total (A+B) 
X 
- 
5,713 
61 
X 
X 
- 
1,069 
59 
X 
 
Key  
FV = fair value  
FV* = fair value calculated by excluding changes in value due to change in creditworthiness of the 
issuer with respect to the issue date  
NV = nominal or notional value  
L1 = Level 1  
L2 = Level 2  
L3 = Level 3

--- Page 248 ---
10286974115-v8 
246 
47-41075393 
 
Section 4 - Hedging derivatives - Item 40  
 
4.1 
Hedging derivatives: breakdown by type of hedge and level  
 
NV 
(2021) 
2022 fair value 
NV. 
(2021) 
2021 fair value 
L1 
L2 
L3 
L1 
L2 
L3 
A) Financial derivatives 
1,444 
- 
13 
- 
24,022 
- 
1,184 
- 
1) Fair value 
1,444 
- 
13 
- 
24,022 
- 
1,184 
- 
2) Cash flows 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
3) Investments in foreign operations 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
B. Credit derivatives 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
1) Fair value 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
2) Cash flows 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Total 
1,444 
- 
13 
- 
24,022 
- 
1,184 
- 
 
Key  
NV = nominal value  
L1 = Level 1  
L2 = Level 2  
L3 = Level 3

--- Page 249 ---
10286974115-v8 
247 
47-41075393 
 
4.2 
Hedging derivatives: breakdown by hedged portfolios and type of hedging  
Transactions/Type of hedge 
Fair Value 
Cash flows 
Investments 
in foreign 
operations 
Specific 
 
Specific 
Generic 
debt 
securities 
and 
interest 
rates 
equity 
instruments 
and share 
indices 
currencies 
and gold 
credit commodities other 
1. Financial assets measured at fair 
value through other comprehensive 
income  
- 
- 
- 
- 
X 
X 
X 
- 
X 
2. Financial assets measured at 
amortised cost  
13 
X 
- 
- 
X 
X 
X 
- 
X 
3. Portfolio  
X 
X 
X 
X 
X 
X 
- 
X 
- 
4. Other transactions  
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
X 
- 
X 
Total assets 
13 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
1. Financial liabilities  
- 
X 
- 
- 
- 
- 
X 
- 
X 
2. Portfolio  
X 
X 
X 
X 
X 
X 
- 
X 
- 
Total liabilities 
- 
X 
- 
X 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
1. Expected transactions 
X 
X 
X 
X 
X 
X 
X 
- 
X 
2. Other financial assets and 
liabilities 
X 
X 
X 
X 
X 
X 
- 
X 
-

--- Page 250 ---
10286974115-v8 
248 
47-41075393 
 
Section 8 - Other liabilities – Item 80  
 
8.1 
Other liabilities: breakdown  
Description 
31/12/2021 
31/12/2021 
a) amounts available to third parties  
114 
11 
b) trade payables  
1,759 
1,374 
c) clearing service with Bank of Italy  
4,041 
3,383 
d) items in progress (temporary accounts)  
21,291 
25,322 
e) other liabilities  
11,805 
8,882 
Total 
42,009 
38,972 
 
Items in progress are attributable to collection and payment transactions on behalf of third parties as 
well as securities transactions. The increase compared to the previous year is mainly due to the 
volumes of transactions at the end of the year on the temporary accounts dedicated to items in progress.

--- Page 251 ---
10286974115-v8 
249 
47-41075393 
 
Section 9 - Post-employment benefits - Item 90  
 
9.1 
Post-employment benefits: annual changes  
 
31/12/2022 
31/12/2021 
A. Opening balance 
3,429 
3,676 
B. Increases  
393 
143 
B.1 Accruals for the year  
- 
- 
B.2 Other increases  
393 
143 
C. Decreases  
974 
390 
C.1 Benefits paid  
974 
280 
C.2 Other decreases  
- 
110 
D. Closing balance 
2,848 
3,429 
 
As from 1 January 2007, the provisions of Italian Law no. 252 of 5 December 2005 came into force with 
anticipated effect, resulting in the payment of post-employment benefits accrued since 1 July 2007 into 
a supplementary pension fund or the INPS Treasury Fund. The post-employment benefit fund was 
measured by an independent actuary.  
The following assumptions were adopted for the actuarial valuation of the post-employment benefit fund:  
• 
annual discount rate 3.57%.  
• 
annual inflation rate: 5.9% for 2023, 2.3% for 2024 and 2.0% from 2025.  
• 
annual rate of increase of post-employment benefits 5.93% for 2023, 3.33% for 2024 and 3.0% 
from 2025.  
For the valuation of the discount rate, the iBoxx Eurozone Corporates AA5 7 index at the valuation date 
was taken as a reference.

--- Page 252 ---
10286974115-v8 
250 
47-41075393 
 
Section 10 - Provisions for risks and charges - Item 100  
 
10.1 
Provisions for risks and charges: breakdown 
Item/Amounts 
31/12/2021 
31/12/2021 
1 Provisions for risks and charges relating to commitments and financial 
guarantees given  
3,215 
2,422 
2. Provisions on other commitments and other guarantees given  
- 
- 
3. Company pension funds  
- 
- 
4. Other provisions for risks and charges  
464 
381 
 
4.1 legal and tax disputes  
315 
220 
 
4.2 personnel expenses  
- 
- 
 
4.3 other  
149 
161 
Total 
3,679 
2,803 
 
Provisions for legal disputes concern a number of disputes relating to the sale of financial products as 
well as a dispute concerning the interpretation of contractual clauses.  
Other provisions for risk include the provision for employee loyalty bonuses.

--- Page 253 ---
10286974115-v8 
251 
47-41075393 
 
10.2 
Provisions for risks and charges: annual changes 
 
Pension funds 
Other funds 
Total 
A. Opening balance 
- 
2,803 
2,803 
B. Increases  
- 
2,303 
2,303 
B.1 Accruals for the year  
- 
2,303 
2,303 
B.2 Changes over time  
- 
- 
- 
B.3 Changes due to discount rate fluctuations  
- 
- 
- 
B.4 Other increases  
- 
- 
- 
C. Decreases  
- 
1,427 
1,427 
C.1 Use in the year  
- 
1,416 
1,416 
C.2 Changes due to discount rate fluctuations  
- 
- 
- 
C.3 Other decreases  
- 
11 
11 
D. Closing balance 
 
3,679 
3,679

--- Page 254 ---
10286974115-v8 
252 
47-41075393 
 
10.3 
Provisions for credit risk relating to commitments and guarantees given 
Item/Amounts 
Provisions for credit risk relating to commitments and guarantees given 
Stage 1 
Stage 2 
Stage 3 
Purchased 
or originated 
credit-
impaired 
Total 
Commitments to disburse funds 
879 
68 
204 
36 
1,187 
Financial guarantees given 
244 
231 
1,035 
518 
2,028 
Total 
1,123 
298 
1,239 
554 
3,215

--- Page 255 ---
10286974115-v8 
253 
47-41075393 
 
Section 12 - Company equity - Items 110, 130, 140, 150, 160, 170 and 180  
 
12.1 
Share capital and treasury shares: breakdown  
Description 
31/12/2022 
31/12/2021 
1. Share capital 
250,000 
225,000 
2. Share premium reserve 
- 
- 
3. Reserves 
202,651 
177,013 
4. (Treasury shares) 
- 
- 
5. Valuation reserves 
(18,822) 
21,202 
6. Equity instruments 
- 
- 
7. Profit (Loss) for the year 
11,904 
42,739 
Total 
445,734 
465,954 
 
In 2022, the bank carried out a capital increase of € 25 million.

--- Page 256 ---
10286974115-v8 
254 
47-41075393 
 
12.2 
Share capital - Number of shares: annual changes  
Items/Types 
Ordinary 
Other 
A. Shares at the beginning of the year 
225,000 
- 
- fully paid-up 
225,000 
- 
- not fully paid-up 
- 
- 
A.1 Treasury shares (-) 
- 
- 
A.2 Outstanding shares: opening balance 
225,000 
- 
B. Increases 
25,000 
- 
B.1 New issues 
25,000 
- 
-against payment 
25,000 
- 
 
- business combinations 
- 
- 
 
- conversion of bonds 
- 
- 
 
- exercising of warrants 
- 
- 
 
- other 
25,000 
- 
-free of charge 
- 
- 
 
-on behalf of employees 
- 
- 
 
-on behalf of directors 
- 
- 
 
- other 
- 
- 
B.2 Sale of treasury shares 
- 
- 
B.3 Other increases 
- 
- 
C. Decreases 
- 
- 
C.1 Cancellation 
- 
- 
C2. Purchase of treasury shares 
- 
- 
C3 Disposals of companies 
- 
- 
C4 Other decreases 
- 
- 
D. Outstanding shares: final balance 
250,000 
- 
D1 Treasury shares (+) 
- 
- 
D2 Shares outstanding at the end of the year 
250,000 
- 
- fully paid-up 
250,000 
- 
- not fully paid-up 
- 
-

--- Page 257 ---
10286974115-v8 
255 
47-41075393 
 
12.4 
Income-related reserves: other information  
The bank's income-related reserves consist of profit allocations made in previous years, as well as the 
reclassification of the provision for general banking risks, the provision for credit risks and other 
provisions following the first-time adoption of IAS/IFRS.  
 
12.5 
Equity instruments: breakdown and annual changes  
Item/Amounts 
Amount 
Possibility of use 
Amount available 
a) Legal reserve  
20,908 
B 
11,836 
b) Statutory reserve  
58,948 
A-B-C 
58,948 
c) Voluntary reserve  
92,154 
A-B-C 
92,154 
d) Other reserves  
30,641 
A-B 
30,641 
Total 
202,651 
 
193,579 
 
Key:  
A: for share capital increase  
B: as loss coverage  
C: for distribution to Shareholders

--- Page 258 ---
10286974115-v8 
256 
47-41075393 
 
Part B - Information on the statement of financial position (balance sheet) 
Other information  
 
1. 
Commitments and financial guarantees given other than those designated at fair value 
 
notional amount on commitments and 
financial guarantees given 
Total 
31/12/2022 
Total 
31/12/2021 
Stage 1 
Stage 2 
Stage 3 
Purchased 
or 
originated 
credit-
impaired 
1. Commitments to disburse 
funds 
1,527,187 
13,828 
2,870 
143 
1,544,027 
1,287,330 
a) Central Banks 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
b) Public administrations 
4,857 
- 
- 
- 
4,857 
5,977 
c) Banks 
973,214 
- 
- 
- 
973,214 
721,067 
d) Other financial companies 
9,414 
- 
- 
- 
9,414 
5,313 
e) Non-financial companies 
526,469 
13,283 
2,773 
143 
542,668 
539,113 
f) Households 
13,233 
545 
97 
- 
13,875 
15,859 
2. 
Financial 
guarantees 
given 
244,955 
29,997 
3,214 
5,431 
283,597 
259,095 
a) Central Banks 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
b) Public administrations 
66 
- 
- 
- 
66 
66 
c) Banks 
23,892 
- 
- 
- 
23,892 
22,536 
d) Other financial companies 
18,310 
12 
- 
- 
18,323 
18,543 
e) Non-financial companies 
198,622 
29,447 
3,214 
5,409 
236,692 
213,236 
f) Households 
4,065 
538 
- 
22 
4,624 
4,715 
 
3. 
Assets pledged as guarantee for the Bank's liabilities and commitments 
Portfolios 
Amount 
31/12/2022 
Amount 
31/12/2021 
1) Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss  
 
 
2) Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive 
income  
79,891 
367,489 
3) Financial assets measured at amortised cost  
454,343 
319,641 
4) Property, equipment and investment property  
 
 
of which: property, equipment and investment property that 
constitute inventories

--- Page 259 ---
10286974115-v8 
257 
47-41075393 
 
4. 
Management and trading on behalf of third parties 
Type of service 
Amount 
1. Execution of orders on behalf of customers 
1,905,586 
a) Purchases 
1,905,586 
 
1. settled 
1,901,343 
 
2. unsettled 
4,243 
b) Sales  
- 
 
1. settled  
- 
 
2. unsettled  
- 
2. Individual portfolio management  
126,211 
3. Custody and administration of securities  
10,400,841 
a) third-party securities held on deposit: when acting as custodian bank 
(excluding portfolio management)  
- 
- 
 
1. securities issued by the reporting bank  
- 
 
2. other securities  
- 
b) third-party securities held on deposit (excluding portfolio management): other  
8,995,012 
 
1. securities issued by the reporting bank  
812,289 
 
2. other securities  
8,182,723 
c) third-party securities deposited with third parties  
8,727,276 
d) treasury securities deposited with third parties  
1,405,829 
4. Other transactions

--- Page 260 ---
10286974115-v8 
258 
47-41075393 
 
Part C - Information on the income statement  
 
Section 1 - Interest - Items 10 and 20  
 
1.1 
Interest and similar income: breakdown 
Items/Technical forms 
Debt 
securities 
Loans 
Other 
transactions 
Total 
31/12/2022 
Total 
31/12/2021 
1. Financial assets measured at fair 
value through profit or loss  
15 
- 
- 
15 
17 
1.1 Financial assets held for trading  
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
1.2 Financial assets designated at fair 
value  
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
1.3 Other financial assets mandatorily 
designated at fair value  
15 
- 
- 
15 
17 
2 Financial assets at fair value through 
other comprehensive income  
2,424 
- 
- 
2,424 
2,424 
3 
Financial 
assets 
measured 
at 
amortised cost  
7,228 
47,588 
- 
54,816 
39,739 
3.1 Loans and receivables with banks  
444 
6,313 
- 
6,757 
2,097 
3.2 Loans and receivables with customers  
6,784 
41,275 
- 
48,059 
37,642 
4 Hedging derivatives 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
5 Other assets 
- 
- 
51 
51 
- 
6 Financial liabilities 
- 
- 
- 
16,320 
30,711 
Total 
9,667 
47,588 
51 
73,626 
72,691 
of which: interest on impaired financial 
assets 
- 
1,712 
- 
1,712 
1,062 
of which: interest on finance leases 
X 
9,228 
- 
9,228 
7,599

--- Page 261 ---
10286974115-v8 
259 
47-41075393 
 
1.2 
Interest and other income: other information  
1.2.1 Interest on foreign currency financial assets  
Description 
31/12/2022 
31/12/2021 
Interest on foreign currency financial assets 
75 
33

--- Page 262 ---
10286974115-v8 
260 
47-41075393 
 
1.3 
Interest and similar expense: breakdown 
Items/Technical forms 
Payables 
Securities 
Other 
transactions 
Total 
31/12/2022 
Total 
31/12/2021 
1. Financial liabilities measured at 
amortised cost 
13,062 
9,624 
X 
22,686 
9,869 
1.1 Due to central banks 
- 
X 
X 
- 
- 
1.2 Due to banks 
11,347 
X 
X 
11,347 
695 
1.3 Due to customers 
1,714 
- 
- 
1,714 
818 
1.4 Securities issued 
X 
9,624 
X 
9,624 
8,356 
2. Financial liabilities held for trading 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
3. financial liabilities designated at 
fair value 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
4. Other liabilities and provisions 
- 
X 
- 
- 
- 
5. Hedging derivatives 
X 
X 
- 
324 
495 
6. Financial assets 
X 
X 
X 
909 
19,693 
Total 
13,062 
9,624 
- 
23,919 
30,057 
of which: interest expense related to 
lease payables 
- 
X 
X 
- 
-

--- Page 263 ---
10286974115-v8 
261 
47-41075393 
 
1.4 
Interest and similar expense: other information  
1.4.1 Interest expense on foreign currency liabilities 
Description 
31/12/2022 
31/12/2021 
Interest on foreign currency financial liabilities 
1 
44

--- Page 264 ---
10286974115-v8 
262 
47-41075393 
 
1.5 
Interest and similar expense: differences relating to hedging transactions 
Item/Amounts 
Total 31/12/2022 
Total 31/12/2021 
A. Gains on hedging transactions  
- 
- 
B. Losses on hedging transactions  
324 
495 
C. Balance (A-B) 
(324) 
(495)

--- Page 265 ---
10286974115-v8 
263 
47-41075393 
 
Section 2 - Fees and commissions - Items 40 and 50  
2.1 
Fee and commission income: breakdown  
Type of services/Amounts 
31/12/2022 
31/12/2021 
a) Financial instruments  
8,729 
2,213 
1. Placement of securities  
8,084 
1,252 
1.1 With and/or based on firm commitment  
- 
- 
1.2 Without firm commitment 
8,084 
1,252 
2. Order acceptance and transmission and execution of orders on behalf of 
customers 
599 
926 
2.1 Order acceptance and transmission of one or more financial instruments  
599 
926 
2.2. Execution of orders on behalf of customers  
- 
- 
3. Other commissions related to financial instrument activities  
46 
35 
di cui: dealing for own account 
46 
35 
b) Corporate Finance  
- 
- 
1. Advice on mergers and acquisitions  
- 
- 
2. Treasury services  
- 
- 
3. Other commissions related to corporate finance services  
- 
- 
Consulting services on investments  
- 
- 
d) Clearing and settlement  
- 
- 
e) Custody and administration  
12,456 
12,003 
1. Custodian bank  
1,075 
1,059 
2. Other commissions related to custody and administration activities  
11,380 
10,944 
f) Central administrative services for collective portfolio management  
1,446 
1,767 
g) Fiduciary services  
- 
- 
h) Payment services  
20,306 
15,850 
1. Current accounts  
3,257 
3,101 
2. Credit cards  
271 
179 
3. Debit cards and other payment cards  
3,218 
3,045 
4. Bank transfers and other payment orders  
501 
337 
5. Other commissions related to payment services  
13,059 
9,188 
Distribution of third-party services  
411 
424 
1. Collective portfolio management  
- 
- 
2. Insurance products  
156 
144 
3. Other products  
255 
280 
of which: individual portfolio management  
- 
- 
j) Structured Finance  
- 
- 
k) Servicing for securitisation transactions  
- 
- 
l) Commitments to disburse funds  
- 
- 
m) Financial guarantees given  
2,150 
1,914 
of which: credit derivatives  
- 
- 
n) Funding transactions  
- 
- 
of which: factoring transactions  
- 
- 
o) Currency trading 
- 
- 
p) Commodities 
- 
- 
q) Other fee and commission income 
2,875 
3,321 
of which: management of multilateral trading facilities  
- 
- 
of which: management of organised trading facilities  
- 
- 
Total 
48,372 
37,492

--- Page 266 ---
10286974115-v8 
264 
47-41075393 
 
 
As from 1 January 2014, the bank took over ownership of the Raiffeisen Open Pension Fund. This 
activity generated contributions and administrative fee and commission income totalling € 11,827.

--- Page 267 ---
10286974115-v8 
265 
47-41075393 
 
2.2 
Fee and commission income: distribution channels of products and services  
Channels/Amounts 
31/12/2022 
31/12/2021 
a) at Bank branches:  
8,495 
1,676 
 
1. portfolio management  
- 
- 
 
2. placement of securities  
8,084 
1,252 
 
3. third party products and services  
411 
424 
b) outside bank branches:  
- 
- 
 
1. portfolio management  
- 
- 
 
2. placement of securities  
- 
- 
 
3. third party products and services  
- 
- 
c) other distribution channels:  
- 
- 
 
1. portfolio management  
- 
- 
 
2. placement of securities  
- 
- 
 
3. third party products and services  
- 
-

--- Page 268 ---
10286974115-v8 
266 
47-41075393 
 
2.3 
Fee and commission expense: breakdown 
Type of Services/Amounts 
31/12/2022 
31/12/2021 
a) Financial instruments  
2,663 
2,707 
 
of which: trading of financial instruments  
37 
48 
 
of which: placement of financial instruments 
140 
101 
 
of which: individual portfolio management 
2,487 
2,558 
 
-Own account  
- 
- 
 
-For third parties  
2,487 
2,558 
b) Clearing and settlement  
591 
523 
c) Custody and administration  
744 
792 
d) Collection and payment services  
9,099 
5,533 
 
of which: credit cards, debit cards and other payment cards  
8,810 
5,336 
e) Servicing for securitisation transactions  
- 
- 
f) Commitments to disburse funds  
- 
- 
g) Financial guarantees received  
173 
265 
 
of which: credit derivatives  
- 
- 
h) off-premises provision of financial instruments, products and 
services  
13,613 
6,418 
i) Currency trading  
- 
- 
j) Fee and commission expense 
1,027 
1,133 
Total 
27,911 
17,371 
 
As from 1 January 2014, the bank took over ownership of the Raiffeisen Open Pension Fund.  
This activity generated fee and commission expense totalling € 8,167.

--- Page 269 ---
10286974115-v8 
267 
47-41075393 
 
Section 3 - Dividends and similar income - Item 70  
 
3.1 
Dividends and similar income: breakdown 
Items/Income 
31/12/2022 
31/12/2021 
dividends 
similar income 
dividends 
similar income 
A. 
financial assets held for trading 
156 
- 
102 
- 
B. 
Other financial assets mandatorily measured at 
fair value 
- 
- 
- 
- 
C. 
Financial assets measured at fair value through 
other comprehensive income 
1,259 
173 
1,353 
133 
D. 
Equity investments 
 
- 
- 
- 
Total 
1,415 
173 
1,456 
133 
 
These are dividends received from equity investments in various companies, which are recognised in 
the financial statements as financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income. 
The most significant amounts concern dividends collected from the equity investment in the Bank of 
Italy.

--- Page 270 ---
10286974115-v8 
268 
47-41075393 
 
Section 4 - profits (losses) on trading - Item 80  
4.1 
Profits (Losses) on trading: breakdown 
Transactions/Income components 
Gains 
(A) 
Trading 
income 
(B) 
Losses 
(C) 
Trading 
losses 
(D) 
Profits 
(Losses) 
on trading 
[(A+B)-
(C+D)] 
1. Financial assets held for trading 
5 
1,499 
1,641 
- 
(137) 
 
1.1 Debt securities 
- 
- 
1 
- 
(1) 
 
1.2 Equity instruments 
2 
784 
1,640 
- 
757 
 
1.3 OEIC units 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
 
1.4 Loans 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
 
1.5 Other 
3 
715 
- 
- 
719 
2. Financial liabilities held for trading 
- 
- 
4,018 
- 
(4,018) 
 
2.1 Debt securities 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
 
2.2 Payables 
- 
- 
- 
- 
 
 
2.3 Other 
- 
- 
4,018 
- 
(4,018) 
3. Financial assets and liabilities: exchange rate 
differences 
X 
X 
X 
X 
- 
4. Derivative instruments 
10,338 
602 
4,390 
782 
5,896 
 
4.1 Financial derivatives: 
10,338 
602 
4,390 
782 
5,896  
 
-On debt securities and interest rates 
10,338 
602 
4,390 
782  
5,768  
 
-On equity instruments and stock market 
indices  
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
 
-On currencies and gold 
X 
X 
X 
X 
128 
 
-Other 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
 
4.2 Credit derivatives 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
of which: natural hedges associated with fair value 
option 
X 
X 
X 
X 
- 
Total 
10,343 
2,101 
10,050 
782 
1,740

--- Page 271 ---
10286974115-v8 
269 
47-41075393 
 
Section 5 - Net hedging income (expense) - Item 90  
 
5.1 
Net hedging income (expense): breakdown 
Income components/Amounts 
31/12/2022 
31/12/2021 
A. Gains on: 
 
 
A.1 Fair value hedging derivatives 
2,493 
1,013 
A.2 Financial assets with fair value hedges  
- 
- 
A.3 Financial liabilities with fair value hedges  
- 
- 
A.4 Financial derivatives for cash flow hedges  
- 
- 
A.5 Foreign currency assets and liabilities 
- 
- 
Total hedging income (A)  
2,493 
1,013 
B. Losses on: 
 
 
B.1 Losses on: 
(2,214) 
(976) 
B.2 Financial assets with fair value hedges 
- 
- 
B.3 Financial liabilities with fair value hedges 
- 
- 
B.4 Financial derivatives for cash flow hedges 
- 
- 
B.5 Foreign currency assets and liabilities 
- 
- 
Total hedging expense (B) 
(2,214) 
(976) 
C. Net hedging expense (A-B) 
279 
37 
of which: result of hedges on net positions 
 
 
 
The bank hedges against interest rate risk on a number of large credit lines.

--- Page 272 ---
10286974115-v8 
270 
47-41075393 
 
Section 6 - Profits (losses) on disposal/repurchase - Item 100  
 
6.1 
Profits (losses) on disposal/repurchase: breakdown 
Items/Income components 
31/12/2022 
31/12/2021 
Profits 
Losses 
Net 
result 
Profits 
Losses 
Net 
result 
A. Financial assets  
 
 
 
 
 
 
1. 
Financial 
assets 
measured 
at 
amortised cost 
5,129 
- 
5,129 
- 
- 
- 
 
1.1 Loans and receivables with banks 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
 
1.2 
Loans 
and 
receivables 
with 
customers 
5,129 
- 
5,129 
- 
- 
- 
2. Financial assets measured at fair value 
through other comprehensive income 
10,649 
- 
10,649 
6,972 
(19) 
6,954 
 
2.1 Debt securities 
10,649 
- 
10,649 
6,972 
(19) 
6,954 
 
2.2 Loans 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Total assets 
15,778 
- 
15,778 
6,972 
(19) 
6,954 
B. Financial liabilities measured at 
amortised cost  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
1. Due to banks 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
 
2. Due to customers 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
 
3. Securities issued 
31 
(4) 
27 
2 
(34) 
(32) 
Total liabilities 
31 
(4) 
27 
2 
(34) 
(32)

--- Page 273 ---
10286974115-v8 
271 
47-41075393 
 
7.2 
Net change in value of other financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value 
through profit or loss: breakdown of other financial assets and liabilities mandatorily 
measured at fair value 
Transactions/Income components 
31/12/2022 
Gains (A) 
Gains on sales (B) 
Capital losses (C) 
Losses on sales (D) 
Profits (Losses) on trading(A+B) – (C+D) 
1. Financial assets 
1,360 
85 
(11,752) 
- 
(10,307) 
1.1 Debt securities 
- 
85 
(59) 
- 
26 
1.2 Equity instruments  
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
1.3 OEIC instruments 
1,358 
- 
(11,693) 
- 
(10,335) 
1.4 Loans  
2 
- 
- 
- 
2 
2. Financial assets and liabilities: exchange 
rate differences 
X 
X 
X 
X 
- 
Total 
1,360 
85 
(11,752) 
- 
(10,307)

--- Page 274 ---
10286974115-v8 
272 
47-41075393 
 
Section 8 - Net impairment losses for credit risk - Item 130  
 
8.1 
Net impairment losses for credit risk relating to financial assets at amortised cost: 
breakdown 
Transactions/Income 
components 
Impairment losses (1) 
Reversals of impairment 
losses (2) 
Total 
31/12/2022 
(3) = (1)-(2) 
Total 
31/12/2021 
(3) = (1)-(2) 
Stage 1 
and 2 
Stage 3 
Purchased or 
originated 
credit-impaired 
Stage 1 
and 2 
Stage 
3 
Purchased 
or 
originated 
credit-
impaired 
Write-off 
Other 
Write-off 
Other 
A. 
Loans 
and 
receivables 
with 
banks 
298 
- 
- 
- 
- 
2,083 
- 
- 
1,486 
(1,471) 
-Loans 
592 
- 
- 
- 
- 
2,083 
- 
- 
1,490 
(1,466) 
-Debt securities 
6 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
(5) 
(5) 
B. 
Loans 
and 
receivables 
with 
customers 
11,992 
- 14,570 
- 
2,860 
4,959 
7,813 
1,608 
(15,043) 
(7,074) 
-Loans 
11,953 
 14,570 
- 
2,860 
4,553 
7,813 
1,608 
(15,410) 
(6,802) 
-Debt securities 
39 
- 
- 
- 
- 
406 
- 
- 
367 
(273) 
Total 
12,290 
- 14,570 
- 
2,860 
7,042 
7,813 
1,608 
(13,557) 
(8,545) 
 
8.1a 
Net impairment losses for credit risk relating to measured financial assets at amortised 
cost subject to Covid-19 support measures: breakdown  
Transactions/Income 
components 
Impairment losses 
Total 
31/12/2022 
Total 
31/12/2021 
Stage 
1 and 
2 
Stage 3 
Purchased or 
originated 
credit-impaired 
Write-off 
Other 
Write-off 
Other 
1. GL-compliant forborne loans 
(819) 
- 
(1,992) 
- 
617 
(3,428) 
(3,017) 
2 
Subject 
to 
existing 
moratorium measures that no 
longer comply with the GL and 
are not considered as forborne 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
3. Other forborne loans 
353 
- 
(2,462) 
- 
- 
(2,109) 
(1,611) 
4. New loans 
(172) 
- 
(1,053) 
 
(617) 
(1,225) 
(153) 
Total 31/12/2022 
(638) 
- 
(5,507) 
- 
- 
(6,761) 
(4,781) 
Total 31/12/2021 
1,310 
- 
3,413 
- 
- 
(4,781) 
(4,781)

--- Page 275 ---
10286974115-v8 
273 
47-41075393 
 
8.2 
Net impairment losses for credit risk relating to financial assets at fair value through 
other comprehensive income: breakdown  
Transactions/Incom
e components 
Impairment losses (1) 
Reversals of impairment 
losses (2) 
Total 
31/12/202
2 (3) = (1)-
(2) 
Total 
31/12/202
1 (3) = (1)-
(2) 
Stag
e 1 
and 2 
Stage 3 
Purchase
d or 
originated 
credit-
impaired 
Stag
e 1 
and 2 
Stag
e 3 
Purchase
d or 
originated 
credit-
impaired 
Write-off 
Other 
Write-off 
Other 
A. Debt securities 
49 
- 
- 
- 
- 
167 
- 
- 
118 
(103) 
B Loans 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- with customers 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- with banks 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Total 
49 
- 
- 
- 
- 
167 
- 
- 
118 
(103)

--- Page 276 ---
10286974115-v8 
274 
47-41075393 
 
Section 9 - Gains (losses) from amendments to contracts without derecognition - Item 140  
 
9.1 
Gains (losses) from amendments to contracts: breakdown  
Description 
Impairment 
losses 
Reversals of 
impairment losses 
Total 2022 
Total 2021 
Loans and receivables with 
customers 
1 
- 
(1) 
20

--- Page 277 ---
10286974115-v8 
275 
47-41075393 
 
Section 10 - Administrative expenses - Item 160  
 
10.1 
Personnel expenses: breakdown 
Type of expense/Amounts 
31/12/2022 
31/12/2021 
1) Employees  
21,554 
20,546 
 a) wages and salaries  
15,340 
14,653 
 b) social security charges  
4,109 
3,884 
 c) post-employment benefits  
853 
839 
 d) pension expenses  
- 
- 
 e) accrual for post-employment benefits  
- 
- 
 f) accrual for pension and similar provisions:  
- 
- 
 -defined contribution  
- 
- 
 -defined benefit  
- 
- 
 g) payments to external supplementary pension funds:  
908 
835 
 -defined contribution  
908 
835 
 -defined benefit  
- 
- 
 h) costs deriving from payment agreements on own equity instruments 
share-based payment agreements  
- 
- 
 i) other employee benefits  
213 
335 
2) Other personnel in service  
10 
3 
3) Directors and statutory auditors  
768 
808 
4) Retired personnel  
- 
- 
5) Cost recoveries for employees seconded to other companies  
- 
- 
6) Cost reimbursement for third party employees seconded to the bank  
- 
- 
Total 
22,331 
21,358 
 
The number of employees increased further as a result of the expansion of the services offered to the 
Raiffeisen member banks. Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige offers the Raiffeisen member 
banks services related to the development of new products, support in defining transactions in the area 
of finance and credit, support in administrative and signalling activities, and finally the development of 
the internal control function.  
Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige also supports the RIS Kons. Gmbh information service centre 
in the development of EoP projects and the implementation of new regulations.

--- Page 278 ---
10286974115-v8 
276 
47-41075393 
 
10.2 
Average number of employees by category  
Employees:  
 
 
a) executives 
6 
 
b) middle managers 
73 
 
c) other employees 
125 
Other personnel 
2 
 
Part-time employees were conventionally considered to be 50%.

--- Page 279 ---
10286974115-v8 
277 
47-41075393 
 
10.5 
Other administrative expenses: breakdown  
Description 
31/12/2022 
31/12/2021 
-indirect taxes and duties 
1,705 
2,223 
-fees to professionals 
3 
3 
-insurance companies 
138 
123 
-rental of machines and equipment 
108 
44 
-maintenance costs of own properties 
141 
168 
-property, plant and machinery maintenance contracts 
114 
123 
-postal expenses 
119 
117 
-phone costs 
32 
32 
-EDP, SWIFT and REUTERS expenses 
6,791 
6,011 
-electricity and cleaning costs 
409 
306 
-office supplies and printed matter 
44 
48 
-travel, advertising and entertainment expenses 
422 
394 
-contributions and donations 
688 
734 
-contributions to the IPS underwriting syndicate 
3,207 
1,579 
-contributions to the National Resolution Fund and voluntary contributions for 
the recovery of BCCs 
3,879 
4,941 
-sundry expenses for treasury services 
11 
38 
-expenses for books, magazines and information 
8 
16 
-expenses for publications and translations 
162 
202 
-legal costs 
1,026 
879 
-expenses for auditing the financial statements 
248 
238 
-other administrative expenses 
1,832 
1,638 
Total 
21,086 
19,857 
 
The increase in other administrative expenses is due to the contribution and operating expenses paid 
to the Institutional Protection Scheme in the amount of € 3,563 and the payment of ordinary and 
extraordinary contributions to the Depositors' Guarantee Fund and the National Resolution Fund of € 
3,490.

--- Page 280 ---
10286974115-v8 
278 
47-41075393 
 
Detailed information on Table 10.5: Other administrative expenses  
Services assigned to the Independent auditors  
In accordance with the resolution of the General Shareholders' Meeting of 18 May 2020, Cassa Centrale 
Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige appointed EY S.p.A. to audit the annual financial statements envisaged by 
the regulations in force. As from 1 May 2021, EY S.p.A. effectively took over this task. In 2022, 
independent auditors PWC S.p.A., other entities belonging to the independent auditors' network, and 
the independent auditors EY S.p.A. received fees for the carrying out of the following services:  
Type of services 
Party that provided the service 
Amount of fee 
External audit  
EY S.p.A. 
139 
Certification services  
EY S.p.A. 
PWC S.p.A. 
47 
62 
Tax consulting services  
TLS 
34 
 
Certification reports for TLTRO operations were provided as part of the services carried out.  
Other certifications concerned the issue of bonds and third-party securities and instruments under 
management.

--- Page 281 ---
10286974115-v8 
279 
47-41075393 
 
Section 11 Net accruals to provisions for risks and charges - Item 170  
 
11.1 
Net accruals to provisions for credit risk relating to commitments to disburse funds 
and financial guarantees given: breakdown  
Description 
31/12/2022 
31/12/2021 
1) Provisions for risks on endorsement credits and commitments 
to disburse funds 
2,049 
1,352 
2) Reversals of provisions from previous years 
1,358 
1,602 
Total 
(691) 
250

--- Page 282 ---
10286974115-v8 
280 
47-41075393 
 
11.3 
Net accruals to provisions for risks and charges: breakdown  
Description 
31/12/2022 
31/12/2021 
1) Accruals to other provisions for risks and charges  
 
 
 
a) legal disputes  
145 
25 
 
b) other  
- 
- 
2) Reversals of provisions from previous years 
 
 
 
a) legal disputes  
13 
12 
 
b) other  
- 
- 
Total 
(132) 
(13)

--- Page 283 ---
10286974115-v8 
281 
47-41075393 
 
Section 12 - Depreciation and net impairment losses on property, equipment and investment 
property - Item 180  
 
12.1 
Depreciation and net impairment losses on property, equipment and investment 
property: breakdown 
Assets/Income component 
Depreciation 
(a) 
Impairment 
losses (b) 
Reversals of 
impairment 
losses (c) 
Net result  
(a + b – c) 
A. Property, equipment and investment 
property  
 
 
 
 
1. Used in the business  
797 
- 
- 
797 
 
- owned  
770 
- 
- 
770 
 
-rights of use acquired through the 
lease  
27 
- 
- 
27 
2. Investment property  
- 
- 
- 
- 
 
- owned  
- 
- 
- 
- 
 
-rights of use acquired through the lease  
- 
- 
- 
- 
3. Inventories  
- 
- 
- 
- 
Total 
797 
- 
- 
797

--- Page 284 ---
10286974115-v8 
282 
47-41075393 
 
Section 13 - Amortisation and net impairment losses on intangible assets - Item 190  
 
13.1 
Amortisation and net impairment losses on intangible assets: breakdown 
Assets/Income component 
Depreciation 
(a) 
Impairment 
losses (b) 
Reversals of 
impairment 
losses (c) 
Net result 
 (a + b – c) 
A. Intangible assets  
 
 
 
 
 
of which: Software  
34 
- 
- 
34 
A.1 owned  
34 
- 
- 
34 
 
-Generated internally  
34 
- 
- 
34 
 
- Other  
- 
- 
- 
- 
A.2 Rights of use acquired through the lease  
- 
- 
- 
- 
Total 
34 
- 
- 
34

--- Page 285 ---
10286974115-v8 
283 
47-41075393 
 
Section 14 - Other operating net income - Item 200  
 
14.1 
Other operating expenses: breakdown 
Description 
31/12/2022 
31/12/2021 
extraordinary expense 
115 
20 
other expenses  
- 
- 
Total 
115 
20 
 
Extraordinary expense is attributable to operational errors.  
 
14.2 
Other operating income: breakdown 
Description 
31/12/2022 
31/12/2021 
repayment of indirect taxes 
1,551 
2,046 
reimbursement of expenses 
2,470 
1,776 
extraordinary income 
58 
45 
other revenues 
5,236 
4,873 
Total 
9,314 
8,741 
 
Other operating income includes revenues from various consulting services offered to the Raiffeisen 
banks of € 2,680.

--- Page 286 ---
10286974115-v8 
284 
47-41075393 
 
Section 15 - Net gains (losses) on equity investments - Item 220  
 
15.1 
Net profits (losses) on equity investments: breakdown 
Income component/Amounts 
31/12/2022 
31/12/2021 
A. Income  
650 
7,027 
 
1. Revaluations  
650 
615 
 
2. Gains on sale  
- 
5,908 
 
3. Reversals of impairment losses  
- 
504 
 
4. Other income  
- 
- 
B. Expense  
10,178 
- 
 
1. Impairment  
10,178 
- 
 
2. Impairment losses  
- 
- 
 
3. Losses on sale  
- 
- 
 
4. Other expenses  
- 
- 
Net result 
(9,528) 
7,027 
 
Impairment and revaluations of equity investments are made based on the measurement using the 
equity method of the investee companies and, if necessary, on the results of impairment tests.

--- Page 287 ---
10286974115-v8 
285 
47-41075393 
 
Section 17 - Goodwill impairment losses - Item 240  
 
17.1 
Goodwill impairment losses: breakdown 
Description 
31/12/2022 
31/12/2021 
A. impairment 
117 
-  
B. Reversals of impairment losses 
- 
- 
Total 
(117) 
-

--- Page 288 ---
10286974115-v8 
286 
47-41075393 
 
Section 18 - Net gains (losses) on disposal of investments - Item 250  
 
18.1 
Net gains (losses) on disposal of investments: breakdown 
Income component/Amounts 
31/12/2022 
31/12/2021 
A. Property  
- 
- 
 
-Gains on sale  
- 
- 
 
-Losses on sale  
- 
- 
B. Other assets  
(6) 
(1) 
 
-Gains on sale  
- 
- 
 
-Losses on sale  
6 
1 
Net result 
(6) 
(1)

--- Page 289 ---
10286974115-v8 
287 
47-41075393 
 
Section 19 – Income taxes – Item 270  
 
19.1 
Income taxes: breakdown 
Income component/Amounts 
31/12/2022 
31/12/2021 
1. Current taxes (-)  
(7,686) 
(13,786) 
2. Changes in current taxes of prior years (+/-)  
108 
(46) 
3. Reduction in current taxes for the year (+)  
- 
- 
3. bis Reduction in current taxes for the year for credit taxes as per 
Italian Law no. 214/2011 (+)  
- 
- 
4. Change in deferred tax assets (+/-)  
(828) 
(512) 
5. Change in deferred tax liabilities (+/-)  
- 
3,009 
6. Income taxes for the year (-) (-1 +/-2 +3 +/-4 +/-5)  
(8,406) 
(11,335) 
 
19.2 
Reconciliation between theoretical tax expense and actual tax expense  
IRES  
Description 
Gross profit 
Tax 
Percentage of 
profit 
Theoretical tax 
20,311 
5,585 
27.50% 
Actual tax 
30,569 
8,406 
41.39% 
Changes subject to reconciliation 
10,258 
2,821 
 
 
 
Taxable income 
% 
Tax 
IMU and other non-deductible taxes  
102 
27.50% 
28 
Non-deductible provisions  
2,788 
27.50% 
767 
Impairment of non-deductible equity investments 
10,178 
27.50% 
2,799 
Dividends from equity investments (excluding 95% share)  
(201) 
27.50% 
(55) 
IRAP deduction for personnel costs Italian Ministerial Decree 
2011/11 art. 2  
(98) 
27.50% 
(27) 
ACE deductions  
(3,395) 
27.50% 
(934) 
Revaluations of non-deductible equity investments  
(470) 
27.50% 
(129) 
Other changes  
1,353 
27.50% 
372 
Changes subject to reconciliation 
10,258 
 
2,821

--- Page 290 ---
10286974115-v8 
288 
47-41075393 
 
19.3 
Reconciliation between theoretical tax expense and actual tax expense  
IRAP  
Description 
Gross profit 
Tax 
Percentage of 
profit 
Theoretical tax 
20,311 
944 
4.65%  
Actual tax 
42,395 
1,971 
9.71% 
Changes subject to reconciliation 
22,085 
1,028 
 
 
 
 
Taxable income 
% 
Tax 
50% Dividends  
860 
4.65% 
40 
10% amortisation  
49 
4.65% 
2 
10% Other administrative expenses  
2,092 
4.65% 
97 
Other revenues  
6,905 
4.65% 
321 
Other changes  
12,179 
4.65% 
566 
Changes subject to reconciliation 
22,085 
 
1,026 
 
Pursuant to Article 2 of Italian Law no. 44/2012, Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige, together with 
Cassa Centrale Banca Credito Cooperativo, benefits from the tax transparency regulations envisaged 
by Article 115 of the Business Income Act with regard to the taxable income of the investee company 
CRR FIN S.p.A.. Accordingly, the taxable income and tax credits of the investee are taken into account 
in the tax returns of the participating companies. For 2022, a loss of € 79 was included in the calculation 
of Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige taxes.

--- Page 291 ---
10286974115-v8 
289 
47-41075393 
 
Section 21 - Other information  
 
21.2 
Other information  
The number of shares amounted to 250,000,000 as at 31 December 2022. Earnings per share, 
calculated on the simple average of the ordinary shares outstanding as at 31 December 2022, were 
4.76 eurocent. In the 2021 financial year, these earnings amounted to 18.99 eurocent per share.

--- Page 292 ---
10286974115-v8 
290 
47-41075393 
 
Part D - Statement of comprehensive income  
 
Analytical statement of comprehensive income  
 
Items 
31/12/2022 
31/12/2021 
10. 
Net income (loss) for the year 
11,904 
42,739 
 
Other comprehensive income net of income taxes without 
reclassification to profit or loss related to:  
- 
- 
20. 
Equity instruments designated at fair value through other 
comprehensive income  
(4,085) 
7,488 
 
a) Fair value change  
(4,085) 
7,488 
 
b) Transfers to other equity components  
- 
- 
30. 
Financial liabilities designated at fair value through profit or loss 
(change in Bank's creditworthiness)  
- 
- 
 
a) Fair value change  
- 
- 
 
b) Transfers to other equity components  
- 
- 
40. 
Coverage of equity instruments at fair value through other 
comprehensive income  
- 
- 
 
a) fair value change (hedged instrument)  
- 
- 
 
b) fair value change (hedging instrument)  
- 
- 
 
Property, equipment and investment property 
- 
- 
60. 
Intangible assets 
- 
- 
70. 
Defined benefit plans 
306 
30 
80. 
Non-current assets held for sale and disposal groups 
- 
- 
90. 
Portion of valuation reserves of equity-accounted investments 
885 
1,662 
100. 
Income taxes relating to other comprehensive income without 
reclassification to profit or loss 
930 
(2,951) 
 
Other comprehensive income with reclassification to profit or loss:  
- 
- 
110. 
Hedging of investments in foreign operations  
- 
- 
 
a) fair value changes  
- 
- 
 
b) reclassification to profit or loss  
- 
- 
 
c) other changes  
- 
- 
120. 
Exchange rate differences  
- 
- 
 
a) fair value changes  
- 
- 
 
b) reclassification to profit or loss  
- 
- 
 
c) other changes  
- 
- 
130. 
Cash flow hedges  
- 
- 
 
a) fair value changes  
- 
- 
 
b) reclassification to profit or loss  
- 
- 
 
c) other changes  
- 
- 
 
of which: result of net positions  
- 
- 
140. 
Hedging instruments (elements not designated)  
- 
- 
 
a) fair value changes  
- 
- 
 
b) reclassification to profit or loss  
- 
- 
 
c) other changes  
- 
- 
150. 
Financial assets (other than equity instruments) at fair value through 
other comprehensive income  
(38,061) 
(11,738) 
 
a) fair value changes  
(33,084) 
(11,530) 
 
b) reclassification to profit or loss  
(4,977) 
(208)

--- Page 293 ---
10286974115-v8 
291 
47-41075393 
 
 
Items 
31/12/2022 
31/12/2021 
 
- impairment due to credit risk  
(5,129) 
0 
 
- gains (losses) on sales  
152 
(208) 
 
c) other changes  
- 
- 
160. 
Non-current assets held for sale and disposal groups:  
- 
- 
 
a) fair value changes  
- 
- 
 
b) reclassification to profit or loss  
- 
- 
 
c) other changes  
- 
- 
170. 
Portion of valuation reserves of equity-accounted investments  
- 
- 
 
a) fair value changes  
- 
- 
 
b) reclassification to profit or loss  
- 
- 
 
- impairment losses  
- 
- 
 
- gains (losses) on sales  
- 
- 
 
c) other changes  
- 
- 
180. 
Income taxes relating to other comprehensive income with 
reclassification to profit or loss 
- 
- 
190. 
Total other comprehensive income 
(40,024) 
(5,510) 
200. 
Comprehensive income (10+190) 
(28,120) 
37,229

--- Page 294 ---
10286974115-v8 
292 
47-41075393 
 
Part E - Information on risks and relative hedging policies  
 
Foreword  
Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige pays special attention to maintaining an effective risk 
management that ensures the constant monitoring and management of risks.  
Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige carries out its business in accordance with the following risk 
management principles, which are set out in the risk management policy:  
- 
Risks are monitored and taken systematically in order to achieve a sustainable return over time;  
- 
Risk exposures are continuously adjusted to the bank's risk capacity and risk appetite;  
- 
Conflicts of interest are avoided or limited as far as possible, both on a personal and organisational 
basis;  
- 
Risk management standards are based on national and international standards and are consistent 
with those of similar banking groups in terms of structure and size;  
- 
The Bank's risk and risk management policies are based on the going concern principle;  
- 
The risk thresholds, in particular those set by the supervisory authority, or by the Articles of 
Association, are complied with on an ongoing basis by expecting an adequate safety margin;  
- 
The bank is primarily active only in those areas for which it has sufficient experience and knowledge 
to assess the underlying risks, or commitments are made solely as a result of the development or 
creation of the corresponding know-how;  
- 
The bank does not take on financial instruments in its portfolio that are difficult to value;  
- 
The introduction of new products, services or activities, as well as the entry into new markets, is 
usually preceded - as part of the innovation process - by an adequate analysis of the target market 
and all potential risks. The principle of prudence is applied when risk situations arise that are difficult 
to assess;  
- 
Possible exceptions or extreme situations are presented in the form of stress scenarios, where 
relevant and appropriate, and the results are taken into account in risk management;  
- 
For particularly critical business processes, the Bank has contingency plans that can be adopted in 
case of internal or external events of an extraordinary nature that ensure the continuation of 
operations and the continuity of the bank;  
- 
Appropriate risk management standards are defined for all risks relevant to the Bank, which are 
then set out in internal policies or regulations;  
­ 
The bank's RAF described below is based on the risk management principles listed above.  
The same applies to the internal processes for assessing the adequacy of total capital (ICAAP) 
and liquidity (ILAAP).  
The risk appetite of Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige is defined in the Risk Appetite Framework 
(hereinafter RAF). The RAF is a component of the internal control system and contributes to the 
implementation of the principle of sound and prudent management of the bank. The RAF is essentially 
a system for setting targets and risk limits. For each of the different risk categories, risk targets are 
defined in the RAF in order to manage, control and monitor them. The RAF encompasses not only the 
definition of risk appetite, but also a broad and comprehensive system that regulates competencies, 
processes, interventions and escalations.

--- Page 295 ---
10286974115-v8 
293 
47-41075393 
 
The RAF is based on the bank's business model and is consistent with the bank's business planning, 
organisational structure, maximum risk capacity, the internal capital adequacy and internal liquidity 
assessment process (ICAAP/ILAAP), the recovery plan according to the Bank Recovery and Resolution 
Directive (BRRD) and the system of internal controls.  
In order for the RAF to be an effective risk management tool, it must contain both qualitative descriptions 
of the risk objectives (risk appetite statement) and quantitative prescriptions (thresholds or limits) on the 
defined key indicators.  
In order to ensure consistency between the business model and planning (strategic and operational), 
the RAF includes risk indicators as well as indicators and requirements relating to the bank's profitability, 
performance and business model.  
As part of the risk governance and management process, the Risk Management function has key roles 
and tasks. However, risk management in general concerns the entire bank, from the corporate bodies 
down to the individual employee.  
The bank's risk management complies with supervisory standards. For each relevant risk, the bank 
prepares an appropriate risk management process divided into the following steps:  
- 
risk identification (identification of the main risk factors);  
- 
risk analysis (analysis of all major risks and risk factors, definition of risk indicators and models, 
preparation of internal rules);  
- 
risk measurement and assessment (quantification, measurement or qualitative assessment of all 
risks);  
- 
risk monitoring (continuous monitoring of risks and underlying indicators, control of compliance with 
internal and external regulations and standards, identification of risk trends);  
- 
risk reporting and disclosure (timely reporting, the preparation and dissemination of which facilitates 
decision-making, consideration of possible changes in the current and future context, assessment 
of possible risk impacts and new opportunities, risk awareness, risk culture);  
- 
risk management and related interventions (implementation of interventions and their 
documentation).  
The RAF, the Internal Capital Adequacy Assessment Process (ICAAP), the Liquidity Adequacy 
Assessment Process (ILAAP) and the Bank's Recovery Plan are key elements in the implementation 
of an effective risk management process.  
Risk management takes place as part of an organisational model that provides for a clear separation 
between control functions and operational structures and pursues the following objectives:  
- 
ensuring adequate equity and liquidity availability;  
- 
preventing losses;  
- 
ensuring correct and complete reporting;  
- 
continuing to operate in compliance with all internal and external regulations relevant to the bank.  
In accordance with the provisions of corporate governance, the organisational model of Cassa Centrale 
Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige defines the main responsibilities of the corporate bodies, also in order to 
protect the effectiveness and efficiency of the entire internal control system:  
- 
The Board of Directors, which has a strategic supervisory role in accordance with supervisory 
regulations, is responsible for the risk control and management system and - as part of the related

--- Page 296 ---
10286974115-v8 
294 
47-41075393 
 
governance - for the processes of defining, approving, modifying, applying and monitoring the 
strategic objectives and guidelines for risk governance;  
- 
The General Manager and the Board of Directors, who together form the management body, 
monitor the effective implementation of the strategic objectives, the RAF and the guidelines defined 
by the Board of Directors for risk management. They are also responsible for taking all necessary 
steps to ensure that the organisational model and internal controls comply with the principles and 
requirements set out in the supervisory regulations, and for monitoring compliance on an ongoing 
basis;  
- 
The Risk Committee provides support and consultancy to the Board of Directors with regard to its 
tasks and competencies in the area of risk management. All matters relevant for risk management 
purposes are submitted to the Risk Committee for detailed consideration prior to approval by the 
Board of Directors.  
- 
The Board of Statutory Auditors, as the control body, monitors the completeness, adequacy, 
efficiency and reliability of the internal control system and the RAF. The Board of Statutory Auditors, 
as the control body, monitors the completeness, adequacy, efficiency and reliability of the internal 
control system and the RAF.  
Risk management at the Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige concerns all departments and 
business units, which are required to carry out their work with constant care and attention, also based 
on predefined processes. According to the supervisory provisions, the internal control system is divided 
into three levels:  
- 
line or first-level controls, which are the responsibility of the operating units and are designed to 
ensure the smooth running of the bank's activities;  
- 
second-level controls (Risk Management and Compliance functions) that identify, analyse, 
measure, monitor and manage risks;  
- 
third-level controls (internal audit function), which are designed to identify the existence of 
anomalies in procedures and to assess the functioning and effectiveness of the overall system of 
internal controls.  
In accordance with current prudential supervisory regulations, the Risk Management and Compliance 
functions report directly to the Board of Directors.  
Similarly, it is envisaged that the General Manager will operationally coordinate the activities of these 
two functions.  
The Internal Audit Service reports directly to the Board of Directors.  
The risk management function is responsible, among other things, for implementing the following 
activities and standards:  
- 
ensuring ongoing compliance of risk management with supervisory provisions, as well as with 
current standards and internal risk management policies and regulations;  
- 
developing, maintaining, validating and continuously adapting procedures, methods and indicators 
for assessing and managing the risks falling within its competence;  
- 
developing stress scenarios and conducting stress tests (possibly with the support of other relevant 
functions); communicating the results of the stress tests to the relevant corporate bodies and 
formulating appropriate proposals for action;  
- 
making proposals on the content, indicators and requirements of the RAF;  
- 
ongoing monitoring of the conformity of the actual risk profile of Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto 
Adige with the risk appetite and the defined standards; notifying the bodies and risk takers of any 
overdue and proposing appropriate action;

--- Page 297 ---
10286974115-v8 
295 
47-41075393 
 
- 
supporting the Board of Directors in the implementation and the carrying-out of ICAAP and ILAAP 
processes; coordinating the different phases of the ICAAP and ILAAP processes; implementing 
activities that fall within the tasks and competences of the Risk Management function;  
- 
assist the Board of Directors, the General Manager and the rest of the Management in the 
preparation of the recovery plan;  
- 
checking the proper and adequate implementation of the monitoring and performance control of 
individual credit exposures;  
- 
prior examination of major corporate events, innovations and outsourced activities.  
The Compliance and Anti-Money Laundering service, which is also independent of operating structures 
such as the risk management department, is responsible for identifying, assessing, managing and 
monitoring risks arising from non-compliance with external and internal regulations that could lead to 
administrative or legal sanctions, financial loss or damage to the Group's reputation. The head of this 
function has also been given responsibility for the anti-money laundering function, with the task of 
continuously verifying that the company's procedures are consistent with the objective of preventing 
and combating violations of external and internal regulations on money laundering and the financing of 
terrorism as far as possible.  
The Internal Audit service is responsible for checking the efficiency and effectiveness of the internal 
control system. The regulations require this activity to be carried out by a structure independent of the 
operating structure, with qualitative and quantitative characteristics appropriate to the complexity of the 
company and its activities.  
The Internal Audit service carries out its activities on the basis of a specific annual control plan, which 
is approved in advance by the Board of Directors after informing the Board of Statutory Auditors. The 
results of the checks carried out by Internal Audit are reported to both the Board of Directors and the 
Board of Statutory Auditors.  
Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige established an organisational model in accordance with the 
provisions of Italian Legislative Decree no. 231 of 8 June 2001.  
To build an effective risk management system, it is essential to create and promote - in words and 
deeds - a corporate culture that focuses on employee integrity, risk management and adequate internal 
control mechanisms.  
Promoting an appropriate risk culture is an evolving process that is part of the bank's strategic planning. 
 
Public Disclosure  
Information on public disclosure and country by country reporting can be found on the website: 
https://www.raiffeisen.it/it/cassa-centrale/siamo-sostenibili/chisiamo/investor-relations/informativa-al-
pubblico.html.

--- Page 298 ---
10286974115-v8 
296 
47-41075393 
 
Section 1 - Credit Risk  
 
Qualitative information  
1. 
General aspects  
Credit risk: definition  
Credit risk is the present and future risk of adverse consequences arising from the failure of a 
borrower to meet its repayment obligations, either in whole or in part, or at a time other than 
that contractually agreed. The credit risk components are:  
• 
the risk of a deterioration in creditworthiness (migration risk) resulting from a 
deterioration in the creditworthiness of the counterparty;  
• 
the risk of delay, i.e. the risk that a counterparty will meet its payment obligations at a 
time other than that contractually agreed;  
• 
the risk of default, i.e. the risk that a counterparty fails to meet all or part of its payment 
obligations (the risk of default also includes the risk of insolvency).  
The credit risk may arise from adverse developments affecting individual borrowers 
(idiosyncratic risk, also known as specific or non-systemic risk) or from global events and 
developments affecting all or part of the portfolio (systemic risk). Systemic risks can affect the 
solvency of public borrowers or issuers.  
Securities in the banking book are also exposed to credit risk in accordance with the 
standardised approach required by supervisory regulations. Counterparty risk includes the risk 
of credit valuation adjustments on derivative instruments (CVA risk), exposures arising from 
securities financing transactions, derivatives and transactions with long-term settlement.  
Customer segments in the credit system  
The lending practices of the Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige are focused on the 
segment of small and medium-sized enterprises (exposures above € 1 million make up well 
over 80% of the loans and receivables portfolio), while loans and receivables with private 
customers are limited.  
Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige also acts as a financial partner of local authorities 
and their related structures.  
Credit risk and counterparty risk  
In addition to the credit risk related to traditional lending practices, Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen 
dell'Alto Adige is also exposed to a more limited extent to credit risk arising from securities and 
counterparty risks, mainly due to non-speculative securities positions, securities financing 
transactions and OTC derivative positions.  
The securities portfolio is largely composed of Italian and European government securities with 
very limited credit risk, which do not carry any credit risk under the standardised approach of 
the supervisory regulations, but which, if held under the HTCS business model, can have an 
impact on the bank's own funds in the event of fluctuations in their value.  
Counterparty risk arising from non-speculative activities in OTC derivatives and from securities 
financing transactions is low.

--- Page 299 ---
10286974115-v8 
297 
47-41075393 
 
Information on the EBA Guidelines (EBA/GL/2020/07) is also published as part of the annual 
report "Guidelines on reporting and disclosure of exposures subject to measures applied in 
response to the COVID 19 crisis".  
2. 
Credit risk management policies  
2.1 
Organisational aspects  
Organisational structure and brief outline of responsibilities  
The organisational structure in charge of credit risk management corresponds to the standards 
applied by banks of similar size and complexity:  
• 
the credit area is clearly separated from the sales area;  
• 
the functions responsible for the credit investigation, monitoring and management 
phases are separate organisational units;  
• 
The bank's personnel are competent, qualified, have the necessary know-how to 
handle even complex credit transactions, and are trained on a regular basis;  
• 
The risk management function analyses and monitors risks both at the level of the 
entire portfolio and of a part of it;  
• 
the bank established a credit committee that meets regularly once or twice a month.  
The Sales Area is entrusted with customer consultancy and support. This function prepares the 
credit line proposal and also a written opinion on the customer's creditworthiness. Consultants 
within this function must also monitor the volume of business, the occurrence of overdue, the 
presence of loan back instalments, etc. for the customers assigned to them.  
The Credit Area evaluates credit line proposals, carries out periodic credit reviews and also 
monitors credit performance. This function ensures an independent credit assessment process 
and the support of consultants in monitoring credit positions.  
The Credit function is also responsible for preparing loan agreements, monitoring the 
performance of the entire loan portfolio through first level controls, regularly updating ratings 
and managing documentation relating to individual loans. This function is also responsible for 
monitoring the performance of credit transactions with groups of related customers.  
The Risk Management function verifies, as part of its second-level controls, both the proper 
carrying out of credit monitoring and the development of credit risk at the level of the entire 
portfolio and part of it.  
Credit risk is monitored, among other things, on the basis of the following areas of analysis:  
• 
growth of the loans portfolio and individual segments thereof;  
• 
credit quality of the portfolio and its changes (based on the assigned rating, allocation 
stage, classification, time, etc.);  
• 
non-performing loans (amount, portion, coverage rate, recoverability rate etc.);  
• 
impairment losses (of performing and non-performing loans, according to stages under 
IFRS 9 etc.);  
• 
absorption of internal capital (capital at risk) for credit risk and related changes;

--- Page 300 ---
10286974115-v8 
298 
47-41075393 
 
• 
expected credit losses and related changes (for the whole or part of the portfolio and 
for the different segments);  
• 
provision of new loans (solvency, amounts, etc.);  
• 
special lending (amount and portions, changes, solvency, etc.);  
• 
loans characterised by overdue and/or past due payments;  
• 
CRM techniques/provision of guarantees (amount and portions, external estimates, 
capital savings, etc.);  
• 
concentration (accumulation risk, Herfindahl index, sectoral concentration, geographic 
concentration, by credit line, form of collateral, time bands, etc.);  
• 
validation and backtesting of the rating model (portion of positions without rating, back 
revisions, overridings, backtesting of the rating model, of the SICR model for the 
identification of significant credit risk increases at the credit line level and of the 
econometric model);  
• 
call risk (portion of undrawn credit lines);  
• 
stress tests (ICAAP/ILAAP, recovery plan, econometric model for calculating lifetime 
PDs).  
A significant component of the second-level controls in the credit area is represented by the 
quarterly meetings between the Credit Area and the risk management function.  
Credit-related standards are set out in various policies and regulations of the credit, risk 
management and accounting areas, in which the following contents are regulated (although the 
list is not exhaustive):  
• 
strategic objectives;  
• 
objectives for credit risk management;  
• 
organisational aspects;  
• 
operating processes;  
• 
criteria for classifying risk positions;  
• 
methods for the monitoring of credit risk performance;  
• 
methods for managing non-performing loans;  
• 
criteria for the measurement of credit positions and the calculation of impairment losses;  
• 
allocation of decision-making powers in the lending process;  
• 
accounting methods and standards of performing and non-performing exposures.  
In addition, various procedural and methodological descriptions have been formulated for the 
credit area, which are updated on an ongoing basis.  
2.2 
Management, measurement and control systems  
Main steps in the lending process  
The lending process of the Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige varies according to the 
segment of borrowers. Therefore, depending on the segment (retail exposures, loans to 
businesses or specialised lending), there are different lending processes. The data on the loan 
application (requested loan, duration, amount of instalments, amortisation, etc.) are recorded 
electronically by means of a precise credit workflow. In the case of a new transaction, the credit 
process starts with the loan proposal and the documentation to be submitted. The subsequent 
assessment of the applicant's creditworthiness is based on predefined data from external and

--- Page 301 ---
10286974115-v8 
299 
47-41075393 
 
internal sources. In order to limit the financing risk, the Bank also checks whether the potential 
loan is properly structured, whether the type of loan requested is the appropriate financing 
instrument and, finally, whether the equity ratio for the exposure to the customer is appropriate 
in relation to the amount of the loan requested. As part of the decision-making process, the 
borrower's ability to repay was calculated, in addition to the standard credit assessment 
process. This calculation makes it possible to check whether the customer will be able to meet 
its financial commitments, i.e. whether the results achieved or expected will enable the debt to 
be repaid.  
A rating is assigned to each borrower and this task is normally the responsibility of the Credit 
line Analysis sector (except for small loans). During the rating process, the borrowers in the 
loan portfolio are divided into subgroups that are as homogeneous as possible and assigned a 
rating class.  
A fundamental requirement for credit assessment is the determination of solvency, which can 
also be derived from the assigned rating class and the default rate derived from the rating and 
the type of borrower segment. The bank's internal policies provide for the possibility of making 
manual changes to the rating obtained under certain conditions. For this purpose, a special 
override catalogue was defined, which lists the cases in which a manual rating change is 
allowed. However, the ratings assigned can be adjusted up or down by a maximum of two 
levels.  
The potential risk of credit losses is limited by the acquisition of adequate collateral. As a rule, 
mortgages, personal guarantees, liens, savings books and securities of all kinds serve as 
collateral.  
These instruments must comply with the requirements for guarantees covering claims set out 
in the internal policies.  
After assessing the borrower's ability to pay, other factors affecting the borrower and the 
collateral securing the loan, it is possible to form an opinion on the borrower's creditworthiness 
in relation to the loan application. The information gathered is then grouped into a standardised 
assessment file, which is used by the managers to decide whether or not to grant the loan. In 
this context, the system of allocation of decision-making powers defined in internal policies 
applies.  
Other processes  
In addition to the lending process just described, the bank has a number of other procedures 
for analysing creditworthiness, approving, renewing and monitoring loans, etc.  
"Early warning" system  
The activities of the Monitoring and Anomalous Credit Service ensure the continuous and timely 
identification of changes in the solvency of individual borrowers and of significant increases in 
credit risk in accordance with IFRS 9.  
This is an essential prerogative for the timely activation of credit risk management measures 
within the credit process by the relevant corporate functions (e.g. timely enforcement of credit 
guarantees).  
The early warning system used in the credit area is essential for the activities of the credit 
monitoring function. It is based on a series of indicators, which are linked to specific triggers.  
Non-performing exposures are systematically monitored and analysed, and appropriate action 
is taken, which may include reclassification of the underlying positions.

--- Page 302 ---
10286974115-v8 
300 
47-41075393 
 
Disclosure of weightings applied to loans  
Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige applies the provisions introduced by Regulation (EU) 
2020/873 to support SMEs, which provide for a support factor of 76.19% for credit exposures 
up to € 2.5 million and a support factor of 85% for amounts above € 2.5 million.  
With measure no. 1454062/20 of 4 November 2020, the Bank of Italy officially approved the 
Raiffeisen Guarantee Scheme, the first Institutional Protection Scheme (IPS) in Italy. Pursuant 
to this measure, as from 31 December 2020, the members of the Raiffeisen Südtirol IPS 
Cooperative Society (RIPS) can assign a risk weight of zero per cent to loans and receivables 
with member institutions of the Raiffeisen IPS in accordance with Art. 113, paragraph 7 CRR. 
Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige takes advantage of this opportunity.  
Internal provisions and stress tests  
The RAF of the Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige defined a set of indicators and internal 
provisions for the containment and management of credit and concentration risk (loans and 
receivables with customers, exposures to banks and securities). Moreover, within the 
"extended RAF", additional operational provisions are set for Level 3 indicators to limit credit 
risk.  
The development of the above indicators and compliance with the provisions of the RAF are 
constantly monitored by the Credit Area as part of first-level controls and by risk management 
as part of second-level controls. The Board of Directors is informed on a quarterly basis of the 
compliance with the established provisions. As part of the annual risk analysis of the risk 
management, credit and counterparty risks, together with other risks relevant to the bank, are 
subject to a specific risk analysis carried out by risk management at least once a year.  
Credit risk is subject to specific stress tests as part of the ICAAP/ILAAP processes and the 
recovery plan. Moreover, the econometric model (satellite model) described above is used to 
calculate lifetime PD in accordance with IFRS 9.  
With regard to point-in-time and forward-looking stress tests, on the concentration risk by single 
counterparty, the relevant simplified model envisaged by the Bank of Italy in Circular no. 285/13 
is used (plus additional stress factors). On the other hand, the model developed by the Italian 
Banking Association (ABI) (plus additional stress factors) is used for point-in-time and forward-
looking stress testing, in relation to geo-sector concentration risk.  
2.3 
Models for assessing credit risk and expected credit risk  
Impact of the Covid-19 pandemic.  
Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige closely monitored the impact of the Covid-19 
pandemic on lending during the past financial year 2022. Firstly, this was done by promptly 
monitoring the positions of customers who had taken advantage of the various Covid-19-related 
support measures provided by the Italian State, the Autonomous Province of Bolzano, the 
Italian Banking Association and the measures offered by the Bank. In granting the various 
support measures, the repayment capacity of the customers was taken into account and the 
guidelines and suggestions of the EBA, ECB, Bank of Italy and ESMA authorities were followed.  
Models and methods used  
The following models and methods are used to assess the credit risk positions with customers:  
• 
standardised supervisory method for calculating capital requirements for credit risk;  
• 
rating model for assessing risk positions vis-à-vis customers;

--- Page 303 ---
10286974115-v8 
301 
47-41075393 
 
• 
IFRS 9 accounting standard and models used for the purposes of IFRS 9 (e.g. SICR 
model, econometric model to calculate lifetime PD to which scenarios and their 
probabilities of occurrence correspond, which are updated annually, etc.);  
• 
early warning system for the credit area;  
• 
monitoring and evaluation of credit positions at the level of the entire portfolio and part 
of it;  
• 
benchmarking analysis;  
• 
stress tests;  
• 
annual validation of static models;  
• 
risk assessments started in special situations (e.g. in case of abnormal risk 
development).  
• 
the aforementioned second and third level RAF indicators.  
Some of these methods are briefly described below.  
Rating model  
Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige has a rating model that meets the following 
requirements:  
• 
it was prepared on the basis of the default historical data of the Raiffeisen banking 
organisation (Raiffeisen banks and Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige);  
• 
it was developed with the support of external consultants experienced in statistical 
modelling, taking into account statistical techniques reflecting best market practice (e.g. 
using logistic regression to identify and model relevant indicators);  
• 
refers to the default prudential definition;  
• 
enables the assessment of all major segments of the bank's borrowing customers;  
• 
enables the calculation of the expected loss to maturity for exposures allocated to stage 
2 and 3 in accordance with IFRS 9 through the use of additional model parameters and 
internal rating-based modelling;  
• 
includes expectations regarding the development of the macroeconomic environment 
(e.g. economic situation, unemployment) in the calculation of expected losses over the 
residual life of the instrument (ECL lifetime),  
The rating model used at Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige is based on three pillars:  
• 
pillar 1: performance module;  
• 
pillar 2: quantitative module;  
• 
pillar 3: qualitative module.  
The rating is calculated by assigning specific weights to the three pillars, which are defined for 
each segment of borrowing customers.  
Manual changes (overrides) to ratings calculated using the model can only be made by the 
Credit Area, only in justified cases and on the basis of demonstrable objective criteria. It is 
therefore necessary that such changes are properly justified and documented.

--- Page 304 ---
10286974115-v8 
302 
47-41075393 
 
Calculation of expected losses on loans and receivables  
The parameters for calculating expected credit losses are in line with the provisions of IFRS 9. 
Loss given default (LGD) rates are formulated using forward-looking information and have been 
benchmarked to current market standards.  
The lifetime PD calculation for exposures eligible for internal rating models has been updated 
to 30 November 2022. In this, both internal components based on historical default rates (point-
in-time component) and macroeconomic components were considered in order to include 
forward-looking information. The three scenarios used are based on forecasts of relevant 
macroeconomic indicators (e.g. gross domestic product, unemployment rate, interest level or 
inflation) made by the Bank of Italy and the European Banking Authority (EBA) for the years 
2023, 2024 and 2025 (Bank of Italy Macroeconomic Projections September 2022 and, EBA 
stress test 2021 for the definition of stress scenarios).  
For exposures that cannot be rated using the internal rating model due to their characteristics, 
specific PD and LGD parameters are determined that are appropriate to their characteristics 
and risks. Two lifetime PD curves are used to assess these exposures; one was modelled for 
exposures to the government or government agencies, and the other was modelled for all banks 
and other counterparties that cannot be assessed using the internal model.  
Increased PD for vulnerable sectors  
In 2022, the economic context changed dramatically, mainly as a direct and indirect result of 
the war in Ukraine. Energy and commodity prices rose dramatically, leading to a sharp rise in 
inflation. For sectors that are vulnerable to this change in the economic context, including 
private, the level of provisions (impairment losses) was increased from November 2022 through 
specific increases in PD for the first three years of the lifetime PD.  
Quantitative Stage Allocation Model (SICR Model) under IFRS 9  
The quantitative measurement model was updated to monitor changes in credit risk and to 
identify significant increases. This model sets a limit value for each exposure. If this limit value 
is exceeded, the exposure is classified as stage 2. The parameters used to calculate the 
individual limit have been determined using a statistical method (quantile regression) for Private 
and Enterprise customer segments. This model takes into account relevant attributes of the 
credit exposures (e.g. change in PD, age of the exposure, maturity of the credit line). Credit risk 
is compared over the entire life of the exposure using lifetime PD. The model is reviewed 
annually and the benchmarks are updated as necessary.  
The model applies to all products except securities. A simplified model based on changes in 
rating is used for securities.  
2.4 
Credit risk mitigation techniques  
In accordance with the corporate objectives and the credit policy defined by the Board of 
Directors, the most frequently used method of credit risk mitigation (CRM) at Cassa Centrale 
Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige is the acquisition of various types of personal and collateral security.  
Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige has not entered into netting agreements for on- and 
off-statement of financial position transactions and has not entered into any derivative contracts 
to hedge credit risk.  
A portion of the loans of Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige is secured by (normally first) 
mortgages: a deduction is applied to the appraised value of the mortgages and other collateral, 
determined according to the type of collateral acquired. Moreover, a significant portion of the

--- Page 305 ---
10286974115-v8 
303 
47-41075393 
 
loans is secured by personal guarantees, usually sureties issued, as the case may be, by the 
shareholders of the customer enterprises or by persons related to the borrowers. This is also 
accompanied by loans secured by state guarantees (e.g. SACE). The existence of collateral 
also determined the maximum credit line that is granted to a single customer or a group of 
related customers.  
As at 31 December 2022, cash exposures secured by real and personal collateral represented 
55.49% of the total loan portfolio to customers, of which 38.11% was secured by mortgages or 
pledges.  
Loans and receivables with banks are mostly secured by securities (mainly government bonds).  
Residual risk arising from the use of credit risk mitigation techniques is defined as the current 
and future risk of negative impact from mitigation techniques that prove to be less effective and 
appropriate than originally anticipated (e.g. inadequate collateral, difficulty in realising the 
collateral, lack of legal effectiveness).  
Irrespective of the use of CRM techniques pursuant to the regulatory provisions, the relevant 
strategies, guidelines and regulations within Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige are 
aimed at the prudent management of credit risk and normally provide for the acquisition of 
adequate collateral to protect the exposure (see section on credit risk).  
The use of CRM techniques can expose the bank to additional risks (e.g. operational and legal 
risks) which can reduce or eliminate the effectiveness of the original guarantee. As a result, the 
risk exposure may be higher than originally estimated.  
Exposures to banks are mostly collateralised by securities (mainly government bonds). Cassa 
Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige uses CRM techniques for repo transactions, using 
government bonds or government-backed bonds, as well as for guarantees/sureties of local 
authorities.  
CRM techniques are also applied for loans to small and medium-sized enterprises covered by 
a State guarantee (managed by Mediocredito Centrale).  
The bank applies supervisory techniques for mortgage loans to mitigate credit risk (CRM 
techniques). In this regard, special internal regulations were drawn up in which the following 
contents are regulated:  
• 
roles and responsibilities of the competent company officers and functions;  
• 
the control and monitoring activities to be carried out throughout the life of the security 
on property;  
• 
the criteria to be met by the guarantees to be acquired;  
• 
operational standards for checking the general and specific requirements of mortgage 
guarantees.  
In order to monitor the above-mentioned areas, for which CRM techniques are envisaged, 
control schedules have been integrated into the internal datamart. Moreover, the risk 
management function created a specific control area for CRM-related risks in its own tableau 
de bord, which is updated on a quarterly basis. This risk is also dealt with in the risk 
management's annual risk analysis.  
The process of acquisition, processing and management of guarantees is continuously 
monitored. The Credit line Analysis sector monitors the acquisition of guarantees through line 
controls aimed at checking the adequacy of the documentation submitted. The Monitoring and

--- Page 306 ---
10286974115-v8 
304 
47-41075393 
 
Anomalous Credit Service continuously monitors the development of the value of property held 
as collateral and requests that it be updated in cases defined by internal and external 
regulations.  
The standards for the periodic updating of property value estimates are those defined by the 
Italian Banking Association (ABI). The updating of these estimates is based on both statistical 
methods (indexed and at least annual revaluation of properties) and analytical methods 
(valuation carried out by external experts according to standards defined by the bank).  
During second-level controls in the credit area, the risk management function carries out 
specific control activities relating to the correct application of the standards defined for CRM 
techniques.  
3. 
Non-performing loans  
3.1 
Management strategies and policies  
In accordance with supervisory regulations, non-performing loans are divided into the following 
categories:  
• 
bad loans;  
• 
unlikely to pay;  
• 
exposures past due and/or overdue by more than 90 days.  
An individual borrower/counterparty approach is applied to exposures past due and/or overdue 
by more than 90 days. This means that the entire exposure of a borrower must be classified as 
exposures past due and/or overdue by more than 90 days, if one or more credit lines meet the 
criteria for this classification.  
The management of non-performing loans is the responsibility of the Credit Area, which carries 
out the following tasks in this area:  
• 
monitor exposures past due and/or overdue by more than 90 days and unlikely to pay, 
supporting in this the consultants who are in charge of first-level controls;  
• 
take action to restore the regular performance of non-performing exposures;  
• 
propose to the Management or the Board of Directors the return to "performing" 
classification of non-performing exposures, the implementation of restructuring plans, 
the withdrawal of credit lines, and the classification of non-performing exposures.  
Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige pays particular attention to the active management 
of non-performing loans.  
3.2 
Write-off of loans and receivables  
IFRS 9 requires an entity to reduce the gross carrying amount of a financial asset when it has 
no reasonable expectation of recovering the full amount of the asset. In such cases, an 
impairment or write-off of the underlying asset is required.  
The gross carrying amount of a financial asset must be reduced by the amount of the 
impairment loss.  
Financial assets are to be adjusted with respect to their value or derecognised - in whole or in 
part - in the year in which the receivable is classified - in whole or in part - as irrecoverable.

--- Page 307 ---
10286974115-v8 
305 
47-41075393 
 
In accordance with IFRS 9, an impairment loss may be recognised even before enforcement 
proceedings against the debtor have been fully completed. Derecognition does not imply a 
waiver by the bank of its legal right to recover the claim, which is the case with debt forgiveness 
whereby the bank waives its right to repayment.  
In order for the claim to be derecognised, there must be certain and irrefutable elements 
confirming the irrecoverability of the claim. The criteria applicable within Cassa Centrale 
Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige were laid down in internal regulations.  
3.3 
Purchased or originated credit-impaired financial assets  
Purchased or originated credit-impaired financial assets refer to exposures where the credit 
risk is already very high at initial recognition.  
In this area, there are two different types:  
(i) 
instruments or portfolios of non-performing loans purchased on the market (purchased 
credit impaired - PCI);  
(ii) 
credits disbursed by the bank to a customer already classified in stage 3 (originated 
credit impaired – OCI). The credit lines granted under restructuring agreements 
pursuant to Article 182 of the Bankruptcy Law are also classified as OCI, even if granted 
to newly acquired customers.  
The identified OCI transaction will be classified as forborne non-performing if all conditions are 
met. If the cure period of at least one year is exceeded, the transaction may be classified as 
forborne performing in stage 2. Notwithstanding the transition to performing, and even after the 
two-year probation period, the OCI transaction can no longer be allocated to 1, as this 
classification is incompatible with the need for a measurement based on the ECL lifetime.  
Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige started to implement a process to identify POCI when 
the above requirements are met.  
At the end of the reporting period, Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige had no purchased 
or originated credit-impaired financial assets.  
3.4 
Financial assets subject to commercial renegotiations and subject to forbearance 
measures  
Forbearance measures, as defined in the supervisory regulations, are granted to a debtor that 
is experiencing or is about to experience difficulties in meeting its financial commitments 
("financial difficulties"). Therefore, a forbearance measure exists if the bank grants a borrower 
a forbearance to ease its financial difficulties. The classification as a forborne exposure is 
applied at the credit line level.  
Forborne exposures can be divided into:  
(a) 
performing exposures subject to forbearance measures;  
(b) 
non-performing exposures subject to forbearance measures.  
Exposures subject to forbearance measures must, in addition to meeting the requirements 
listed below, remain in the respective category for a specific period of time (cure period for non-
performing exposures and/or probation period for performing exposures). In this context, the 
general principle is that the classification of the debtor and the forborne characteristic of the 
credit line must coincide, so that, for example, if there is a non-performing loan subject to 
forbearance measures, the entire debt position must be classified as non-performing.

--- Page 308 ---
10286974115-v8 
306 
47-41075393 
 
Non-performing exposures subject to forbearance measures  
If an exposure is classified as non-performing, there is no doubt that a financial difficulty exists. 
Accordingly, a forbearance measure granted for a non-performing exposure (or for an exposure 
that would otherwise be classified as non-performing) is always a forbearance measure. An 
exposure classified as forborne non-performing (i.e. non-performing subject to forbearance 
measures) must remain within this category for a cure period of at least one year.  
The expected losses on non-performing loans subject to forbearance measures are determined 
according to the same criteria as for exposures allocated to stage 3.  
Performing exposures subject to forbearance measures  
This type of exposure must be subject to a probation period of at least two years. Non-
performing exposures subject to forbearance measures that have exceeded the cure period 
are classified as performing exposures subject to forbearance measures. However, if 
applicable, the entire debt exposure must be classified as performing. If exposures previously 
classified as non-performing forborne exposures become 30 days past due or are again subject 
to forbearance measures during the two-year test period, they must be reclassified as non-
performing forborne exposures.  
3.5 
Prudential backstop for non-performing loans (calendar provisioning)  
On 26 April 2019, Regulation (EU) 2019/630 of the European Parliament and of the Council 
amending Regulation (EU) 575/2013 with regard to minimum loss coverage on non-performing 
exposures was published in the Official Journal of the European Union. This regulation defined 
the prudential treatment under Pillar I of non-performing loans (NPLs) granted as from 26 April 
2019.  
This new regulation complements the supervisory provisions on non-performing exposures and 
provides for a specific deduction from common equity tier 1 (CET 1) capital for non-performing 
exposures (NPEs) whose coverage level is below the minimum requirements of the supervisory 
regulations.  
The regulation sets out the supervisory authority's quantitative expectations for minimum levels 
of prudential provisioning. This level is calculated on the basis of the period since which the 
loan is classified as non-performing ("vintage") and the presence of any guarantees.  
The term NPE ("non-performing exposure") is an extension of the term NPL ("non-performing 
loan") and therefore includes exposures (loans and receivables and off-statement of financial 
position items) classified as:  
• 
Bad loans  
• 
Unlikely to pay  
• 
Exposures past due and/or overdue by more than 90 days.  
Therefore, in the context of Pillar 1, all exposures (at the individual credit line level) that 
originated as new transactions on or after 26 April 2019 and were subsequently classified as 
"non-performing" are to be considered.  
Exposures incurred prior to this date are excluded from this scheme. However, if an increase 
in an existing loan is arranged at the level of a credit line or if the consolidation of one or more 
loans takes place, the minimum coverage requirements also apply to this new exposure.

--- Page 309 ---
10286974115-v8 
307 
47-41075393 
 
Guarantees have a significant impact on the calculation of the amount of the minimum cover 
required. In this context, only guarantees that are identified in the schemes as eligible for credit 
risk mitigation (CRM) are taken into account.  
The forbearance measures granted allow the bank to apply the minimum coverage ratio in force 
at the time of forbearance for an additional year. However, it should be noted that from the 
following year, the standard percentage of cover will apply if the borrower's exposure continues 
to be classified as non-performing despite the forbearance granted.  
The reporting as at 31 December 2022 on the level of regulatory provisions did not reveal any 
shortfall in the coverage of Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige's non-performing 
exposures (NPE) within the various time horizons. Therefore, no additional amount had to be 
deducted from the common equity tier 1 capital.

--- Page 310 ---
10286974115-v8 
308 
47-41075393 
 
Section 2 - Market Risk  
The sharp rise in the level of interest rates (the reference rate increased several times during 2022) had 
a significant impact on the performance of the bank's HTCS securities portfolio.  
 
2.1 
Interest rate risk and price risk – Regulatory trading book  
According to the supervisory provisions, banks with a trading portfolio of less than 5% of total 
assets and a market value of less than € 50 million in absolute terms are not required to report 
market risks.  
As at 31 December 2022, the Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige held a trading portfolio 
that did not exceed the above-mentioned limits. At the end of the reporting period, financial 
assets and financial derivatives of € 164,014 thousand were recorded in the trading portfolio of 
Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige.  
2.2 
Interest rate risk and price risk - Banking book  
Qualitative information  
A. 
General aspects, management processes and measurement methods for interest 
rate risk and price risk  
Interest rate risk in the banking book (IRRBB) is the current and future risk of adverse effects 
on a bank's earnings and economic value arising from adverse changes in interest rates and 
affecting financial instruments sensitive to those rates. This category includes gap risk, basis 
risk and option risk.  
Interest rate risk management is the responsibility of the Finance Area.  
The identification of interest rate risk in the banking book is carried out by the Risk Management 
function, also with the support of the corporate functions involved in each operational process.  
Interest rate risk is identified:  
• 
as part of risk monitoring (identification of changes in risk and/or exceeding of 
predefined parameters);  
• 
as part of the risk analyses carried out annually for the risk management function's 
annual report, for the RAF and ICAAP (identification of new risks or risks that have 
changed, also with a view to the future);  
• 
as part of occasional analyses carried out when specific risk situations arise 
(identification of new risks, risks that have changed or have not been correctly 
assessed up to that point, possibly also with a view to the future).  
Bank of Italy Circular no. 285/13 and the EBA/GL/2018/02 guidelines of 19 July 2018 require 
banks to use at least one profit-based measure and at least one economic value-based 
measure for measuring and monitoring IRRBB, which together capture all components of 
IRRBB.  
Methods based on economic value make it possible to measure the impact of changes in 
market rates on financial instruments, liabilities and off-statement of financial position 
exposures that are sensitive to such changes. Therefore, these methods assess the impact of 
changes in market rates on the net value of the bank's assets.

--- Page 311 ---
10286974115-v8 
309 
47-41075393 
 
On the other hand, profit-based methods highlight the impact of changes in market rates on the 
bank's future cash flows.  
Accordingly, the risk management function of Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige uses 
two corresponding models to measure the interest rate risk of the banking book:  
• 
model for measuring the potential change in economic value (EV);  
• 
model for measuring the potential change in net interest income (NII).  
The first model is used to measure the potential change in economic value and, at the same 
time, the internal capital (or capital at risk) under Pillar 2, which serves to cover the interest rate 
risk on the banking book.  
For a comprehensive assessment of the interest rate risk in the banking book, Risk 
Management considers the following factors, both in terms of economic value and profit:  
• 
the current and future risk position;  
• 
the change in the risk position or net interest margin over time, also considering their 
future development;  
• 
compliance with current internal and external regulations.  
In order to determine the capital at risk pursuant to the supervisory provisions (with reference 
to stress scenarios), in addition to the standard stress scenario involving a parallel shift of +/-
200 basis points, a number of other scenarios are considered (pursuant to Bank of Italy Circular 
no. 285/13, in which reference is made to the relevant EBA guidelines):  
1: parallel upward shock;  
2: parallel downward shock;  
3: upward shock in short-term interest rates;  
4: downward shock in short-term interest rates;  
5: steepener shock with an increase in the slope of the rate curve (fall in short-term rates and 
rise in long-term interest rates);  
6: flattener shock with flattening of the slope of the rate curve (rise in short-term rates and fall 
in long-term interest rates);  
Moreover, Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige uses two other scenarios:  
7: upward shock in long-term interest rates;  
8: downward shock in long-term interest rates.  
The Risk Management function performs a quarterly assessment of the interest rate risk using 
the two models mentioned above and referring to normal and stress scenarios. Moreover, as 
part of the ICAAP/ILAAP report, interest rate risk is measured with a view to the future, with 
reference to normal and stress scenarios.  
In addition to the models observed so far, the risk management function of Cassa Centrale 
Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige uses other indicators and tools to analyse and assess interest rate 
risk (e.g. bucket sensitivity).  
The interest rate risk under the EV model is limited by RAF indicators (EV risk under stressed 
conditions (taking into account all stress scenarios mentioned above) to stressed Tier 1 capital

--- Page 312 ---
10286974115-v8 
310 
47-41075393 
 
and EV risk following the standard supervisory shock of +/-200 basis points to stressed 
supervisory capital).  
The interest rate risk measured as part of the EV model with reference to normal scenarios 
(based on a 6-year cycle, taking into account the non-negativity condition for customer 
exposures and the minimum variable value for the remaining exposures, as established by the 
EBA in the aforementioned guidelines) amounted as at 31 December 2022, taking into account 
the 99th and 1st percentile (increase and decrease in interest rates, although interest rate 
changes were limited to 2% within the model), to € 37,973 thousand, i.e. 8.84% of capital 
requirements according to supervisory regulations.  
The risk of change in the net interest margin (NII) amounts to € 7,862 thousand in the base 
case scenario in the case of an increase in interest rates and € -1,439 thousand in the case of 
a decrease in interest rates.  
2.3 
Exchange rate risk  
Qualitative information  
A. 
General aspects, management processes and measurement methods for 
currency risk  
The exchange rate risk is measured using the model specifically prescribed by supervisory 
regulations.  
Its measurement is based on the calculation of the "net foreign exchange position", i.e. the 
balance of all assets and liabilities (on-statement of financial position and off-statement of 
financial position) relating to each currency.  
Due to its rather limited foreign currency operations, Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige 
is only marginally exposed to the exchange rate risk. The main sources of exchange rate risk 
are financing and funding in foreign currencies and trading in foreign banknotes.  
Moreover, currency positions held indirectly by the Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige 
through the OEIC units are also included in the net foreign currency position and are recorded 
in the amount of the maximum foreign currency limit set in the respective investment mandates.  
Due to the modest foreign exchange business, Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige does 
not carry out any kind of stress test with regard to this risk.  
Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige constantly endeavours to limit the exchange rate risk.  
Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige monitors the development of exchange rate risk on a 
quarterly basis using a risk table.  
B. 
Exchange rate risk hedging  
The exchange rate risk is hedged by offsetting the currency positions held as much as possible.

--- Page 313 ---
10286974115-v8 
311 
47-41075393 
 
Section 3 - Derivative Instruments and Hedging Policies  
3.1 
Hedge accounting  
Qualitative information  
A. 
Fair value hedges  
As at 31 December 2022, Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige carried out specific fair 
value hedging activities (micro and/or macro hedging).  
Hedging is used to neutralise against changes in the fair value of deposits and loans caused 
by changes in the interest rate curve thereby stabilising the interest margin.  
The main type of hedging instrument used by Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige is the 
interest rate swap (IRS) derivative.  
B. 
Cash flow hedges  
The Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige does not engage in cash flow hedges, i.e. hedges 
against exposure to variations in cash flows associated with variable-rate financial instruments.

--- Page 314 ---
10286974115-v8 
312 
47-41075393 
 
Section 4 - Liquidity Risk  
Qualitative information  
A. 
General aspects, management processes and measurement methods for liquidity risk  
The liquidity situation of the Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige continued to remain at an 
adequate level. The bank is aware of the need to continuously monitor the liquidity situation, especially 
when the various refinancing measures expire and if the European Central Bank's restrictive monetary 
policy continues for a long time.  
In 2022, Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige participated in ECB's refinancing operations as the 
leading bank of the TLTRO III group. In parallel, a further bond issue was prepared and carried out.  
Risk definition and identification, risk factors related to sources of liquidity risk  
Liquidity risk is the present and future risk of failure to meet payment obligations, in whole or in part, 
over various time horizons (liquidity risk strictly speaking). Causes of default can be either the inability 
to obtain liquid assets in the market at reasonable conditions (funding liquidity risk) or the inability to 
liquidate assets (asset liquidity risk). Liquidity risk also includes the risk of being unable to obtain liquidity 
or liquidate assets under normal market conditions (market liquidity risk). Liquidity risk is often correlated 
with other risks and may therefore occur in addition to other types of risk.  
The identification of liquidity risk is closely related to the bank's main strategic processes:  
­ 
finalisation of strategic and operational planning;  
­ 
RAF;  
­ 
ICAAP;  
­ 
ILAAP:  
­ 
Recovery Plan.  
The liquidity risk identification process aims to determine all liquidity risk factors or causes to which the 
bank is exposed and which may have a significant impact on its liquidity position.  
The underlying liquidity risk is determined through specific analyses and assessments, within which two 
macro areas can be distinguished in relation to the time horizon:  
­ 
short-term (or operational) liquidity, which in turn is divided into two sub-areas:  
o 
intraday liquidity, on the basis of which it is possible to measure the bank's ability to balance 
its daily cash inflows and outflows and to ensure adequate liquid resources at all times;  
o 
or short-term liquidity, on the basis of which it is possible to assess the Bank's ability to meet 
its expected and unforeseen payment obligations over a 12-month horizon;  
­ 
structural liquidity, which identifies any liquidity imbalances between assets and liabilities over a 
time horizon of more than one year.  
Main competent bodies and functions  
The main functions responsible for this area and their main tasks are presented below.  
Board of Directors  
As the body with strategic supervisory functions, the Board of Directors is responsible for the following 
tasks:  
­ 
defining and approving strategic guidelines, internal policies and regulations, risk appetite and 
tolerance thresholds of liquidity risk;

--- Page 315 ---
10286974115-v8 
313 
47-41075393 
 
­ 
approving the methods used to measure liquidity risk exposure and the key assumptions 
underlying the stress scenarios;  
­ 
defining the indicators and provisions of the Risk Appetite Framework (RAF) and the Contingency 
Funding Plan;  
As a management body, the Board of Directors also has the following tasks:  
­ 
defining the main lines of the liquidity risk management process and ensuring that it is continuously 
updated;  
­ 
establishing the responsibilities of the corporate functions and structures involved in the liquidity 
risk management process;  
­ 
defining internal information flows aimed to ensure that corporate bodies and control functions are 
fully aware of and manage the factors affecting liquidity risk.  
Management  
The Management, which attends the meetings of the Board of Directors, is responsible for the following 
tasks:  
­ 
proposing the strategic guidelines and policies for managing liquidity risk in concert with the 
Finance Area;  
­ 
communicating the regulations and standards in force within the bank to the company functions 
involved;  
­ 
informing the Board immediately of any deterioration in the Bank's liquidity position.  
Risk management  
The Risk Management function is responsible for the following tasks:  
­ 
defining and proposing to the Board of Directors the factors to be considered for the identification 
of liquidity risk;  
­ 
establishing the methods for defining the liquidity risk exposure;  
­ 
defining the main assumptions underlying the stress scenarios;  
­ 
defining the liquidity risk indicators relevant to the RAF and the corresponding provisions;  
­ 
carrying out liquidity risk analyses from a point-in-time and forward-looking perspective, based on 
normal and stress scenarios;  
­ 
periodically monitoring liquidity risk and compliance with the relevant provisions;  
­ 
periodically preparing liquidity risk reports;  
­ 
notifying the Management and the qualified company functions if operational limits relating to 
liquidity risk are exceeded in order to ensure the activation of the envisaged escalation procedures;  
­ 
proposing, with the involvement of the relevant functions, the corrective actions envisaged in the 
Contingency Funding Plan;  
­ 
preparing and submitting reports on liquidity risk to the competent corporate bodies at least on a 
quarterly basis.  
Finance Area  
The Finance Area is responsible for the following tasks in the area of liquidity risk:  
­ 
monitoring the liquidity position with respect to different time horizons;  
­ 
preparing its own reports on the liquidity position and forwarding them to Management and the 
Risk Management function.

--- Page 316 ---
10286974115-v8 
314 
47-41075393 
 
The Treasury & Funding sector  
This function is responsible for the following tasks in connection with the management of the short-term 
liquidity position:  
­ 
monitoring and managing the liquidity position, daily funding and use of liquidity in accordance with 
defined procedures;  
­ 
accessing and operating on the money markets;  
­ 
monitoring and managing the level of the compulsory reserve established in the supervisory 
regulations (hereinafter also referred to as "ROB");  
­ 
monitoring the system of giro and settlement accounts;  
­ 
monitoring the portfolio of financial instruments that can be used for collateralised lending with the 
European Central Bank or corresponding markets (e.g. MTS);  
­ 
implementing all actions required to ensure compliance with the liquidity indicators envisaged by 
the supervisory regulations.  
As part of the management of the medium- to long-term liquidity position, this function is also 
responsible for:  
­ 
preparing the funding plan to be submitted to the head of the Finance Area for approval and, 
immediately thereafter, to the Board of Directors.  
Liquidity risk management process  
The bank's liquidity risk management process consists of the following steps:  
­ 
risk identification (identification of the main risk factors, internal and external risk sources as well 
as operational activities that expose the bank to liquidity risk);  
­ 
risk analysis (analysis of all major risks and risk factors, definition of risk indicators and models, 
preparation of internal regulations);  
­ 
risk measurement and assessment (measurement/qualitative assessment of the liquidity risk);  
­ 
risk monitoring (continuous monitoring of risks and underlying indicators, control of compliance 
with internal and external regulations and standards, identification of risk trends);  
­ 
risk reporting and disclosure (timely reporting, the preparation and dissemination of which 
facilitates decision-making, consideration of possible changes in the current and future context, 
assessment of possible risk impacts and new opportunities, risk awareness, risk culture);  
­ 
risk management/risk mitigation/related interventions (implementation of actions and their 
documentation).  
The establishment of a risk management process in line with the bank's strategic guidelines is an 
essential prerogative to effectively implement the risk policy defined by the competent bodies.  
Liquidity risk management strategy  
As part of its operations, Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige strives to keep liquidity and 
refinancing risks within appropriate limits. In this context, liquidity risk management is based on the 
following principles:  
­ 
developing liquidity risk management and monitoring processes in accordance with the bank's 
organisational structure and with the aim of clearly defining the responsibilities of the corporate 
bodies and functions involved, as well as in compliance with the provisions of the supervisory body;  
­ 
ensuring the bank's financial balance by measuring and monitoring the short-term (including 
intraday) and medium- to long-term liquidity position, so that:  
o 
the bank can meet its payment obligations, both expected and unexpected, while minimising 
costs;

--- Page 317 ---
10286974115-v8 
315 
47-41075393 
 
o 
an appropriate ratio between medium- to long-term assets and liabilities can be ensured in 
order, on the one hand, to, avoid burdens associated with short-term liquidity sources and, on 
the other hand, to optimise the cost of liquidity funding;  
­ 
establishing a liquidity risk assessment process based on internal and supervisory methods and 
models, carried out with reference to specific points in time and from a forward-looking perspective 
as well as on the basis of normal and stress scenarios;  
­ 
optimising access to markets in order to obtain financial resources, by maintaining an adequate 
degree of solvency of the bank and efficient management of liquidity flows;  
­ 
optimising the management of any internal or external liquidity crises, ensuring adequate and 
promptly effective escalation processes to enable timely action to be taken, also in accordance 
with the provisions of the Contingency Funding Plan.  
The liquidity risk process is regulated by the relevant internal regulations.  
On the other hand, in an additional regulation, Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige defined a 
special Contingency Funding Plan. The latter defines the standards and processes by which the bank's 
liquidity profile can be kept under control, from the early stages of a developing liquidity crisis to the 
onset of a severe liquidity crisis, as well as ensuring the bank's business continuity.  
In addition, the following measures are implemented within the bank:  
­ 
definition and cataloguing of different types of liquidity stress scenarios;  
­ 
definition and monitoring of indicators that - in addition to those already defined within the RAF - 
can identify the occurrence of stress or liquidity stress scenarios in advance;  
­ 
assignment to the relevant corporate bodies, committees and functions of the tasks and 
responsibilities required for the activation and implementation of the measures outlined in the 
Contingency Funding Plan (CFP);  
­ 
identification of potential actions to be taken in the event of a significant deterioration of the bank's 
liquidity position;  
­ 
periodic estimate of the maximum liquidity that can be generated (back-up liquidity) through the 
hypothetical activation of emergency measures.  
Concentration, sources of liquidity  
According to the AMM reporting template "C 67.00.a - concentration of funding by counterparty", the 
main sources of liquidity (>1% of liabilities) are concentrated in Repo transactions, i.e. funding backed 
by securities, although refinancing with the Central Bank accounts for about 80% of these large deposits.  
Stress scenarios  
Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige analyses various stress scenarios with respect to liquidity risk, 
i.e. with regard to intraday liquidity risk, short-term liquidity risk and structural liquidity risk. Stress 
scenarios take into account both idiosyncratic and systemic risk factors. The results of the stress 
scenario analyses are used to calibrate the provisions of the RAF.  
ALM application  
Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige has an ALM application conforming to industry best practice 
that enables it to monitor the development of its liquidity position and the underlying liquidity risk in a 
timely manner. Alongside this, Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige adopted its own risk table, 
which is updated weekly and contains all relevant liquidity risk indicators.  
Availability and liquidity position  
The liquidity position of Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige is stable:

--- Page 318 ---
10286974115-v8 
316 
47-41075393 
 
­ 
issue of bonds of € 40 million and two further issues of €6 million each in autumn 2022 to strengthen 
the medium- to long-term liquidity position;  
­ 
LCR values of >145%;  
­ 
participation in the European Central Bank's TLTRO III operations in the amount of € 2,170,350 
thousand;  
­ 
NSFR value as at 31 December 2022 of 108.961%;  
­ 
concentration risk under AMM reporting;  
­ 
since the end of 2020, Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige has also been using the "ABACO" 
portfolio to further strengthen its liquidity position;  
­ 
The fact that several Raiffeisen banks also use the "ABACO" portfolio has positive effects on the 
liquidity position of the entire Raiffeisen banking organisation;  
­ 
The bank's survival period according to the RAF indicator "Survival period (short-term liquidity)" is 
more than three months;  
­ 
the bank's liquidity reserve consists mainly of high quality liquid assets.

--- Page 319 ---
10286974115-v8 
317 
47-41075393 
 
Section 5 - Operational Risk  
The Covid-19 pandemic also led to changes in the working environment, e.g. increased use of home 
office work and remote meetings.  
In cooperation with IT service provider RIS SCRL, the technical conditions for video conferencing were 
optimised and measures were implemented to improve remote digital collaboration with customers.  
Qualitative information  
A. 
General aspects, management processes and measurement methods for operational 
risk  
Operational risk is the present and future risk of adverse impact due to the inadequacy or inefficiency 
of procedures, human resources and internal systems or external events. This definition also includes 
legal risks but not strategic or reputational risks.  
Operational risk is clearly distinguished from other risks:  
­ 
it is a risk that often manifests itself at the level of an individual company;  
­ 
operational risks can occur across all areas of Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige;  
­ 
there is no central correlation between risk and income, i.e. an increase in operational risk does 
not generally lead to an increase in income;  
­ 
the risks underlying operational risk and the risk factors underlying the sub-risks are very 
heterogeneous;  
­ 
with regard to operational risk, there is often poorly documented or inconsistent historical data;  
­ 
operational risk is often difficult to manage and measure;  
­ 
in most cases, operational risks are not taken consciously.  
Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige uses the following tools to identify, analyse and assess 
operational risk:  
­ 
the results of the internal audit relevant for operational risk;  
­ 
database for the identification and analysis of harmful events;  
­ 
self-assessments regarding risks and controls and analysis of different scenarios (primarily on IT 
risk and business continuity risk related to IT risk);  
­ 
definition of operational processes;  
­ 
risk and performance indicators;  
­ 
other activities for the identification and assessment of operational risks (e.g. external benchmark 
analyses, preparation, monitoring and implementation of action plans).  
Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige determines the capital requirement for operational risk using 
the basic indicator approach. This method refers to the "relevant indicator" for the quantification of this 
capital requirement.  
The latter is 15 % of the three-year average of the relevant indicator (see Article 316 CRR).  
The systematic identification of harmful events related to operational risk is a fundamental prerogative 
for the sound analysis and assessment of risks as they manifest themselves, and for the subsequent 
identification of appropriate control measures. Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige has therefore 
created a database of harmful events in order to identify the circumstances that give rise to operational 
risks, and to analyse and assess the related risk exposures. In 2022, losses incurred due to operational 
risks amounted to less than 0.001% of the financial statement total.  
Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige has a Business Continuity Plan in place to protect it from 
crisis events that could disrupt normal operations. In this regard, the operational procedures to be

--- Page 320 ---
10286974115-v8 
318 
47-41075393 
 
adopted in the crisis scenarios considered were formalised and the roles and responsibilities of the 
various players involved were defined. The aforementioned plan also includes the Disaster Recovery 
Plan, which establishes the technical and organisational measures to be taken in the event of the 
unavailability of the information systems, even where the data processing activity has been assigned 
to a third party. The business continuity plan is reviewed annually and, if deemed appropriate, adjusted 
accordingly.  
Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige has defined its risk appetite for operational risk in the Risk 
Appetite Framework.  
Other risks closely related to operational risk  
Legal risk  
Operational risks also include legal risks (including behavioural risk). 
Pending legal proceedings  
At the end of 2022, Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige had pending legal proceedings. These 
are two cases concerning the intermediation of financial products and one case concerning the 
interpretation of contractual terms. The quantification of these risks was estimated at € 315,000.  
ICT risk (information and communication technology risk)  
The operations of Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige are to a large extent dependent on IT 
systems. Information and communication technology risk (ICT risk) and business continuity risk are a 
subcategory of operational risk. In addition to its more direct impact (e.g. process interruption, loss of 
data, etc.), the latter can also give rise to compliance, reputational and strategic risks. ICT risk and 
business continuity risk are probably the most important high-frequency, low-impact risks for companies 
for whom technology and digitalisation are critical to the success of their business models. Such risks 
are rarely serious and may never occur. However, if these risks materialise, they can be very damaging, 
even to the point of undermining the company's existence and significantly damaging its reputation. A 
malfunctioning computer system can be very costly and, if the problem persists for a long time, can 
result in a significant loss of profit or, if inadequate precautions have been taken, can even threaten the 
very existence of the company. However, this risk can take many different forms. For example, a bank 
that does not invest sufficiently in new technologies may find itself excluded from the market in the 
medium to long term, as its competitors may offer better and higher quality services or have more 
automated processes. In addition, if a bank's software is not properly analysed and a flaw goes 
undetected for a long time, it can result in high costs and/or loss of reputation.  
In addition to availability, the fundamental objectives of computer security include ensuring the 
confidentiality of important data, protection against manipulation, the ability to trace an action back to 
its originator, and the evidential value of data and computer-protected virtual operations and processes.  
Investments are made to achieve these IT security objectives. These costs include hardware and 
software costs, installation costs and other operating costs. The added value results in the reduction of 
IT risk and the reduction of workload through the rationalisation of work processes.  
Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige, also through its consortium IT service provider RIS SCRL, 
implemented systems and processes to ensure that the following basic IT security requirements are 
met on an ongoing basis:  
­ 
Availability: The availability of a computer system or service is the degree to which it can be used 
without time constraints. The information is also only available and usable by authorised persons 
at defined times and with defined procedures.

--- Page 321 ---
10286974115-v8 
319 
47-41075393 
 
­ 
Confidentiality: The confidentiality of an IT service represents the degree to which the data to be 
protected is not accessible, i.e. only authorised persons have access to such data.  
­ 
Integrity: The integrity of an IT service is the level of protection of data against unauthorised 
changes, i.e. data cannot be modified or deleted by unauthorised persons. However, even 
authorised persons cannot accidentally change data;  
­ 
Authenticity: Authenticity is the degree to which data and changes can be attributed to their author. 
Authenticity means security in case of revision. This means that the IT service must be able to 
trace all significant operations, in particular with regard to the persons who carried them out.  
­ 
Binding nature: Binding nature is the extent to which changes and declarations of intent made 
electronically have evidential value.  
Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige is responsible for the ICT system it uses, even in the case of 
full outsourcing. Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige uses the organised and consortium data 
processing centre of the Raiffeisen Südtirol IPS cooperative (RIPS), i.e. RIS SCRL. There is an 
agreement with this company for the provision of IT services. Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige 
also uses key network services provided by Konverto S.p.A. The analysis and assessment of the risks 
related to the IT services outsourced by Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige are carried out by 
the risk management of RIS SCRL and Konverto S.p.A. The relevant information is provided to Cassa 
Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige on a regular basis.  
With regard to information and communication technology risks, the RIPS system assumes that they 
should generally be avoided or kept to a minimum. Therefore, the RIPS system takes a restrictive 
approach to information and communication technology risk and the related business continuity risk;  
This means that the risk appetite of the RIPS system is low in relation to IT and continuity risk. RIS 
SCRL takes all necessary measures to minimise IT risks and to avoid as far as possible any 
malfunctions or interruptions of IT services, as well as security problems and incidents.  
As part of ICT (information, communication, technology) risks, the EBA (European Banking Authority) 
identifies the following risk categories within its SREP (Supervisory Review and Evaluation Process) 
framework, which aims, among other things, to monitor key indicators, analyse the business model and 
assess capital and liquidity risks, as well as banks' own funds and liquidity availability:  
• 
ICT availability and continuity risk;  
• 
ICT security risk;  
• 
ICT change risk, understood as the process of adaptation;  
• 
ICT data integrity risk;  
• 
ICT outsourcing risk.  
All IT risk assessments by RIS SCRL take this categorisation into account, so that the results can be 
directly adopted by the banks using RIS SCRL's IT services.  
In addition, Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige relies on the ISAE 3402 Type II certification carried 
out annually by RIS SCRL to analyse and assess the risks related to IT services.  
To ensure continuous improvement of IT security, known security issues and reported technical 
deficiencies are dealt with in a transparent manner.  
The IT-risk management team is responsible for handling security issues and reported technical 
shortcomings.  
The general and specific measures required by Bank of Italy Circular no. 285/2013 for the protection of 
information and ICT resources (Chapter 4 -The Information System, Section IV -The Management of 
Information Security, 3. The Security of Information and ICT Resources) were implemented in 
accordance with the relevant regulations.

--- Page 322 ---
10286974115-v8 
320 
47-41075393 
 
Reputational risk  
Reputational risk is the present and future danger of negative effects resulting from damage to the 
image of Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige. In general, reputational risk arises simultaneously 
with and as a consequence of other risks and can amplify other risks, in extreme cases creating a 
snowball effect.  
Reputational risk is one of those risks that are difficult or impossible to quantify. Consequently, the 
measurement and assessment of this risk is carried out through the monitoring of risk indicators, the 
analysis of accidents related to operational risk that affect the image, and qualitative assessments. 
Analyses of different scenarios can be used to assess reputational risk with a view to the future.  
Reputational risk can be managed by effectively managing the other risks.  
The number of customer complaints at Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige continues to be very 
low, which means that this risk can be classified as extremely low.  
The following measures, which are part of Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige's internal best 
practice, serve to effectively counter the occurrence of reputational risks:  
entry into new lines of business or new markets is made only after careful analysis of the market 
characteristics and underlying risks;  
when entering new areas of activity or new markets, but also in the carrying-out of the current business, 
compliance with ethical and moral principles (set out in the code of ethics/behaviour) takes precedence 
over the pursuit of profit maximisation;  
any activity or transaction that exposes Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige to an unquantifiable 
risk is disregarded in advance.  
In 2022, Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige recorded four customer complaints.

--- Page 323 ---
10286974115-v8 
321 
47-41075393 
 
Part E - Information on risks and related hedging policies  
 
Section 1 - Credit risk  
 
A. Credit quality 
A.1 
Non-performing and performing loans: carrying amounts, impairment losses, trend, 
business distribution  
A.1.1 Distribution of financial assets by portfolio and credit quality (carrying amounts)  
Portfolio/Quality 
Bad 
loans 
Unlikely to 
pay 
Past due 
non-
performing 
loans 
Past due 
performing 
loans 
Other 
performing 
loans 
Total 
1. Financial assets measured at 
amortised cost  
2,883 
34,741 
67 
16,394 
5,062,541 
5,116,625 
2. Financial assets measured at fair 
value through other comprehensive 
income  
- 
- 
- 
- 
413,838 
413,838 
3. financial assets designated at fair 
value  
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
4. Other financial assets mandatorily 
measured at fair value  
- 
- 
- 
- 
408 
408 
5. Financial assets held for sale  
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Total 31/12/2022 
2,883 
34,741 
67 
16,394 
5,476,787 
5,530,870 
Total 31/12/2021 
2,298 
30,103 
374 
18,089 
5,830,815 
5,881,680

--- Page 324 ---
10286974115-v8 
322 
47-41075393 
 
A.1.2 Distribution of financial assets by portfolio and credit quality (gross amount and carrying 
amount)  
Portfolio/Quality 
Non-performing 
Performing 
 
Gross 
exposure 
Total 
impairment 
losses 
Net 
exposure 
Total 
partial 
write-offs 
Gross 
exposure 
Total 
impairment 
losses 
Net 
exposure 
Total (net 
exposure) 
1. Financial assets 
measured at 
amortised cost  
76,465 
38,775 
37,690 
- 
5,098,724 
19,789 5,078,935 
5,116,625 
2. Financial assets 
measured at fair value 
through other 
comprehensive 
income  
- 
- 
- 
- 
414,016 
178 
413,838 
413,838 
3. financial assets 
designated at fair 
value  
- 
- 
- 
- 
X 
X 
- 
- 
4. Other financial 
assets mandatorily 
measured at fair value  
- 
- 
- 
- 
X 
X 
408 
408 
5. Financial assets 
held for sale  
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Total 31/12/2022 
76,465 
38,775 
37,690 
- 
5,512,740 
19,968 5,493,180 
5,530,870  
Total 31/12/2021 
65,675 
32,900 
32,775 
- 
5,733,216 
16,713 5,848,905 
5,881,680 
 
Portfolio/Quality 
Assets with a clear poor credit quality 
Other assets 
Accumulated losses 
Net exposure 
Net exposure 
1. Financial assets held for trading  
- 
- 
6,047 
2. Hedging derivatives  
- 
- 
1,343 
Total 31/12/2022 
- 
- 
7,389 
Total 31/12/2021 
- 
- 
1,412

--- Page 325 ---
10286974115-v8 
323 
47-41075393 
 
 
A.1.3 Distribution of financial assets by past due brackets (carrying amounts) 
 
Stage 1 
Stage 2 
Stage 3 
purchased or originated 
credit-impaired 
Portfolios/risk 
stages 
From 1 day to 
30 days 
From 30 days 
to 90 days 
Beyond 90 
days 
Up to 30 days 
From 30 days 
to 90 days 
Beyond 90 
days 
Up to 30 days 
From 30 days 
to 90 days 
Beyond 90 
days 
Up to 30 days 
From 30 days 
to 90 days 
Beyond 90 
days 
1. Financial assets 
measured 
at 
amortised cost  
11,979 
- 
- 
3,971 
442 
1 
3,201 
415 10,796 
- 
- 
77 
2. Financial assets 
measured 
at 
fair 
value through other 
comprehensive 
income  
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
3. Financial assets 
held for sale  
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Total 31/12/2022 11,979 
- 
- 
3,971 
442 
1 
3,201 
415 10,796 
- 
- 
77 
Total 31/12/2021  
9,231 
- 
- 
5,737 
2,941 
181 
5,473 
360 
6,225 
- 
- 
-

--- Page 326 ---
10286974115-v8 
324 
47-41075393 
 
 
A.1.4 Financial assets, commitments to disburse funds and financial guarantees given: trend in 
total impairment losses and in total provisions  
reasons/risk stages 
 
Total impairment losses 
Assets included in stage 1 
 
Assets included in stage 2 
 
Assets included in stage 3 
 
Assets with central banks 
Financial assets measured at amortised cost 
Financial assets measured at fair value through other 
comprehensive income 
Financial assets held for sale 
of which: individual impairment 
of which: collective impairment 
Assets with central banks 
Financial assets measured at amortised cost 
Financial assets measured at fair value through other 
comprehensive income
Financial assets held for sale 
of which: individual impairment 
of which: collective impairment 
Assets with central banks 
Financial assets measured at amortised cost 
Financial assets measured at fair value through other 
comprehensive income
Financial assets held for sale 
of which: individual impairment 
of which: collective impairment 
Opening total impairment losses  
- 
8,032 
296 
- (47) 
9,187 
- 
8,385 
- 
- (384) 
9,038 
- 
32,900 
- 
- 
47,723 (14,599) 
Increases from purchased or originated financial assets  
105 
2,588 
49 
- 
- 
2,742 
- 
167 
- 
- 
- 
167 
- 
3,037 
- 
- 
2,802 
235 
Derecognitions other than write-offs 
(750) 
(515) 
(56) 
- 
- (1,321) 
- 
(163) 
- 
- 
- 
(163) 
- 
(125) 
- 
- 
- 
(125) 
net impairment losses for credit risk (+/-) 
(117) (1,916) (111) 
- 
- (2,144) 
- 
3,278 
- 
- 
- 
3,278 
- 
3,949 
- 
- 
7,414 
(3,465) 
Amendments to contracts without derecognition 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
(6) 
- 
- 
- 
(6) 
- 
(3) 
- 
- 
- 
(3) 
Changes in the estimation method 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Write-off 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
(30) 
- 
- 
- 
(30) 
Other changes 
- 
844 
- 
- (18) 
861 
- 
(782) 
- 
- (255) 
(527) 
- (7,253) 
- 
- (3,629) 
(3,624) 
Closing balance  
(762) 
9,033 
178 
- (65) 
9,325 
- 10,879 
- 
- (639) 11,787 
- 
32,474 
- 
- 
54,310 (21,612) 
Recoveries from collections on financial assets subject to write-off  
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Write-offs recognised directly in profit or loss 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
-

--- Page 327 ---
10286974115-v8 
325 
47-41075393 
 
A.1.5 Financial assets, commitments to disburse funds and financial guarantees given: 
transfers between different stages of credit risk (gross and nominal amounts)  
Portfolios/risk stages 
Gross amounts/nominal amount 
Transfers from stage 1 
to stage 2 
Transfers from stage 2 
to stage 3 
Transfers from stage 
1 to stage 3 
From stage 1 to 
stage 2 
From stage 2 to 
stage 1 
From stage 2 to 
stage 3 
From stage 3 to 
stage 2 
From stage 1 to 
stage 3 
From stage 3 to 
stage 1 
1. Financial assets measured at amortised 
cost 
98,213 
31,325 
12,754 
2,737 
9,899 
- 
2. Financial assets measured at fair value 
through other comprehensive income 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
3. Financial assets held for sale 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
4. Commitments to disburse funds and 
financial guarantees given 
27,060 
24,505 
425 
406 
736 
- 
Total 31/12/2022 
125,272 
55,830 
13,179 
3,144 
10,635 
- 
Total 31/12/2021 
89,580 
25,899 
9,763 
- 
17,294 
32 
 
A.1.5a Loans subject to Covid-19 support measures: transfers between different stages of credit 
risk:  
 
Transfers from stage 1 
to stage 2 
Transfers from stage 2 
to stage 3 
Transfers from stage 1 
to stage 3 
From stage 1 to 
stage 2 
From stage 2 to 
stage 1 
From stage 2 to 
stage 3 
From stage 3 to 
stage 2 
From stage 1 to 
stage 3 
From stage 3 to 
stage 1 
A. Financial assets measured at 
amortised cost 
7,864 
6,107 
2,317 
1,741 
2,688 
- 
A.1 GL-compliant forborne loans 
3,467 
4,929 
 
1,741 
604 
- 
A.2 existing moratorium measures that no 
longer comply with the GL and are not 
considered as forborne  
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
A.3 other forborne loans 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
A.4 new loans 
4,397 
1,178 
2,137 
- 
2,083 
- 
B. Loans measured at fair value through 
other comprehensive income 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
B.1 GL-compliant forborne loans 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
B.2 existing moratorium measures that no 
longer comply with the GL and are not 
considered as forborne 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
B.2 Other forborne loans  
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
B.3 new loans  
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Total 31/12/2022 
7,864 
6,107 
2,317 
1,741 
2,688 
- 
Total 31/12/2021 
13,053 
25 
3,632 
143 
1,000  
-

--- Page 328 ---
10286974115-v8 
326 
47-41075393 
 
A.1.6 On and off-statement of financial position credit exposures with banks: gross amount and 
carrying amount 
Type of exposure/Amounts 
Gross exposure 
Total impairment losses and total 
provisions 
Net 
exposure 
Total 
partial 
write-offs* 
 
Stage 1 
Stage 2 
Stage 3 
Purchased or 
originated credit-
impaired 
 
Stage 1 
Stage 2 
Stage 3 
Purchased or 
originated credit-
impaired 
A. ON-STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION 
CREDIT EXPOSURES  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
A.1 AT SIGHT 
305,968 
305,968 
- 
- 
- 
165 
165 
- 
- 
- 
305,802 
- 
a) Non-performing 
- 
X 
- 
- 
- 
- 
X 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
b) Performing 
305,968 
305,968 
- 
X 
- 
165 
165 
- 
X 
- 
305,802 
- 
A.2 OTHER 
2,311,994 
2,311,994 
- 
- 
- 
1,240 
1,240 
- 
- 
 
2,310,754 
 
a) Bad loans 
- 
X 
- 
- 
- 
- 
X 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
-of which: forbearance exposures 
- 
X 
- 
- 
- 
- 
X 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
b) Unlikely to pay 
- 
X 
- 
- 
- 
- 
X 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
-of which: forbearance exposures 
- 
X 
- 
- 
- 
- 
X 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
c) Past due non-performing loans 
- 
X 
- 
- 
- 
- 
X 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
-of which: forbearance exposures 
- 
X 
- 
- 
- 
- 
X 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
d) Past due performing loans 
- 
- 
- 
X 
- 
- 
- 
- 
X 
- 
- 
- 
-of which: forbearance exposures 
- 
- 
- 
X 
- 
- 
- 
- 
X 
- 
- 
- 
e) Other performing loans 
2,311,994 
2,311,994 
- 
X 
- 
1,240 
1,240 
- 
X 
- 
2,310,754 
- 
-of which: forbearance exposures 
- 
- 
- 
X 
- 
- 
- 
- 
X 
- 
- 
- 
TOTAL (A) 
2,617,962 
2,617,962 
- 
- 
- 
1,405 
1,405 
- 
- 
 
2,616,556 
 
B. OFF-STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION 
CREDIT EXPOSURES 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
a) Non-performing 
- 
X 
- 
- 
- 
- 
X 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
b) Performing 
1,003,943 
995,536 
- 
X 
- 
299 
299 
- 
X 
- 
1,003,643 
- 
TOTAL (B) 
1,003,943 
995,536 
- 
- 
- 
299 
299 
- 
- 
- 
1,003,643 
 
TOTAL (A+B) 
3,621,904 
3,613,498 
- 
- 
- 
1,705 
1,705 
- 
- 
- 
3,620,200

--- Page 329 ---
10286974115-v8 
327 
47-41075393 
 
A.1.7 On and off-statement of financial position credit exposures with customers: gross amount 
and carrying amount 
Type of exposure/Amounts 
Gross exposure 
Total impairment losses and total 
provisions 
Net 
exposure 
Total partial 
write-offs* 
 
Stage 1 
Stage 2 
Stage 3 
Purchased or 
originated credit-
impaired
 
Stage 1 
Stage 2 
Stage 3 
Purchased or 
originated credit-
i
i
d
A. 
ON-STATEMENT 
OF 
FINANCIAL 
POSITION CREDIT EXPOSURES  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
a) Bad loans 
10,853 
X 
- 
8,646 
2,207 
7,971 
X 
- 
5,841 2,130 
2,883 
- 
-of which: forbearance exposures 
- 
X 
- 
- 
- 
- 
X 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
b) Unlikely to pay 
65,536 
X 
- 55,235 10,301 30,795 
X 
- 26,771 4,025 
34,741 
- 
-of which: forbearance exposures 
27,125 
X 
- 25,026 
2,009 12,836 
X 
- 12,297 
539 
14,289 
- 
c) Past due non-performing loans 
76 
X 
- 
76 
- 
9 
X 
- 
9 
- 
67 
- 
-of which: forbearance exposures 
- 
X 
- 
- 
- 
- 
X 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
d) Past due performing loans 
16,788 
12,326 
4,462 
X 
- 
394 
124 
270 
X 
- 
16,394 
- 
-of which: forbearance exposures 
2,031 
- 
2,031 
X 
- 
147 
- 
147 
X 
- 
1,884 
- 
e) Other performing loans 
3,184,366 2,940,652 243,109 
X 
198 18,334 7,701 10,609 
X 
24 
3,166,033 
- 
-of which: forbearance exposures 
83,245 
- 
83,245 
X 
- 
3,476 
- 
3,476 
X 
- 
79,770 
- 
TOTAL (A) 3,277,619 2,952,978 247,571 63,957 12,706 57,503 7,825 10,879 32,620 6,178 
3,220,116 
- 
B. 
OFF-STATEMENT 
OF 
FINANCIAL 
POSITION CREDIT EXPOSURES 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
a) Non-performing 
11,526 
X 
- 
6,083 
5,443 
1,792 
X 
- 
1,239 
553 
9,734 
- 
b) Performing 
818,993 
775,036 
43,825 
X 
130 
1,123 
823 
298 
X 
2 
817,870 
- 
TOTAL (B) 
830,519 
775,036 
43,825 
6,083 
5,573 
2,915 
823 
298 
1,239 
554 
827,604 
- 
TOTAL (A+B) 4,108,138 3,728,014 291,395 70,040 18,279 60,418 8,648 11,177 33,859 6,733 
4,047,720 
-

--- Page 330 ---
10286974115-v8 
328 
47-41075393 
 
A.1.7a On-statement of financial position credit exposures with customers subject to Covid-19 
support measures: gross amount and carrying amount  
Type of exposure/Amounts 
Gross exposure 
Total impairment losses and total 
provisions 
Net 
exposure 
Total 
partial 
write-
offs* 
 
Stage 1 
Stage 2 
Stage 3 
Purchased or 
originated credit-
i
i
d
 
Stage 1 
Stage 2 
Stage 3 
Purchased or 
originated credit-
impaired 
A. Bad loans 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
a) GL-compliant forborne loans 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
b) existing moratorium measures that no longer comply 
with the GL and are not considered as forborne 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
c) other forborne loans 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
d) new loans 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
B. Unlikely to pay loans 
9,893 
- 
- 9,893 
- 4,210 
- 
- 4,210 
- 
(5,683) 
- 
a) GL-compliant forborne loans 
604 
- 
- 
604 
- 
125 
- 
- 
125 
- 
(480) 
- 
b) existing moratorium measures that no longer comply 
with the GL and are not considered as forborne 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
c) other forborne loans 
3,870 
- 
- 3,870 
- 2,722 
- 
- 2,722 
- 
(1,148) 
 
d) new loans 
5,419 
- 
- 5,419 
- 1,363 
- 
- 1,363 
- 
(4,056) 
 
C. Past due non-performing loans 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
a) GL-compliant forborne loans 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
b) existing moratorium measures that no longer comply 
with the GL and are not considered as forborne 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
c) other forborne loans 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
d) new loans 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
D. Past due performing loans 
146 
127 
19 
- 
- 
4 
3 
1 
- 
- 
(142) 
- 
a) GL-compliant forborne loans 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
b) existing moratorium measures that no longer comply 
with the GL and are not considered as forborne 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
c) other forborne loans 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
d) new loans 
146 
127 
19 
- 
- 
4 
3 
1 
- 
- 
(142) 
- 
E. Performing loans 
154,688 
127,456 
27,232 
- 
- 2,179 472 1,707 
- 
- 
(152,509) 
- 
a) GL-compliant forborne loans 
93,249 
77,223 
16,026 
- 
- 1,572 311 1,261 
- 
- 
(91,677) 
- 
b) existing moratorium measures that no longer comply 
with the GL and are not considered as forborne 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
c) other forborne loans 
5,759 
- 
5,759 
- 
- 
242 
- 
242 
- 
- 
(5,517) 
- 
d) new loans 
55,680 
50,233 
5,447 
- 
- 
365 161 
204 
- 
- 
(55,315) 
- 
Total (A+B+C+D+E) 
164,727 
127,583 
27,251 9,893 
- 6,393 475 1,708 4,210 
- 
(158,334) 
-

--- Page 331 ---
10286974115-v8 
329 
47-41075393 
 
A.1.9 On-statement of financial position credit exposures with customers: gross non-performing 
loans 
Causes/Quality 
Bad loans 
Unlikely to pay 
Past due non-
performing 
loans 
A. Opening gross exposure  
11,836 
53,386 
453 
-of which: exposures transferred and not cancelled 
- 
- 
- 
B. Increases  
7,997 
30,266 
284 
B.1 transfers from performing loans  
- 
24,775 
283 
B.2 transfers from purchased or originated credit-
impaired financial assets  
- 
- 
- 
B.3 transfers from other categories of non-performing 
loans  
6,141 
211 
- 
B.4 amendments to contracts without derecognition  
- 
- 
- 
B.5 other increases  
1,856 
5,280 
1 
C. Decreases  
8,979 
20,207 
235 
C.1 transfers to performing loans  
1,509 
3,148 
- 
C.2 write-off  
1,674 
- 
- 
C.3 collections  
4,520 
10,123 
23 
C.4 gains on sales  
976 
- 
- 
C.5 losses on sale  
299 
- 
- 
C.6 transfers to other categories of non-performing loans  
- 
6,141 
211 
C.7 amendments to contracts without derecognition  
- 
- 
- 
C.8 other decreases  
- 
795 
2 
D. Closing gross exposure  
10,853 
63,445 
501 
-of which: exposures transferred and not cancelled  
- 
- 
-

--- Page 332 ---
10286974115-v8 
330 
47-41075393 
 
A.1.9 bis On-statement of financial position credit exposures with customers: gross forborne 
exposures broken down by credit quality 
Causes/Quality 
Non-performing 
forbearance exposures 
Other forbearance 
exposures 
A. Opening gross exposure  
29,759 
97,191 
-of which: exposures transferred and not cancelled  
- 
- 
B. Increases  
5,831 
10,827 
B.1 transfers from performing non-forborne exposures  
- 
6,423 
B.2 transfers from performing forborne exposures  
4,055 
X 
B.3 transfers from non-performing forborne exposures  
X 
3,543 
B.4 transfers from non-performing non-forborne exposures  
1,563 
- 
B.5 other increases  
213 
861 
C. Decreases  
8,135 
21,216 
C.1 transfers to performing non-forborne exposures  
X 
155 
C.2 transfers to performing forborne exposures  
3,543 
X 
C.3 transfers to non-performing forborne exposures  
X 
4,055 
C.4 write-off  
- 
- 
C.5 collections  
4,524 
13,089 
C.6 gains on sales  
- 
- 
C.7 losses on sale  
- 
3,691 
C.8 other decreases  
67 
226 
D. Closing gross exposure  
27,455 
86,802 
-of which: exposures transferred and not cancelled  
- 
-

--- Page 333 ---
10286974115-v8 
331 
47-41075393 
 
A.1.11 On-statement of financial position non-performing credit exposures with customers: total 
impairment losses 
Causes/Categories 
Bad loans 
Unlikely to pay 
Past due non-performing 
loans 
Total 
of which: 
 forbearance 
exposures 
Total 
of which: 
forbearance 
exposures 
Total 
of which: 
forbearance 
exposures 
A. Opening total impairment losses 
9,538 
1,199 
23,283 
11,165 
79 
76 
-of which: exposures transferred and 
not cancelled  
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
B. Increases 
5,626 
- 
16,627 
4,325 
16 
7 
B.1 impairment losses from purchased 
or originated credit-impaired financial 
assets 
164 
X 
2,709 
X 
- 
X 
B.2 other impairment losses 
1,589 
- 
13,177 
4,077 
9 
- 
B.3 losses on sale 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
-  
B.4 transfers from other categories of 
non-performing loans 
1,936 
- 
10 
7 
- 
-  
B.5 amendments to contracts without 
derecognition 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
-  
B.6 other increases 
1,936 
- 
731 
241 
7 
7 
C. Decreases 
5,383 
1,325 
8,991 
3,768 
10 
7 
C.1 reversals of impairment losses due 
to valuation 
557 
41 
2,946 
1,583 
- 
- 
C.2 reversals of impairment losses due 
to collections 
2,222 
1,285 
3,292 
169 
- 
- 
C.3 gains on sale 
631 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
C.4 write-off  
1,674 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
C.5 transfers to other categories of 
non-performing loans 
- 
- 
1,936 
1,405 
10 
7 
C.6 amendments to contracts without 
derecognition 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
C.7 other decreases 
299 
- 
817 
611 
- 
- 
D. Closing total impairment losses 
9,780 
(126) 
30,919 
11,722 
85 
76 
-of which: exposures transferred and 
not cancelled 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
-

--- Page 334 ---
10286974115-v8 
332 
47-41075393 
 
A.2 
Classification of exposures based on internal and external ratings  
The production structure in the Autonomous Province of Bolzano is characterised by a large number of 
small and medium-sized enterprises, which are mainly financed by the local banking system and by 
their own resources.  
At present, few companies have an external rating.

--- Page 335 ---
10286974115-v8 
333 
47-41075393 
 
A.3 
Distribution of secured credit exposures by type of guarantee 
A.3.1 On and off-statement of financial position secured credit exposures with banks 
 
Gross exposure 
Net exposure 
Collaterals (1) 
Personal guarantees (2) 
Total 
(1)+(2) 
Credit derivatives 
Endorsement 
credits 
 
Other derivatives 
Property - mortgages 
-Properties - Finance leases 
Securities 
Other collaterals 
CLN 
Public administrations 
Banks 
Other financial companies 
Other parties 
Central counterparties 
Banks 
Other financial companies 
Other parties 
1. On-statement of financial 
position secured credit 
exposures  
2,145,441 2,144,290 
- 
- 1,806,657 335,929 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
1.1 fully secured  
2,145,441 2,144,290 
- 
- 1,806,657 335,929 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
-of which non-performing  
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
1.2 partially secured  
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
-of which non-performing  
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
2. Off-statement of financial 
position secured credit 
exposures:  
1,103 
1,100 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
2.1 fully secured  
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
-of which non-performing 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
2.2 partially secured  
1,103 
1,100 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
-of which non-performing  
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
-

--- Page 336 ---
10286974115-v8 
334 
47-41075393 
 
A.3.2 On and off-statement of financial position secured credit exposures with customers  
 
Gross exposure 
Net exposure 
Collaterals (1) 
Personal guarantees (2) 
Total 
(1)+(2) 
Credit derivatives 
Endorsement credits 
 
Other derivatives 
Property - mortgages 
-Properties - Finance leases 
Securities 
Other collaterals 
CLN 
Public administrations 
Banks 
Other financial companies 
Other parties 
Central counterparties 
Banks 
Other financial companies 
Other parties 
1. 
On-statement 
of 
financial position secured 
credit exposures  
1,605,616 1,557,032 604,449 328,230 
- 136,732 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 141,743 12,770 
5,819 193,807 1,423,551 
1.1 fully secured  
1,282,732 1,241,560 579,616 325,850 
- 133,511 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
48,653 10,276 
4,884 117,200 1,219,989 
-of which non-performing  
56,137 
29,086 
20,662 
3,683 
- 
674 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
1,632 
64 
259 
2,112 
29,086 
1.2 partially secured  
322,884 
315,472 
24,883 
2,380 
- 
3,222 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
93,090 
2,494 
936 
76,608 
203,562 
-of which non-performing  
12,503 
7,414 
3,110 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
3,492 
642 
- 
- 
7,244 
2. 
Off-statement 
of 
financial position secured 
credit exposures:  
171,504 
169,760 
- 
- 
- 
16,209 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
221 
4,990 17,875 102,263 
141,558 
2.1 fully secured  
65,965 
65,520 
- 
- 
- 
5,979 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
20 
4,663 12,652 
42,262 
65,516 
-of which non-performing  
961 
630 
- 
- 
- 
16 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
614 
630 
2.2 partially secured  
105,538 
104,240 
- 
- 
- 
10,290 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
201 
327 
5,223 
60,001 
76,042 
-of which non-performing  
8,164 
7,021 
- 
- 
- 
1,492 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
1,495 
2,483 
5,470

--- Page 337 ---
10286974115-v8 
335 
47-41075393 
 
B. 
Distribution and concentration of credit exposures  
B.1 
Distribution of on and off-statement of financial position credit exposures with 
customers by business segment 
Exposures/Counterparties 
Public administrations 
Financial companies 
Financial companies (of 
which: insurance 
companies) 
Non-financial 
companies 
 
Households 
Net 
exposure 
Total 
impairment 
losses 
Net 
exposure 
Total 
impairment 
losses 
Net 
exposure 
Total 
impairment 
losses 
Net 
exposure 
Total 
impairment 
losses 
Net 
exposure 
Total 
impairment 
losses 
A. 
On-statement 
of 
financial position credit 
exposures  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
A.1 Bad loans  
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
-of 
which: forbearance 
exposures  
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
A.2 Unlikely to pay  
- 
- 
187 
21 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
-of 
which: forbearance 
exposures  
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
A.3 Past due non-performing 
loans  
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
-of 
which: forbearance 
exposures  
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
A.4 Performing loans  
1,286,312 
533 
94,152 
451 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
-of 
which: forbearance 
exposures  
- 
- 
4,688 
31 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Total A 1,286,312 
533 
94,698 
472 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
B. 
Off-statement 
of 
financial position credit 
exposures  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
B.1 Non-performing loans  
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
B.2 Performing loans  
4,921 
2 
27,722 
15 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Total B 
4,921 
2 
27,722 
15 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
TOTAL (A+B) (2022) 1,292,233 
555 
122,421 
487 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
TOTAL (A+B) (2021) 1,356,000 
1,037 
102,209 
1,634 
- 
- 2,241,702 
44,385 
208,518 
2,566  
 
B.4 
Large exposures 
Description 
31/12/2022 
31/12/2021 
a) Amount (carrying amount) 
5,331,577 
5,515,327 
b) Amount (weighted amount) 
192,519 
159,289 
c) Number 
37 
33 
 
The breakdown of major risks is set below:  
a) Banks: 28 (of which 27 Raiffeisen banks)  
b) Asset management company: 0  
c) Countries: 5  
d) Customers: 4

--- Page 338 ---
10286974115-v8 
336 
47-41075393 
 
Section 2 - Market risk  
The sharp rise in the level of interest rates (the reference rate increased several times during 2022) had 
a significant impact on the performance of the bank's HTCS securities portfolio.  
2.1 
Interest rate risk and price risk - Regulatory trading book  
According to the supervisory provisions, banks with a trading portfolio of less than 5% of total 
assets and a market value of less than € 50 million in absolute terms are not required to report 
market risks.  
As at 31 December 2022, the Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige held a trading portfolio 
that did not exceed the above-mentioned limits. At the end of the reporting period, financial 
assets and financial derivatives of € 164,014 thousand were recorded in the trading portfolio of 
Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige.  
2.2 
Interest rate risk and price risk - Banking book  
Qualitative information  
A. 
General aspects, management processes and measurement methods for 
interest rate risk and price risk  
Interest rate risk in the banking book (IRRBB) is the current and future risk of adverse effects 
on a bank's earnings and economic value arising from adverse changes in interest rates and 
affecting financial instruments sensitive to those rates. This category includes gap risk, basis 
risk and option risk.  
Interest rate risk management is the responsibility of the Finance Area.  
The identification of interest rate risk in the banking book is carried out by the Risk Management 
function, also with the support of the corporate functions involved in each operational process.  
Interest rate risk is identified:  
• 
as part of risk monitoring (identification of changes in risk and/or exceeding of 
predefined parameters);  
• 
as part of the risk analyses carried out annually for the risk management function's 
annual report, for the RAF and ICAAP (identification of new risks or risks that have 
changed, also with a view to the future);  
• 
as part of occasional analyses carried out when specific risk situations arise 
(identification of new risks, risks that have changed or have not been correctly 
assessed up to that point, possibly also with a view to the future).  
Bank of Italy Circular no. 285/13 and the EBA/GL/2018/02 guidelines of 19 July 2018 require 
banks to use at least one profit-based measure and at least one economic value-based 
measure for measuring and monitoring IRRBB, which together capture all components of 
IRRBB.  
Methods based on economic value make it possible to measure the impact of changes in 
market rates on financial instruments, liabilities and off-statement of financial position 
exposures that are sensitive to such changes. Therefore, these methods assess the impact of 
changes in market rates on the net value of the bank's assets.

--- Page 339 ---
10286974115-v8 
337 
47-41075393 
 
On the other hand, profit-based methods highlight the impact of changes in market rates on the 
bank's future cash flows.  
Accordingly, the risk management function of Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige uses 
two corresponding models to measure the interest rate risk of the banking book:  
• 
model for measuring the potential change in economic value (EV);  
• 
model for measuring the potential change in net interest income (NII).  
The first model is used to measure the potential change in economic value and, at the same 
time, the internal capital (or capital at risk) under Pillar 2, which serves to cover the interest rate 
risk on the banking book.  
For a comprehensive assessment of the interest rate risk in the banking book, Risk 
Management considers the following factors, both in terms of economic value and profit:  
• 
the current and future risk position;  
• 
the change in the risk position or net interest margin over time, also considering their 
future development;  
• 
compliance with current internal and external regulations.  
In order to determine the capital at risk pursuant to the supervisory provisions (with reference 
to stress scenarios), in addition to the standard stress scenario involving a parallel shift of +/-
200 basis points, a number of other scenarios are considered (pursuant to Bank of Italy Circular 
no. 285/13, in which reference is made to the relevant EBA guidelines):  
1: parallel upward shock;  
2: parallel downward shock;  
3: upward shock in short-term interest rates;  
4: downward shock in short-term interest rates;  
5: steepener shock with an increase in the slope of the rate curve (fall in short-term rates and 
rise in long-term interest rates);  
6: flattener shock with flattening of the slope of the rate curve (rise in short-term rates and fall 
in long-term interest rates);  
Moreover, Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige uses two other scenarios:  
7: upward shock in long-term interest rates;  
8: downward shock in long-term interest rates.  
The Risk Management function performs a quarterly assessment of the interest rate risk using 
the two models mentioned above and referring to normal and stress scenarios. Moreover, as 
part of the ICAAP/ILAAP report, interest rate risk is measured with a view to the future, with 
reference to normal and stress scenarios.  
In addition to the models observed so far, the risk management function of Cassa Centrale 
Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige uses other indicators and tools to analyse and assess interest rate 
risk (e.g. bucket sensitivity).

--- Page 340 ---
10286974115-v8 
338 
47-41075393 
 
The interest rate risk under the EV model is limited by RAF indicators (EV risk under stressed 
conditions (taking into account all stress scenarios mentioned above) to stressed Tier 1 capital 
and EV risk following the standard supervisory shock of +/-200 basis points to stressed 
supervisory capital).  
The interest rate risk measured as part of the EV model with reference to normal scenarios 
(based on a 6-year cycle, taking into account the non-negativity condition for customer 
exposures and the minimum variable value for the remaining exposures, as established by the 
EBA in the aforementioned guidelines) amounted as at 31 December 2022, taking into account 
the 99th and 1st percentile (increase and decrease in interest rates, although interest rate 
changes were limited to 2% within the model), to € 37,973 thousand, i.e. 8.84% of capital 
requirements according to supervisory regulations.  
The risk of change in the net interest margin (NII) amounts to € 7,862 thousand in the base 
case scenario in the case of an increase in interest rates and € -1,439 thousand in the case of 
a decrease in interest rates.  
2.3 
Exchange rate risk  
Qualitative information  
A. 
General aspects, management processes and measurement methods for 
currency risk  
The exchange rate risk is measured using the model specifically prescribed by supervisory 
regulations.  
Its measurement is based on the calculation of the "net foreign exchange position", i.e. the 
balance of all assets and liabilities (on-statement of financial position and off-statement of 
financial position) relating to each currency.  
Due to its rather limited foreign currency operations, Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige 
is only marginally exposed to the exchange rate risk. The main sources of exchange rate risk 
are financing and funding in foreign currencies and trading in foreign banknotes.  
Moreover, currency positions held indirectly by the Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige 
through the OEIC units are also included in the net foreign currency position and are recorded 
in the amount of the maximum foreign currency limit set in the respective investment mandates.  
Due to the modest foreign exchange business, Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige does 
not carry out any kind of stress test with regard to this risk.  
Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige constantly endeavours to limit the exchange rate risk.  
Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige monitors the development of exchange rate risk on a 
quarterly basis using a risk table.  
B. 
Exchange rate risk hedging  
The exchange rate risk is hedged by offsetting the currency positions held as much as possible.

--- Page 341 ---
10286974115-v8 
339 
47-41075393 
 
Section 2 - Market risk  
 
2.1 
INTEREST RATE RISK AND PRICE RISK - REGULATORY TRADING BOOK  
 
Quantitative information  
1. 
Regulatory trading book: distribution by residual maturity (by re-pricing date) of on-
statement of financial position financial assets and liabilities and financial derivatives  
Currency €  
Type/Residual duration 
at sight 
up to 3 
months 
from 3 
months to 6 
months
from 6 
months to 1 
from 1 year to 
5 years 
from 5 years 
to 10 years 
beyond 10 
years 
unspecified 
maturity 
1. On-statement of financial position assets 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
5,968 
1.1 Debt securities 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
179 
- with early repayment option 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
123 
- other 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
56 
1.2 Other assets 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
5,789 
2. 
On-statement 
of 
financial 
position 
liabilities  
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
-- 
- 
- 
2.1 Repurchase agreements  
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
 
- 
- 
2.2 Other liabilities  
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
3. Financial derivatives 
6,617 
62,228 
12,802 
3,207 
29,255 
33,511 
10,456 
- 
3.1 With underlying security 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- Options 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
+ long positions 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
+ short positions 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- Other derivatives 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
+ long positions 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
-  
+ short positions 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
3.2 Without underlying security 
6,617 
62,228 
12,802 
3,207 
29,225 
33,511 
10,456 
- 
- Options 
34 
17 
117 
186 
556 
3 
- 
-  
+ long positions 
17 
9 
59 
93 
278 
1 
- 
-  
+ short positions 
17 
9 
59 
93 
278 
1 
- 
- 
-Other derivatives 
6,582 
62,211 
12,685 
3,021 
28,669 
33,509 
10,456 
- 
+ long positions 
3,291 
31,106 
6,674 
1,480 
44,529 
16,649 
5,107 
- 
+ short positions 
3,291 
31,106 
6,011 
1,541 
14,409 
16,860 
5,349 
-

--- Page 342 ---
10286974115-v8 
340 
47-41075393 
 
3. 
Regulatory trading book: internal models and other sensitivity analysis methods 
3.1 
End-of-period VAR, maximum, minimum and average values 
Value at Risk 
VaR amount in € 
Max (VaR) 
1,767,137 
Min (VaR) 
282,887 
Avg (VaR) 
819,683 
 
3.2 
VAR distribution in 2022 
Date 
VaR (99%/1 day) in € 
1/2022 
371,372 
2/2022 
320,097 
3/2022 
451,275 
4/2022 
539,846 
5/2022 
885,562 
6/2022 
1,314,348 
7/2022 
1,767,137 
8/2022 
1,196,804 
9/2022 
1,667,683 
10/2022 
755,164 
11/2022 
559,383 
12/2022 
544,325

--- Page 343 ---
10286974115-v8 
341 
47-41075393 
 
3.3 
Effects of a change in rates of +/-100 basis points on the regulatory trading book: 
 
Increase by 100 basis points 
Decrease by 100 basis points 
% change 
% 
% change 
% 
Net interest income 
49 
0.13% 
- 
0.00% 
Profit for the year 
429 
0.09% 
- 
0.00% 
Equity 
429 
0.01% 
- 
0.00% 
 
Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige has an integrated asset and liability management system. 
The consequences of a change in rates of +/-100 basis points were calculated by taking the market 
rate curve as at 31 December 2022 as a reference ( parallel shifts ).

--- Page 344 ---
10286974115-v8 
342 
47-41075393 
 
2.2 
INTEREST RATE RISK AND PRICE RISK - BANKING BOOK  
 
1. 
Banking book: distribution by residual maturity (by re-pricing date) of financial assets 
and liabilities 
Quantitative information  
Currency €  
Type/Residual duration 
at sight 
up to 3 
months 
from 3 
months to 6 
months 
from 6 
months to 1 
year 
from 1 year to 
5 years 
from 5 years 
to 10 years 
beyond 10 
years 
unspecified 
maturity 
1. On-statement of financial position assets 
735,275 1,022,430 1,973,947 579,599 
817,201 633,023 32,143 
- 
1.1 Debt securities 
- 
431,613 
212,837 
- 
109,440 542,078 
- 
- 
- with early repayment option 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- other 
- 
431,613 
212,837 
- 
109,440 542,078 
- 
- 
1.2 Loans with banks 
288,039 
247,204 1,185,773 281,087 
576,049 
- 
- 
- 
1.3 Loans with customers 
447,236 
343,612 
575,336 298,512 
131,713 90,945 32,143 
- 
- c/a 
113,458 
- 
- 
17 
468 
- 
- 
- 
- other loans 
333,779 
343,612 
575,336 298,495 
131,244 90,945 32,143 
- 
- with early repayment option 
237,675 
202,481 
399,615 293,513 
109,402 68,252 25,680 
- 
- other 
96,104 
141,132 
175,721 
4,982 
21,842 22,693 6,463 
- 
2. On-statement of financial position liabilities  1,111,556 
886,306 1,604,470 566,365 1,445,134 40,660 1,955 
- 
2.1 Due to customers 
835,158 
557,485 
45,811 
7,089 
15,849 
305 1,955 
- 
- c/a  
781,456 
90,595 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- other payables 
53,702 
466,890 
45,811 
7,089 
15,849 
305 1,955 
- 
- with early repayment option 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- other 
53,702 
466,890 
45,811 
7,089 
15,849 
305 1,955 
 
2.2 Due to banks 
276,398 
305,172 1,525,469 489,425 
728,922 
2,007 
- 
- 
- c/a  
48,805 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- other payables 
277,593 
305,172 1,525,469 489,425 
728,922 
2,007 
- 
- 
2.3 Debt securities 
- 
23,649 
33,190 69,851 
700,363 38,349 
- 
- 
- with early repayment option 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- other 
- 
23,649 
33,190 69,851 
700,363 38,349 
- 
- 
2.4 Other liabilities 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
 
- with early repayment option 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- other 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
3. Financial derivatives 
13,400 
26,152 
22,154 27,884 
43,293 
9,134 
597 
- 
3.1 With underlying security 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- Options 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
+ long positions 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
+ short positions 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- Other derivatives 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
+ long positions 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
+ short positions 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
3.2 Without underlying security 
13,400 
26,152 
22,154 27,884 
43,293 
9,134 
597 
 
- Options 
7,256 
1,405 
14,151 19,976 
29,128 
4,861 
559 
- 
+ long positions 
- 
- 
- 
4,120 
29,128 
4,861 
559 
-

--- Page 345 ---
10286974115-v8 
343 
47-41075393 
 
Type/Residual duration 
at sight 
up to 3 
months 
from 3 
months to 6 
months 
from 6 
months to 1 
year 
from 1 year to 
5 years 
from 5 years 
to 10 years 
beyond 10 
years 
unspecified 
maturity 
+ short positions 
7,256 
1,405 
14,151 15,856 
- 
- 
- 
- 
-Other derivatives 
6,144 
24,747 
8,003 
7,909 
14,164 
4,274 
38 
- 
+ long positions 
6,144 
9,734 
5,923 
5,700 
- 
- 
- 
- 
+ short positions 
- 
15,013 
2,080 
2,209 
14,164 
4,274 
38 
- 
4. Other off-statement of financial position 
transactions 
105,687 
4,740 
1,500 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
+ long positions 
49,723 
4,740 
1,500 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
+ short positions 
55,964 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
-

--- Page 346 ---
10286974115-v8 
344 
47-41075393 
 
2.1 
Effects of a change in rates of +/-100 basis points on the banking book:  
 
Increase by 100 basis points 
Decrease by 100 basis points 
% change 
% 
% change 
% 
Net interest income 
3,931 
7.91% 
(3,931) 
-7.91% 
Profit for the year 
2,667 
22.41% 
(2,667) 
-22.41% 
Equity 
(20,954) 
-4.70% 
22,748 
5.10% 
 
Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige has an integrated asset and liability management system. 
The consequences of a change in rates of +/-100 basis points were calculated by taking the market 
rate curve as at 31 December 2022 as a reference ( parallel shifts ).  
 
2.2 VAR distribution in 2022  
Value at Risk 
VaR amount in € 
Max (VaR) 
25,722,932 
Min (VaR) 
7,580,301 
Avg (VaR) 
12,758,459

--- Page 347 ---
10286974115-v8 
345 
47-41075393 
 
2.3 
EXCHANGE RATE RISK  
Quantitative information  
1. 
Distribution of assets, liabilities and derivatives by currency  
Items 
Currencies 
US 
dollars 
Sterling 
Yen 
Canadian 
dollars 
Swiss 
francs 
Other 
currencies 
A. Financial assets 
6,800 
749 
- 
118 
11,625 
258 
A.1 Debt securities 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
A.2 Equity instruments 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
A.3 Loans with banks 
6,567 
749 
- 
118 
11,625 
258 
A.4 
Loans 
with 
customers 
233 
- 
- 
- 
- 
-  
A.5 
Other 
financial 
assets 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
B. Other assets 
58 
27 
31 
5 
559 
29 
C. Financial liabilities 
(8,199) 
(1,395) 
(12) 
(748) 
(14,632) 
(215) 
C.1 Due to banks 
(8,001) 
(1,148) 
(12) 
(748) 
(13,938) 
(201) 
C.2 Due to customers 
(197) 
(247) 
- 
- 
(694) 
(14) 
C.3 Debt securities 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
-  
C.4 
Other 
financial 
liabilities 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
-  
D. Other liabilities 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
E. 
Financial 
derivatives 
(4,443) 
(1,987) 
(793) 
(1,177) 
(3,724) 
(135) 
- Options 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
-  
+ long positions 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
-  
+ short positions 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
-Other derivatives 
(4,443) 
(1,987) 
(793) 
(1,177) 
(3,724) 
(135) 
+ long positions 
(2,902) 
(1,302) 
(387) 
(900) 
(3,081) 
(85) 
+ short positions 
(1,541) 
(685) 
(406) 
(276) 
(643) 
(50) 
Total assets 
9,760 
2,078 
417 
1,023 
15,264 
372 
Total liabilities 
(9,740) 
(2,080) 
(418) 
(1,024) 
(15,275) 
(265) 
Difference (+/-) 
20 
(2) 
(1) 
(1) 
(9) 
107

--- Page 348 ---
10286974115-v8 
346 
47-41075393 
 
Section 3 - Derivative instruments and hedging policies  
 
3.1 
Hedge accounting  
Qualitative information  
A. 
Fair value hedges  
As at 31 December 2022, Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige carried out specific fair 
value hedging activities (micro hedging).  
Hedging is used to immunise against changes in the fair value of deposits and loans caused 
by changes in the interest rate curve thereby stabilising the interest margin.  
The main type of hedging instrument used by Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige is the 
interest rate swap (IRS) derivative.  
B. 
Cash flow hedges  
The Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige does not engage in cash flow hedges, i.e. hedges 
against exposure to variations in cash flows associated with variable-rate financial instruments.

--- Page 349 ---
10286974115-v8 
347 
47-41075393 
 
Section 3 - Derivative instruments and hedging policies  
 
3.1 
Trading derivative instruments  
 
A. 
Financial derivatives 
A.1 
Trading financial derivatives: period-end notional values  
Underlying 
assets/Types of 
derivatives 
Total 2022 
Total 2021 
Over the counter 
Over the counter 
Central 
counterparties 
Without central counterparties 
Organised 
markets 
Central 
counterparties 
Without central counterparties 
Organised 
markets 
With netting 
agreements 
Without 
netting 
agreements 
With netting 
agreements 
Without 
netting 
agreements 
1. Debt securities 
and interest rates 
- 
- 
102,150 
- 
- 
- 
108,052 
-  
a) Options 
- 
- 
23,584 
- 
- 
- 
28,755 
-  
b) swaps 
- 
- 
78,566 
- 
- 
- 
79,297 
-  
c) Forwards 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
-  
d) Futures 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
-  
e) Other 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
-  
2. Equity 
instruments and 
share indices 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
-  
a) Options 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
-  
b) Swaps 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
-  
c) Forwards 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
-  
d) Futures 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
-  
e) Other 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
-  
3. Currencies and 
gold 
- 
- 
10,001 
- 
- 
- 
15,997 
-  
a) Options 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
-  
b) Swaps 
- 
- 
10,001 
- 
- 
- 
15,700 
-  
c) Forwards 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
297 
-  
d) Futures 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
-  
e) Other 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
-  
4. Commodities 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
-  
5. Other 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Total 
- 
- 
112,151 
- 
- 
- 
124,049 
-

--- Page 350 ---
10286974115-v8 
348 
47-41075393 
 
A.2 
Trading financial derivatives: gross positive and negative fair value – breakdown by 
product 
Type of derivatives 
Total 2022 
Total 2021 
Over the counter 
Over the counter 
Central 
counterparties 
Without central counterparties 
Organised 
markets 
Central 
counterparties 
Without central counterparties 
Organised 
markets 
With netting 
agreements 
Without netting 
agreements 
With netting 
agreements 
Without 
netting 
agreements 
1. 
Positive 
fair 
value 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
a) Options 
- 
- 
166 
- 
- 
- 
10 
- 
b) 
Interest 
rate 
swaps 
- 
- 
5,840 
- 
- 
- 
1,265 
- 
c) Cross currency 
swaps 
- 
- 
40 
- 
- 
- 
138 
- 
d) Equity swaps 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
e) Forwards 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
 
- 
- 
f) Futures 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
g) Other 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Total 
- 
- 
6,047 
- 
- 
- 
1,412 
- 
2. 
Negative 
fair 
value 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
a) Options 
- 
- 
165 
- 
- 
- 
10 
- 
b) 
Interest 
rate 
swaps 
- 
- 
5,548 
- 
- 
- 
1,060 
- 
c) Cross currency 
swaps 
- 
- 
61 
- 
- 
- 
39 
- 
d) Equity swaps 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
e) Forwards 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
19 
- 
f) Futures 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
g) Other 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Total 
- 
- 
5,774 
- 
- 
- 
1,128 
-

--- Page 351 ---
10286974115-v8 
349 
47-41075393 
 
A.3 
OTC financial derivatives: notional values, positive and negative gross fair value by 
counterparty  
Underlying assets 
Governments 
and central 
banks 
Banks 
Other 
financial 
companies 
Other 
parties 
Contracts that are not netting agreements  
 
- 
- 
- 
1) Debt securities and interest rates  
 
- 
- 
- 
- notional amount  
X 
87,067 
- 
15,083 
- positive fair value  
X 
6,006 
- 
- 
- negative fair value  
X 
5,499 
- 
214 
2) Equity instruments and share indices  
 
- 
- 
- 
- notional amount  
X 
- 
- 
- 
- positive fair value  
X 
- 
- 
- 
- negative fair value  
X 
- 
- 
- 
3) Currencies and gold  
 
- 
- 
- 
- notional amount  
X 
10,001 
- 
- 
- positive fair value  
X 
40 
- 
- 
- negative fair value  
X 
61 
- 
- 
4) Commodities  
 
- 
- 
- 
- notional amount  
X 
- 
- 
- 
- positive fair value  
X 
- 
- 
- 
- negative fair value  
X 
- 
- 
- 
5) Other  
 
- 
- 
- 
- notional amount  
X 
- 
- 
- 
- positive fair value  
X 
- 
- 
- 
- negative fair value  
X 
- 
- 
- 
Contracts included in netting agreements  
- 
- 
- 
- 
1) Debt securities and interest rates  
- 
- 
- 
- 
- notional amount  
- 
- 
- 
- 
- positive fair value  
- 
- 
- 
- 
- negative fair value  
- 
- 
- 
- 
2) Equity instruments and share indices  
- 
- 
- 
- 
- notional amount  
- 
- 
- 
- 
- positive fair value  
- 
- 
- 
- 
- negative fair value  
- 
- 
- 
- 
3) Currencies and gold  
- 
- 
- 
- 
- notional amount  
- 
- 
- 
- 
- positive fair value  
- 
- 
- 
- 
- negative fair value  
- 
- 
- 
- 
4) Commodities  
- 
- 
- 
- 
- notional amount  
- 
- 
- 
- 
- positive fair value  
- 
- 
- 
- 
- negative fair value  
- 
- 
- 
- 
5) Other  
- 
- 
- 
- 
- notional amount  
- 
- 
- 
- 
- positive fair value  
- 
- 
- 
- 
- negative fair value  
- 
- 
- 
-

--- Page 352 ---
10286974115-v8 
350 
47-41075393 
 
A.4 
Residual maturity of OTC trading financial derivatives: notional values 
Underlying/Residual life 
Up to 1 
year 
From 1 
year to 5 
years 
Beyond 5 
years 
Total 
A.1 Financial derivatives on debt securities and interest rates 
5,933 
50,398 
45,820 
102,150 
A.2 Financial derivatives on equity instruments and share 
indices  
- 
- 
- 
- 
A.3 Financial derivatives on currencies and gold 
10,001 
- 
- 
10,001 
A.4 Financial derivatives on commodities  
- 
- 
- 
- 
A.5 Other financial derivatives  
- 
- 
- 
- 
Total 31/12/2022 
15,934 
50,398 
45,820 
112,151 
Total 31/12/2021 
21,812 
34,176 
68,062 
124,049

--- Page 353 ---
10286974115-v8 
351 
47-41075393 
 
Section 3 - Derivative instruments and hedging policies  
 
3.2 
Hedge accounting  
Quantitative information 
 
A. 
Hedging derivatives  
A.1 
Hedging financial derivatives: period-end notional values 
Type of derivatives 
Total 2022 
Total 2021 
Over the counter 
Over the counter 
Organised 
markets 
Central 
counterparties 
Without central counterparties 
Organised 
markets 
Central 
counterparties 
Without central 
counterparties 
With netting 
agreements 
Without netting 
agreements 
With netting 
agreements 
Without 
netting 
agreements 
1. Debt securities and 
interest rates 
- 
- 
21,478 
- 
- 
- 
24,022 
- 
a) Options 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
b) swaps 
- 
- 
21,478 
- 
- 
- 
24,022 
- 
c) Forwards 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
d) Futures 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
e) Other 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
2. Equity instruments 
and share indices 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
a) Options 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
b) swaps 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
c) Forwards 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
d) Futures 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
e) Other 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
3. Currencies and gold 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
a) Options 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
b) swaps 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
c) Forwards 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
d) Futures 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
e) Other 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
4. Commodities 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
5. Other 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Total 
- 
- 
21,478 
- 
- 
- 
24,022 
-

--- Page 354 ---
10286974115-v8 
352 
47-41075393 
 
A.2 
Hedging financial derivatives: gross positive and negative fair value – breakdown by 
product  
Types of derivatives 
Negative and positive fair value 
Change in the 
value used for 
recognising 
the 
ineffectiveness 
of the hedge 
Total 2022 
Total 2021 
Over the counter 
 
Over the counter 
 
 
Without central 
counterparties 
 
 
Without 
central 
counterparties 
 
Central 
counterparties 
With netting 
agreements 
Without netting 
agreements 
Organised markets 
Central 
counterparties 
With netting 
agreements 
Without netting 
agreements 
Organised markets 
Total 2022 
Total 2021 
1. Positive fair value 
- 
- 
1,343 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
1,343 
- 
a) Options  
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
b) Interest rate swaps 
- 
- 
1,343 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
1,343 
-  
c) Cross currency swaps 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
-  
d) Equity swaps 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
-  
e) Forwards 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
-  
f) Futures 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
-  
g) Other 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
2. Negative fair value  
- 
- 
13 
- 
- 
- 
1,184 
- 
13 
1,184 
a) Options  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
b) Interest rate swaps  
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
1,184 
- 
- 
1,184 
c) Cross currency swaps  
- 
- 
13 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
13 
- 
d) Equity swaps  
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
e) Forwards  
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
f) Futures  
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
g) Other  
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Total 
- 
- 
1,355 
- 
- 
- 
1,184 
- 
1,355 
1,184

--- Page 355 ---
10286974115-v8 
353 
47-41075393 
 
A.3 
OTC hedging financial derivatives: notional values, positive and negative gross fair 
value by counterparty  
Underlying assets 
Central 
counterparties 
Banks 
Other 
financial 
companies 
Other parties 
Contracts that are not netting agreements  
- 
- 
- 
- 
1) Debt securities and interest rates  
- 
- 
- 
- 
-notional amount  
X 
21,478 
- 
- 
- positive fair value  
X 
1,343 
- 
- 
- negative fair value  
X 
13 
- 
- 
2) Equity instruments and share indices  
 
- 
- 
- 
-notional amount  
X 
- 
- 
- 
- positive fair value  
X 
- 
- 
- 
- negative fair value  
X 
- 
- 
- 
3) Currencies and gold  
 
- 
- 
- 
-notional amount  
X 
- 
- 
- 
- positive fair value  
X 
- 
- 
- 
- negative fair value  
X 
- 
- 
- 
4) Commodities  
 
- 
- 
- 
-notional amount  
X 
- 
- 
- 
- positive fair value  
X 
- 
- 
- 
- negative fair value  
X 
- 
- 
- 
5) Other  
 
- 
- 
- 
-notional amount  
X 
- 
- 
- 
- positive fair value  
X 
- 
- 
- 
- negative fair value  
X 
- 
- 
- 
Contracts included in netting agreements  
- 
- 
- 
- 
1) Debt securities and interest rates  
- 
- 
- 
- 
-notional amount  
- 
- 
- 
- 
- positive fair value  
- 
- 
- 
- 
- negative fair value  
- 
- 
- 
- 
2) Equity instruments and share indices  
- 
- 
- 
- 
-notional amount  
- 
- 
- 
- 
- positive fair value  
- 
- 
- 
- 
- negative fair value  
- 
- 
- 
- 
3) Currencies and gold  
- 
- 
- 
- 
-notional amount  
- 
- 
- 
- 
- positive fair value  
- 
- 
- 
- 
- negative fair value  
- 
- 
- 
- 
4) Commodities  
- 
- 
- 
- 
-notional amount  
- 
- 
- 
- 
- positive fair value  
- 
- 
- 
- 
- negative fair value  
- 
- 
- 
- 
5) Other  
- 
- 
- 
- 
-notional amount  
- 
- 
- 
- 
- positive fair value  
- 
- 
- 
- 
- negative fair value  
- 
- 
- 
-

--- Page 356 ---
10286974115-v8 
354 
47-41075393 
 
 
A.4 
Residual maturity of OTC hedging financial derivatives: notional values 
Underlying/Residual life 
Up to 1 year 
From 1 year 
to 5 years 
Beyond 5 
years 
Total 
A.1 Financial derivatives on debt securities and 
interest rates 
3,002 
14,164 
4,311 
21,478 
A.2 Financial derivatives on equity instruments 
and share indices  
- 
- 
- 
- 
A.3 Financial derivatives on currencies and gold  
- 
- 
- 
- 
A.4 Financial derivatives on commodities  
- 
- 
- 
- 
A.5 Other financial derivatives  
- 
- 
- 
- 
Total 2022 
3,002 
14,164 
4,311 
21,478 
Total 2021 
2,387 
15,477 
6,158 
24,022

--- Page 357 ---
10286974115-v8 
355 
47-41075393 
 
D. 
Hedged instruments  
D.1 
Fair value hedges  
 
Specific 
hedging: 
carrying 
amount 
 
Specific hedging 
Macro 
hedging: 
carrying 
amount 
Specific 
hedging - net 
positions: 
carrying 
amount of 
assets and 
liabilities 
(before 
offsetting) 
Cumulative 
changes in fair 
value of the 
hedged 
instrument 
Termination of 
hedging: 
residual 
cumulative 
changes in fair 
value 
Change in the 
value used for 
recognising the 
ineffectiveness 
of the hedge 
A. ASSETS  
 
 
 
 
 
 
1. Financial assets measured at fair value 
through other comprehensive income - 
hedging of:  
 
 
 
 
 
 
1.1 Debt securities and interest rates  
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
X 
1.2 Equity instruments and share indices  
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
X 
1.3 Currencies and gold  
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
X 
1.4 Loans and receivables  
21,403 
- 
382 
448 
- 
X 
1.5 Other  
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
X 
2. Financial assets measured at amortised 
cost – hedging of:  
 
 
 
 
 
 
1.1 Debt securities and interest rates  
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
X 
1.2 Equity instruments and share indices  
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
X 
1.3 Currencies and gold  
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
X 
1.4 Loans and receivables  
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
X 
1.5 Other  
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
X 
Total 2022 
21,403 
- 
382 
448 
- 
- 
B. LIABILITIES  
 
 
 
 
 
 
1. Financial liabilities measured at amortised 
cost - hedging of:  
 
 
 
 
 
 
1.1 Debt securities and interest rates  
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
X 
1.2 Currencies and gold  
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
X 
1.3 Other  
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
X 
Total 2022  
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
-

--- Page 358 ---
10286974115-v8 
356 
47-41075393 
 
Section 4 Liquidity risk  
Qualitative information  
A. 
General aspects, management processes and measurement methods for liquidity risk  
The liquidity situation of the Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige continued to remain at an 
adequate level. The bank is aware of the need to continuously monitor the liquidity situation, especially 
when the various refinancing measures expire and if the European Central Bank's restrictive monetary 
policy continues for a long time.  
In 2022, Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige participated in ECB's refinancing operations as the 
leading bank of the TLTRO III group. In parallel, a further bond issue was prepared and carried out.  
Risk definition and identification, risk factors related to sources of liquidity risk 
Liquidity risk is the present and future risk of failure to meet payment obligations, in whole or in part, 
over various time horizons (liquidity risk strictly speaking). Causes of default can be either the inability 
to obtain liquid assets in the market at reasonable conditions (funding liquidity risk) or the inability to 
liquidate assets (asset liquidity risk). Liquidity risk also includes the risk of being unable to obtain liquidity 
or liquidate assets under normal market conditions (market liquidity risk). Liquidity risk is often correlated 
with other risks and may therefore occur in addition to other types of risk.  
The identification of liquidity risk is closely related to the bank's main strategic processes:  
­ 
finalisation of strategic and operational planning;  
­ 
RAF;  
­ 
ICAAP;  
­ 
ILAAP:  
­ 
Recovery Plan.  
The liquidity risk identification process aims to determine all liquidity risk factors or causes to which the 
bank is exposed and which may have a significant impact on its liquidity position.  
The underlying liquidity risk is determined through specific analyses and assessments, within which two 
macro areas can be distinguished in relation to the time horizon:  
­ 
short-term (or operational) liquidity, which in turn is divided into two sub-areas:  
o 
intraday liquidity, on the basis of which it is possible to measure the bank's ability to balance 
its daily cash inflows and outflows and to ensure adequate liquid resources at all times;  
o 
short-term liquidity, on the basis of which it is possible to assess the Bank's ability to meet 
its expected and unforeseen payment obligations over a 12-month horizon;  
­ 
structural liquidity, which identifies any liquidity imbalances between assets and liabilities over a 
time horizon of more than one year.  
Main competent bodies and functions  
The main functions responsible for this area and their main tasks are presented below.  
Board of Directors  
As the body with strategic supervisory functions, the Board of Directors is responsible for the following 
tasks:  
­ 
defining and approving strategic guidelines, internal policies and regulations, risk appetite and 
tolerance thresholds of liquidity risk;  
­ 
approving the methods used to measure liquidity risk exposure and the key assumptions 
underlying the stress scenarios;

--- Page 359 ---
10286974115-v8 
357 
47-41075393 
 
­ 
defining the indicators and provisions of the Risk Appetite Framework (RAF) and the Contingency 
Funding Plan;  
As a management body, the Board of Directors also has the following tasks:  
­ 
defining the main lines of the liquidity risk management process and ensuring that it is continuously 
updated;  
­ 
establishing the responsibilities of the corporate functions and structures involved in the liquidity 
risk management process;  
­ 
defining internal information flows aimed to ensure that corporate bodies and control functions are 
fully aware of and manage the factors affecting liquidity risk.  
Management  
The Management, which attends the meetings of the Board of Directors, is responsible for the following 
tasks:  
­ 
proposing the strategic guidelines and policies for managing liquidity risk in concert with the 
Finance Area;  
­ 
communicating the regulations and standards in force within the bank to the company functions 
involved;  
­ 
informing the Board immediately of any deterioration in the Bank's liquidity position.  
Risk management  
The Risk Management function is responsible for the following tasks:  
­ 
defining and proposing to the Board of Directors the factors to be considered for the identification 
of liquidity risk;  
­ 
establishing the methods for defining the liquidity risk exposure;  
­ 
defining the main assumptions underlying the stress scenarios;  
­ 
defining the liquidity risk indicators relevant to the RAF and the corresponding provisions;  
­ 
carrying out liquidity risk analyses from a point-in-time and forward-looking perspective, based on 
normal and stress scenarios;  
­ 
periodically monitoring liquidity risk and compliance with the relevant provisions;  
­ 
periodically preparing liquidity risk reports;  
­ 
notifying the Management and the qualified company functions if operational limits relating to 
liquidity risk are exceeded in order to ensure the activation of the envisaged escalation procedures;  
­ 
proposing, with the involvement of the relevant functions, the corrective actions envisaged in the 
Contingency Funding Plan;  
­ 
preparing and submitting reports on liquidity risk to the competent corporate bodies at least on a 
quarterly basis.  
Finance Area  
The Finance Area is responsible for the following tasks in the area of liquidity risk:  
­ 
monitoring the liquidity position with respect to different time horizons;  
­ 
preparing its own reports on the liquidity position and forwarding them to Management and the 
Risk Management function.  
The Treasury & Funding sector  
This function is responsible for the following tasks in connection with the management of the short-term 
liquidity position:

--- Page 360 ---
10286974115-v8 
358 
47-41075393 
 
­ 
monitoring and managing the liquidity position, daily funding and use of liquidity in accordance with 
defined procedures;  
­ 
accessing and operating on the money markets;  
­ 
monitoring and managing the level of the compulsory reserve established in the supervisory 
regulations (hereinafter also referred to as "ROB");  
­ 
monitoring the system of giro and settlement accounts;  
­ 
monitoring the portfolio of financial instruments that can be used for collateralised lending with the 
European Central Bank or corresponding markets (e.g. MTS);  
­ 
implementing all actions required to ensure compliance with the liquidity indicators envisaged by 
the supervisory regulations.  
As part of the management of the medium- to long-term liquidity position, this function is also 
responsible for:  
­ 
preparing the funding plan to be submitted to the head of the Finance Area for approval and, 
immediately thereafter, to the Board of Directors.  
Liquidity risk management process  
The bank's liquidity risk management process consists of the following steps:  
­ 
risk identification (identification of the main risk factors, internal and external risk sources as well 
as operational activities that expose the bank to liquidity risk);  
­ 
risk analysis (analysis of all major risks and risk factors, definition of risk indicators and models, 
preparation of internal regulations);  
­ 
risk measurement and assessment (measurement/qualitative assessment of the liquidity risk);  
­ 
risk monitoring (continuous monitoring of risks and underlying indicators, control of compliance 
with internal and external regulations and standards, identification of risk trends);  
­ 
risk reporting and disclosure (timely reporting, the preparation and dissemination of which 
facilitates decision-making, consideration of possible changes in the current and future context, 
assessment of possible risk impacts and new opportunities, risk awareness, risk culture);  
­ 
risk management/risk mitigation/related interventions (implementation of actions and their 
documentation).  
The establishment of a risk management process in line with the bank's strategic guidelines is an 
essential prerogative to effectively implement the risk policy defined by the competent bodies.  
Liquidity risk management strategy  
As part of its operations, Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige strives to keep liquidity and 
refinancing risks within appropriate limits. In this context, liquidity risk management is based on the 
following principles:  
­ 
developing liquidity risk management and monitoring processes in accordance with the bank's 
organisational structure and with the aim of clearly defining the responsibilities of the corporate 
bodies and functions involved, as well as in compliance with the provisions of the supervisory body;  
­ 
ensuring the bank's financial balance by measuring and monitoring the short-term (including 
intraday) and medium- to long-term liquidity position, so that:  
o 
the bank can meet its payment obligations, both expected and unexpected, while minimising 
costs;  
o 
an appropriate ratio between medium- to long-term assets and liabilities can be ensured in 
order, on the one hand, to, avoid burdens associated with short-term liquidity sources and, 
on the other hand, to optimise the cost of liquidity funding;

--- Page 361 ---
10286974115-v8 
359 
47-41075393 
 
­ 
establishing a liquidity risk assessment process based on internal and supervisory methods and 
models, carried out with reference to specific points in time and from a forward-looking perspective 
as well as on the basis of normal and stress scenarios;  
­ 
optimising access to markets in order to obtain financial resources, by maintaining an adequate 
degree of solvency of the bank and efficient management of liquidity flows;  
­ 
optimising the management of any internal or external liquidity crises, ensuring adequate and 
promptly effective escalation processes to enable timely action to be taken, also in accordance 
with the provisions of the Contingency Funding Plan.  
The liquidity risk process is regulated by the relevant internal regulations.  
On the other hand, in an additional regulation, Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige defined a 
special Contingency Funding Plan. The latter defines the standards and processes by which the bank's 
liquidity profile can be kept under control, from the early stages of a developing liquidity crisis to the 
onset of a severe liquidity crisis, as well as ensuring the bank's business continuity.  
In addition, the following measures are implemented within the bank:  
­ 
definition and cataloguing of different types of liquidity stress scenarios;  
­ 
definition and monitoring of indicators that - in addition to those already defined within the RAF - 
can identify the occurrence of stress or liquidity stress scenarios in advance;  
­ 
assignment to the relevant corporate bodies, committees and functions of the tasks and 
responsibilities required for the activation and implementation of the measures outlined in the 
Contingency Funding Plan (CFP);  
­ 
identification of potential actions to be taken in the event of a significant deterioration of the bank's 
liquidity position;  
­ 
periodic estimate of the maximum liquidity that can be generated (back-up liquidity) through the 
hypothetical activation of emergency measures.  
Concentration, sources of liquidity  
According to the AMM reporting template "C 67.00.a - concentration of funding by counterparty", the 
main sources of liquidity (>1% of liabilities) are concentrated in Repo transactions, i.e. funding backed 
by securities, although refinancing with the Central Bank accounts for about 80% of these large deposits.  
Stress scenarios  
Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige analyses various stress scenarios with respect to liquidity risk, 
i.e. with regard to intraday liquidity risk, short-term liquidity risk and structural liquidity risk. Stress 
scenarios take into account both idiosyncratic and systemic risk factors. The results of the stress 
scenario analyses are used to calibrate the provisions of the RAF.  
ALM application  
Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige has an ALM application conforming to industry best practice 
that enables it to monitor the development of its liquidity position and the underlying liquidity risk in a 
timely manner. Alongside this, Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige adopted its own risk table, 
which is updated weekly and contains all relevant liquidity risk indicators.  
Availability and liquidity position  
The liquidity position of Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige is stable:  
­ 
issue of bonds of € 40 million and two further issues of €6 million each in autumn 2022 to strengthen 
the medium- to long-term liquidity position;  
­ 
LCR values of >145%;

--- Page 362 ---
10286974115-v8 
360 
47-41075393 
 
­ 
participation in the European Central Bank's TLTRO III operations in the amount of € 2,170,350 
thousand;  
­ 
NSFR value as at 31 December 2022 of 108.961%;  
­ 
concentration risk under AMM reporting;  
­ 
since the end of 2020, Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige has also been using the "ABACO" 
portfolio to further strengthen its liquidity position;  
­ 
The fact that several Raiffeisen banks also use the "ABACO" portfolio has positive effects on the 
liquidity position of the entire Raiffeisen banking organisation;  
­ 
The bank's survival period according to the RAF indicator "Survival period (short-term liquidity)" is 
more than three months;  
­ 
the bank's liquidity reserve consists mainly of high quality liquid assets.

--- Page 363 ---
10286974115-v8 
361 
47-41075393 
 
1. 
Distribution of financial assets and liabilities by residual contractual maturity - Currency: 
€  
Items/Time periods 
at sight 
from 1 
day to 7 
days 
from 7 
days to 
15 days 
from 15 
days to 1 
month 
from 1 
month to 
3 months 
from 3 
months to 
6 months 
from 6 
months 
to 1 year 
from 1 year 
to 5 years 
beyond 5 
years 
unspecified 
maturity 
On-statement of financial 
position assets 
370.120 
7,757 
25,547 
25,865 
231,026 
1,375,200 
641,890 
2,016,109 
1,099,960 
121,188 
A.1 Government bonds 
- 
- 
761 
- 
3,557 
54,166 
141,993 
541.00 
535,000 
- 
A.2 Other debt securities 
- 
- 
- 
190 
- 
25 
900 
11,105 
10,000 
- 
A.3 OEIC units 
143,730 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
A.4 Loans 
226,389 
7,757 
24,787 
25,675 
227,469 
1,321,000 
498,997 
1,464,004 
554,960 
121,188 
- banks 
153,188 
- 
- 
- 
122,330 
1,205,334 
291,522 
578,800 
- 
121,188 
- customers 
73,201 
7,757 
24,787 
25,675 
105,139 
115,675 
207,475 
885,204 
554,960 
- 
On-statement of financial 
position liabilities 
1,128,381 
149,474 
111 
288,737 
289,094 
1,627,239 
654,854 
1,481,967 
108,409 
- 
B.1 Deposits 
1,042,717 
13,485 
82 
43,159 
166,123 
94,179 
84,775 
34,737 
60,155 
- 
- banks 
140,470 
12,000 
. 
7,332 
114,980 
48,922 
77,383 
20,222 
60,155 
- 
- customers 
902,246 
1,485 
82 
35,827 
51,144 
45,797 
7,392 
14,515 
- 
  
B.2 Debt securities 
- 
- 
30 
3,186 
927 
18,900 
83,650 
721,996 
42,995 
- 
B.3 Other liabilities 
85,664 
135,990 
- 
242,392 
122,044 
1,513,620 
486,430 
725,263 
5,260 
- 
Off-statement of financial 
position transactions 
67,958 
2,240 
5,630 
1,247 
2,472 
1,335 
4,439 
49,119 
1,926 
- 
C.1 Financial derivatives with 
exchange of principal 
- 
2,240 
5,630 
1,245 
2,358 
644 
165 
- 
- 
- 
- long positions 
- 
1,216 
375 
1,205 
823 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- short positions 
- 
1,023 
5,255 
40 
1,535 
644 
165 
- 
- 
- 
C.2  Financial derivatives 
w/o exchange of principal 
11,723 
- 
- 
2 
22 
92 
317 
- 
- 
- 
- long positions 
6,009 
- 
- 
- 
13 
89 
298 
- 
- 
- 
- short positions 
5,714 
- 
- 
1 
9 
3 
19 
- 
- 
- 
C.3 Deposits and loans to be 
received 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- long positions 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- short positions 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
C.4 Irrevocable commitments to 
disburse funds 
56,235 
- 
- 
- 
92 
600 
3,957 
49,119 
1,926 
- 
- long positions 
270 
- 
- 
- 
92 
600 
3,957 
49,119 
1,926 
- 
- short positions 
55,964 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
C.5 Financial guarantees given 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
C.6 Financial guarantees received 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
C.1 Credit derivatives with 
exchange of principal 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- long positions 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- short positions 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
C.8 Credit derivatives without 
exchange of principal 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- long positions 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- short positions 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
 
2021 report and financial statements | 2021 Financial Statements Notes to the financial statements

--- Page 364 ---
10286974115-v8 
362 
47-41075393 
 
1. 
Distribution of financial assets and liabilities by residual contractual maturity - Currency: 
OTHER  
Items/Time periods 
at sight 
from 1 day 
to 7 days 
from 7 
days to 
15 days 
from 15 
days to 1 
month 
from 1 
month to 
3 months 
from 3 
months to 
6 months 
from 6 
months to 
1 year 
from 1 
year to 5 
years 
beyond 5 
years 
unspecifie
d maturity 
On-statement of financial position 
assets 
17,774 
- 
- 
- 
33 
- 
- 
1,944 
- 
- 
A.1 Government bonds 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
A.2 Other debt securities 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
A.3 OEIC units 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
A.4 Loans 
17,774 
- 
- 
- 
33 
- 
- 
1,944 
- 
- 
- banks 
17,773 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
1,709 
- 
- 
- customers 
- 
- 
- 
- 
33 
- 
- 
234 
- 
- 
On-statement of financial position 
liabilities 
25,293 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
B.1 Deposits 
25,293 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- banks 
24,141 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- customers 
1.152 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
B.2 Debt securities 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
B.3 Other liabilities 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Off-statement of financial position 
transactions 
- 
2,238 
5,622 
1,246 
2,331 
640 
163 
- 
- 
- 
C.1 
Financial 
derivatives 
with 
exchange of principal 
- 
2,238 
5,622 
1,246 
2,331 
640 
163 
- 
- 
- 
- long positions 
- 
1,024 
5,247 
40 
1,512 
640 
163 
- 
- 
- 
- short positions 
- 
1,215 
375 
1,206 
819 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
C.2  Financial 
derivatives 
w/o exchange of principal 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- long positions 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- short positions 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
C.3 Deposits and loans to be received 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- long positions 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- short positions 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
C.4 
Irrevocable 
commitments 
to 
disburse funds 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- long positions 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- short positions 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
C.5 Financial guarantees given 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
C.6 Financial guarantees received 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
C.1 Credit derivatives with exchange 
of principal 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- long positions 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- short positions 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
C.8 
Credit 
derivatives 
without 
exchange of principal 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- long positions 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- short positions 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
-

--- Page 365 ---
10286974115-v8 
363 
47-41075393 
 
Section 5 - Operational risk  
The Covid-19 pandemic also led to changes in the working environment, e.g. increased use of home 
office work and remote meetings.  
In cooperation with IT service provider RIS SCRL, the technical conditions for video conferencing were 
optimised and measures were implemented to improve remote digital collaboration with customers.  
Qualitative information  
A. General aspects, management processes and measurement methods for operational risk 
Operational risk is the present and future risk of adverse impact due to the inadequacy or inefficiency 
of procedures, human resources and internal systems or external events. This definition also includes 
legal risks but not strategic or reputational risks.  
Operational risk is clearly distinguished from other risks:  
­ 
it is a risk that often manifests itself at the level of an individual company;  
­ 
operational risks can occur across all areas of Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige;  
­ 
there is no central correlation between risk and income, i.e. an increase in operational risk does 
not generally lead to an increase in income;  
­ 
the risks underlying operational risk and the risk factors underlying the sub-risks are very 
heterogeneous;  
­ 
with regard to operational risk, there is often poorly documented or inconsistent historical data;  
­ 
operational risk is often difficult to manage and measure;  
­ 
In most cases, operational risks are not taken consciously.  
Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige uses the following tools to identify, analyse and assess 
operational risk:  
­ 
the results of the internal audit relevant for operational risk;  
­ 
database for the identification and analysis of harmful events;  
­ 
self-assessments regarding risks and controls and analysis of different scenarios (primarily on IT 
risk and business continuity risk related to IT risk);  
­ 
definition of operational processes;  
­ 
risk and performance indicators;  
­ 
other activities for the identification and assessment of operational risks (e.g. external benchmark 
analyses, preparation, monitoring and implementation of action plans).  
Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige determines the capital requirement for operational risk using 
the basic indicator approach. This method refers to the "relevant indicator" for the quantification of this 
capital requirement.  
The latter is 15 % of the three-year average of the relevant indicator (see Article 316 CRR).  
The systematic identification of harmful events related to operational risk is a fundamental prerogative 
for the sound analysis and assessment of risks as they manifest themselves, and for the subsequent 
identification of appropriate control measures. Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige has therefore 
created a database of harmful events in order to identify the circumstances that give rise to operational 
risks, and to analyse and assess the related risk exposures. In 2022, losses incurred due to operational 
risks amounted to less than 0.001% of the financial statement total.  
Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige has a Business Continuity Plan in place to protect it from 
crisis events that could disrupt normal operations. In this regard, the operational procedures to be 
adopted in the crisis scenarios considered were formalised and the roles and responsibilities of the

--- Page 366 ---
10286974115-v8 
364 
47-41075393 
 
various players involved were defined. The aforementioned plan also includes the Disaster Recovery 
Plan, which establishes the technical and organisational measures to be taken in the event of the 
unavailability of the information systems, even where the data processing activity has been assigned 
to a third party. The business continuity plan is reviewed annually and, if deemed appropriate, adjusted 
accordingly.  
Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige has defined its risk appetite for operational risk in the Risk 
Appetite Framework.  
Other risks closely related to operational risk  
Legal risk  
Operational risks also include legal risks (including behavioural risk).  
Pending legal proceedings  
At the end of 2022, Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige had pending legal proceedings. These 
are two cases concerning the intermediation of financial products and one case concerning the 
interpretation of contractual terms. The quantification of these risks was estimated at € 315,000.  
ICT risk (information and communication technology risk)  
The operations of Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige are to a large extent dependent on IT 
systems. Information and communication technology risk (ICT risk) and business continuity risk are a 
subcategory of operational risk. In addition to its more direct impact (e.g. process interruption, loss of 
data, etc.), the latter can also give rise to compliance, reputational and strategic risks. ICT risk and 
business continuity risk are probably the most important high-frequency, low-impact risks for companies 
for whom technology and digitalisation are critical to the success of their business models. Such risks 
are rarely serious and may never occur. However, if these risks materialise, they can be very damaging, 
even to the point of undermining the company's existence and significantly damaging its reputation. A 
malfunctioning computer system can be very costly and, if the problem persists for a long time, can 
result in a significant loss of profit or, if inadequate precautions have been taken, can even threaten the 
very existence of the company. However, this risk can take many different forms. For example, a bank 
that does not invest sufficiently in new technologies may find itself excluded from the market in the 
medium to long term, as its competitors may offer better and higher quality services or have more 
automated processes. In addition, if a bank's software is not properly analysed and a flaw goes 
undetected for a long time, it can result in high costs and/or loss of reputation.  
In addition to availability, the fundamental objectives of computer security include ensuring the 
confidentiality of important data, protection against manipulation, the ability to trace an action back to 
its originator, and the evidential value of data and computer-protected virtual operations and processes.  
Investments are made to achieve these IT security objectives. These costs include hardware and 
software costs, installation costs and other operating costs. The added value results in the reduction of 
IT risk and the reduction of workload through the rationalisation of work processes.  
Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige, also through its consortium IT service provider RIS SCRL, 
implemented systems and processes to ensure that the following basic IT security requirements are 
met on an ongoing basis:  
­ 
Availability: The availability of a computer system or service is the degree to which it can be used 
without time constraints. The information is also only available and usable by authorised persons 
at defined times and with defined procedures.  
­ 
Confidentiality: The confidentiality of an IT service represents the degree to which the data to be 
protected is not accessible, i.e. only authorised persons have access to such data.

--- Page 367 ---
10286974115-v8 
365 
47-41075393 
 
­ 
Integrity: the integrity of an IT service is the level of protection of data against unauthorised 
changes, i.e. data cannot be modified or deleted by unauthorised persons. However, even 
authorised persons cannot accidentally change data;  
­ 
Authenticity: Authenticity is the degree to which data and changes can be attributed to their author. 
Authenticity means security in case of revision.  
This means that the IT service must be able to trace all significant operations, in particular with 
regard to the persons who carried them out.  
­ 
Binding nature: Binding nature is the extent to which changes and declarations of intent made 
electronically have evidential value. 
Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige is responsible for the ICT system it uses, even in the case of 
full outsourcing. Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige uses the organised and consortium data 
processing centre of the Raiffeisen Südtirol IPS cooperative (RIPS), i.e. RIS SCRL. There is an 
agreement with this company for the provision of IT services. Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige 
also uses key network services provided by Konverto S.p.A. The analysis and assessment of the risks 
related to the IT services outsourced by Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige are carried out by 
the risk management of RIS SCRL and Konverto S.p.A. The relevant information is provided to Cassa 
Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige on a regular basis.  
With regard to information and communication technology risks, the RIPS system assumes that they 
should generally be avoided or kept to a minimum. Therefore, the RIPS system takes a restrictive 
approach to information and communication technology risk and the related business continuity risk;  
This means that the risk appetite of the RIPS system is low in relation to IT and continuity risk. RIS 
SCRL takes all necessary measures to minimise IT risks and to avoid as far as possible any 
malfunctions or interruptions of IT services, as well as security problems and incidents.  
As part of ICT (information, communication, technology) risks, the EBA (European Banking Authority) 
identifies the following risk categories within its SREP (Supervisory Review and Evaluation Process) 
framework, which aims, among other things, to monitor key indicators, analyse the business model and 
assess capital and liquidity risks, as well as banks' own funds and liquidity availability:  
• 
ICT availability and continuity risk;  
• 
ICT security risk;  
• 
ICT change risk, understood as the process of adaptation;  
• 
ICT data integrity risk;  
• 
ICT outsourcing risk.  
All IT risk assessments by RIS SCRL take this categorisation into account, so that the results can be 
directly adopted by the banks using RIS SCRL's IT services.  
In addition, Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige relies on the ISAE 3402 Type II certification carried 
out annually by RIS SCRL to analyse and assess the risks related to IT services.  
To ensure continuous improvement of IT security, known security issues and reported technical 
deficiencies are dealt with in a transparent manner.  
The IT-risk management team is responsible for handling security issues and reported technical 
shortcomings.  
The general and specific measures required by Bank of Italy Circular no. 285/2013 for the protection of 
information and ICT resources (Chapter 4 -The Information System, Section IV -The Management of

--- Page 368 ---
10286974115-v8 
366 
47-41075393 
 
Information Security, 3. The Security of Information and ICT Resources) were implemented in 
accordance with the relevant regulations.  
Reputational risk  
Reputational risk is the present and future danger of negative effects resulting from damage to the 
image of Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige. In general, reputational risk arises simultaneously 
with and as a consequence of other risks and can amplify other risks, in extreme cases creating a 
snowball effect.  
Reputational risk is one of those risks that are difficult or impossible to quantify. Consequently, the 
measurement and assessment of this risk is carried out through the monitoring of risk indicators, the 
analysis of accidents related to operational risk that affect the image, and qualitative assessments. 
Analyses of different scenarios can be used to assess reputational risk with a view to the future.  
Reputational risk can be managed by effectively managing the other risks.  
The number of customer complaints at Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige continues to be very 
low, which means that this risk can be classified as extremely low.  
The following measures, which are part of Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige's internal best 
practice, serve to effectively counter the occurrence of reputational risks:  
entry into new lines of business or new markets is made only after careful analysis of the market 
characteristics and underlying risks;  
when entering new areas of activity or new markets, but also in the carrying-out of the current business, 
compliance with ethical and moral principles (set out in the code of ethics/behaviour) takes precedence 
over the pursuit of profit maximisation;  
any activity or transaction that exposes Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige to an unquantifiable 
risk is disregarded in advance.  
In 2022, Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige recorded four customer complaints.

--- Page 369 ---
10286974115-v8 
367 
47-41075393 
 
Part F - Information on equity  
Section 1 - Company equity 
 
A. Qualitative information 
Capital adequacy is monitored through strategic planning activities. It is given an important role in 
managing its business activities and related risks. Adequate profitability, liquidity and capital strength 
are taken into account when defining strategy and growth targets.  
Within the risk appetite framework, different levels of attention are defined to ensure ongoing 
compliance with regulatory requirements and business objectives.  
Compliance with the requirements is monitored regularly on a quarterly basis by risk management.  
The bank's equity consists of the following liability items:  
• 
Share capital  
• 
Reserves  
• 
Valuation reserves  
• 
Profit for the year

--- Page 370 ---
10286974115-v8 
368 
47-41075393 
 
B. 
Quantitative information  
B.1. 
Company equity: breakdown 
Item/Amounts 
31/12/2022 
31/12/2021 
1. Share capital  
250,000 
225,000 
2. Share premium reserve  
- 
- 
3. Reserves  
202,651 
177,013 
- income related  
202,651 
177,013 
 
a) legal  
92,999 
92,999 
 
b) statutory  
- 
- 
 
c) treasury shares  
- 
- 
 
d) other  
109,653 
84,014 
 
- other  
- 
- 
4. Equity instruments  
- 
- 
5. ( Treasury shares)  
- 
- 
6. Valuation reserves  
(18,822) 
21,202 
-Equity instruments designated at fair value through other comprehensive income  
(18,822) 
21,202 
-Coverage of equity instruments at fair value through other comprehensive income  
 
 
-Financial assets (other than equity instruments) at fair value through other 
comprehensive income  
 
 
-Property, equipment and investment property  
 
 
-Intangible assets  
 
 
-Hedging of investments in foreign operations  
 
 
Cash flow hedges  
 
 
-Hedging instruments (elements not designated)  
 
 
Exchange rate differences  
 
 
- Non-current assets held for sale  
 
 
-Financial liabilities designated at fair value through profit or loss (change in Bank's 
creditworthiness)  
 
 
-Actuarial gains (losses) on defined benefit plans  
 
 
-Portion of valuation reserves of equity-accounted investments  
 
 
-Special revaluation laws  
 
 
7. Net income (loss) for the year  
11,904 
42,739 
Total 
445,734 
465,954

--- Page 371 ---
10286974115-v8 
369 
47-41075393 
 
B.2 
Valuation reserves for financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income: 
breakdown 
Asset/Amounts 
31/12/2022 
31/12/2021 
Positive reserve 
Negative 
reserve 
Positive reserve 
Negative 
reserve 
1. Debt securities 
- 
27,727 
10,216 
- 
2. Equity instruments 
4,790 
- 
7,561 
- 
3. Loans  
- 
- 
- 
- 
Total 
4,790 
27,727 
17,777 
- 
 
B.3 
Valuation reserves for financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income: 
annual changes 
 
Debt 
securities 
Equity 
instruments 
Loans 
1. Opening balance 
10,216 
7,561 
- 
2. Increases  
- 
- 
- 
2.1 Fair value gains  
- 
- 
- 
2.2 Impairment losses for credit risk  
- 
X 
- 
2.3 Reclassification to profit or loss of negative reserves on 
sales  
- 
X 
- 
2.4 Transfers to other equity components (equity instruments)  
- 
- 
- 
2.5 Other decreases  
- 
- 
- 
3. Decreases  
37,943 
- 
- 
3.1 Fair value losses  
31,862 
2,772 
- 
3.2 Reversals of impairment losses for credit risk  
- 
- 
- 
3.3 Reclassification of fair value gains to profit or loss: on sales  
6,081 
- 
- 
3.4 Transfers to other equity components (equity instruments)  
- 
- 
- 
3.5 Other decreases  
- 
- 
- 
4. Closing balance 
(27,727) 
4,790 
-

--- Page 372 ---
10286974115-v8 
370 
47-41075393 
 
Part F - Information on equity  
Section 2 - Prudential capital and ratios  
Information on Regulatory capital and ratios can be found in the public reporting ("Third Pillar") 
published on the website of Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige.

--- Page 373 ---
10286974115-v8 
371 
47-41075393 
 
Part G - Business combinations  
There were no events relating to business combinations or acquisitions of business units from other 
banks in 2022.

--- Page 374 ---
10286974115-v8 
372 
47-41075393 
 
Part H - Related party transactions  
Section 1. Information on remuneration of directors and managers.  
The remuneration of directors and statutory auditors was set by resolution of the Shareholders' Meeting. 
The salaries of managers were set by resolution of the Board of Directors. Information on remuneration 
and salaries is disclosed in accordance with IAS 24, paragraph 16.  
In 2022, remuneration of € 591 thousand was paid to the directors and € 232 thousand to the statutory 
auditors.  
These amounts do not include value added tax and other social security contributions. Managers were 
paid salaries, including social security and other charges, of € 1,680 thousand.  
 
Section 2. Information on related party transactions.  
Transactions with related parties and jointly controlled companies were carried out at arm's length. In 
2022, no specific provisions were made for losses on receivables from the above-mentioned related 
parties and jointly controlled companies. Assets, liabilities, guarantees and commitments to related and 
jointly controlled parties at the end of the reporting period are listed below.  
 
Assets 
Liabilities 
Collaterals 
Income 
Expense 
Directors  
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Board of Statutory Auditors  
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Management 
70 
586 
- 
1 
4 
Associates 
- 
1,894 
41 
1 
40 
Companies subject to joint control 
15,000 
1,096 
- 
75 
3

--- Page 375 ---
10286974115-v8 
373 
47-41075393 
 
Part I – Share-based payment agreements  
The bank did not enter into any share-based payment agreements in 2022.

--- Page 376 ---
10286974115-v8 
374 
47-41075393 
 
Part L – Segment reporting  
Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige is not obliged to provide sector information.

--- Page 377 ---
10286974115-v8 
375 
47-41075393 
 
Part M - Disclosure on leases  
Section 1 - Lessee  
 
Quantitative information  
 
With the introduction of International Financial Reporting Standard IFRS 16, the presentation of leases 
in the financial statements was redefined (see Part A Section 4, Other aspects, of the notes to the 
financial statements).  
Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell' Alto Adige analysed the existing lease contracts, considering four long-
term rental contracts relating to the company's fleet as significant.  
In total, rights of use amounting to € 119 were quantified. The discounting of the monthly instalments 
was calculated by taking a reference rate of 0.457%.  
The contracts considered have an average residual life of three years.

--- Page 378 ---
10286974115-v8 
376 
47-41075393 
 
Part M - Disclosure on leases  
Section 2 - Lessee  
 
1. 
Information on statement of financial position and income statement  
Reference is made to:  
• 
Part B, Assets, Section 4 -Financial assets measured at amortised cost, for information 
on lease financing;  
• 
Part C, Income Statement, Section 1 - Interest, for information on interest income on 
lease financing.

--- Page 379 ---
10286974115-v8 
377 
47-41075393 
 
Part M - Disclosure on leases 
Section 2 - Lessee  
 
2. 
Finance leases  
2.1 
Classification by time bands of payments to be received and reconciliation with finance 
leases 
 
Total 31/12/2022 
Total 31/12/2021 
Time bands 
Lease payments to be 
received 
Lease payments to be 
received 
Up to 1 year 
38,543 
42,318 
From 1 year to 2 years 
38,230 
40,490 
From 2 year to 3 years 
37,951 
39,377 
From 3 year to 4 years 
38,139 
30,343 
From 4 year to 5 years 
35,079 
38,330 
From 5 years 
183,643 
201,959 
Total lease payments to be received 
371,586 
392,817 
Reconciliation with finance leases 
 
 
Financial income not accrued (-) 
45,789 
42,318 
Non-guaranteed residual value (-) 
345,326 
347,646 
Finance leases 
391,115 
392,817

--- Page 380 ---
10286974115-v8 
378 
47-41075393 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
2022 Independent auditor's report

--- Page 381 ---
10286974115-v8 
379 
47-41075393 
 
 
Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen  
dell'Alto Adige S.p.A. 
Financial statements as at December 31, 2022  
 
Independent auditor's report pursuant to article 14 of Legislative 
Decree n. 39, dated 27 January 2010, and article 10 of EU Regulation n. 
537/2014

--- Page 382 ---
10286974115-v8 
380 
47-41075393 
 
Independent auditor's report pursuant to article 14 of Legislative Decree n. 39, 
dated 27 January 2010 and article 10 of EU Regulation n. 537/2014 
(Translation from the original German text) 
 
 
To the Shareholders of  
Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige S.p.A. 
 
 
Report on the Audit of the Financial Statements  
 
 
Opinion  
We have audited the financial statements of Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige S.p.A. (the Company), 
which comprise the balance sheet as at December 31, 2022, and the income statement, the statement of 
comprehensive income, statement of changes in equity and statement of cash flows for the year then ended, and 
notes to the financial statements. 
 
In our opinion, the financial statements give a true and fair view of the financial position of the Company as at 
December 31, 2022, and of its financial performance and its cash flows for the year then ended in accordance 
with International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by the European Union and with the regulations 
issued for implementing article 43 of Legislative Decree n. 136, dated August 18, 2015. 
 
 
Basis for Opinion 
We conducted our audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (ISA Italia). Our responsibilities 
under those standards are further described in the Auditor's Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial 
Statements section of our report. We are independent of the Company in accordance with the regulations and 
standards on ethics and independence applicable to audits of financial statements under Italian Laws. We believe 
that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. 
 
 
Key Audit Matters 
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in our audit of 
the financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the 
financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion 
on these matters.

--- Page 383 ---
10286974115-v8 
381 
47-41075393 
 
We identified the following key audit matter: 
 
Key Audit Matter 
Audit Response 
 
Classification and valuation of financial loans to 
customers 
 
Loans to customers measured at amortized cost, 
which are reported in line item 40 b) of the balance 
sheet, amount to Euro 1,943 million and represent 
31% of total assets. 
The classification and valuation of loans to 
customers are relevant to the audit due to the 
significance of the amount of the loans to the 
financial statement as a whole, and in consideration 
of the fact that the impairment provisions are 
determined by the Directors through the use of 
estimates that have a high degree of complexity and 
subjectivity that also imply the consideration of 
specific elements aimed at reflecting the current 
context of uncertainty on the evolution of the 
macroeconomic scenario. Amongst the estimation 
factors, the following are particularly significant: 
• 
the identification and calibration of the 
parameters for determining if a significant 
increase in credit risk occurred as 
compared to the initial recognition date, for 
the purposes of the allocation of exposures 
to Stage 1 and Stage 2 (performing loans). 
• 
the definition of the models and 
parameters of Probability of Default (PD), 
Loss Given Default (LGD) and Exposure at 
Default (EAD) applied for the calculation of 
expected losses (ECL - Expected Credit 
Losses), over one year for exposures 
classified in Stage 1 and lifetime for 
exposures classified in Stage 2, on the basis 
of historical observation of data for each 
risk class and forward-looking factors, 
including macroeconomic factors. 
• 
the identification of evidence that may lead 
to consider not fully recoverable the 
amount of the loans (evidence of 
impairment), with consequent classification 
of the exposures in Stage 3 (impaired 
loans). 
• 
for loans classified in Stage 3, the 
determination of the criteria for estimating 
In relation to this matter, our audit procedures, 
carried out also with the support of our experts, 
mainly in risk management and information 
systems, included, among other things: 
• 
updating our understanding of the policies, 
processes and controls implemented by the 
company in relation to the classification 
and evaluation of financial loans to 
customers, and performing test over key 
controls, including those relating to IT 
system for the purpose of verifying their 
operating effectiveness; 
• 
performing, on a sample basis, substantive 
procedures aimed at verifying the correct 
classification and valuation of the loan 
exposures; 
• 
understanding the methodologies used in 
relation to statistical valuations and the 
reasonableness of the assumptions used 
including the new macroeconomic 
scenarios and their weighting; 
• 
performing compliance and testing 
procedures, which were aimed to verifying 
the appropriate determination of the PD, 
LGD and EAD parameters for the purpose of 
determining the impairment provisions; 
• 
performing comparative analysis 
procedures for the loan portfolio regarding 
the most significant differences compared 
to the closing balances of the preceding 
year end and the related coverage levels; 
• 
finally, we analyzed the adequacy of the 
disclosures provided in the notes to the 
financial statements.

--- Page 384 ---
10286974115-v8 
382 
47-41075393 
 
the expected cash flows according to the 
recovery strategy. 
Disclosures regarding the evolution of the quality of 
the financial loans to customers portfolio and the 
criteria adopted for the classification and valuation 
are provided in Part A - Accounting Policies, in Part B 
– Information on the Balance Sheet, in Part C - 
Information on the income statement and in Part E - 
Information on risks and hedging policies of the 
notes to the financial statements. 
 
 
Responsibilities of Directors and Those Charged with Governance for the Financial 
Statements 
The Directors are responsible for the preparation of the financial statements that give a true and fair view in 
accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by the European Union and with the 
regulations issued for implementing article 43 of Legislative Decree n.136, dated August 18, 2015, and, within 
the terms provided by the law, for such internal control as they determine is necessary to enable the preparation 
of financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error. 
 
The Directors are responsible for assessing the Company's ability to continue as a going concern and, when 
preparing the financial statements, for the appropriateness of the going concern assumption, and for appropriate 
disclosure thereof. The Directors prepare the financial statements on a going concern basis unless they either 
intend to liquidate the Company or to cease operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so. 
 
The statutory audit committee ("Collegio Sindacale") is responsible, within the terms provided by the law, for 
overseeing the Company's financial reporting process. 
 
 
Auditor's Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Statements  
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements as a whole are free 
from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor's report that includes our 
opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in 
accordance with International Standards on Auditing (ISA Italia) will always detect a material misstatement when 
it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in aggregate, 
they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these 
financial statements.

--- Page 385 ---
10286974115-v8 
383 
47-41075393 
 
As part of an audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (ISA Italia), we have exercised 
professional judgment and maintained professional skepticism throughout the audit. In addition: 
• 
we have identified and assessed the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether 
due to fraud or error, designed and performed audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtained 
audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not 
detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as 
fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of 
internal control; 
• 
we have obtained an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit 
procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion 
on the effectiveness of the Company's internal control;  
• 
we have evaluated the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of 
accounting estimates and related disclosures made by the Directors; 
• 
we have concluded on the appropriateness of Directors' use of the going concern basis of accounting 
and, based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or 
conditions that may cast significant doubt on the Company's ability to continue as a going concern. If we 
conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor's report to 
the related disclosures in the financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to consider this 
matter in forming our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date 
of our auditor's report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Company to cease to 
continue as a going concern; 
• 
we have evaluated the overall presentation, structure and content of the financial statements, including 
the disclosures, and whether the financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events 
in a manner that achieves fair presentation. 
 
We have communicated with those charged with governance, identified at an appropriate level as required by 
ISA Italia, regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit and significant audit 
findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.  
 
We have provided those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with the ethical and 
independence requirements applicable in Italy, and we have communicated them all matters that may 
reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, the actions taken to eliminate 
relevant risks or the safeguard measures applied. 
 
From the matters communicated with those charged with governance, we have determined those matters that 
were of most significance in the audit of the financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key 
audit matters. We have described these matters in our auditor's report. 
 
 
Additional information pursuant to article 10 of EU Regulation n. 537/14 
The shareholders of Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige S.p.A., in the general meeting held on May 18, 
2020, engaged us to perform the audits of the financial statements for each of the years ending December 31, 
2021 to December 31, 2029. 
 
We declare that we have not provided prohibited non-audit services, referred to article 5, par. 1, of EU 
Regulation n. 537/2014, and that we have remained independent of the Company in conducting the audit. 
We confirm that the opinion on the financial statements included in this report is consistent with the content of 
the additional report to the audit committee (Collegio Sindacale) in their capacity as audit committee, prepared 
pursuant to article 11 of the EU Regulation n. 537/2014.

--- Page 386 ---
10286974115-v8 
384 
47-41075393

--- Page 387 ---
10286974115-v8 
385 
47-41075393 
 
Report on compliance with other legal and regulatory requirements 
 
Opinion pursuant to article 14, paragraph 2, subparagraph e), of Legislative Decree n. 39 
dated 27 January 2010 and of article 123-bis, paragraph 4, of Legislative Decree n. 58, dated 
24 February 1998 
The Directors of Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige S.p.A. are responsible for the preparation of the Report 
on Operations of Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige S.p.A. as at December 31, 2022, including their 
consistency with the related financial statements and their compliance with the applicable laws and regulations.  
We have performed the procedures required under audit standard SA Italia n. 720B, in order to express an 
opinion on the consistency of the Report on Operations with the financial statements of Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen 
dell'Alto Adige S.p.A. as at December 31, 2022 and on their compliance with the applicable laws and regulations, 
and in order to assess whether they contain material misstatements. 
In our opinion, the Report on Operations is consistent with the financial statements of Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen 
dell'Alto Adige S.p.A. as at December 31, 2022 and comply with the applicable laws and regulations. 
With reference to the statement required by art. 14, paragraph 2, subparagraph e), of Legislative Decree n. 39, 
dated 27 January 2010, based on our knowledge and understanding of the entity and its environment obtained 
through our audit, we have no matters to report. 
 
 
 
 
Milano, April 7, 2023 
 
EY S.p.A. 
Signed by: Massimiliano Bonfiglio, Auditor 
 
 
 
 
This independent auditor's report has been translated into the English language solely for the convenience of 
international readers. Accordingly, only the original text in German language is authoritative. 
 
Note: the Report on Operations is not included in this translation of the Annual Report.

--- Page 388 ---
10286974115-v8 
386 
47-41075393 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
2023 Financial Statements

--- Page 389 ---
2023 Report and financial statements | 2023 Financial statements | Statement of Financial Position 
10286974115-v8 
387 
47-41075393 
 
 
Statement of Financial Position  
 
ASSET ITEMS 
31/12/2023 
31/12/2022 
10 
Cash and cash equivalents 
332,226,670 
315,562,576 
20 
Financial assets measured at fair value through profit or 
loss 
166,116,704 
156,152,399 
 
a) financial assets held for trading 
30,644,208 
32,248,664 
 
b) financial assets designated at fair value 
0 
0 
 
c) other financial assets mandatorily measured at fair 
value 
135,472,495 
123,903,735 
30 
Financial assets measured at fair value through other 
comprehensive income 
444,868,558 
471,623,704 
40 
Financial assets measured at amortised cost 
2,836,471,261 
5,116,624,952 
 
a) due from banks 
350,648,687 
2,310,753,995 
 
b) loans to customers 
2,485,822,573 
2,805,870,956    
50 
Hedging derivatives 
11,397,960 
1,342,933 
70 
Equity investments 
29,094,304 
21,591,023 
80 
Property, equipment and investment property 
13,859,074 
13,603,475 
90 
Intangible assets 
81,173 
58,374 
 
of which:  
- 
Goodwill 
0 
0 
100 
Tax assets 
10,815,543 
25,958,629 
 
a) Current 
412,344 
6,635,635 
 
b) Deferred 
10,403,200 
19,322,994 
120 
Other assets 
123,344,203 
103,830,454 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
TOTAL ASSETS 
3,968,275,450 
6,226,348,518

--- Page 390 ---
2023 Report and financial statements | 2023 Financial statements | Statement of Financial Position 
10286974115-v8 
388 
47-41075393 
 
 
Statement of Financial Position  
 
LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY 
31/12/2023 
31/12/2022 
10 
Financial liabilities measured at amortised cost 
3,392,186,312 
5,725,313,804 
 
a) due to banks 
1,150,299,849 
3,352,855,769 
 
b) due to customers 
1,143,938,368 
1,507,056,956 
 
c) securities issued 
1,097,948,095 
865,401,078 
20 
Financial liabilities held for trading 
4,244,568 
5,773,522 
40 
Hedging derivatives 
0 
12,532 
60 
Tax liabilities 
5,848,037 
978,583 
 
a) current 
3,474,583 
0 
 
b) deferred 
2,373,454 
978,583 
80 
Other liabilities 
72,630,587 
42,009,550 
90 
Employee termination indemnities 
2,660,221 
2,847,464 
100 
Allowances for risks and charges 
6,067,498 
3,679,166 
 
a) commitments and guarantees given 
5,617,259 
3,214,736 
 
b) pension and similar obligations 
0 
0 
 
c) other allowances for risks and charges 
450,239 
464,430 
110 
Valuation reserves 
2,764,625 
(18,821,876) 
 
of which associated with discontinued operations 
0 
0 
140 
Reserves 
206,552,023 
202,651,486 
 
of which interim dividends 
0 
0 
160 
Share capital 
250,000,000 
250,000,000 
180 
Net income (loss) for the year (+/-) 
25,321,579 
11,904,287 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
TOTAL LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY 
3,968,275,450 
6,226,348,518

--- Page 391 ---
2023 Report and financial statements | 2023 Financial statements | Income Statement 
10286974115-v8 
389 
47-41075393 
 
Income statement  
 
ITEMS 
31/12/2023 
31/12/2022 
10 
Interest and similar income 
171,667,678 
73,626,051 
 
of which: interest income calculated with the effective 
interest method 
171,647,647 
72,372,267 
20 
Interest and similar expense 
(106,781,095) 
(23,918,777) 
30 
NET INTEREST INCOME 
64.886,583 
49,707,274 
40 
Fee and commission income 
47,514,326 
48,372,221 
50 
Fee and commission expense 
(28,322,566) 
(27,910,590) 
60 
NET FEE AND COMMISSION INCOME 
19,191,760 
20,461,631 
70 
Dividends and similar income 
1,667,196 
1,588,200 
80 
Profits (losses) on trading 
4,116,965 
1,740,490 
90 
Fair value adjustments in hedge accounting 
12,402 
279,301 
100 
Profits (losses) on disposal or repurchase of: 
(5,016,868) 
15,804,914 
 
a) financial assets measured at amortised cost 
1,252,377 
5,128,774 
 
b) financial assets measured at fair value through other 
comprehensive income 
(6,303,271) 
10,649,334 
 
c) financial liabilities 
34,027 
26,806 
110 
Profits (Losses) on other financial assets and liabilities 
measured at fair value through profit or loss 
10,118,872 
(10,306,761) 
 
a) financial assets and liabilities designated at fair value 
0 
0 
 
b) other financial assets mandatorily measured at fair 
value 
10,118,872 
(10,306,761) 
120 
NET INTEREST AND OTHER BANKING INCOME 
94,976,910 
79,275,048 
130 
Net (losses)/recoveries for credit risk associated with: 
(11,450,797) 
(13,439,294) 
 
a) financial assets measured at amortised cost 
(11,475,334) 
(13,557,139) 
 
b) financial assets measured at fair value through other 
comprehensive income 
24,536 
117,845 
140 
Profits (losses) on changes in contracts without 
derecognition 
(23,670) 
(797) 
150 
NET INCOME FROM FINANCIAL ACTIVITIES 
83,502,443 
65,834,957 
160 
Administrative expenses: 
(47,725,665) 
(43,417,572) 
 
a) personnel expenses 
(24,435,351) 
(22,331,414) 
 
b) other administrative expenses 
(23,290,314) 
(21,086,158) 
170 
Net provisions for risks and charges 
(2,420,123) 
(823,571) 
 
a) commitments and guarantees given 
(2,404,620) 
(691,404) 
 
b) other net provisions 
(15,503) 
(132,167) 
180 
Net adjustments to / recoveries on property, equipment 
and investment property 
(2,392,215) 
(796,913) 
190 
Net adjustments to / recoveries on intangible assets 
(55,898) 
(34,261) 
200 
Other operating expenses (income) 
9,292,480 
9,198,546 
210 
OPERATING EXPENSES 
(43,301,422) 
(35,873,771) 
220 
Profits (Losses) on equity investments 
(3,358,936) 
(9,527,566) 
240 
Goodwill impairment 
0 
(117,400) 
250 
Profits (Losses) on disposal of investments 
0 
(5,553) 
260 
INCOME (LOSS) BEFORE TAX FROM CONTINUING 
OPERATIONS 
36,842,085 
20,310,668 
270 
Taxes on income from continuing operations 
(11,520,506) 
(8,406,380) 
280 
INCOME (LOSS) AFTER TAX FROM CONTINUING 
OPERATIONS 
25,321,579 
11,904,287 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
300 
NET INCOME (LOSS) FOR THE YEAR 
25,321,579 
11,904,287

--- Page 392 ---
2023 Report and financial statements | 2023 Financial statements | Statement of comprehensive income 
10286974115-v8 
390 
47-41075393 
 
 
Statement of comprehensive income  
 
Items 
31/12/2023 
31/12/2022 
10. 
Net income (loss) for the year 
25.321.579 
11,904,287 
 
Other comprehensive income net of income taxes without 
reclassification to profit or loss 
 
 
 
 
 
 
20. 
Equity instruments designated at fair value through other comprehensive 
income. 
599,082 
(2,771,616) 
70. 
Defined benefit plans 
(28,442) 
207,769 
90. 
Portion of valuation reserves of equity-accounted investments 
- 
600,476 
140. 
Financial assets (other than equity instruments) measured at fair value 
through other comprehensive income 
21,015,861 
(38,060,581) 
170. 
Total other comprehensive income net of income taxes 
21,586,501 
(40,023,952) 
180. 
COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (Item 10+170) 
46,908,080 
(28,119,665)

--- Page 393 ---
20h23 Report and financial statements | 2023 Financial statements | Statement of changes in shareholders' equity 
10286974115-v8 
391 
47-41075393 
 
 
Statement of changes in shareholders' equity for the year ended 31.12.2023 
 
 
Balance as at 31/12/22 
Change in opening balances 
Balance as at 01/01/23 
Allocation of prior year net 
income  
Reserves 
Dividends and other allocations 
Share capital: 
 
 
 
 
 
a) ordinary shares 
250,000,000 
- 
250,000,000 
- 
- 
b) other shares 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Share premium reserve 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Reserves: 
 
 
 
 
 
a) retained earnings 
172,010,104 
- 
172,010,104 
11,904,287 
(8,003,749) 
b) other 
30,641,382 
 
30,641,382 
 
 
Valuation reserves: 
(18,821,877) 
- 
(18,821,877) 
- 
- 
Equity instruments 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Treasury shares 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Net income (loss) for the 
year 
11,904,287 
 
11,904,287 
(11,904,287) 
 
Shareholders' equity 
445,733,896 
 
445,733,896 
 
(8,003,749)

--- Page 394 ---
20h23 Report and financial statements | 2023 Financial statements | Statement of changes in shareholders' equity 
10286974115-v8 
392 
47-41075393 
 
 
 
Changes during the year 
Shareholders' equity as at 31.12.23 
Changes in reserves 
Equity transactions 
Comprehensive income for the year ended 
31.12.23 
Issue of new shares 
Purchase of treasury shares 
Extraordinary dividend distribution 
Change in equity instruments 
Derivatives on treasury shares 
Stock options 
- 
 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
250,000,000 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
175,910,642 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
30,641,382 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
21,586,501 
2,764.624 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
25,321,579 
25,321,579 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
46,908,080 
484,638,227

--- Page 395 ---
2023 Report and financial statements | 2023 Financial statements | Statement of changes in shareholders' equity 
10286974115-v8 
393 
47-41075393 
 
 
Statement of changes in shareholders' equity for the year ended 31.12.2022 
 
 
Balance as at 31.12.2021 
Change in opening balances 
Balance as at 01.01.2022 
Allocation of prior year net 
income 
Reserves 
Dividends and other allocations 
Share capital: 
 
 
 
 
 
a) ordinary shares 
225,000,000 
- 
225,000,000 
- 
- 
b) other shares 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Share premium reserve 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Reserves: 
 
 
 
 
 
a) retained earnings 
146,371,327 
- 
146,371,327 
42,738,777 
(17,100,000) 
b) other 
30,641,382 
- 
30,641,382 
- 
- 
Valuation reserves: 
21,202,075 
- 
21,202,075 
- 
- 
Equity instruments 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Treasury shares 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Net income (loss) for the 
year 
42,738,777 
- 
42,738,777 
(42,738,777) 
- 
Shareholders' equity 
465,953,560 
- 
465,953,561 
- 
(17,100,000)

--- Page 396 ---
2023 Report and financial statements | 2023 Financial statements | Statement of changes in shareholders' equity 
10286974115-v8 
394 
47-41075393 
 
 
 
Changes during the year 
Shareholders' equity as at 31.12.22 
Changes in reserves 
Equity transactions 
Comprehensive income for the year ended 
31.12.22 
Issue of new shares 
Purchase of treasury shares 
Extraordinary dividend distribution 
Change in equity instruments 
Derivatives on treasury shares 
Stock options 
- 
25,000,000 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
250,000,000 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
172,010,104 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
30,641,382 
 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
(40,023,952) 
(18,821,877) 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
11,904,287 
11,904,287 
 
25,000,000 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
(28,119,665) 
445,733,896

--- Page 397 ---
2023 Report and financial statements | 2023 Financial statements | Statement of cash flows 
10286974115-v8 
395 
47-41075393 
 
Statement of cash flows  
Indirect method  
A. OPERATING ACTIVITIES 
31/12/2023 
31/12/2022 
1. Cash flow from operations 
38,728,636 
43,113,633 
- net income (loss) for the year (+/-) 
25,321,579 
11,904,287 
- capital gains/losses on financial assets/liabilities held for trading and on  
financial assets/liabilities measured at fair value (-/+) through profit or loss (-/+) 
(14,235,837) 
8,566,272 
- capital gains/losses on hedging activities (-/+) 
(12,402) 
(279,301) 
- net losses/recoveries for credit risks (+/-) 
11,450,797 
13,439,294 
- adjustments to/net recoveries on property, equipment and investment property and 
intangible assets (+/-) 
2,448,113 
831,174 
- net accruals to allowances for risks and charges and other costs/revenues (+/-) 
2,420,123 
823,571 
- taxes, duties and tax credits to be paid/ collected (+/-) 
11,520,506 
8,406,380 
- net value adjustments/write-backs to discontinued operations net of the tax effect (+/-) 
- 
- 
- other adjustments (+/-) 
(184,243) 
(578,043) 
2. Cash flow from / used in financial assets 
2,285,303,881 
55,216,158 
-financial assets held for trading 
5,721,420 
(16,181,002) 
-financial assets designated at fair value 
- 
- 
-other financial assets mandatorily measured at fair value 
(1,449,888) 
8,498,125 
-financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income 
26,755,146 
1,147,211 
- financial assets measured at amortised cost 
2,268,702,894 
146,443,157 
-other assets 
(14,425,690) 
(84,691,333) 
3. Cash flow from / used in financial liabilities 
(2,310,718,383) 
(730,048,232) 
-financial liabilities measured at amortised cost 
(2,565,674,508) 
(758,006,515) 
-financial liabilities held for trading 
232,547,017 
39,598,416 
-financial liabilities designated at fair value 
(1,528,955) 
4,645,610 
-other liabilities 
23,938,063 
(16,285,743) 
Net cash flow from (used in) operating activities 
13,314,135 
(631,718,441) 
B. INVESTING ACTIVITIES 
 
 
1. Cash flow from 
- 
4,903,061 
- sales of equity investments 
- 
4,871,763 
- dividends from equity investments 
- 
- 
- sales of property, equipment and investment property 
- 
- 
- sales of intangible assets 
- 
31,298 
- sales of business units 
- 
- 
2. Cash flow used in 
(10,229,793) 
(342,542) 
- purchases of equity investments 
(7,503,282) 
0 
- purchases of property, equipment and investment property 
(2,647,814) 
(342,542) 
- purchases of intangible assets 
(78,697) 
- 
- purchases of business units 
- 
- 
Net cash flow from (used in) financing activities 
(10,229,793) 
4,560,519 
C. FINANCING ACTIVITIES 
 
 
- issue/repurchase of treasury shares 
- 
25,000,000 
- issue/repurchase of equity instruments 
- 
- 
- dividend distribution and other 
(13,582,752) 
(57,123,950) 
Net cash flow from (used in) financing activities 
13,582,752 
(32,123,950) 
NET CASH FLOW FROM (USED IN)  DURING THE YEAR 
16,667,094 
(659,281,871) 
  
KEY  
(+) generated  
(-) used  
Reconciliation  
Financial statement items 
31/12/2023 
31/12/2022 
Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year 
315,562,576 
974,847,447 
Total net cash flow from (used in) during the year 
16,667,094 
(659,281,871) 
Cash and cash equivalents: effect of changes in exchange rates 
(2,999) 
(3,000) 
Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year 
332,226,670 
315,562,576

--- Page 398 ---
10286974115-v8 
396 
47-41075393 
 
Notes to the financial statements  
 
PART A ACCOUNTING POLICIES  
 
A.1 GENERAL INFORMATION  
A.2 MAIN ITEMS IN THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
A.3 DISCLOSURE ON THE RECLASSIFICATION OF FINANCIAL ASSETS  
A.4 DISCLOSURE OF FAIR VALUE  
PART B INFORMATION ON THE STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION 
ASSETS  
LIABILITIES  
OTHER INFORMATION  
 
PART C INFORMATION ON THE INCOME STATEMENT  
 
PART D STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME  
 
PART E INFORMATION ON RISKS AND RELATIVE HEDGING POLICIES  
Section 1 - Credit risk  
Section 2 - Market risks  
Section 3 - Derivative instruments and hedging policies  
Section 4 - Liquidity risk  
Section 5 - Operational risk  
 
PART F INFORMATION ON SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY  
Section 1 - Company's shareholders' equity  
Section 2 – Regulatory capital and ratios  
 
PART G BUSINESS COMBINATIONS  
PART H RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS  
PART I SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS 
PART L SEGMENT REPORTING  
PART M DISCLOSURE ON LEASES

--- Page 399 ---
2023 Report and financial statements | 2023 Financial statements | Statement of cash flows 
10286974115-v8 
397 
47-41075393 
 
Part A - Accounting policies 
 
A.1 GENERAL INFORMATION  
Section 1 - Statement of compliance with international financial reporting standards  
Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige S.p.A. declares that these financial statements as at 31 
December 2023 were prepared in accordance with all international accounting standards (IAS/IFRS) 
adopted by the International Accounting Standard Board (IASB)and with the related interpretations of the 
International Financial Reporting Interpretations Committee (IFRIC) endorsed by the European 
Commission, as established by Regulation (EC) no. 1606 of 19 July 2002, as well as the instructions of 
the Bank of Italy, which were made available to banks by circular no. 262 of 22 December 2005 as 
amended. These annual financial statements comprise the statement of financial position, income 
statement, statement of comprehensive income, statement of changes in equity and statement of cash 
flow, as well as the notes to the financial statements and related comparative information. Moreover, the 
financial statements are supplemented by a report on operations of the Board of Directors and have also 
been prepared for the purpose of determining the profit for the year for calculating common equity tier 1 
capital, as required by Regulation (EU) no. 575/2013 on prudential requirements for credit institutions and 
investment firms.  
Pursuant to Article 5 of Italian Legislative Decree No. 38 of 28 February 2005, the application of 
International Accounting Standards can be waived only in exceptional cases or when the application of a 
provision of International Accounting Standards is incompatible with a true and fair view of the financial 
position, results of operations and cash flows.  
In these cases, the notes to the financial statements describe the reasons why the provisions of the 
international accounting standards are not applicable. In the annual financial statements, any profits from 
the derogation are entered into a non-distributable reserve.  
The accounting policies applied in the preparation of these financial statements as at 31 December 2023 
are consistent with those applied in the preparation of the financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2022.  
Section 2 - General principles for the preparation of financial statements  
The following general principles of IAS 1 were observed in the preparation of the financial statements:  
1) Going concern. The financial statements were prepared on a going concern basis, which means that 
assets, liabilities and off-statement of financial position transactions were measured at market value or 
amortised cost.  
No uncertainties other than those inherent in the company's business have been identified that may cast 
doubt on the company's ability to continue as a going concern.  
2) Accrual basis of accounting. The financial statements were prepared on an accrual basis. Therefore, 
costs and revenues are recognised on an accrual basis regardless of when they are settled in cash.  
3) Consistency of presentation of the financial statements. The presentation and classification of 
items are retained from one period to the next to ensure comparability of information unless a change is 
justified either by a change in an international accounting standard or its interpretation. When the 
presentation or classification of items in the financial statements is changed, the comparative amounts 
are also reclassified, indicating the nature and reasons for the reclassification.  
If the accounts are not comparable, those for the previous year are adjusted. The lack of comparability 
and the adjustment or the inability to make any such an adjustment are reported and commented on in 
these notes to the financial statements.

--- Page 400 ---
2023 Report and financial statements | 2023 Financial statements | Statement of cash flows 
10286974115-v8 
398 
47-41075393 
 
4) Materiality and aggregation. The financial statements consist of items and sub-items. The 
envisaged sub-items are aggregated when their amounts are immaterial or when aggregation 
improves clarity. In this case, the aggregated individual sub-items are shown in the notes to the 
financial statements.  
5) Offsetting. Assets and liabilities, cost and revenues may not be offset unless required or permitted 
by an international accounting standard or an interpretation thereof or by the financial statement 
formats for banks issued by the Bank of Italy.  
6) Comparative information. Comparative information for the previous period must be disclosed for 
all quantitative information, except where an international accounting standard or interpretation 
thereof envisages or expressly requires an exception. They are also included in comments and 
descriptions when this is effective for a better understanding of the financial statements.  
In the preparation of the financial statements, the formats and guidelines set forth in Bank of Italy 
Circular no. 262 of 22 December 2005 ("Banking Financial Statements: formats and guidelines", 8th 
Update of 17 November 2022), as well as the provisions contained in the Bank of Italy's supplementary 
communications, in particular that of 14 March 2023 and 27 October 2022 were complied with.  
The amounts shown in the statement of financial position, income statement, statement of 
comprehensive income, statement of changes in equity and statement of cash flow are in €. The 
amounts in the notes to the financial statements are presented in thousands of € except where the 
presentation of amounts in thousands of € would not enhance the clarity and immediacy of the 
information in the financial statements. In the latter case, the parties concerned are shown in € in the 
notes to the financial statements, with an explicit reference to this fact.  
In the statement of financial position, the income statement and the notes to the financial statements, 
items for which there are no amounts for the year ended or previous year are not shown.  
In the income statement, revenues are shown without a sign and costs are shown in brackets. In the 
statement of comprehensive income, the negative amounts are reported in brackets.  
Section 3 – Events after the reporting date  
During the period of time between the reporting date of these financial statements and their approval 
by the Board of Directors on 18 March 2024, no events took place which led to an adjustment of the 
figures approved at that time nor were there any significant events that would require an amendment 
to the disclosure provided.  
Section 4 - Other aspects  
External audit  
The annual financial statements are audited externally by the independent auditors EY S.p.A. 
pursuant to Articles 14 and 16 of Italian Legislative Decree no. 39/2010, as amended by Italian 
Legislative Decree no. 135/2016, and in accordance with the relevant task assigned by the 
shareholders' meeting on 18 May 2020.  
IAS 8 Accounting standards, changes in accounting estimates and errors  
Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige declares that it is not aware of any circumstances requiring 
disclosure for the purposes of IAS 8, paragraphs 28, 29, 30, 31, 39, 40 and 49. No material changes 
were made to the accounting and measurement methods due to the introduction of a new standard 
or interpretation. Moreover, there is no material risk that would result in significant adjustments to the 
carrying amounts of assets and liabilities within the next financial year.  
Italian Law no. 124 of 4 August 2017, art. 1, paragraph 125  
This provision was reformulated in Article 35 of Italian Law no. 58/2019. It imposes specific 
transparency obligations on all companies registered in the Companies Registry. In particular,

--- Page 401 ---
2023 Report and financial statements | 2023 Financial statements | Statement of cash flows 
10286974115-v8 
399 
47-41075393 
 
companies that receive grants, subsidies, benefits, contributions or aids, in cash or in kind, which are 
not of a general nature and which do not involve payment, remuneration or compensation, must 
disclose these amounts in the notes to the financial statements.  
The obligation to publish does not apply if the amount of these contributions in the period under review 
is less than € 10,000.  
In 2023, Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige did not receive any such contributions or other 
subsidies from the public administration.  
Mandatory accounting standards as from 1 January 2023  
The accounting standards used for preparing these financial statements, with reference to 
classification, recognition, measurement and derecognition criteria for each asset and liability item, as 
with the recognition methods for revenues and costs, have not changed much with respect to those 
used for preparing the 2022 Financial Statements. 
The IASB has introduced a number of changes with regard to accounting standards and their 
application is mandatory from 1 January 2023. In addition to the introduction of IFRS 17, described 
below, IAS 8 on estimates, IAS 1 on general disclosures and IAS 12 on deferred taxes have been 
amended. These amendments had no significant impact on the financial statements of Cassa Centrale 
Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige. 
The European Commission approved an amendment to IFRS 16 relating to lease liabilities in a sale 
and leaseback transaction and to IAS 1 relating to the classification of liabilities as current or non-
current and non-current liabilities with clauses. The application of these amendments to the 
international accounting standards is mandatory as from 1 January 2024 and Landesbank did not 
make use of early application. There are also three amendments to the international accounting 
standards that have not yet been approved by the European Commission, relating to IAS 21, IFRS 7 
and IAS 7. The Company does not consider the impact of the above to be material. 
  
IFRS 17  
On 19 November 2021, with Regulation (EU) 2021/2036, the European Commission absorbed IFRS 
17 -Insurance Contracts into European law, to which other subsequent amendments made to other 
standards refer: IFRS 1, IFRS 3, IFRS 5, IFRS 7, IFRS 9, IFRS 15, IAS 1, IAS 7, IAS 16, IAS 19, IAS 
28, IAS 32, IAS 36, IAS 37, IAS 38, IAS 40 and SIC-27. On 8 September 2022, with Regulation (EU) 
2022/1491, the European Commission absorbed amendments to IFRS 17 - Insurance Contracts into 
European law.  
The entity must apply IFRS 17 to the following contracts:  
a) insurance contracts, including reinsurance contracts, it issues;  
b) the reinsurance contracts it holds; and  
c) investment contracts with discretionary participation features it issues, provided the entity also 
issues insurance contracts. 
Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige has been using IFRS 17 since 1 January 2023. However, 
this standard does not have a significant impact on the financial statements of the Cassa Centrale 
Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige since it does not issue or hold any of the above insurance contracts. 
Use of estimates and assumptions in drawing up the financial statements  
The preparation of the financial statements also requires the use of estimates and assumptions that 
may have a significant impact on the amounts reported in the statement of financial position and 
income statement, as well as on the potential assets and liabilities in the notes to the financial 
statements. The calculation of these estimates involves the use of all available information and the 
adoption of subjective evaluations, based also on past experience, to formulate reasonable

--- Page 402 ---
2023 Report and financial statements | 2023 Financial statements | Statement of cash flows 
10286974115-v8 
400 
47-41075393 
 
assumptions in order to record management events. By their nature, the estimates and assumptions 
used can vary from year to year and, therefore, it cannot be ruled out that the values recorded in the 
financial statements may vary materially in subsequent financial statements as a result of changes in 
the subjective evaluations used.  
The main cases where the use of subjective evaluations is most required by the company 
management are:  
­ 
the quantification of impairment losses of loans and receivables and other financial assets; 
­ 
the determination of the fair value of financial instruments to be used for the purposes of the 
notes to the financial statements;  
­ 
checking any impairment of equity investments;  
­ 
the use of internal valuation models to determine the fair value of financial instruments that are 
not listed on active markets;  
­ 
the quantification of employee termination indemnities and allowances for risks and charges;  
­ 
estimates and assumptions made with regard to the recoverability of deferred tax assets.  
The description of the accounting policies applied to the main financial statement aggregates provides 
the information required to identify the main subjective assumptions and evaluations used in the 
preparation of the financial statements.  
Benchmark Regulation (EU)  
With Regulation no. 2016/1011 of 8 June 2016, the European Union launched the reform of the 
benchmark indexes for determining interest rates. The purpose of this regulation is to create a single 
regulatory basis for the entire financial sector. Therefore, for financial and banking contracts, 
transaction-based interest rates or risk-free interest rates are to be used as benchmark indexes 
instead of the interbank interest rates previously used. The regulation also provides for valid 
replacement clauses in the financial or banking contracts and agreements used (fallback rule). Such 
clauses must specify an alternative benchmark index to be used if the original benchmark index is 
unavailable or has changed significantly.  
In order to be able to implement these new provisions, the financial and banking contracts used within 
Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige were checked with respect to the benchmark indexes for 
determining interest rates and replacement clauses.  
The Bank has established a contingency plan for the replacement of a reference value, which 
describes how the Bank should proceed if the reference value is no longer available or has changed 
significantly. The risk management implemented a special prospectus to monitor reference interest 
rates and monitors this area on a monthly basis. The fallback clause is currently being implemented 
in banking contracts.  
TLTRO III refinancing operations and related accounting  
Operations  
TLTROs (targeted longer-term refinancing operations) are loans granted by the ECB to European 
banks to support the ECB's economic policy objectives, in particular by encouraging lending to 
enterprises and private and thereby stimulating the economy.  
These operations provides participating banks with access to refinancing facilities with predetermined 
start and maturity dates, divided into 10 tranches (quarterly payments from September 2019 to 
December 2021). The natural duration of the loan is three years, with the possibility of full or partial 
early repayment.  
The TLTRO III refinancing operations are governed by the ECB's decision of July 2019 and its 
subsequent amendments of September 2019, March and April 2020, January and April 2021 and 
finally 27 October 2022.  
While all the decisions taken in 2019, 2020 and 2021 were part of the ECB's expansionary monetary 
policy, the latter has since been replaced by a restrictive monetary policy due to the strong inflationary

--- Page 403 ---
2023 Report and financial statements | 2023 Financial statements | Statement of cash flows 
10286974115-v8 
401 
47-41075393 
 
tendencies in the Eurozone, especially after the outbreak of the war in Ukraine. The amendment to 
the TLTRO III regulation of October 2022 was designed with this in mind.  
This amendment, together with the increases in the ECB benchmark rates, which form the basis for 
determining the interest rates for TLTRO operations, significantly worsened the conditions for TLTRO 
III financing for the participating banks and thus also for Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige. 
In August 2019, Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige S.p.A. participated in the TLTRO III 
operations as the lead bank of the TLTRO III group together with the other participating banks of the 
Raiffeisen cooperative IPS (RIPS).  
Each bank was free to determine the amount of the loan it will use for each tranche, subject to its own 
maximum amount. The maximum amount was determined based on the stock of loans eligible for 
these operations on 28 February 2019 in accordance with the relevant regulations.  
The corresponding parameter is 55% of the stock of eligible loans, which means that Cassa Centrale 
Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige was subject to a lending limit of € 7,229,782 thousand for TLTRO III 
operations.  
The following table shows the amount of financing that Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige, as 
leading bank of the TLTRO III group, used at the beginning of each tranche, the corresponding 
maturities, any early repayments (ER) and the amounts used as at 31 December 2023: 
  
Tranche 
Currency 
Initial 
amount* 
ER amount* 
Amount 
31/12/2023* 
Maturity date 
1 
25/09/2019 
34,500 
 
past due 
28/09/2022 
2 
18/12/2019 
158,160 
 
past due 
21/12/2022 
3 
25/03/2020 
122,000 
 
past due 
29/03/2023 
4 
24/06/2020 
1,988,720 
616,080 
past due 
28/06/2023 
5 
30/09/2020 
285,000 
40,000 
past due 
27/09/2023 
6 
16/12/2020 
201,500 
165,000 
past due 
20/12/2023 
7 
24/03/2021 
265,000 
129,890 
135,110 
27/03/2024 
8 
24/06/2021 
239,500 
198,700 
40,800 
26/06/2024 
9 
29/09/2021 
40,630 
19,000 
21,630 
25/09/2024 
10 
22/12/2021 
198,800 
85,000 
113,800 
18/12/2024 
Total 
 
3,533,810 
1.253.670 
311,340 
 
* In thousand of €  
Most of this financing was transferred to the Raiffeisen member banks. The remaining amount at 
Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige is € 40,117,000. 
Definition of conditions:  
The economic conditions of these refinancing operations have been adapted several times by the 
Governing Council of the ECB to the current economic situation in the Eurozone. TLTRO III operations 
are variable rate operations, indexed to the ECB benchmark rates (the main refinancing rate and the 
interest rate on central bank deposits). 
In particular, incentive mechanisms to encourage lending to enterprises and private were included in 
the definition of conditions. 
The duration of the TLTRO III operation is divided into four periods with regard to the applied interest 
rate:  
a) 1. Special interest rate period 24/06/2020 -23/06/2021, during which an additional bonus of 0.5% 
is granted  
b) 2. Special interest rate period 24/06/2021 -23/06/2022, during which an additional bonus of 0.5% 
is granted  
c) Normal interest rate period for all other days of the duration of the loan  
d) Final interest rate period for all other days of the duration of the loan from 23 November 2022 to 
the maturity date.  
The conditions set for the participating banks depend on the development of the eligible loans, which 
is determined by comparing the development of the periods 01/10/2020 -31/12/2021(second special

--- Page 404 ---
2023 Report and financial statements | 2023 Financial statements | Statement of cash flows 
10286974115-v8 
402 
47-41075393 
 
reference period), 01/03/2020 -31/03/2021 (first special reference period) and 01/04/2019 -
31/03/2021 (second reference period) with that of the period 01/04/2018 -31/03/2019 (first reference 
period). At the same time, thresholds for the achievement of the targets were set for both special 
reference periods and for the second reference period.  
Since Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige was able to achieve the targets for eligible loans in 
the first special reference period and therefore, according to the TLTRO III regulation, the achievement 
of the targets in the second reference period is no longer relevant, two scenarios remain regarding 
the applicable conditions for TLTRO III financing (target achieved/target not achieved in the second 
special reference period).  
This incentive mechanism makes it possible to assign a corresponding interest rate to each tranche 
of the interest rate period. The latter is linked to different levels of target achievement and is indexed 
to the ECB benchmark rates. 
  
Accounting and reference assumptions  
Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige did not evaluate the TLTRO III refinancing and, in particular, 
the conditions for it, such as subsidies or other public administration contributions, and therefore 
applied IFRS 9 exclusively. This approach is based on the assumption that the ECB acts as a market 
operator and that every bank in the Eurozone has access to these refinancing operations under these 
conditions. Therefore, these conditions are presented as market conditions and not as subsidies. 
In accordance with IFRS 9, this liability is to be recognised as a financial liability measured at 
amortised cost, with reference to the effective interest rate method. 
 
The TLTRO III financing and the corresponding accrued interest are included in liability item 10 a) 
"Due to banks", while the interest on this transaction is recognised as (interest income in item 10 or 
as) interest expense in item 20 of the income statement. This resulted in interest income or expense 
of € 45,802 thousand for 2023 for Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige. 
Impacts on own funds attributable to the first-time adoption of IFRS 9  
With Regulation (EU) no. 2395 of 12 December 2017, Regulation no. 575/2013 (known as CRR) was 
updated through the inclusion of the new Article 473 bis "Introduction of IFRS 9", containing the 
transitional provisions on the effects of the first-time adoption of IFRS 9 in quarterly prudential 
supervisory reporting. The objective of the Regulation was to defer the impact on own funds deriving 
from the use of the new impairment model on all financial instruments. The adjustment of common 
equity tier 1 capital (CET 1) was originally planned for the period between 2018 and 2022, including 
in the calculation of CET 1 the impact of the increase in provisions for expected losses to the extent 
indicated below for each of the five years of the transition period: 
2018: 95%, 2019: 85%, 2020: 70%, 2021: 50% e 2022: 25%.  
Regulation (EU) no. 873/2020 introduced an additional transitional provision on value adjustments of 
performing loans (stage 1 and 2). Specifically, for the financial year 2023, the increase in impairment 
losses against performing exposures from FTA to the reporting date is not deducted by 50% from own 
funds. 
Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige S.p.A. decided to make use of this transitional regime of Art. 
473. bis., as defined in Regulation (EU) 2020/873. 
In order to ensure a like-for-like comparison, banks using the transitional arrangements must provide 
appropriate disclosures on own funds, capital absorption and prudential ratios. 
 
A.2 MAIN ITEMS IN THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
Asset items

--- Page 405 ---
2023 Report and financial statements | 2023 Financial statements | Statement of cash flows 
10286974115-v8 
403 
47-41075393 
 
Item 10. Cash and cash equivalents  
This item includes legal tender banknotes and coins as well as demand deposits with the Bank of Italy. 
Foreign currency balances are translated into euro at the exchange rate prevailing at the end of the 
reporting period.  
As from the financial statements as at 31 December 2021, this item also includes due from banks at 
sight.  
Item 20. Financial assets measured at fair value through profit or loss (FVTPL)  
 
This item includes all financial assets not classified in the portfolio "Financial assets measured at fair 
value through other comprehensive income" and in the portfolio "Financial assets measured at 
amortised cost".  
However, for certain investments in equity instruments that would otherwise be measured at fair value 
through profit or loss, upon initial recognition an entity may make an irrevocable choice of recognising 
them in the item "Financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income". 
A financial instrument is measured at fair value through profit or loss (FVTPL) if:  
­ 
it is given a business model (other – trading) whose objective is achieved through the sale of 
financial instruments;  
­ 
the fair value option (FVO) is applied;  
­ 
it fails the SPPI test.  
If the fair value of a financial asset becomes negative (e.g. for derivative contracts), this asset is 
recorded under item 20 "Financial liabilities held for trading".  
Item 20. a) Financial assets held for trading  
Financial assets held for trading can consist of debt securities, equity instruments, loans, quotas of 
OEIC and derivatives.  
Classification criteria  
Financial assets are classified as held for trading if:  
­ 
they are mainly acquired to be sold in the short term;  
­ 
they form part of a portfolio of clearly identified and jointly managed financial instruments for 
which a short-term profit strategy is pursued;  
­ 
they represent a derivative, except for those used for hedging purposes. Derivatives that are 
recognised separately from the host contract when all the prescribed conditions for separation 
are met are also taken into account.  
Item 20. c) Other financial assets mandatorily measured at fair value  
Classification criteria   
This category includes financial assets mandatorily measured at fair value (debt securities, equity 
instruments, investment fund units not held for trading and loans) that do not meet the requirements 
for classification at amortised cost or at fair value through other comprehensive income and that are 
not held for trading.  
For the sub-items a) Financial assets held for trading, b) Financial assets designated at fair value and 
c) Financial assets mandatorily measured at fair value, the following accounting criteria are applied:  
Initial recognition criteria  
The FVTPL financial assets are recognised in the financial statements when Cassa Centrale 
Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige becomes a contracting party. For debt securities, investment funds and 
equity instruments this corresponds to the settlement date, for loans to the disbursement date, and 
for OTC derivative contracts to the date the contract is entered into.  
FVTPL financial assets are initially recognised at fair value, which is generally the consideration paid 
by the bank, less transaction costs that are recognised immediately in profit or loss when directly

--- Page 406 ---
2023 Report and financial statements | 2023 Financial statements | Statement of cash flows 
10286974115-v8 
404 
47-41075393 
 
attributable to the financial asset. Derivative instruments held for trading are recognised on date the 
contract is signed (trade date) and measured at the value of the consideration paid. 
  
Measurement criteria  
After initial recognition, FVTPL financial assets are measured at their fair value at the end of each 
reporting date. Fair value is defined as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to 
transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date and 
under current market conditions. For the purposes of determining fair value, reference is made to the 
three-level fair value hierarchy (hereinafter also referred to as "stage") under IFRS 13. The assignment 
to one of the three levels of fair value is not based on subjective parameters as the valuation 
techniques used (pricing models) are mainly based on observable market inputs. This minimises the 
use of unobservable market inputs. The valuation technique used for a financial instrument is 
maintained over time. It is changed only as a result of significant changes in market conditions or in 
the subjective conditions of the issuer of the financial instrument.  
For instruments quoted in active markets, fair value corresponds to the price published at the end of 
the reporting period, i.e. the market price (level 1).  
For instruments not quoted in active markets, fair value is determined by means of valuation 
techniques based on data directly or indirectly observable on the market (level 2).  
On the other hand, financial instruments in fair value level 3 are measured using valuation techniques 
based on unobservable market inputs. Unobservable market inputs are used to estimate fair value 
where observable market inputs are not available. These inputs reflect the assumptions, including risk 
assumptions, that market participants would consider in pricing the asset or liability.  
Derecognition criteria 
FVTPL financial assets are derecognised when the contractual rights to the cash flows from the assets 
expire or when the financial asset has been sold by transferring substantially all of the related risks 
and benefits.  
Recognition of income components  
The income components of the financial instruments in asset item 20 are recognised in profit or loss 
as follows:  
­ 
interest income and expenses are recognised in items 10 and 20 of the income statement;  
­ 
dividends relating to shares or units held are shown under item 70 "Dividends and similar income" 
of the income statement;  
­ 
realised gains and losses as well as valuation gains and losses on financial assets classified 
under item 20 a) are recognised in profit or loss under item 80 "Profits (Losses) on trading"; 
realised gains and losses as well as the measurement result of financial assets classified in item 
20 c) are recognised in profit or loss in item 110 b) "Profits (Losses) on other financial assets and 
liabilities measured at fair value through profit or loss, other financial assets mandatorily 
measured at fair value".  
Item 30. Financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income 
(FVTOCI)  
Classification criteria   
This item includes all financial assets (debt securities, equity instruments and loans) classified in the 
portfolio measured at fair value through other comprehensive income (FVTOCI).  
A financial asset is measured at fair value through other comprehensive income if:  
­ 
it is characterised by a "hold to collect and sell" business model, with the objective of both 
collecting contractual cash flows and selling financial assets;  
­ 
the contractual terms of the business result in cash flows that represent only payments of 
principal and interest calculated on the residual principal at precise intervals, i.e. the cash flow 
requirements are met (SPPI test).

--- Page 407 ---
2023 Report and financial statements | 2023 Financial statements | Statement of cash flows 
10286974115-v8 
405 
47-41075393 
 
There are two types of financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income:  
­ 
with "recycling" in profit or loss (e.g. debt securities not held for trading);  
­ 
without "recycling" in profit or loss (e.g. equity instruments not held for trading, for which the 
equity option was exercised). 
The classification as FVTOCI with recycling implies that changes in fair value are recognised in equity 
and pass to profit or loss only in case of sale; On the other hand, the classification without recycling 
implies that changes in fair value due to sale also pass to equity.  
Initial recognition criteria  
FVTOCI financial assets are initially recognised at fair value, which is generally the cost of the 
transaction adjusted for any directly attributable costs and revenues.  
These financial instruments are recognised in the financial statements when the bank becomes a 
contracting party; this is the settlement date for debt securities and equity instruments, the 
disbursement date for loans and the contract date for OTC derivatives.  
Without prejudice to the exceptions envisaged by IFRS 9 for the reclassification and simultaneous 
redefinition of the business model, transfers from the FVTOCI portfolio to other portfolios and vice 
versa are not possible.  
Measurement criteria 
After their initial recognition, financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive 
income are measured at their fair value, according to the criteria illustrated for assets held for trading 
under asset item 20. In the case of unquoted equity instruments for which there is no reliable fair value 
measurement, the purchase price is considered to be the best estimate of fair value and is used as 
such.  
Financial instruments measured at fair value through other comprehensive income are subject to the 
three-step impairment model in accordance with IFRS 9, as described below for asset item 40.  
Derecognition criteria 
Financial assets can be derecognised only when the contractual rights to the cash flows from the 
assets expire or when the financial asset is sold by transferring substantially all of the related risks 
and benefits. 
Derecognition or partial derecognition of financial assets is also possible if there is no objective 
prospect of recovering all or part of the receivable and the loss is deemed to be unavoidable, for 
example, on the basis of established legal grounds.  
Recognition of income components  
The income components of assets recorded under asset item 30 are recognised as follows:  
­ 
interest income and expenses are recognised in profit or loss under items 10 and 20. The 
effective interest rate method takes into account all taxes paid between the parties, transaction 
costs and any premium or discount paid;  
­ 
dividends are recorded under item 70 "Dividends and similar income" of the income statement;  
­ 
Net impairment losses for credit risk of FVTOCI financial assets are recognised in profit or loss 
under item 130 b) "Financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income";  
­ 
realised gains and losses generated by the sale of FVTOCI financial assets with recycling are 
recognised in profit or loss under item 100 b) "Profits (Losses) on disposal or repurchase of: 
financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income";  
­ 
the net gains or losses from the purchase or sale of equity instruments without recycling are 
recognised in income-related reserves, i.e. in equity and not in profit or loss.

--- Page 408 ---
2023 Report and financial statements | 2023 Financial statements | Statement of cash flows 
10286974115-v8 
406 
47-41075393 
 
Item 40. Financial assets measured at amortised cost:  
a) 
Due from banks  
b) 
Loans to customers  
Classification criteria 
A financial asset is measured at amortised cost if:  
­ 
it is characterised by a "hold to collect" business model, the objective of which is to collect 
contractual cash flows;  
­ 
the contractual terms of the business result in contractual cash flows that represent only 
payments of principal and interest calculated on the residual principal (known as SPPI compliant 
flows).  
In particular, the following instruments are recognised in this financial statement item:  
­ 
loans and receivables in various technical forms to banks that fulfil the conditions set out in the 
previous paragraph;  
­ 
loans and receivables in various technical forms to customers that fulfil the conditions set out in 
the previous paragraph;  
­ 
debt securities that fulfil the conditions set out in the previous paragraph.  
Initial recognition criteria  
In this item, debt securities are initially recognised on the settlement date and loans and receivables 
from banks and customers on the date of their disbursement or purchase, or when the customer 
obtains the right to receive the contractually agreed amounts.  
Loans and receivables are initially recognised at their fair value, which is normally the amount 
disbursed or the consideration paid for their purchase, plus/minus the revenues/costs directly 
attributable to the transaction.  
However, this value does not include costs that are reimbursed directly by the bank and customers or 
that are considered as internal administrative costs.  
Measurement criteria 
Measurements after initial recognition are made on the basis of the amortised cost principle using the 
effective interest rate method.  
The amortised cost of a financial asset or financial liability is the amount at which a financial asset or 
financial liability is measured at initial recognition less principal repayments, plus or minus, on an 
effective interest rate basis, the cumulative amortisation of any difference between that initial amount 
and the amount at maturity and, for financial assets, adjusted for any impairment loss.  
  
The effective interest rate method is the method of calculating the amortised cost of a financial asset 
or liability and of allocating the interest income or expense over its amortisation period.  
The effective interest rate is the rate that exactly discounts estimated future payments or receipts over 
the expected life of the financial asset or financial liability to the gross carrying amount of a financial 
asset or the amortised cost of a financial liability.  
When calculating the effective interest rate, the entity must estimate the expected cash flows taking 
into account all contractual terms of the financial instrument (for example, advance payment, 
extension, a call option and similar options), but must not consider expected credit losses. The 
calculation includes all expenses or income paid or received between the parties to the contract that 
are an integral part of the effective interest rate, transaction costs and all other premiums or discounts.  
Transaction costs (or fee and commission expense) are the marginal costs directly attributable to the 
acquisition, issue or disposal of a financial asset or liability. A marginal cost is a cost that would not 
have been incurred if the entity had not acquired, issued or disposed of the financial instrument.  
An expense or income can be considered as a transaction cost and therefore be added to or deducted 
from the consideration paid (initial recognition value) only if:  
­ 
it is directly attributable to the transaction;

--- Page 409 ---
2023 Report and financial statements | 2023 Financial statements | Statement of cash flows 
10286974115-v8 
407 
47-41075393 
 
­ 
it is known at the time of the transaction.  
Transaction costs include fees and commissions paid to agents (including employees acting as 
commercial agents), consultants, brokers and dealers, contributions levied by regulatory bodies and 
stock exchanges, taxes and duties. Transaction costs do not include premiums or discounts, financing 
costs or internal administrative or management costs.  
The amortised cost method is not applied to short-term loans that have been granted up to maturity 
or with no indication of a maturity date, in view of the fact that for such loans the effect of discounting 
is normally not significant.  
With regard to the determination of impairment losses, please refer to the chapters on stage allocation 
and impairment of financial assets in the general part on accounting policies.  
Sales  
IFRS 9 requires that the exposures included in the portfolio of "Financial assets measured at 
amortised cost" be sold when certain materiality or frequency thresholds are reached, when they are 
nearing maturity, when there is an increase in credit risk or when exceptional circumstances arise. In 
this regard, it should be noted that the sales transactions of debt securities carried out by the bank in 
2023 were in compliance with the materiality and frequency thresholds set out in the policy on the 
classification and measurement of financial instruments. During 2023 and up to the date of preparation 
of these financial statements, there was no change in the eligibility criteria for sales of financial assets 
managed under the "HTC" business model. Finally, it should be noted that the management of the 
debt securities classified in the "HTC" portfolio continues in line with the decisions taken in previous 
years.  
Derecognition criteria 
These financial assets are derecognised when the risks and benefits related to their ownership are 
substantially transferred and no control is retained over them. This item is generally derecognised 
when the loan is repaid in full or the financial instrument is extinguished.  
Derecognition or partial derecognition of financial assets is also possible if there is no objective 
prospect of recovering all or part of the receivable and the loss is deemed to be unavoidable, for 
example, on the basis of established legal grounds. 
Recognition of income components  
The income components of these financial assets are recognised as follows:  
­ 
interest and similar income and expenses are recognised in profit or loss under items 10 "Interest 
and similar income" and 20 "Interest and similar expense", interest calculated using the effective 
interest rate method is recognised under the sub-item "Interest income calculated with the 
effective interest method";  
­ 
gains/losses from net impairment losses for credit risk of financial assets are recognised in item 
130 a) of the income statement "Net impairment losses of financial assets measured at amortised 
cost". If the reasons for the write-down of the financial assets no longer apply, the respective 
write-backs cannot exceed the amount of the previously recognised write-downs;  
­ 
the net gain or loss on the sale or repurchase of financial assets is recognised in item 100 a) of 
the income statement "Profits (Losses) on sale or repurchase of financial assets measured at 
amortised cost";  
­ 
the net gain or loss on changes in contracts without derecognition of financial assets is 
recognised in item 140 of the income statement "Profits (losses) on changes in contracts without 
derecognition".

--- Page 410 ---
2023 Report and financial statements | 2023 Financial statements | Statement of cash flows 
10286974115-v8 
408 
47-41075393 
 
Item 50. (Liability item 40) - Hedging derivatives  
Classification criteria 
This item includes derivative financial instruments used for hedging purposes that have a 
positive/negative fair value at the end of the reporting period. Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige 
applies the transitional provisions of IFRS 9 in relation to hedge accounting, i.e. it applies the hedge 
accounting requirements of IAS 39 instead of the requirements of IFRS 9 chapter 6. 
  
The hedging transactions aim at neutralising the potential losses on a particular financial instrument 
or group of financial instruments attributable to a certain risk (e.g. rise in interest rates) by means of 
gains on the hedging instruments should that particular risk actually occur. Hedging transactions are 
carried out exclusively by entering into financial derivative contracts with independent banking 
counterparties.  
Hedging transactions refer to individual financial instruments. The transaction is classified as a hedge 
if the bank's risk management objectives and hedging strategy have been established and if there is 
a formal and documented designation of the relationship between the hedged instrument and the 
hedging derivative, and if that relationship is highly effective both at the time the hedge begins and 
throughout its life.  
A hedge is considered to be highly effective if changes in the fair value of the hedged instrument are 
offset by changes in the fair value of the hedging derivatives and this in accordance with the company's 
original hedging strategy documented for the specific hedge transaction. More precisely, a hedge is 
considered to be effective when changes in the fair value of the hedging derivative neutralise changes 
in the fair value of the hedged item within a range of 80%-125%.  
The effectiveness of the hedge is assessed at the beginning of the hedge and on an ongoing basis 
during the life of the hedge and, in particular, at each annual or interim reporting period, using:  
­ 
prospective tests that justify the application of hedge accounting and demonstrate the expected 
effectiveness of the hedge in future periods;  
­ 
retrospective tests that show the degree of effectiveness of the hedging achieved in the period 
to which it refers.  
If the tests do not confirm the effectiveness of the hedge, the hedge accounting is discontinued as 
described above, and the hedging instrument is reclassified as a financial asset or liability held for 
trading.  
Hedging transactions are also no longer classified as such if:  
­ 
the hedging transaction is cancelled;  
­ 
in case of sale, expiry or withdrawal from the hedging transaction;  
­ 
the hedged element is sold, expires or is reimbursed;  
­ 
the hedging transaction is interrupted.  
 
Initial recognition criteria  
Hedging derivatives are initially recognised at fair value on the settlement date.  
Measurement criteria 
Fair value hedging derivatives, after initial recognition, are measured at fair value through the 
recognition in profit or loss of changes in fair value, referring both to the hedged item (for the portion 
attributable to the hedged risk only) and to the hedging derivative. In this way, the change in the fair 
value of the hedged item is substantially offset by the opposite change in the fair value of the hedging 
derivative.  
Recognition of income components  
The net result of hedging transactions, i.e. the hedged instrument and the hedging derivative, is 
recognised in item 90 of the income statement "Fair value adjustments in hedge accounting". Interest

--- Page 411 ---
2023 Report and financial statements | 2023 Financial statements | Statement of cash flows 
10286974115-v8 
409 
47-41075393 
 
on hedging derivative contracts is recognised as interest income or interest expense in items 10 and 
20 of the income statement, respectively.  
Derecognition criteria 
Hedging transactions are derecognised if the bank has transferred all risks and benefits related to the 
financial asset.  
Item 70. Equity Investments  
Classification criteria 
This item includes the equity investments of Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige in wholly- and 
jointly-controlled companies, as well as those subject to significant influence.  
Initial recognition criteria  
Initial recognition is at purchase cost, which is considered to be the fair value, and occurs on the 
settlement date or the date of reclassification of the equity investment.  
Measurement criteria  
After initial recognition, equity investments are recognised on the basis of the portion of equity. The 
carrying amount of the equity investment is tested for impairment by comparing its estimated 
realisable value with its carrying amount whenever there is an indication that the equity investment 
may be impaired.  
Derecognition criteria 
Equity investments are derecognised when the assets in question are sold by transferring substantially 
all the relevant risks and benefits.  
Recognition of income components  
The net gains and losses on equity investments are recognised in item 220 of the income statement 
"Profits (losses) on equity investments". This item also includes any impairment losses or recoveries 
of equity investments.  
The payment of dividends received during the year are deducted directly from this financial statement 
item.  
Item 80. Property, equipment and investment property  
Classification criteria 
This financial statement item recognises property, equipment and investment property used in the 
business under IAS 16 and property, plant and equipment held for investment purposes under IAS 40.  
In particular, the item includes land, buildings, plant and equipment, furniture and fixtures, and other 
equipment. Assets used in the business have physical substance and are held to be used in the 
production or provision of goods and services or for administrative purposes. These assets are 
expected to be used for more than one financial year.  
This item also includes rights of use on property, plant and equipment deriving from leases in 
accordance with IFRS 16.  
Initial recognition criteria  
Initial recognition of property, equipment and investment property takes place when they are 
purchased at cost. The purchase cost includes all the expenses directly attributable to the entry into 
operation of the asset.  
In accordance with IFRS 16, for leases, the right of use acquired is recognised at the inception of the 
lease, i.e. when the related financial obligation (lease payments or rent) is recognised.  
Extraordinary maintenance costs, which involve an increase in future economic benefits, are 
recognised directly to property, equipment and investment property. All other maintenance costs 
incurred in subsequent years are recognised in profit or loss in the year in which they are incurred

--- Page 412 ---
2023 Report and financial statements | 2023 Financial statements | Statement of cash flows 
10286974115-v8 
410 
47-41075393 
 
under item 160.b) "Other administrative expenses", if they refer to property, equipment and investment 
property used in the business.  
Measurement criteria 
Subsequently, Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige applies the cost model in accordance with 
paragraph 30 of IAS 16 to these assets. After initial recognition, i.e., the property, equipment and 
investment property is recorded at purchase cost, net of accumulated depreciations and impairment. 
For properties held for investment purposes in accordance with IAS 40, Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen 
dell'Alto Adige uses the option in accordance with paragraph 56 of IAS 40, i.e. it measures all of its 
properties held for investment purposes using the cost method in accordance with IAS 16. However, 
this does not apply to properties held for sale in accordance with IFRS 5 (Non-current assets held for 
sale and discontinued operations) and recognised under item 110 of assets.  
This item includes, among other things, the buildings and land of Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto 
Adige. Property, equipment and investment property in accordance with IAS 16 and IAS 40 are 
depreciated on a straight-line basis, and the expected useful life of the asset within the enterprise is 
considered to be its useful life. Land is not depreciated as it has an indefinite useful life.  
With regard to rights of use recognised in accordance with IFRS 16, the same principles in force for 
property, equipment and investment property are used for amortisation purposes.  
Impairment  
With regard to impairment, Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige operates in accordance with IAS 
36. More precisely, property, equipment and investment property are periodically assessed by Cassa 
Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige by comparing the recoverable amount with the carrying amount of 
the cash-generating unit. The recoverable amount is considered to be the higher of the fair value less 
costs to sell and the value in use of the cash-generating unit.  
If the recoverable amount of the cash-generating unit is less than its carrying amount, the 
corresponding difference is immediately recognised in profit or loss as an impairment loss.  
With regard to rights of use recognised in accordance with IFRS 16, the same principles in force for 
property, equipment and investment property are used to determine impairment.  
Derecognition criteria 
Property, equipment and investment property are derecognised from the financial statements only if 
Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige has lost all the relevant risks and benefits, i.e. if no economic 
benefits are expected from the asset, if the asset is no longer at the disposal of Cassa Centrale 
Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige or if the right to use the asset has expired.  
Recognition of income components  
The income components of these financial assets are recognised as follows:  
­ 
depreciation due to use and any impairment losses are recognised in item 180 of the income 
statement "Net adjustments to / recoveries on property, equipment and investment property";  
­ 
net gains and losses on sale are recognised in profit or loss under item 250 "Profits (Losses) on 
disposal of investments";  
­ 
gains and losses from the fair value measurement of property, equipment and investment 
property are recognised in item 230 of the income statement "Net result of property, plant and 
equipment and intangible assets at fair value".  
The calculation of depreciation due to use is based on the estimated useful life of each property, 
equipment and investment property, which are grouped by homogeneous classes for this purpose. 
Depreciation is on a straight-line basis.  
Land and work of art are not depreciated as they have an indefinite useful life.

--- Page 413 ---
2023 Report and financial statements | 2023 Financial statements | Statement of cash flows 
10286974115-v8 
411 
47-41075393 
 
Investment property  
 
This investment property is held by Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige to increase rental income 
and/or invested capital. The criteria for initial recognition, measurement and derecognition of this 
investment property are the same as for investment property used in the business.  
Depreciation due to use and any impairment losses are recognised in item 180 of the income 
statement "Net adjustments to / recoveries on property, equipment and investment property" in 
proportion to the estimated useful life of the asset in question.  
Investment property is impaired when there is evidence of impairment loss and the carrying amount 
does not fully cover the potential net realisable value. In this case, the required impairment is 
recognised in profit or loss under item 180 "Net adjustments to / recoveries on property, equipment 
and investment property".  
If the value of a previously impaired asset is reinstated because the reasons for its impairment no 
longer exist, the new carrying amount, net of depreciations, cannot exceed the carrying amount that 
would have been determined had no impairment loss been recognised for the asset in prior periods.  
Item 90. Intangible assets  
Classification criteria 
Intangible assets are assets that the bank uses for several years or indefinitely and from which it 
expects to derive future economic benefits. Intangible assets consist mainly of expenses for the 
purchase of software. Costs capitalised in previous periods have been retained and their amortisation 
continued.  
This item also includes rights of use on intangible assets deriving from leases in accordance with IFRS 
16.  
Initial recognition criteria  
Intangible assets are recognised at purchase cost, which includes the purchase price and all directly 
attributable additional expenses, only if it is probable that the future economic benefits attributable to 
the asset will materialise and if the cost of the asset can be measured reliably. Various factors are 
considered when estimating the useful life, such as the expected period of use, technical, commercial 
or other kind of deterioration, the dependence of the useful life of the asset on the useful life of other 
assets, etc.  
If a future value in use cannot be determined, the costs of intangible assets are recognised directly in 
profit or loss in the year in which they are incurred. Any subsequent expenses are capitalised only if 
they increase the value and/or the expected economic benefits of the intangible asset.  
Measurement criteria 
After initial recognition, intangible assets are recorded at purchase cost, net of accumulated 
amortisation and impairment. The amortisation of intangible assets with a definite useful life is 
calculated according to their useful life.  
At the end of each reporting period or interim reporting period, intangible assets are tested for 
impairment (impairment test). If there is objective evidence that an individual asset may be impaired, 
this impairment is estimated and recognised in item 190 of the income statement " Net adjustments 
to / recoveries on intangible assets". In determining the impairment, the carrying amount of the asset 
is compared with its net realisable value by deducting any costs to sell directly attributable to the 
property, equipment and investment property and its value in use, which is understood to be the 
present value of the future cash flows expected to arise from the asset as a result of its continued use. 
If the value of a previously impaired asset is reinstated because the reasons for its impairment no 
longer exist, the new carrying amount cannot exceed the carrying amount that would have been 
determined had no impairment loss been recognised for the intangible asset in prior periods.

--- Page 414 ---
2023 Report and financial statements | 2023 Financial statements | Statement of cash flows 
10286974115-v8 
412 
47-41075393 
 
Derecognition criteria 
An intangible asset is derecognised when it is sold or when no economic benefits are expected to 
arise from its use or sale.  
Recognition of income components  
Depreciation due to use and impairment losses are recognised in item 190 of the income statement 
"Net adjustments to / recoveries on intangible assets".  
The gains and losses on sale of intangible assets are recognised in profit or loss under item 250 
"Profits (Losses) on disposal of investments".  
For intangible assets that are not amortised, any impairment losses are recognised in item 240 of the 
income statement "Goodwill impairment losses".  
Item 100. Tax assets  
­ 
current  
­ 
deferred  
Item 60 Tax liabilities  
­ 
current  
­ 
deferred  
Tax receivables and payables are shown in the statement of financial position under item 100 "Tax 
assets" and item 60 "Tax liabilities", respectively. Tax assets and liabilities include current taxes, 
deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities for the year in question.  
Income taxes are calculated in accordance with national tax regulations and applying the tax rates in 
force. The amount of tax assets/liabilities also includes the reasonably estimated risk arising from 
outstanding tax disputes. If there are taxable temporary differences, the relevant tax assets or 
liabilities are recognised. No deferred taxes are provided for in relation to valuation reserves subject 
to tax deferral as it is currently considered that the conditions for future taxation have not been met. 
Deferred tax assets are recognised using the liability method and on the assumption that there is 
reasonable certainty of their recovery in future years. Tax assets and liabilities are normally 
recognised in profit or loss, unless they arise from transactions whose effects are recognised directly 
in equity. In the latter case, tax assets and liabilities are recognised directly in equity.  
Item 120. Other assets (Item 80. of Liabilities Other liabilities)  
All assets and liabilities that cannot be classified under other statement of financial position items are 
recognised under these items. They are measured at their actual value on the date of preparation of 
the financial statements. Examples include assets such as receivables from services, accruals 
deferrals, receivables from suppliers, receivables from withholding taxes and amounts to be 
processed, provided they are of low value. Amounts under this item are normally recognised at their 
nominal value, provided the measurement shows that the latter is realisable.  
With Italian Decree Laws no. 18/2020 and no. 34/2020, tax incentives for private and enterprises for 
investments and other expenses were introduced into Italian law. Private and enterprises have the 
option of using these benefits in the form of tax credits or selling the tax credits to third parties, 
including banks. Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige took advantage of these opportunities and 
offered its customers the purchase of such tax credits.  
Since these tax credits are not attributable to any accounting principle, they are recognised in this 
financial statement item at amortised cost in accordance with a recommendation of the supervisory 
authorities Bank of Italy, Consob and IVASS.

--- Page 415 ---
2023 Report and financial statements | 2023 Financial statements | Statement of cash flows 
10286974115-v8 
413 
47-41075393 
 
Liabilities  
Item 10. Financial liabilities measured at amortised cost:  
a) Due to banks  
b) Due to customers  
c) Securities issued  
Classification criteria 
Financial Statement items 10 a) and 10 b) include financial liabilities to banks and customers in any 
technical form measured at amortised cost (deposits, current accounts, loans). Item 10 c) includes 
securities issued measured at amortised cost.  
This item also includes funds made available by the State or other public bodies for specific statutory 
purposes (e.g. third-party funds under management), provided that interest income and expenses 
have been agreed for the lending institution.  
Moreover, this item includes securities issued measured at amortised cost (e.g. savings bonds), i.e. 
securities expired not yet repaid. 
Initial recognition criteria  
The financial liabilities are recognised in the financial statements when Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen 
dell'Alto Adige becomes a party to the financial instrument. Initial recognition takes place at the value 
that normally corresponds to the consideration received from the bank. The initial recognition value 
also includes any transaction costs and revenues if they are directly attributable to the liability.  
Measurement criteria 
After initial recognition, financial liabilities are measured at amortised cost using the effective interest 
rate method as described in asset item 40. Short-term liabilities continue to be recognised at the value 
of the consideration received.  
Derecognition criteria 
Financial liabilities are derecognised when they are extinguished, i.e. when the liability is settled by 
payment to the creditor or when Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige is legally released from its 
original obligation under the liability, either by law or by the creditor.  
Liabilities issued and subsequently repurchased by the bank are derecognised.  
Recognition of income components  
Interest expense is recognised in item 20. of the income statement "Interest and similar expense". 
The gains and losses on sale or purchase of financial liabilities, as well as on repurchase of securities 
issued by the bank, are recognised in profit or loss under item 100 c) "Profits (Losses) on sale or 
repurchase of financial liabilities".  
Item 20. Financial liabilities held for trading  
Classification criteria 
This financial statement item includes financial liabilities held for trading, regardless of their technical 
form. This also includes financial derivatives other than hedging derivatives with a negative fair value.  
Initial recognition criteria  
Financial liabilities held for trading are recognised in the financial statements on the settlement date. 
Initial recognition is at the value of the consideration received, which is equivalent to their fair value. 
Measurement criteria 
After initial recognition, financial liabilities held for trading are measured at fair value determined in 
accordance with IFRS 9.  
Derecognition criteria

--- Page 416 ---
2023 Report and financial statements | 2023 Financial statements | Statement of cash flows 
10286974115-v8 
414 
47-41075393 
 
Financial liabilities are derecognised when they are extinguished.  
Recognition of income components  
Income components are recognised as follows:  
­ 
interest and similar expense are recognised in item 20. of the income statement "Interest and 
similar expense";  
­ 
any valuation, sale or purchase gains or losses are recognised in item 80 of the income statement 
"Profits (Losses) on trading".  
Item 90. Employee termination indemnities 
 
The employee termination indemnity fund is to be understood as a payable to personnel relating to a 
defined benefit that will be paid to them at the end of their employment. Its recognition in the financial 
statements required estimating the amount of benefits accrued by employees and discounting them 
using actuarial techniques. These benefits were calculated by an external and independent actuary 
using the projected unit credit method, which considers each period of service as giving rise to an 
additional unit of employee termination indemnities to be used in calculating the final obligation. Total 
future cash outflows are calculated on the basis of demographic assumptions regarding the evolution 
of existing employees and other economic and financial assumptions and discounting these flows at 
a market interest rate.  
Allowances for employee termination indemnities are generally paid directly into a pension fund, such 
as the Raiffeisen Fondo Pensione Aperto (Raiffeisen Open Pension Fund), for all new employees 
hired after 1 January 2007. 
In accordance with IAS, only the liabilities from employee termination indemnities remaining with the 
company were estimated, since the accrued portion of employee termination indemnities was paid to 
a separate entity (supplementary pension scheme or INPS funds). As a result of these payments, the 
company will no longer have any obligations relating to the employee's future employment. The cost 
of employee termination indemnities accrued during the year is recognised in profit or loss under item 
160 a) "Personnel expenses" and includes the present value of the benefits accrued by employees in 
service (current service cost) during the year and the interest accrued on the obligation (interest cost) 
during the year. Actuarial gains and losses, defined as the difference between the carrying amount of 
the liability and the present value of the obligation at the end of the period, are recognised in a specific 
equity reserve.  
Item 100. Allowances for risks and charges  
a) Commitments and guarantees given  
b) Pension and similar obligations  
c) Other allowances for risks and charges  
This item includes allowances for risks and charges in accordance with IAS 37 (Provisions, contingent 
liabilities and contingent assets) and expected credit losses in accordance with IFRS 9, paragraph 
5.5.  
a) Commitments and guarantees given 
  
This item includes amounts for expected credit losses in accordance with paragraph 5.5 of IFRS 9. In 
particular, this accounting standard provides that for commitments to provide loans and financial 
guarantee contracts, the date on which the entity becomes a party to the firm commitment is 
considered the date of initial recognition for the purposes of applying the impairment provisions. This 
implies that, for such commitments to provide loans and financial guarantee contracts, impairment 
adjustments must be recognised for expected credit losses by determining the impairment according 
to the impairment model described in paragraph 5.5 of IFRS 9.

--- Page 417 ---
2023 Report and financial statements | 2023 Financial statements | Statement of cash flows 
10286974115-v8 
415 
47-41075393 
 
With regard to expected credit losses, please refer to the calculation of impairment losses under asset 
item 40.  
At the end of the reporting period, impairment was determined using an internal rating procedure. 
  
b) Pension and similar obligations  
 
Item 100 b) includes expenses arising from commitments for supplementary pension funds with 
guaranteed benefits and defined contribution funds classified as "internal funds" under current social 
security regulations. 
  
c) Other allowances for risks and charges  
 
Item 100 c) includes amounts for risks and charges not included in the previous items.  
Other allowances for risks and charges represent liabilities to be recognised only when:  
­ 
the bank has a present obligation (legal or constructive) as a result of a past event;  
­ 
it is probable that an outflow of resources representing economic benefits will be required to settle 
the obligation;  
­ 
it is possible to make a reliable estimate of the amount of the obligation.  
If these conditions are not met, no liability for risks and charges is recognised. The amounts set aside 
are determined so that they represent the best possible estimate of the expense required to fulfil the 
obligations. In determining this estimate, consideration is given to the risks and uncertainties that 
characterise the facts and circumstances under consideration. At the end of each reporting period or 
interim reporting period, the allowances set aside are reviewed and, if necessary, adjusted to reflect 
the best current estimate. When, following a review, it is found that the expense is unlikely to be 
incurred, the allowance is reversed. An allowance is used only against the expenses for which it was 
initially recognised. Allowances also include liabilities to personnel related to loyalty bonuses.  
Item 110. Valuation reserves 
  
The following valuation reserves are recognised under liability item 110: 
- 
Valuation reserves for financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive 
income (IFRS 9); 
- 
Revaluation reserves due to special provisions, including tax provisions (e.g. Italian Law no. 
576/75, Italian Law no. 72/83, Italian Law no. 413/91 and Italian Law no. 448/2001). 
- 
Valuation reserves from equity investments measured at equity (equity method in accordance 
with 28); 
- 
Valuation reserves due to changes in the credit risk of Cassa Raiffeisen; 
 
Item 140. Reserves  
 
This item includes income-related reserves as well as reserves arising from the first-time adoption of 
international accounting standards.  
Item 160. Share Capital 
 
This financial statement item shows the nominal amount of the shares issued by Cassa Centrale 
Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige. 
Item 180. Net income (loss) for the year (+/-) 
 
This financial statement item 180 includes the net result for the current year.

--- Page 418 ---
2023 Report and financial statements | 2023 Financial statements | Statement of cash flows 
10286974115-v8 
416 
47-41075393 
 
Other information  
IFRS 9 
With reference to the application of IFRS 9, the following information is presented:  
Stage allocation  
In line with the provisions of IFRS 9, the Bank applies a process for the allocation of financial assets 
(stage allocation), on and off-statement of financial position, classified in the accounting categories of 
financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income with recycling (i.e. 
financial assets whose OCI reserve is transferred to the income statement when the instrument is 
derecognised, either by maturity or sale) and at amortised cost. 
Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige uses different stage allocation criteria depending on the type 
of financial asset and counterparty.  
The stage allocation process takes place on a monthly basis using a uniform allocation model.  
Credit exposures to customers: Operational criteria for stage allocation  
Transactions with regular performance (performing) 
In line with the provisions of IFRS 9 and with regard to on and off-statement of financial position 
transactions with counterparties that are performing, Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige 
identifies any significant increase/decrease in credit risk in order to allocate exposures to stage 1 or 
stage 2. 
Exposures that have experienced a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition but do 
not meet the requirements to be classified as non-performing loans are allocated to stage 2. In 
accordance with IFRS 9, provisions for these exposures correspond to expected losses over the life 
of the loan (ECL2), determined from a current perspective (point-in-time) and also using forward-
looking macroeconomic scenarios (forward-looking information). 
A significant increase in credit risk is deemed to have occurred if the following conditions are met (in 
other words, if the conditions below are met, the exposure must be classified as stage 2): 
- 
The probability of default (PD) of the exposure exceeded a specific and variable threshold set 
according to the Bank's SICR model; 
- 
The credit line is classified as a forborne performing position; 
- 
The exposure is more than 30 days past due, taking into account a materiality threshold of 1% 
of the relevant credit line; 
- 
An expert assessment, including - but not necessarily - on the basis of defined indicators 
(triggers), points out that there has been a significant increase in the credit risk of the position, 
but that there is no basis for classifying it as non performing; 
- 
The counterparties without rating at the time of loan disbursement are assigned the average 
rating class of stage 2 and, after six months, the relevant credit lines are automatically allocated 
to stage 2; 
- 
The counterparties with expired rating are assigned the average rating class of stage 2 after a 
period of three months and, at the same time, are allocated to stage 2; 
- 
Positions that meet the criterion for financial assets purchased or originated credit impaired 
(POCI) and are classified as performing exposures are allocated to stage 2. 
 
 
 
 
2ECL stands for Expected Credit Loss.

--- Page 419 ---
2023 Report and financial statements | 2023 Financial statements | Statement of cash flows 
10286974115-v8 
417 
47-41075393 
 
If none of the above conditions relevant to a stage 2 classification are met, performing exposures are 
allocated to stage 1. 
Non-performing transactions 
Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige adopted the new definition of default pursuant to Article 178 
of the CRR (Capital Requirements Regulation) (Regulation (EU) 575/2013), which came into force on 
1 January 2021 for the purpose of allocating loans to the categories of non-performing transactions. 
Therefore, on initial recognition and subsequent measurements, individual transactions relating to 
counterparties classified in one of the categories of non-performing loans envisaged by Bank of Italy 
Circular no. 272/2008 are allocated to stage 3. 
Therefore, exposures whose credit risk has increased significantly since initial recognition and which 
are therefore classified as non-performing exposures (exposures more than 90 days past due, unlikely 
to pay and bad loans) are allocated to stage 3. 
Forborne transactions 
With reference to forborne transactions classified in the accounting categories "Financial assets 
measured at amortised cost" (CA) or "Financial assets measured at fair value through other 
comprehensive income" (FVTOCI), at each measurement date, Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto 
Adige checks the correctness of the following allocations: 
 allocation to stage 3 of the transactions identified as forborne non-performing exposures, as they 
relate to counterparties classified within one of the non-performing loan categories; 
 allocation to stage 2 of the transactions identified as forborne performing exposures. These are 
relationships that have shown a significant increase in credit risk since the date of disbursement 
and, therefore, their allocation to Stage 1 is not appropriate and does not comply with the 
requirements of IFRS 9. 
 
It should be noted that the allocation of forborne performing transactions to stage 2 is to be confirmed 
until such time as, at the end of the probation period, the transaction meets the exit criteria from the 
non-performing loan categories envisaged in Regulation (EU) 227/2015. 
 
Portfolio of due from banks and Securities portfolio: operational criteria for stage allocation 
The stage allocation process also applies to on-statement of financial position and off-statement of 
financial position credit exposures to banks and debt securities recognised at the FTA date or at a 
subsequent measurement date as part of "Financial assets measured at amortised cost" or "Financial 
assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income with recycling". 
For the purposes of the stage allocation process, in compliance with IFRS 9, through an external 
rating remapped on the internal scale relating to companies: 
 the performing transactions/ISIN are allocated to stage 1 and/or 2; 
 the non-performing transactions/ISIN are allocated to stage 3. 
 
Transactions for which an external rating is used and which do not have a valid rating at the time of 
measurement are allocated to stage 2 after a period of three months. 
 
With regard to debt securities and due from banks, Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige, as in 
the case of loans to customers, at each subsequent measurement date, makes sure that no significant 
increase in credit risk has occurred with respect to the date on which the transaction was entered into 
or the security purchased. 
In particular, Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige is of the opinion that no significant increase in 
credit risk has occurred and, therefore, those transactions/ISINs for which all of the following 
conditions are met can be allocated to stage 1:

--- Page 420 ---
2023 Report and financial statements | 2023 Financial statements | Statement of cash flows 
10286974115-v8 
418 
47-41075393 
 
 they are identifiable as transactions with low credit risk; classification as an exposure with low 
credit risk is only possible for securities; this possibility is not available for bank exposures; 
 although they are not low credit risk exposures, they have not shown a significant increase in 
credit risk since the date of disbursement. 
 
On the other hand, the transactions/ISIN that do not have the characteristics mentioned in the previous 
points are allocated to stage 2. 
According to paragraph B5.5.22 of IFRS 9, the credit risk of a financial instrument is considered low if 
the following conditions are met: 
 the financial instrument has a low risk of default; 
 the debtor has a strong capacity to meet its contractual obligations in terms of short-term cash 
flows; 
 adverse changes in economic and business conditions may, but will not necessarily, reduce the 
debtor's ability to meet its contractual cash flow obligations. 
On the other hand, the credit risk of a financial instrument is not considered to be low if: 
 it has a low risk of loss only because of the value of the collaterals, but without which, it would 
not be considered low credit risk; 
 it has (only) a lower risk of default than other financial instruments of the same counterparty or 
compared to the jurisdiction in which the debtor operates. 
 
In accordance with paragraph B5.5.23 of IFRS 9, internal rating systems or other methods consistent 
with a widely accepted definition of low credit risk may be used to determine when a financial 
instrument has low credit risk. In particular, a financial instrument can be considered as having low 
credit risk if the internal rating class is comparable to the investment grade of the ECAI rating agencies. 
 
All exposures to banks and securities are externally rated at Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige. 
All ratings up to rating class 3 result in securities being classified as low credit risk exposures and 
consequently allocated to stage 1. 
Therefore, Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige, at the end of the reporting period and 
subsequent measurement dates, compares: 
 A simplified delta rating approach is used for securities. In this, the rating at the time of purchase 
of the security (for each tranche) is compared with the rating at the end of the reporting period. 
 For exposures to banks, the comparison is made using the same approach as for exposures to 
customers. This involves checking whether the probability of default (PD) of the exposure over 
its lifetime exceeded a specific and variable threshold set according to the Bank's SICR model. 
In order to establish the individual limit value, the SICR parameters for enterprise customers are 
used. 
 
The transactions/ISINs that have shown a significant increase in credit risk are allocated to stage 2, 
otherwise in stage 1. 
The external rating is valid for two years from the date it is taken. Three months after the maturity date, 
the exposure is moved to stage 2 and assigned the average rating class of stage 2. 
Impairment 
 
The impairment model according to IFRS 9 requires the allocation of all receivables and loans, cash 
and off-statement of financial position into three stages corresponding to different methods of 
calculating the losses to be recognised. 
The calculation of expected credit losses (ECL) is differentiated according to the allocation of the 
transactions in:

--- Page 421 ---
2023 Report and financial statements | 2023 Financial statements | Statement of cash flows 
10286974115-v8 
419 
47-41075393 
 
­ 
Stage 1: expected losses are measured within a one-year time horizon; all performing financial 
assets for which there has been no significant deterioration in creditworthiness since initial 
recognition are allocated to stage 1. 
­ 
Stage 2: expected losses are measured over a time horizon covering the entire life of the 
instrument to maturity (lifetime expected loss). The impairment calculation model for stage 2 
positions extends to a maximum period of 50 years. 
­ 
Stage 3: expected losses are calculated over the lifetime of the financial instrument, but unlike 
for stage 2 positions, expected lifetime losses are calculated as part of an analytical valuation. A 
minimum amount (floor) of 20% of the exposure value is required for impairment loss. 
 
Moreover, the calculation of expected losses for stage 1 and stage 2, with reference to the PD and 
LGD risk parameters, is done both from a point-in-time perspective and by considering forward-looking 
information. 
 
All risk models used for impairment purposes are tested annually for representativeness. All 
parameters necessary to ensure a point-in-time presentation and to incorporate forward-looking 
information are updated annually. 
Purchased or originated credit impaired (POCI) 
 
Purchased or originated credit-impaired financial assets refer to exposures where the credit risk is 
already very high at initial recognition. 
In this area, there are two different types: 
i. 
instruments or portfolios of non-performing loans purchased on the market (purchased credit 
impaired - PCI); 
ii. 
credits disbursed by the bank to a customer already classified in stage 3 (originated credit 
impaired – OCI). The credit lines granted under restructuring agreements pursuant to Article 
182 of the Bankruptcy Law are also classified as OCI, even if granted to newly acquired 
customers. 
 
The identified OCI transaction will be classified as forborne non-performing if all conditions are met. If 
the 1-year cure period is exceeded, the transaction may be classified as forborne performing in stage 
2. Notwithstanding the transition to performing, and even after the two-year probation period, the OCI 
transaction can no longer be allocated to 1, as this classification is incompatible with the need for a 
measurement based on the ECL lifetime. 
Determining Probability of Default (PD) and Loss Given Default (LGD) 
 
The PD and LGD parameters used to calculate expected credit losses are derived using specific 
quantitative models. Exposure at default (EAD), on the other hand, is determined on the basis of the 
type of exposure and amortisation and is not subject to further modelling. 
 
The PD used to calculate expected credit losses for credit exposures allocated to stage 1 and 2 in 
accordance with IFRS 9 is determined using a mathematical model. This model is based on discreet-
time non-homogeneous Markov chains that are defined separately for enterprise and private customer 
segments. For this purpose, the average future probability of default is estimated for each rating class. 
The model, in line with IFRS 9, addresses the need to provide point in time measurements and also 
includes forward-looking information. The PDs for the full life of loans and receivables were adjusted 
before the end of 2023 to reflect the recent developments in the economic environment, taking into 
account appropriate macroeconomic scenarios.

--- Page 422 ---
2023 Report and financial statements | 2023 Financial statements | Statement of cash flows 
10286974115-v8 
420 
47-41075393 
 
In order to include forward-looking information, three possible macroeconomic scenarios (positive, 
baseline and stress) are defined and then weighted according to their probability of occurrence. The 
three scenarios used are based on forecasts of relevant macroeconomic indicators ( e.g. gross 
domestic product, unemployment rate, interest level or inflation) made by the Bank of Italy and the 
European Banking Authority (EBA) for the years 2024, 2025 and 2026 (Bank of Italy Macroeconomic 
Projections September 2023 and, EBA stress test 2023 for the definition of stress scenarios). The 
stress scenario and the baseline scenario (i.e. the scenario under normal conditions) are calculated 
on the basis of explicit forecasts. On the other hand, the positive scenario is derived indirectly from a 
statistical distribution hypothesis. 
 
The probabilities of the three possible macroeconomic scenarios materialising were determined 
through a quantitative analysis of historical fluctuations, based on an assumption of the distribution of 
key macroeconomic indicators. For the 2023 financial statements, the probability of occurrence of the 
macroeconomic scenarios was calculated as 25% for the stress scenario, 50% for the baseline 
scenario and 25% for the positive scenario. The lifetime PD is calculated as the weighted average of 
the three scenarios. the lifetime PDs, determined using macroeconomic scenarios, refer to a 
maximum period of 30 years. For the years following this period, the 30th year PD is used. 
Due to the exceptional economic context (high inflation, supply difficulties, effects of the Covid-19 
pandemic), sectors particularly affected by this situation were identified for the first time for the 2022 
financial statements. As the macroeconomic situation remains difficult to assess, the sectors identified 
for this purpose have also been classified as vulnerable for the 2023 financial statements. An 
additional PD surcharge was calculated for these sectors for the first three years of the lifetime PD 
based on inflation and energy price forecasts. The surcharges cover the uncertainty in the estimation 
of the PD parameter and were calculated using statistical models referring to four clusters. Three 
clusters comprise enterprises that, based on their classification in a particular sector by ATECO code, 
were classified among the vulnerable sectors using statistical methods ("cluster analysis"). The private 
customer segment is generally considered vulnerable and is subject to a surcharge. 
 
The identification of LGD rates for performing exposures is based on the segmentation of the customer 
(enterprise or private customers) and the credit line in combination with the collateral provided. In 
2023, a new LGD model was implemented that complies with the latest market standards and takes 
into account additional factors (presence of co-debtors, exposure at the time of default (EAD), effective 
interest rate, residual maturity of the position (considering a maximum residual period of 50 years), 
stage under IFRS 9 and year of measurement to take into account forward-looking information). 
 
Four components are required to establish the LGD rate for performing exposures. These are 
determined separately using well-established statistical procedures based on historical loss data from 
the RIPS system and are aggregated to determine the LGD rate for a credit line. The components for 
determining the LGD rate are: 
­ 
probability of classification to bad loans; 
­ 
average loss after the closing of a bad loan; 
­ 
average recovery period; 
­ 
average period in a "pre-bad loan position", classified as either unlikely to pay or as an exposure 
more than 90 days past due/overdue. 
 
The adjustment to IFRS 9 is made, with respect to the loss given default (LGD) rate, through the 
probability of classification to bad loans parameter (PSOFF). For this purpose, an adjustment (point-
in-time calibration) is first made to the current view of the probability of the exposure being classified 
as bad loan. In a second step, the adjusted parameter is calibrated against forward-looking information. 
The adjustment is made in a similar manner to that used for the probability of default (PD). The inputs

--- Page 423 ---
2023 Report and financial statements | 2023 Financial statements | Statement of cash flows 
10286974115-v8 
421 
47-41075393 
 
used to adjust the LGD parameter are the same as those used for PD and are determined once a 
year using a satellite model. 
Using a common methodology for these risk parameters can significantly reduce the amount of work 
required to update and maintain IFRS 9 models. At the same time, impairment amounts are calculated 
using consistent scenarios and assumptions, which increases the accuracy of the calculation. 
 
Exposures whose credit risk has increased significantly since initial recognition and which are 
therefore classified as non-performing exposures (exposures more than 90 days past due, unlikely to 
pay and bad loans) are allocated to stage 3. While the level of bad debt provisions (i.e., for adjustments 
and write-downs) for stage 1 and 2 exposures is determined according to the model for calculating 
expected losses on loans and receivables, stage 3 exposures are generally measured by Cassa 
Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige on an individual basis, with a minimum amount (floor) of 20% of 
the (residual) exposure being set aside for impairment loss. A credit conversion factor of 30% is 
applied for stage 3 off-statement of financial position exposures. 
 
Determining Probability of Default (PD) and Loss Given Default (LGD) to measure exposures 
that cannot be rated using the internal rating model 
 
For exposures that cannot be rated using the internal rating model due to their characteristics, specific 
PD and LGD parameters are determined that are appropriate to their characteristics and risks. The 
main counterparties in this category are banks, exposures to government agencies and securities. 
 
Two lifetime PD curves are used to assess these exposures; one was modelled for exposures to the 
government or government agencies, and the other was modelled for all banks and other 
counterparties that cannot be assessed using the internal model. The assignment to the curves is 
based on the SAE code of the counterparties. The lifetime PD curves comply with the requirements 
of IFRS 9 and are calculated using both point-in-time and forward-looking information. Risk is 
assigned within the two lifetime PD curves using a 10-class rating scale. For this assignment, 
counterparties that cannot be rated using the internal model are mapped to the internal rating scale 
of enterprises on the basis of the external rating assigned to them by a recognised rating agency or 
on the basis of their characteristics. 
 
A single LGD rate of 45% is used for exposures to banks and securities. 
 
Refining and updating the PD model in accordance with IFRS 9 and backtesting analysis of the 
internal rating system 
 
The internal rating model was revised in 2023. The model was developed using consolidated methods 
and has all the features required to ensure classification and measurement in accordance with the 
standards of IFRS 9. 
 
Additional factors (e.g. the sector) were taken into account for certain customer segments when 
adjusting the rating model in 2023. By using neutral scores, the average risk is used in the absence 
of information, making the ratings more stable. In parallel, the weightings of the various factors have 
been updated using advanced statistical techniques from the field of machine learning. The use of 
these techniques allows for better filtering of information and improved rating performance. 
Furthermore, the three rating pillars (questionnaire, financial statements and performance module) 
and additional factors are now combined through an integration model, rather than a simple weighted 
procedure.

--- Page 424 ---
2023 Report and financial statements | 2023 Financial statements | Statement of cash flows 
10286974115-v8 
422 
47-41075393 
 
As part of the backtesting of the new rating model and for the purpose of validating the internal rating 
model, the following factors are examined using a structured, quantitative analysis based on statistical 
methods: 
­ 
representativeness (population stability index); 
­ 
stability (calculation of annual migration matrices and analysis of their stability); 
­ 
performance (truth matrix, ROC (receiver operating characteristic) curve); 
­ 
calibration (binomial test); 
­ 
overriding (quota analysis and concentration of overrides); 
­ 
concentration (Herfindahl index). 
 
The rating model is capable of correctly classifying exposures; it shows stable results in terms of 
concentration, stability and calibration factors. 
 
Foreign currency transactions  
 
Initial recognition criteria  
Foreign currency transactions are recognised at the exchange rate prevailing on the date of the 
transaction.  
Measurement criteria 
Subsequent to initial recognition, foreign currency assets and liabilities are recognised at the 
respective exchange rate at the end of the reporting period.  
Recognition of income components  
Exchange rate differences arising from the settlement of transactions at rates different from those of 
initial recognition and unrealised exchange rate differences on foreign currency assets and liabilities 
are recognised in item 80 of the income statement "Profits (Losses) on trading".  
Repurchase agreements  
 
Securities received in a transaction where there is a contractual obligation to resell them and securities 
delivered in a transaction where there is a contractual obligation to repurchase them are not 
recognised or derecognised in the financial statements. Accordingly, in the case of a security 
purchased under a resale agreement (reverse repurchase agreement), the amount paid is recognised 
as loans and receivables from customers or with banks, or as a financial asset held for trading. In the 
case of a security sold under a repurchase agreement (reverse repurchase agreement), the liability is 
recognised in due to banks or customers, or under trading liabilities. Income from 
receivables/payables, consisting of coupons accrued on securities and the difference between the 
spot and forward prices of those securities, is recognised on an accrual basis in the income statement 
items relating to interest income or expense.  
 
A.3 DISCLOSURE ON THE RECLASSIFICATION OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS  
No financial instruments were reclassified during 2023.  
 
A.4 DISCLOSURE OF FAIR VALUE  
The disclosures to be made in the annual financial statements concerning the fair value of financial 
instruments are defined in IFRS 13.  
This standard brings together in a single document all the information required about fair value 
measurement methods.

--- Page 425 ---
2023 Report and financial statements | 2023 Financial statements | Statement of cash flows 
10286974115-v8 
423 
47-41075393 
 
The provisions of IFRS 9 continue to apply to the types of financial instruments to which fair value 
measurement applies, i.e. fair value applies to all financial instruments except financial assets 
measured at amortised cost for which the fair value option is not applied.  
However, international accounting standards and the supervisory provisions of the Bank of Italy itself 
require the disclosure of the fair value of a whole range of assets and liabilities measured at amortised 
cost (loans to customers and due from banks, due to customers and due to banks, securities issued).  
IFRS 13 defines fair value as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a 
liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date, regardless of 
whether that price is directly observable or estimated using another valuation technique.  
The definition of fair value is based on the fundamental assumption that the entity is fully operational 
and there is no intention or need to liquidate, significantly reduce the business or enter into 
transactions on unfavourable terms. The fair value also reflects the credit quality of the financial 
instrument as it incorporates counterparty risk.  
IFRS 13 provides for a classification of fair value measurements of financial instruments based on a 
specific hierarchy that is determined by the inputs used in the fair value measurement process.  
Financial instruments are therefore divided into three levels of fair value:  
• 
Level 1: when quoted prices in an active market are available for the financial assets and liabilities 
being measured;  
• 
Level 2: if no active market exists, fair value is determined using valuation techniques that include 
only inputs that are directly or indirectly observable in the market;  
• 
Level 3: when prices are calculated using valuation techniques with significant inputs based on 
parameters that are not observable in the market.  
In cases where fair value cannot be reasonably estimated and/or the costs of calculating fair value 
are excessive, financial instruments are recorded at original purchase cost.  
The choice between the above categories is not discretionary and the valuation techniques adopted 
maximise the use of observable market factors, relying as little as possible on subjective parameters.  
The valuation method defined for a financial instrument is maintained over time and is only changed 
if there is a material change in market conditions or a subjective change in the issuer of the financial 
instrument.  
They are generally considered to be quotes in an active market (level 1):  
­ 
listed shares;  
­ 
government securities listed on regulated markets;  
­ 
bonds listed on regulated markets;  
­ 
listed funds;  
­ 
derivative contracts for which quotes are available on a regulated market.  
The purchase price (bid price) is used for financial assets quoted in active markets and the selling 
price (ask price) on the valuation date is used for financial liabilities.  
Qualitative information  
A.4.1 Fair value levels 2 and 3: valuation techniques and inputs used  
A financial instrument is classified in level 2 or 3 in the absence of quoted prices in active markets.  
On the other hand, classification in level 2 rather than level 3 depends on the observability in the 
markets of the inputs used for fair value measurement.  
Units of mutual investment funds are listed at the NAV (net asset value) reported by the asset 
management company adjusted where appropriate with a discount to account for liquidity risk. Where 
both observable market inputs (level 2) and unobservable market inputs (level 3) are used in the 
measurement of a financial instrument, the instrument is categorised in level 3 of the fair value 
hierarchy if the unobservable inputs are significant in determining fair value.

--- Page 426 ---
2023 Report and financial statements | 2023 Financial statements | Statement of cash flows 
10286974115-v8 
424 
47-41075393 
 
The valuation method defined for a financial instrument is maintained over time, unless alternative 
techniques are available that provide a more representative fair value measurement.  
The fair value used for the measurement of financial instruments is determined on the basis of the 
criteria set out below:  
Level 2: Valuation methods based on observable market parameters  
For level 2 instruments, an input data is considered observable, directly or indirectly, when it is 
continuously available to all market participants, thanks to its regular publication through specific 
information channels (stock exchanges, information providers, brokers, market makers, websites, 
etc.). The measurement of the financial instrument is based on prices derived from market prices of 
similar assets (comparable approach) or using valuation techniques in which all significant factors - 
including interest rates, interest rate curves and credit spreads - are derived from observable market 
parameters (mark-to-model approach).  
Level 2 inputs include:  
­ 
prices quoted in active markets;  
­ 
prices listed for the analysed instrument or for similar instruments on markets that are not active, 
i.e. markets where there are few transactions, prices are not current or vary substantially over 
time;  
­ 
observable market inputs e.g. interest rates, interest rate curves, volatility indexes, credit spreads;  
­ 
input corroborated by market data.  
With regard to the portfolios of financial instruments at the end of the reporting period, investment fund 
units, over-the-counter (OTC) financial derivatives, bonds with no official prices from an active market, 
and financial instruments on the liabilities side measured at fair value are included in level 2.  
OTC (over the counter) financial derivatives  
Interest rate, exchange rate, equity, inflation and commodity derivatives that are not traded on 
regulated markets are considered over-the-counter (OTC) instruments if they are traded bilaterally 
between two market counterparties. They are measured using special pricing models, fed by market 
observable inputs, such as rate curves, volatility matrices and exchange rates.  
The method used in evaluating these contracts is as follows:  
­ 
interest rate derivatives (IRS): discounted cash flow model;  
­ 
options: black&scholes model, cox-rubinstein binomial model;  
­ 
cap/floor: black log normal shifted model;  
­ 
foreign currency derivatives: internal model for determining forward points.  
Moreover, counterparty risk and own credit risk are taken into account when determining the fair value 
of derivatives. This involves the application of a "credit value adjustment" to financial derivative assets 
and a "debit value adjustment" to financial derivative liabilities. For the calculation of credit risk, Cassa 
Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige uses a valuation model based on the probability of default and the 
recovery rate.  
Bonds recorded on the asset side of the statement of financial position not quoted in an active market 
 
With regard to purchased debt securities that are not quoted in an active market, Cassa Centrale 
Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige checks:  
­ 
whether there is an inactive market for the financial instrument. In this case, the measurement of 
the financial instrument is based on prices available in an inactive market as long as they are 
considered representative of fair value;  
­ 
the presence of an active market for an instrument with similar characteristics. In this case, the 
measurement of the financial instrument is based on prices derived from market prices of similar 
assets (known as comparable approach). The comparative approach involves seeking

--- Page 427 ---
2023 Report and financial statements | 2023 Financial statements | Statement of cash flows 
10286974115-v8 
425 
47-41075393 
 
transactions in active markets for instruments that are comparable to the instrument being 
measured.  
If it is not possible to apply the methods described above, Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige 
adopts valuation models based on observable market inputs as much as possible. The "discounted 
cash flow model" is applied to level 2 securities, i.e. the determination of the present value of expected 
future cash flows, considering all risk factors to which the instrument is exposed (counterparty risk, 
issuer risk). The issuer's credit risk is included in the measurement by reference to the credit spread 
of the underlying issuer itself (if any) or the issuer's economic sector.  
Own bonds  
The bonds issued by Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige are not listed on a regulated market. 
The secondary market price is determined using the discounted cash flow method described above. 
Under this method, the fair value of bonds issued by the bank is determined by discounting estimated 
future cash flows at an observable market rate, increased by a spread calculated on the basis of the 
bank's most recent own issues in order to ensure a valuation that reflects as closely as possible the 
transaction price in the non-institutional market.  
The determination of the fair value of bonds issued, whether for the purpose of calculating the carrying 
amount (in the case of bond issues measured under the fair value option) or for disclosure in the notes 
to the financial statements (in the case of bond issues measured at amortised cost), is based on the 
same pricing methodology as that used to determine the trading price of bond issues in the secondary 
market.  
Level 3: Valuation methods based on unobservable market parameters  
All financial instruments that are not quoted in an active market and for which the determination of the 
relative fair value is based on valuation models using parameters that are not directly observable in 
the market are classified in level 3. Unobservable market inputs are used to estimate fair value where 
observable market inputs are not available. Therefore, these inputs reflect the assumptions, including 
risk assumptions, that market participants would consider in pricing the asset or liability. Measurement 
is based on the best available information, including internal data.  
Unlisted equity instruments are also classified in level 3. These are non-controlling interests in unlisted 
financial and non-financial companies. For these securities, fair value cannot be reasonably estimated 
or the cost of determining fair value is considered excessive. Accordingly, they are recognised at 
original purchase cost.  
Due from banks and loans to customers  
For financial instruments recognised in the financial statements at purchase cost or amortised cost, 
and substantially classified as due from banks and loans to customers, a fair value is determined for 
disclosure purposes in the notes to the financial statements.  
Specifically:  
­ 
for medium- to long-term non-performing loans (bad loans, unlikely to pay and past due/overdue), 
fair value is determined by discounting the contractual cash flows or those quantified on the basis 
of repayment plans, net of estimated loss and recovery costs, using contractual rates;  
­ 
for medium- to long-term performing loans, the discounted cash flow method is applied to 
determine fair value by discounting future cash flows using a current market rate and adjusting 
the values for credit risk, which is based on the probability of default and the recovery rate;  
­ 
for assets and liabilities at sight or with a maturity of less than one year, the carrying amount, net 
of impairment, at which they are recognised is considered to be a good approximation of fair 
value.  
As these financial assets are generally not traded in the market, fair value is determined using internal 
parameters that are not directly observable in the market and therefore these instruments are 
classified in fair value level 3.

--- Page 428 ---
2023 Report and financial statements | 2023 Financial statements | Statement of cash flows 
10286974115-v8 
426 
47-41075393 
 
Due to banks and customers and securities issued  
For liability instruments recorded under the items due to banks and due to customers, the fair value 
of which is determined solely for disclosure purposes, a distinction is made between at-sight and 
medium- to long-term payables.  
Specifically:  
­ 
for payables at sight, maturing in the short term (less than 12 months) or revocable, the carrying 
amount is considered representative of fair value;  
­ 
for medium/long-term payables, fair value is determined using valuation techniques such as 
discounted cash flow, i.e., discounting future cash flows at a market rate that reflects all risk 
factors to which the instrument is exposed.  
As these financial liabilities are generally not traded in the market, the fair value is determined using 
internal parameters that are not directly observable in the market and therefore these instruments are 
classified in fair value level 3.  
A.4.2 Valuation processes and sensitivity  
All financial assets and liabilities are measured with the support of the internal functions and specific 
committees of Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige.  
Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige has policies (pricing policies) and operating procedures that 
describe the valuation techniques and inputs used. The documents identify:  
­ 
the roles and responsibilities of the company officers and functions involved;  
­ 
rules for classification within fair value levels, as required by IAS/IFRS;  
­ 
techniques and methods for measuring financial instruments;  
­ 
information flows.  
As at 31 December 2023, Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige hold financial instruments 
classified as level 3, which are measured using techniques based on significant inputs that are not 
observable on the market.  
The sensitivity analysis required by IFRS 13 was not applied to the following instruments:  
­ 
equity instruments for which no inputs (observable or unobservable) were available to estimate 
fair value or for which the cost to determine fair value was deemed excessive were recorded at 
purchase cost;  
­ 
quotas of OEIC were assigned a fair value corresponding to the last net asset value provided by 
the management company by applying a liquidity discount.  
A.4.3 Fair value hierarchy 
The transition of a financial instrument from fair value level 1 to level 2 or vice versa derives mainly 
from the degree of liquidity of the instrument itself at the time of its listing, which determines the use 
of a price recorded in an active market (level 1) rather than a price derived from a pricing model (level 
2). If there is objective evidence that the price for a financial asset or financial liability is not significant 
or not available (e.g. lack of prices from multiple market participants, few or inconsistent prices), the 
instrument is included in level 2 of the fair value hierarchy. This classification could be revised if active 
market prices were again available for the same financial instrument.  
This trend is mainly adopted for debt securities, equity instruments and quotas of OEIC. Derivative 
instruments listed on regulated markets are normally included in level 1, since a price expressed by 
the reference exchanges is normally available for them.  
OTC derivative instruments are usually measured using pricing models and are therefore classified 
as fair value levels 2 or 3, depending on whether observable or unobservable inputs are used. The 
transition from level 2 to level 3 or vice versa depends on the weight or importance given to the 
observable or unobservable input variables.

--- Page 429 ---
2023 Report and financial statements | 2023 Financial statements | Statement of cash flows 
10286974115-v8 
427 
47-41075393 
 
A.3 Information on transfers between portfolios of financial assets   
 
A.3.1 Reclassified financial assets: change in the business model, carrying amount and 
interest income  
Type of financial 
instrument 
Source portfolio 
Target portfolio 
Reclassification 
date 
Reclassified 
carrying amount 
Interest income 
recorded in the 
year (pre-tax) 
Debt securities 
Fair Value to other 
comprehensive 
income 
Held to collect 
01/01/2019 
394,312 
 
 
 
A.3.2 Reclassified financial assets: change in the business model, fair value and effects on 
comprehensive income  
Type of 
financial 
instrument 
Source portfolio 
Target 
portfolio 
Fair value 
as at 
31/12/2023 
Capital gains/losses in the 
absence of transfer to the 
income statement (pre-tax) 
Capital gains/losses in the 
absence of transfer to 
equity (pre-tax) 
31/12/2023 
31/12/2022 
31/12/2023 
31/12/2022 
Debt 
securities 
Fair Value to 
other 
comprehensive 
income 
Held to 
collect 
30,365 
 
 
312 
1,814 
 
As already stated in the annual report as at 31 December 2018, following the non-establishment of 
the Raiffeisen Group decreed by the implementing regulations of the reform of cooperative credit 
banks, the Board of Directors decided to reclassify the Bank's financial instruments from the HTCS 
portfolio to the HTC portfolio for a nominal amount of € 390 million effective from 1 January 2019. The 
fair value of the reclassified debt securities developed positively since their reclassification.

--- Page 430 ---
2023 Report and financial statements | 2023 Financial statements | Statement of cash flows 
10286974115-v8 
428 
47-41075393 
 
A.4 Disclosure of fair value  
Qualitative information  
A.4.1 Levels of fair value 2 and 3: valuation techniques and inputs used  
A.4.2 Valuation processes and sensitivity 
A.4.3 Fair value hierarchy 
A.4.4 Other information  
A.4.5 Fair value hierarchy  
Quantitative information  
A.4.5.1 Assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis: breakdown by fair value level:  
Assets / liabilities at fair value 
31/12/2023 
31/12/2022 
Level 1 
Level 2 
Level 3 
Level 1 
Level 2 
Level 3 
1. Financial assets measured at fair 
value through profit or loss 
3,747 
147,180 
15,190 
5,789 
136,980 
13,383 
a) financial assets held for trading 
3,747 
26,809 
88 
5,789 
26,419 
40 
b) financial assets designated at fair 
value 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
c) other financial assets mandatorily 
measured at fair value 
- 
120,371 
15,102 
- 
110,561 
13,343 
2. Financial assets measured at fair 
value through other comprehensive 
income 
387,699 
- 
57,170 
416,700 
- 
54,924 
3. Hedging derivatives 
- 
11,398 
- 
- 
1,343 
- 
4. Property, equipment and investment 
property 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
5. Intangible assets 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Total 
391,446 
158,578 
72,360 
422,489 
138,323 
68,307 
1. Financial liabilities held for trading 
- 
4,184 
61 
- 
5,713 
61 
2. Financial liabilities designated at fair 
value 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
3. Hedging derivatives 
- 
0 
- 
- 
13 
- 
Total 
- 
4,184 
61 
- 
5,725 
61 
 
A.4.5.2 Annual changes in assets measured at fair value on a recurring basis (level 3)  
 
Financial assets measured at fair value through profit or loss 
Financial assets 
measured at fair 
value through 
other 
comprehensive 
income 
Hedging 
derivatives 
Property, 
equipment 
and 
investment 
property 
Intangible 
assets 
 
Total 
Of which: 
a) financial 
assets 
held for 
trading 
Of which: b) 
financial 
assets 
designated 
at fair value 
Of which: c) 
other financial 
assets 
mandatorily 
measured at 
fair value 
1. Opening balance 
13,324 
- 
- 
13,324 
54,924 
- 
- 
- 
2. Increases 
- 
- 
- 
- 
1,618 
- 
- 
- 
2.1 Purchases 
2,090 
- 
- 
2,090 
1,618 
- 
- 
- 
2.2 Gains recognised 
in: 
1,553 
- 
- 
1,553 
- 
- 
- 
- 
2.2.1 
Income 
statement 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- of which capital gains 
70 
- 
- 
70 
- 
- 
- 
- 
2.2.2 
Shareholders' 
equity 
464 
- 
- 
464 
 
- 
- 
- 
2.3 Transfers 
from 
other levels 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
2.4 Other increases 
2 
40 
- 
2 
- 
- 
- 
- 
3. Decreases 
(331) 
- 
- 
(331) 
628 
- 
- 
- 
3.1 Sales 
(99) 
- 
- 
(99) 
- 
- 
- 
- 
3.2 Reimbursements 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
3.3 Losses recognised 
in: 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
3.3.1 
Income 
statement 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
of 
which 
capital 
losses 
(229) 
- 
- 
(229) 
- 
- 
- 
- 
3.3.2 
Shareholders' 
equity 
- 
- 
- 
- 
628 
- 
- 
-

--- Page 431 ---
2023 Report and financial statements | 2023 Financial statements | Statement of cash flows 
10286974115-v8 
429 
47-41075393 
 
3.4 Transfers to other 
levels 
- 
- 
- 
- 
 
- 
- 
- 
3.5 Other decreases 
(3) 
- 
- 
(3) 
- 
- 
- 
- 
4. Closing balance 
15,083 
40 
- 
15,083 
57,170 
- 
- 
- 
 
A.4.5.4 Assets and liabilities not measured at fair value or measured at fair value on a non-
recurring basis: fair value by level 
Assets/liabilities not measured at fair 
value or measured at fair value on a non-
recurring basis 
31/12/2023 
31/12/2022 
CA 
Level 1 
Level 2 
Level 3 
CA 
Level 1 
Level 2 
Level 3 
1. Financial assets measured at amortised 
cost 
2,836,471 
674,693 
1,362,680 
900,070 
5,116,625 
833,247 
1,458,526 
2,893,126 
2. Investment property 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
3. Non-current assets held for sale and 
discontinued operations 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Total 
2,836,471 
674,693 
1,362,680 
900,070 
5,116,625 
833,247 
1,458,526 
2,893,126 
1. 
Financial 
liabilities 
measured 
at 
amortised cost 
3,392,186 
644,900 
273,102 
2,452,617 
5,725,314 
422,212 
425,355 
4,828,674 
2. Liabilities associated with non-current 
assets 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Total 
3,392,186 
644,900 
273,102 
2,452,617 
5,725,314 
422,212 
425,355 
4,828,674

--- Page 432 ---
2023 Report and financial statements | 2023 Financial statements | Statement of cash flows 
10286974115-v8 
430 
47-41075393 
 
Part B - Information on the statement of financial position 
Assets 
 
Section 1 - Cash and cash equivalents - Item 10  
 
1.1 Cash and cash equivalents: breakdown  
 
 
31/12/2023 
31/12/2022 
a) Cash  
11,281 
9,760 
b) Current accounts and on demand deposits 
with Central Banks  
166,599 
134,936 
c) Current accounts and on demand deposits 
with banks  
154,346 
170,866 
Total 
332,227 
315,563 
 
Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige is responsible for maintaining the right level of liquidity within 
the Raiffeisen organisation and supplying Raiffeisen member banks with banknotes and coins.

--- Page 433 ---
2023 Report and financial statements | 2023 Financial statements | Statement of cash flows 
10286974115-v8 
431 
47-41075393 
 
Section 2 – Financial assets measured at fair value through profit or loss – Item 20  
 
2.1 Financial assets held for trading: breakdown  
 
Item/Amounts 
31/12/2023 
31/12/2022 
Level 1 
Level 2 
Level 3 
Level 1 
Level 2 
Level 3 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
 
3,747 
- 
- 
5,789 
- 
- 
 
- 
22,354 
 
- 
20,413 
 
 
- 
 
 
- 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Total (A) 
3,747 
22,354 
 
5,789 
20,413 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
- 
4,455 
88 
- 
6,006 
40 
 
- 
4,455 
88 
- 
6,006 
40 
 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
 
 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Total (B) 
- 
4,455 
88 
- 
6,006 
40 
Total (A+B) 
3,747 
26,809 
88 
5,789 
26,419 
40 
 
 
The Bank holds a small position in shares and investment funds for trading purposes.

--- Page 434 ---
2023 Report and financial statements | 2023 Financial statements | Statement of cash flows 
10286974115-v8 
432 
47-41075393 
 
2.2 Financial assets held for trading: borrower/issuer/counterparty breakdown  
 
Item/Amounts 
31/12/2023 
31/12/2022 
A. Cash Assets 
 
 
1. Debt securities 
- 
- 
a) Central Banks 
- 
- 
b) Public administrations 
- 
- 
c) Banks 
- 
- 
d) Other financial companies 
- 
- 
 
of 
which: 
insurance 
companies 
- 
- 
e) Non financial companies 
- 
- 
2. Equity instruments 
3,747 
5,789 
a) Banks 
402 
441 
b) Other financial companies 
200 
649 
of which: insurance companies 
200 
196 
c) Non financial companies 
3,145 
4,698 
d) Other issuers 
- 
- 
3. Quotas of OEIC 
22,354 
20,413 
4. Loans 
- 
- 
a) Central Banks 
- 
- 
b) Public administrations 
- 
- 
c) Banks 
- 
- 
d) Other financial companies 
- 
- 
 
of 
which: 
insurance 
companies 
- 
- 
e) Non financial companies 
- 
- 
f) Households 
- 
- 
Total A 
26,101 
26,202 
B. Derivative instruments 
4,543 
6,047 
a) Central counterparties 
- 
- 
b) Other 
4,543 
6,047 
Total B 
4,543 
6,047 
Total (A+B) 
30,644 
32,249

--- Page 435 ---
2023 Report and financial statements | 2023 Financial statements | Statement of cash flows 
10286974115-v8 
433 
47-41075393 
 
2.5 Other financial assets mandatorily measured at fair value: breakdown  
 
Item/Amounts 
31/12/2023 
31/12/2022 
Level 1 
Level 2 
Level 3 
Level 1 
Level 2 
Level 3 
1. Debt securities 
- 
- 
282 
- 
- 
389 
 
1.1 Structured securities 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
 
1.2 Other debt securities 
- 
- 
282 
- 
- 
389 
2. Equity instruments 
- 
- 
183 
- 
- 
179 
3. Quotas of OEIC 
- 
120,371 
14,618 
- 
110,561 
12,756 
4. Loans 
- 
- 
18 
- 
- 
19 
 
4.1 Structured 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
 
4.2 Other 
- 
- 
18 
- 
- 
19 
Total 
- 
120,371 
15,102 
- 
110,561 
13,343 
 
Other financial assets mandatorily measured at fair value consist of shares of investment funds units 
and other debt securities.  
The shares of investment funds classified as level 2 refer to a fund managed by Union Invest.  
The geographical distribution of the fund at the end of the reporting period is as follows:  
Eurozone countries 60.15%  
North America 23.87%  
Other European countries outside the Eurozone 6.71%  
Asia 3.07%  
Other (liquidity, raw materials and other countries) 6.20%.  
The total investment in this fund as at 31 December 2023 was as follows: Shares: 37.64%, Debt 
securities: 55.97%, Liquidity: 6.39%. 
Finally, as regards the exchange rate risk, the fund is invested 50.32% in Eurozone currencies and 
4.19% in US dollars.  
The Bank holds 100% of the shares in DEVIF-Fonds. Due to the fact that the instruments in which the 
Fund invests are measured at fair value in the management statement, the Bank believes that a "line-
by-line" consolidation of the Fund would not result in material differences in the Bank's financial 
position compared to the current presentation.

--- Page 436 ---
2023 Report and financial statements | 2023 Financial statements | Statement of cash flows 
10286974115-v8 
434 
47-41075393 
 
2.6 Other financial assets mandatorily measured at fair value: borrower/issuer breakdown  
 
Item/Amounts 
31/12/2023 
31/12/2022 
1. Equity instruments 
183 
179 
 
of which: banks 
175 
171 
 
of which: other financial companies 
7 
7 
 
of which: other non-financial companies 
- 
- 
2. Debt securities 
282 
389 
 
a) Central Banks 
- 
- 
 
b) Public administrations 
- 
- 
 
c) Banks 
- 
- 
 
d) Other financial companies 
282 
389 
 
 
of which: insurance companies 
- 
- 
 
e) Non financial companies 
- 
- 
3. Quotas of OEIC 
134,989 
123,317 
4. Loans 
18 
19 
 
a) Central Banks 
- 
- 
 
b) Public administrations 
- 
- 
 
c) Banks 
- 
- 
 
d) Other financial companies 
18 
19 
 
 
of which: insurance companies 
- 
- 
 
e) Non financial companies 
- 
- 
 
f) Households 
- 
- 
Total  
135,472 
123,904

--- Page 437 ---
2023 Report and financial statements | 2023 Financial statements | Statement of cash flows 
10286974115-v8 
435 
47-41075393 
 
Section 3 – Financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive 
income - Item 30  
 
3.1 Financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income: breakdown 
  
Item/Amounts 
31/12/2023 
31/12/2022 
Level 1 
Level 2 
Level 3 
Level 1 
Level 2 
Level 3 
1. Debt securities 
384,827 
- 
- 
413,838 
- 
- 
 
1.1 Structured securities 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
 
1.2 Other debt securities 
384,827 
- 
- 
413,838 
- 
- 
2. Equity instruments 
2,872 
- 
57,170 
2,862 
- 
54,924 
4. Loans 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Total 
387,699 
- 
57,170 
416,700 
- 
54,924 
 
Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige is responsible for liquidity management for the entire 
Raiffeisen organisation of Alto Adige. The use of liquidity in the short term mainly concerns 
investments in government bonds in the Eurozone. Investments in equity instruments concern minority 
shares. The most significant positions in this regard are the equity investment in the Bank of Italy of € 
25 million, the equity investment in Alpen Privatbank of € 14.8 million, the equity investment in ICCREA 
Banca of € 3.7 million and the equity investment in Assimoco Vita SpA of € 10 million.

--- Page 438 ---
2023 Report and financial statements | 2023 Financial statements | Statement of cash flows 
10286974115-v8 
436 
47-41075393 
 
3.2 Financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income: 
borrower/issuer breakdown 
  
Item/Amounts 
31/12/2023 
31/12/2022 
1. Debt securities 
384,827 
413,838 
a) Central Banks 
- 
- 
b) Public administrations 
384,827 
413,838 
c) Banks 
- 
- 
d) Other financial companies 
- 
- 
of which: insurance companies 
- 
- 
e) Non financial companies 
- 
- 
2. Equity instruments 
60,042 
57,786 
a) Banks 
43,522 
43,522 
b) Other issuers 
16,520 
14,265 
- 
Other financial companies 
15,072 
12,817 
 
of 
which: 
insurance 
companies 
11,999 
9,753 
- 
Non financial companies 
1,448 
1,448 
- 
Other 
- 
- 
3. Loans 
- 
- 
a) Central Banks 
- 
- 
b) Public administrations 
- 
- 
c) Banks 
- 
- 
d) Other financial companies 
- 
- 
 
of 
which: 
insurance 
companies 
- 
- 
e) Non financial companies 
- 
- 
f) Households 
- 
- 
Total 
444,869 
471,624

--- Page 439 ---
2023 Report and financial statements | 2023 Financial statements | Statement of cash flows 
10286974115-v8 
437 
47-41075393 
 
3.3 Financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income: gross 
amount and total adjustments  
 
Total 31/12/2023 
Gross amount 
Total adjustments 
Stage 
1 
of which: 
Instruments 
with low 
credit risk 
Stage 
2 
Stage 
3 
Purchas
ed or 
originate
d credit-
impaired 
Stage 1 
Stage 2 
Stage 3 
Purchased or 
originated 
credit-impaired 
Total 
partial 
write-
offs(*) 
Debt securities 
384,981 
384,981 
- 
- 
- 
154 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Loans 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Total 
31/12/2023 
384,981 
384,981 
- 
- 
- 
154 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Total 
31/12/2022 
414,016 
414,016 
- 
- 
- 
178 
- 
- 
- 
-

--- Page 440 ---
2023 Report and financial statements | 2023 Financial statements | Statement of cash flows 
10286974115-v8 
438 
47-41075393 
 
Section 4 – Financial assets measured at amortised cost: Item 40 
 
4.1 Financial assets measured at amortised cost: breakdown of amounts due from banks 
Type of transaction/Amounts 
31/12/2023 
31/12/2022 
 
Carrying amount 
Fair value 
Carrying amount 
Fair value 
 
Stage 1 
and 2 
Stage 
3 
Purchased or 
originated 
credit-impaired 
L1 
L2 
L3 
Stage 1 
and 2 
Stage 
3 
Purchased or 
originated 
credit-impaired 
L1 
L2 
L3 
A. Loans and Receivables with Central Banks  
5.646 
- 
- 
 
 
5.646 
121.193 
 
 
 
 
121.193 
1. Term deposits  
 
- 
- 
X 
X 
X 
 
 
 
X 
X 
X 
2. Compulsory reserve 
5.646 
- 
- 
X 
X 
X 
121.193 
 
 
X 
X 
X 
3. Repurchase agreements  
 
- 
- 
X 
X 
X 
 
 
 
X 
X 
X 
4. Other  
 
- 
- 
X 
X 
X 
 
 
 
X 
X 
X 
B. Loans and receivables with banks  
345.002 
- 
- 
7.413 12.824 325.060 
2.189.561 
 
 6.932 11.313 2.170.623 
1. Loans 
325.060 
- 
- 
- 
 
325.060 
2.170.623 
 
 
- 
 
2.170.623 
1.1 Current accounts  
 
- 
- 
X 
X 
X 
 
 
 
X 
X 
X 
1.2. Term deposits 
25.563 
- 
- 
X 
X 
X 
26.334 
 
 
X 
X 
X 
1.3 Other loans: 
299.497 
- 
- 
X 
X 
X 
2.144.290 
 
 
X 
X 
X 
- Reverse repurchase agreements 
 
- 
- 
X 
X 
X 
 
 
 
X 
X 
X 
- Finance leases  
 
- 
- 
X 
X 
X 
 
 
 
X 
X 
X 
- Other  
299.497 
- 
- 
X 
X 
X 
2.144.290 
 
 
X 
X 
X 
2. Debt securities  
19.942 
- 
- 
7.413 12.824 
 
18.938 
 
 6.932 11.313 
 
2.1 Structured instruments  
7.648 
- 
- 
7.413 
- 
 
7.672 
 
 6.932 
- 
 
2.2 Other debt securities  
12.294 
- 
- 
- 12.824 
 
11.266 
 
 
- 11.313 
 
Total 
350,649 
- 
- 
7.413 12.824 330.706 
2.310.754 
 
 6.932 11.313 2.291.816

--- Page 441 ---
2023 Report and financial statements | 2023 Financial statements | Statement of cash flows 
10286974115-v8 
439 
47-41075393 
 
4.2 Financial assets measured at amortised cost: breakdown of loans to customers  
Type of transaction/Amounts 
31/12/2023 
31/12/2022 
 
Carrying amount 
Fair value 
Carrying amount 
Fair value 
 
Stage 1 
and 2 
Stage 3 
Purchased or 
originated 
credit-
impaired 
L1 
L2 
L3 
Stage 1 
and 2 
Stage 3 
Purchased 
or originated 
credit-
impaired 
L1 
L2 
L3 
1. Loans 
1.764.841 
31.573 
7.018 
1.919.220 
1.905.203 
31.337 
6.527 
 
 2.048.523 
1.1 Current accounts  
114.401 
3.823 
2 
X 
X 
X 
110.758 
3.450 
19 
X 
X 
X 
1.2 Reverse repurchase agreements 
 
 
 
X 
X 
X 
 
 
 
X 
X 
X 
1.3 Mortgages 
1.087.440 
23.253 
7.007 
X 
X 
X 
1.175.012 
22.365 
6.502 
X 
X 
X 
1.4. Credit cards, personal loans and 
salary-backed loans 
1.003 
1 
 
X 
X 
X 
1.132 
 
 
X 
X 
X 
1.5. Finance leases 
338.990 
3.643 
 
X 
X 
X 
362.018 
3.683 
 
X 
X 
X 
1.6. Factoring  
 
 
 
X 
X 
X 
 
 
 
X 
X 
X 
1.7 Other loans: 
223.006 
854 
9 
X 
X 
X 
256.283 
1.839 
6 
X 
X 
X 
2. Debt securities  
682.390 
 
 
667.281 
 
862.804 
 
 
826.315 
 
 
1. Structured securities 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
2. Other debt securities  
682.390 
 
 
667.281 
 
862.804 
 
 
826.315 
 
 
Total 
2.447.231 
31.573 
7.018 
667.281 
1.919.220 
2.768.007 
31.337 
6.527 
826.315 
 2.048.523 
 
The Landesbank's activities within the Raiffeisen Organisation are mainly focused on granting loans 
to businesses. In this area, it provides guidance to both Raiffeisen banks and customers on high-
volume lease transactions. Other debt securities include Italian and other EU government bonds 
managed within the HTC management model.

--- Page 442 ---
2023 Report and financial statements | 2023 Financial statements | Statement of cash flows 
10286974115-v8 
440 
47-41075393 
 
4.3 Finance leases  
 
31/12/2023 
Time bands 
Explicit 
credits 
Principal 
of which 
guaranteed 
residual 
value 
Interests 
Gross 
investment 
of which 
non-
guaranteed 
residual 
value 
Up to 3 months 
2,967 
9,878 
2,944 
2,236 
12,846 
9,901 
From 3 months to 
1 year 
- 
29,850 
5,905 
6,360 
29,850 
23,945 
From 1 year to 5 
years 
- 
156,275 
27,919 
24,655 
156,275 
128,356 
Beyond 5 years 
- 
171,846 
24,365 
14,758 
171,846 
147,482 
Unspecified 
maturity 
- 
8,353 
- 
- 
8,353 
8,353 
Gross total 
2,967 
376,203 
61,133 
48,009 
379,170 
318,037 
Net 
impairment 
losses 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Net total 
2,967 
376,203 
61,133 
48,009 
379,170 
318,037 
 
31/12/2022 
Time bands 
Explicit 
credits 
Principal 
of which 
guaranteed 
residual 
value 
Interests 
Gross 
investment 
of which non-
guaranteed 
residual 
value 
Up to 3 months 
1,186 
9,225 
4,879 
2,006 
10,412 
5,533 
From 3 months to 
1 year 
- 
28,864 
8,494 
5,693 
28,864 
20,370 
From 1 year to 5 
years 
- 
149,786 
25,876 
22,303 
149,786 
123,911 
Beyond 5 years 
- 
184,044 
30,815 
13,467 
184,044 
153,230 
Unspecified 
maturity 
- 
31,864 
- 
- 
31,864 
31,864 
Gross total 
1,186 
403,785 
70,063 
43,469 
404,971 
334,908 
Net 
impairment 
losses 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Net total 
1,186 
403,785 
70,063 
43,469 
404,971 
334,908

--- Page 443 ---
2023 Report and financial statements | 2023 Financial statements | Statement of cash flows 
10286974115-v8 
441 
47-41075393 
 
4.4 Financial assets measured at amortised cost: breakdown by borrower/issuer of loans to 
customers 
 
Type of transaction/Amounts 
31/12/2023 
31/12/2022 
Carrying amount 
Carrying amount 
Stage 1 
and 2 
Stage 3 
Purchased or 
originated 
credit-
impaired 
Stage 1 
and 2 
Stage 3 
Purchased 
or 
originated 
credit-
impaired 
1. Debt securities 
682,390 
- 
- 
862,804 
- 
- 
a) Public administration 
682,390 
- 
- 
862,804 
- 
- 
b) Other financial companies 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
 
of 
which: 
insurance 
companies 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
c) Non financial companies 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
2. Loans: 
1,764,841 
31,573 
7,018 
1,905,203 
31,337 
6,527 
a) Public administrations 
8,391 
- 
- 
9,671 
- 
- 
b) Other financial companies 
74,722 
1,342 
299 
94,104 
187 
- 
 
of 
which: 
insurance 
companies 
10,519 
- 
- 
10,394 
- 
- 
c) Non financial companies 
1,527,068 
27,928 
5,931 
1,618,472 
26,767 
6,527 
d) Households 
154,660 
2,303 
788 
182,957 
4,384 
- 
Total 
2,447,231 
31,573 
7,018 
2,768,007 
31,337 
6,527

--- Page 444 ---
2023 Report and financial statements | 2023 Financial statements | Statement of cash flows 
10286974115-v8 
442 
47-41075393 
 
4.5 Financial assets measured at amortised cost: gross amount and total adjustments 
31/12/2023 
 
Gross amount 
Total adjustments 
 
Stage 1 
of which: 
Instruments with 
low credit risk 
Stage 2 
Stage 
3 
Purchased 
or 
originated 
credit-
impaired 
Stage 
1 
Stage 
2 
Stage 
3 
Purchased 
or originated 
credit-
impaired 
Total 
partial 
write-offs 
(*) 
Debt securities 
702.622 
 
 
 
 
290 
 
 
 
 
Loans 
1.887.986 
1.102.210 
223.980 
72.521 
13.375 
3.064 
13.355 
40.948 
6.357 
Total 31/12/2023  
2.590.608 
1.102.210 
223.980 
72.521 
13.375 
3.353 
13.355 
40.948 
6.357 
Total 31/12/2022 
4.850.956 
2.660.606 
247.571 
63.957 
12.706 
8.887 
10.879 
32.620 
6.178

--- Page 445 ---
2023 Report and financial statements | 2023 Financial statements | Statement of cash flows 
10286974115-v8 
443 
47-41075393 
 
Section 5 – Hedging derivatives – Item 50  
 
5.1 Hedging derivatives: breakdown by type of hedge and level 
 
 
Fair Value (2023) 
NV(2023) 
Fair Value (2022) 
NV (2022) 
Level 1 
Level 2 
Level 3 
Level 1 
Level 2 
Level 3 
A) Financial derivatives 
- 
11,398 
- 
216,837 
- 
1,343 
- 
20,334 
1) Fair value 
- 
11,398 
- 
216,837 
- 
1,343 
- 
20,334 
2) Cash flows 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
3) Foreign investments 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
B. Credit derivatives 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
1) Fair value 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
2) Cash flows 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Total 
- 
11,398 
- 
216,837 
- 
1,343 
- 
20,334 
 
NV = notional value

--- Page 446 ---
2023 Report and financial statements | 2023 Financial statements | Statement of cash flows 
10286974115-v8 
444 
47-41075393 
 
5.2 Hedging derivatives: breakdown by hedged portfolio and type of hedge  
Transactions/Type of hedge 
Fair Value 
Cash flows 
Foreign 
investments 
Specific 
Generic Specific Generic 
debt 
securities 
and 
interest 
rates 
equity 
instruments 
and share 
indices 
currencies 
and gold 
Credit  
commodities 
other 
1. Financial assets measured at 
fair 
value 
through 
other 
comprehensive income  
- 
- 
- 
- 
X 
X 
X 
- 
X 
X 
2. Financial assets measured at 
amortised cost  
767 
X 
- 
- 
X 
X 
X 
- 
X 
X 
3. Portfolio  
X 
X 
X 
X 
X 
X 
- 
X 
- 
X 
4. Other transactions  
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
X 
- 
X 
- 
Total assets 
767 
X 
- 
- 
- 
- 
X  
- 
X 
X 
1. Financial liabilities  
10,631 
X 
X 
X 
X 
X 
- 
X 
- 
X 
2. Portfolio  
X 
X 
X 
X 
X 
X 
- 
X 
- 
X 
Total liabilities 
10,631 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
1. Forecast transactions 
X 
X 
X 
X 
X 
X 
X 
- 
X 
X 
2. 
Financial 
assets 
and 
liabilities portfolio 
X 
X 
X 
X 
X 
X 
- 
X 
- 
-

--- Page 447 ---
2023 Report and financial statements | 2023 Financial statements | Statement of cash flows 
10286974115-v8 
445 
47-41075393 
 
Section 7 - Equity investments - Item 70  
 
7.1 Equity investments: information on equity interests 
 
Companies 
Registered 
office 
Place of 
business 
% held 
% Votes 
available 
A. Wholly owned subsidiaries  
 
 
 
 
B. Companies subject to joint control  
 
 
 
 
CASSE RURALI RAIFFEISEN FINANZIARIA SPA 
BOLZANO (BZ) 
BOLZANO (BZ) 
50 
50 
C. Companies subject to significant influence  
 
 
 
 
RAIFFEISEN SERVIZI ASSICURATIVI SRL 
BOLZANO (BZ) 
BOLZANO (BZ) 
30 
30 
MEDIOCREDITO TRENTINO ALTO ADIGE SPA 
TRENTO (TN) 
TRENTO (TN) 
10.7 
10.7 
 
Casse Rurali Raiffeisen Finanziaria SpA prepares its financial statements in accordance with Italian 
Legislative Decree No. 139/2015. Therefore, a reconciliation of the financial statements according to 
IAS/IFRS was also prepared for this investee company. A reconciliation statement according to 
IAS/IFRS was also prepared for the 2023 financial statements of Raiffeisen Versicherungsdienst. In 
2023, the Bank acquired a 7.85% direct equity investment in Mediocredito Trentino Südtirol. As a 
result, as at 31 December 2023, the bank held a direct equity investment and an indirect equity 
investment of 28.35% in Mediocredito Trentino Südtirol.

--- Page 448 ---
2023 Report and financial statements | 2023 Financial statements | Statement of cash flows 
10286974115-v8 
446 
47-41075393 
 
7.2 Material equity investments: carrying amount, fair value and dividends received  
 
Companies 
Carrying amount 
Fair value 
Dividends 
received 
A. Wholly owned subsidiaries   
 
 
 
B. Companies subject to joint control  
 
 
 
CASSE RURALI RAIFFEISEN FINANZIARIA SPA 
7,428 
 
- 
C. Companies subject to significant influence  
 
 
 
RAIFFEISEN SERVIZI ASSICURATIVI SRL 
7,830 
 
215 
MEDIOCREDITO TRENTINO ALTO ADIGE SPA 
13,837 
 
- 
Total 
29,094 
 
215 
 
Equity investments were measured at equity.  
CRR Fin Spa ended the 2023 financial year with a loss of € 3,612 thousand. This result is affected by 
the measurement of the equity investments held, in particular in Mediocredito Trentino Südtirol.  
Goodwill of € 2,024 thousand was recognised at the time of the acquisition of the equity investment 
in RVD GmbH. On these equity investments, the bank did not identify any evidence of impairment as 
a result of the measurements on the 2023 financial statements.  
The fair value column was not corroborated as these are non-listed companies and it is assumed that 
the values shown for each equity investment represent the best possible measurement based on the 
information available to the bank.  
Finally, it should be noted that dividends received during the year from these equity investments were 
recognised as a decrease in their value, as they were already included in their measurement at equity 
as at 31 December 2022.

--- Page 449 ---
2023 Report and financial statements | 2023 Financial statements | Statement of cash flows 
10286974115-v8 
447 
47-41075393 
 
7.3  Material equity investments: financial information 
Companies 
Cash and 
cash 
equivalents 
Financial 
assets 
Financial 
liabilities 
Total 
revenues 
Net 
interest 
income 
Income 
(loss) before 
tax from 
continuing 
operations 
Income 
(loss) after 
tax from 
continuing 
operations 
Income (loss) 
after tax from 
discontinued 
operations 
Net 
income(loss) 
for the year 
(1) 
Other 
comprehensive 
income net of 
income taxes (2) 
Comprehensive 
income (3) = (1) 
+ (2) 
A. Wholly owned 
subsidiaries  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
B. 
Companies 
subject 
to 
joint 
control 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
CASSE 
RURALI 
RAIFFEISEN 
FINANZIARIA SPA 
329 
45,647 
30,014 
808 
(738) 
(3,612) 
(3,612) 
- 
(3,612) 
- 
(3,612) 
C. 
Companies 
subject 
to 
significant 
influence 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
RAIFFEISEN 
SERVIZI 
ASSICURATIVI 
SRL  
662 
14,500 
573 
6,272 
349 
3,185 
2,353 
- 
2,353 
- 
2,353 
MEDIOCREDITO 
TRENTINO ALTO 
ADIGE SPA 
32,623 
1,567,790 
1,428,634 
31,309 
21,485 
8,863 
6,293 
. 
6,293 
 
6,293 
 
In accordance with IFRS 12, the table shows the figures taken from the financial statements as at 31 
December 2023 of the investee companies and their reconciliation statements referring to 100% of 
the equity investment and not to the percentage held by the bank.

--- Page 450 ---
2023 Report and financial statements | 2023 Financial statements | Statement of cash flows 
10286974115-v8 
448 
47-41075393 
 
7.5 Equity investments: annual changes 
  
Description 
31/12/2023 
31/12/2022 
A. Opening balance 
21,591 
26,463 
B. Increases 
11,783 
4,885 
B.1 Purchases  
11,077 
4,235 
B.2 Recoveries 
- 
- 
B.3 Revaluations  
706 
650 
B.4 Other increases 
- 
- 
C. Decreases 
4,279 
9,757 
C.1 Sales 
- 
- 
C.2 Impairment losses  
4,064 
9,577 
C.3 Other decreases  
215 
180 
D. Closing balance 
29,095 
21,591 
E. Total revaluations 
30,863 
19,080 
F. Total impairment losses 
25,221 
21,157

--- Page 451 ---
2023 Report and financial statements | 2023 Financial statements | Statement of cash flows 
10286974115-v8 
449 
47-41075393 
 
Section 8 - Property, equipment and investment property - Item 80  
 
8.1 Property, equipment and investment property used in the business: breakdown of assets 
measured at cost  
 
Assets/Amounts 
31/12/2023 
31/12/2022 
1. Property and equipment owned 
12,524 
13,504 
 
a) land 
5,965 
5,965 
 
b) buildings 
5,376 
6,272 
 
c) furniture 
806 
848 
 
d) electronic equipment 
288 
258 
 
e) other 
89 
162 
2. Rights of use acquired through the lease 
1,335 
100 
 
a) land  
- 
- 
 
b) buildings  
1,191 
- 
 
c) furniture  
- 
- 
 
d) electronic equipment 
- 
- 
 
e) other 
143 
100 
Total 
13,859 
13,604 
of which: resulting from the enforcement of guarantees 
- 
- 
 
The provisions of IFRS 16 were applied to the recognition of rights of use. In particular, rights of use 
were activated for 6 long-term lease contracts for company cars and 1 rental contract for a property.

--- Page 452 ---
2023 Report and financial statements | 2023 Financial statements | Statement of cash flows 
10286974115-v8 
450 
47-41075393 
 
8.6 Property, equipment and investment property used in the business: annual changes  
 
 
Land 
Buildings 
Furniture 
Electronic 
equipment 
Other 
Total 
A. Opening balance, gross  
5,965 
6,833 
921 
340 
340 
14,399 
A.1 Total impairment losses  
- 
565 
70 
87 
74 
796 
A.2 Opening balance, net  
5,965 
6,268 
851 
253 
266 
13,603 
B. Increases: 
- 
1,027 
34 
134 
1,453 
2,648 
B.1 Purchases 
- 
1,027 
34 
134 
1,453 
2,648 
B.2 Capitalised improvement costs 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
B.3 Recoveries 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
B.4 Fair value gains recognised in 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
-  
 
a) shareholders' equity 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
-  
 
b) income statement 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
B.5 Exchange rate gains 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
B.6 Transfers from investment property 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
B.7 Other increases 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
C. Decreases: 
- 
1,919 
79 
99 
295 
2,392 
C.1 Sales 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
C.2 Depreciations 
- 
1,919 
79 
99 
295 
2,392 
C.3 Impairment losses recognised in 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
-  
 
a) shareholders' equity 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
-  
 
b) income statement 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
C.4 Fair value losses recognised in 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
-  
 
a) shareholders' equity 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
-  
 
b) income statement 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
C.5 Exchange rate losses 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
C.6 Transfers to: 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
-  
 
a) investment property 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
-  
 
b) discontinued operations 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
C.7 Other decreases 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
D. Closing balance, net  
5,965 
5,376 
806 
288 
1,424 
13,859 
D.1 Total impairment losses  
- 
1,919 
79 
99 
295 
2,392 
D.2 Closing balance, gross  
5,965 
7,295 
885 
387 
1,719 
16,251 
E. Measured at cost 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
 
Gross opening balances, accumulated depreciation and net opening balances correspond to the 
previous year's closing balances.

--- Page 453 ---
2023 Report and financial statements | 2023 Financial statements | Statement of cash flows 
10286974115-v8 
451 
47-41075393 
 
Section 9 - Intangible assets - Item 90  
 
9.1 Intangible assets: breakdown by type of asset 
  
Asset/Amounts 
31/12/2023 
31/12/2022 
Definite life 
Definite life 
Definite life 
Indefinite life 
A.1 Goodwill  
- 
- 
- 
- 
A.2 Other intangible assets  
81 
- 
58 
- 
of which: software  
81 
- 
58 
- 
A.2.1 Assets measured at cost:  
81 
- 
58 
- 
 
a) Internally generated intangible assets  
- 
- 
- 
- 
 
b) Other assets  
81 
- 
58 
- 
A.2.2 Assets measured at fair value:  
- 
- 
- 
- 
 
a) Internally generated intangible assets  
- 
- 
- 
- 
 
b) Other assets  
- 
- 
- 
- 
Total 
81 
- 
58 
- 
 
Intangible assets refer to licences for the use of software.

--- Page 454 ---
2023 Report and financial statements | 2023 Financial statements | Statement of cash flows 
10286974115-v8 
452 
47-41075393 
 
9.2 Intangible assets: annual changes 
  
 
Goodw
ill 
Other intangible assets: 
generated internally 
Other intangible assets: 
other 
Total 
Definite 
Indefinite 
Definite 
Indefinit
e 
A. Opening balance  
- 
- 
- 
3,510 
- 
3,510 
A.1 Total impairment losses  
 
 
 
3,452 
 
3,452 
A.2 Opening balance, net 
- 
- 
- 
58 
- 
58 
B. Increases 
- 
- 
- 
78 
- 
78 
B.1 Purchases 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
B.2 Increases in internally generated 
intangible assets 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
B.3 Recoveries 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
B.4 Fair value gains recognised in 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
 
- shareholders' equity 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
 
- income statements 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
B.5 Exchange rate gains 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
B.6 Other increases 
- 
- 
- 
78 
- 
78 
C. Decreases 
- 
- 
- 
55 
- 
55 
C.1 Sales 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
C.2 Impairment losses 
- 
- 
- 
55 
- 
55 
 
- amortisation 
- 
- 
- 
55 
- 
55 
 
- Impairment: 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
 
+ shareholders' equity 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
 
+ income statements 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
 
C.3 Fair value losses 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
 
- shareholders' equity 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
 
- income statements 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
C.4 Transfers to non-current assets held 
for sale 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
C.5 Exchange rate losses 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
C.6 Other decreases 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
D. Closing balance, net  
- 
- 
- 
81 
- 
81 
D.1 Total net impairment losses  
- 
- 
- 
3,507 
- 
3,507 
E. Closing balance, gross 
- 
- 
- 
3,588 
- 
3,588 
F. Measured at cost 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
-

--- Page 455 ---
2023 Report and financial statements | 2023 Financial statements | Statement of cash flows 
10286974115-v8 
453 
47-41075393 
 
Section 10 - Tax assets and liabilities - Item 100 under assets and item 60 under 
liabilities  
 
10.1 Deferred tax assets: breakdown 
  
Description 
IRES 
IRAP 
Total 
A) recognised in income statement 
4,722 
730 
5,452 
1. impairment of loans 
2,528 
365 
2,892 
2. tax losses  
- 
- 
- 
3. other 
2,194 
366 
2,560 
B) recognised in shareholders' equity 
4,235 
716 
4,951 
1. valuation reserves 
4,235 
716 
4,951 
2. other  
- 
- 
- 
Total 
8,957 
1,446 
10,403 
 
Other deferred tax assets under A refer to measurements of due from banks and loans to customers 
and commitments and guarantees given. Deferred tax assets are considered fully recoverable on the 
basis of expected taxable income in future periods.  
 
10.2 Deferred tax liabilities: breakdown 
  
Description 
IRES 
IRAP 
Total 
A) recognised in income statement 
591 
- 
591 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
B) recognised in shareholders' equity 
1,525 
258 
1,783 
1. valuation reserves 
1,525 
258 
1,783 
2. other  
- 
 
 
Total 
2,116 
258 
2,373 
 
Deferred tax assets and liabilities were calculated for corporate income tax IRES and IRAP tax, when 
due.  
The rates used to calculate deferred taxation are 27.5% for IRES and 4.65% for IRAP.

--- Page 456 ---
2023 Report and financial statements | 2023 Financial statements | Statement of cash flows 
10286974115-v8 
454 
47-41075393 
 
10.3 Changes in deferred tax assets (recognised in profit or loss)  
 
31/12/2023 
31/12/2022 
1. Opening balance 
5,759 
6,601 
2. Increases 
1,928 
942 
2.1 Deferred tax assets recognised in the year 
1,928 
942 
 
a) relating to previous years 
- 
- 
 
b) due to changes in accounting policies 
- 
- 
 
c) recoveries 
- 
- 
 
d) other 
1,928 
942 
2.2 New taxes or increases in tax rates 
- 
- 
2.3 Other increases 
- 
- 
3. Decreases 
2,234 
1,784 
3.1 Deferred tax assets cancelled during the year 
2,234 
1,784 
 
a) reversals 
- 
- 
 
b) impairment losses due to non-recoverability 
- 
- 
 
c) changes in accounting policies 
- 
- 
 
d) other 
2,234 
1,784 
3.2 Reductions in tax rates 
- 
- 
3.3 Other decreases 
- 
- 
 
a) conversion into tax assets as per Italian Law 214/2011 
- 
- 
 
b) Other 
- 
- 
4. Closing balance 
5,452 
5,759 
 
10.3bis Changes in deferred tax assets pursuant to Law 214/2011  
 
31/12/2023 
31/12/2022 
1. Opening balance 
3,692 
3,692 
2. Increases 
- 
- 
3. Decreases 
- 
- 
3.1 Reversals 
- 
- 
3.2 Conversions into tax assets 
 
 
 
a) deriving from losses for the year 
- 
- 
 
b) deriving from tax losses 
- 
- 
3.3 Other decreases 
- 
- 
4. Closing balance 
3,692 
3,692 
 
10.4 Changes in deferred tax liabilities (recognised in profit or loss)  
 
31/12/2023 
31/12/2022 
1. Opening balance 
552 
564 
2. Increases 
39 
79 
2.1 Deferred tax assets recognised in the year 
39 
79 
 
a) relating to previous years 
- 
- 
 
b) due to changes in accounting policies 
- 
- 
 
c) other 
39 
79 
2.2 New taxes or increases in tax rates 
- 
- 
2.3 Other increases 
- 
- 
3. Decreases 
- 
91 
3.1 Deferred tax assets cancelled during the year 
- 
91 
 
a) reversals 
- 
- 
 
b) due to changes in accounting policies 
- 
- 
 
c) other 
- 
91 
3.2 Reductions in tax rates 
- 
- 
3.3 Other decreases 
- 
- 
4. Closing balance 
591 
552

--- Page 457 ---
2023 Report and financial statements | 2023 Financial statements | Statement of cash flows 
10286974115-v8 
455 
47-41075393 
 
10.5 Changes in deferred tax assets (recognised in shareholders' equity)  
 
31/12/2023 
31/12/2022 
1. Opening balance 
13,564 
36 
2. Increases 
- 
13,528 
2.1 Deferred tax assets recognised in the year 
- 
13,528 
 
a) relating to previous years 
- 
- 
 
b) due to changes in accounting policies 
- 
- 
 
c) other 
- 
13,528 
2.2 New taxes or increases in tax rates 
- 
- 
2.3 Other increases 
- 
- 
3. Decreases 
8,613 
- 
3.1 Deferred tax assets cancelled during the year 
8,613 
- 
 
a) reversals 
- 
- 
 
b) due to changes in accounting policies 
- 
- 
 
c) other 
8,613 
- 
3.2 Reductions in tax rates 
- 
- 
3.3 Other decreases 
- 
- 
4. Closing balance 
4,951 
13,564 
 
 
10.6 Changes in deferred tax liabilities (recognised in shareholders' equity)  
 
31/12/2023 
31/12/2022 
1. Opening balance 
426 
4,877 
2. Increases 
- 
- 
2.1 Deferred tax assets recognised in the year 
- 
- 
 
a) relating to previous years 
- 
- 
 
b) due to changes in accounting policies 
- 
- 
 
c) other 
- 
- 
2.2 New taxes or increases in tax rates 
- 
- 
2.3 Other increases 
- 
- 
3. Decreases 
(1,356) 
4,451 
3.1 Deferred tax assets cancelled during the year 
- 
- 
 
a) reversals 
- 
- 
 
b) impairment losses due to non-recoverability 
- 
- 
 
c) due to changes in accounting policies 
- 
- 
 
d) other 
- 
- 
3.2 Reductions in tax rates 
- 
- 
3.3 Other decreases 
(1,356) 
4,451 
4. Closing balance 
1,782 
426

--- Page 458 ---
2023 Report and financial statements | 2023 Financial statements | Statement of cash flows 
10286974115-v8 
456 
47-41075393 
 
Section 12 – Other assets - Item 120  
 
12.1 Other assets: breakdown 
 
31/12/2023 
31/12/2022 
a) cheques being processed  
16.076 
7,209 
b) clearing service with Bank of Italy  
77 
99 
c) advances to suppliers  
610 
693 
d) interest, commissions and charges to be collected  
4,532 
5,099 
e) other sundry payables  
102,049 
90,730 
Total 
123,344 
103,831 
 
As a central bank, Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige SpA acts as an intermediary for the 
Raiffeisen member banks and third-party customers in national and international payment systems 
and for the fulfilment of orders for the purchase and sale of securities. Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen 
dell'Alto Adige is a direct member of the Bank of Italy's Target to Security gross settlement and 
securities settlement systems and indirectly of the Monte Titoli SpA system. Other sundry debtors 
include tax receivables acquired by the bank of € 58,718 thousand held for the purpose of offsetting.

--- Page 459 ---
2023 Report and financial statements | 2023 Financial statements | Statement of cash flows 
10286974115-v8 
457 
47-41075393 
 
Part B - Information on the statement of financial position 
Liabilities  
 
Section 1 – Financial liabilities measured at amortised cost – Item 10  
 
1.1 Financial liabilities measured at amortised cost: breakdown of amounts due to banks 
 
Type of transaction/Amounts 
31/12/2023 
31/12/2022 
Carrying 
amount 
Fair Value 
Carrying 
amount 
Fair Value 
L1 
L2 
L3 
L1 
L2 
L3 
1. Due to central banks 
369,448 
X 
X 
X 
2,840,451 
X 
X 
X 
2. Due to banks 
780,852 
X 
X 
X 
512,405 
X 
X 
X 
2.1 Current accounts and sight deposits 
357,046 
X 
X 
X 
165,376 
X 
X 
X 
2.2 Term deposits 
415,654 
X 
X 
X 
337,663 
X 
X 
X 
2.3 Loans 
8,048 
X 
X 
X 
8,044 
X 
X 
X 
 
2.3.1 Repurchase agreements 
- 
X 
X 
X 
- 
X 
X 
X 
 
2.3.2 Other 
8,048 
X 
X 
X 
8,044 
X 
X 
X 
2.4 Payables 
for 
commitments 
to 
repurchase own equity instruments 
- 
X 
X 
X 
- 
X 
X 
X 
2.5 Lease payables 
- 
X 
X 
X 
- 
X 
X 
X 
2.6 Other payables 
105 
X 
X 
X 
1,322 
X 
X 
X 
Total 
1,150,300 
- 
- 
1,150,300 
3,352,856 
- 
- 
3,352,818

--- Page 460 ---
2023 Report and financial statements | 2023 Financial statements | Statement of cash flows 
10286974115-v8 
458 
47-41075393 
 
1.2 Financial liabilities measured at amortised cost: breakdown of amounts due to customers 
 
Type of 
transaction/Amounts 
31/12/2023 
31/12/2022 
Carrying 
amount 
Fair Value 
Carrying 
amount 
Fair Value 
L1 
L2 
L3 
L1 
L2 
L3 
1 Current accounts and sight 
deposits 
800,801 
X 
X 
X 
902,986 
X 
X 
X 
2 Term deposits 
144,500 
X 
X 
X 
156,270 
X 
X 
X 
3 Loans 
138,347 
X 
X 
X 
379,181 
X 
X 
X 
 
3.1 Repurchase 
agreements 
137,821 
X 
X 
X 
378,128 
X 
X 
X 
 
3.2 Other 
526 
X 
X 
X 
1,053 
X 
X 
X 
4 Payables for commitments to 
repurchase 
own 
equity 
instruments 
- 
X 
X 
X 
 
X 
X 
X 
5 Lease payables 
1,341 
X 
X 
X 
100 
X 
X 
X 
6 Other payables 
58,949 
X 
X 
X 
68,520 
X 
X 
X 
Total 
1,143,938 
- 
31,032 
1,113,003 
1,507,057 
 
29,476 
1,475,856 
 
Repurchase agreements were concluded with the counterparty Cassa di Compensazione e Garanzia. 
Other payables include third-party funds under management, in accordance with supervisory 
regulations.

--- Page 461 ---
2023 Report and financial statements | 2023 Financial statements | Statement of cash flows 
10286974115-v8 
459 
47-41075393 
 
1.3 Financial liabilities measured at amortised cost: breakdown of securities issued 
 
Type of 
transaction/Amounts 
31/12/2023 
31/12/2022 
carrying 
amount 
Fair Value 
carrying 
amount 
Fair Value 
Level 1 
Level 2 
Level 3 
Level 1 
Level 2 
Level 3 
A. Securities 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
1. Bonds 
1,097,948 
644,900 
242,070 
189,314 
865,401 
422,212 
395,879 
 
 
1.1 structured 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
 
1.2 other 
1,097,948 
644,900 
242,070 
189,314 
865,401 
422,212 
395,879 
- 
2. Other securities 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
 
2.1 Structured 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
 
2.2 other 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Total 
1,097,948 
644,900 
242,070 
189,314 
865,401 
422,212 
395,879 
-

--- Page 462 ---
2023 Report and financial statements | 2023 Financial statements | Statement of cash flows 
10286974115-v8 
460 
47-41075393 
 
Section 2 - Financial liabilities held for trading - Item 20  
 
2.1 Financial liabilities held for trading: breakdown  
 
Type of transaction/Amounts 
31/12/2023 
31/12/2022 
NV 
Fair Value 
FV * 
NV 
Fair Value 
FV * 
L1 
L2 
L3 
L1 
L2 
L3 
A. Cash liabilities  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
1. Due to banks 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
2. Due to customers 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
3. Debt securities 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
 
3.1 Bonds 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
 
 
3.1.1 Structured 
- 
- 
- 
- 
X 
- 
- 
- 
- 
X 
 
 
3.1.2 Other bonds 
- 
- 
- 
- 
X 
- 
- 
- 
- 
X 
 
3.2 Other securities 
- 
- 
- 
- 
X 
- 
- 
- 
- 
X 
 
 
3.2.1 Structured 
- 
- 
- 
- 
X 
- 
- 
- 
- 
X 
 
 
3.2.2 Other 
- 
- 
- 
- 
X 
- 
- 
- 
- 
X 
Total A 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
B. Derivative instruments  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
1. Financial derivatives 
X 
- 
4,184 
61 
X 
X 
- 
5,713 
61 
X 
 
1.1 trading 
X 
- 
4,184 
61 
X 
X 
- 
5,713 
61 
X 
 
1.2 Associated with fair value option 
X 
- 
- 
- 
X 
X 
- 
- 
- 
X 
 
1.3 Other 
X 
- 
- 
- 
X 
X 
- 
- 
- 
X 
2. Credit derivatives 
X 
- 
- 
- 
X 
X 
- 
- 
- 
X 
 
2.1 Trading 
X 
- 
- 
- 
X 
X 
- 
- 
- 
X 
 
2.2 Associated with fair value option 
X 
- 
- 
- 
X 
X 
- 
- 
- 
X 
 
2.3 Other 
X 
- 
- 
- 
X 
X 
- 
- 
- 
X 
Total B 
X 
- 
4,184 
61 
X 
X 
- 
5,713 
61 
X 
Total (A+B) 
X 
- 
4,184 
61 
X 
X 
- 
5,713 
61 
X 
 
Key  
FV = fair value  
FV* = fair value calculated by excluding changes in value due to change in creditworthiness of the 
issuer with respect to the issue date  
NV = nominal or notional value  
L1 = Level 1  
L2 = Level 2  
L3 = Level 3

--- Page 463 ---
2023 Report and financial statements | 2023 Financial statements | Statement of cash flows 
10286974115-v8 
461 
47-41075393 
 
Section 4 - Hedging derivatives - Item 40  
 
4.1 Hedging derivatives: breakdown by type of hedge and level  
 
 
NV 
(2023) 
2023 Fair value 
NV. 
(2022) 
2022 Fair value 
L1 
L2 
L3 
L1 
L2 
L3 
A) 
Financial 
derivatives 
- 
- 
- 
- 
1,444 
- 
13 
- 
1) Fair value 
- 
- 
- 
- 
1,444 
- 
13 
- 
2) Cash flows 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
3) 
Foreign 
investments 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
B. 
Credit 
derivatives 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
1) Fair value 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
2) Cash flows 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Total 
- 
- 
- 
- 
1,444 
- 
13 
- 
 
Key  
NV = nominal value  
L1 = Level 1  
L2 = Level 2  
L3 = Level 3

--- Page 464 ---
2023 Report and financial statements | 2023 Financial statements | Statement of cash flows 
10286974115-v8 
462 
47-41075393 
 
Section 8 – Other liabilities – Item 80  
 
8.1 Other liabilities: breakdown  
 
Description 
31/12/2023 
31/12/2022 
a) amounts available to third parties  
36 
114 
b) trade payables  
1,469 
1,759 
c) clearing service with Bank of Italy  
2,388 
4,041 
d) items in progress (temporary accounts)  
28,543 
21,291 
e) other liabilities  
40,195 
11,805 
Total 
72,631 
42,009 
 
Items in progress are attributable to collection and payment transactions on behalf of third parties as 
well as securities transactions. The increase compared to the previous year is mainly due to the 
volumes of transactions at the end of the year on the temporary accounts dedicated to items in 
progress.

--- Page 465 ---
2023 Report and financial statements | 2023 Financial statements | Statement of cash flows 
10286974115-v8 
463 
47-41075393 
 
Section 9 – Employee termination indemnities – Item 90  
 
9.1 Employee termination indemnities: annual changes 
 
31/12/2023 
31/12/2022 
A. Opening balance 
2,848 
3,429 
B. Increases  
143 
393 
B.1 Accruals for the year  
- 
- 
B.2 Other increases  
143 
393 
C. Decreases  
330 
974 
C.1 Benefits paid  
330 
974 
C.2 Other decreases  
- 
- 
D. Closing balance 
2,661 
2,848 
 
As from 1 January 2007, the provisions of Italian Law no. 252 of 5 December 2005 came into force 
with anticipated effect, resulting in the payment of employee termination indemnities accrued since 1 
July 2007 into a supplementary pension fund or the INPS Treasury Fund. The employee termination 
indemnity fund was measured by an independent actuary.  
The following assumptions were adopted for the actuarial valuation of the employee termination 
indemnity fund:  
­ 
annual discount rate 2.95%.  
­ 
annual inflation rate: 5.6% for 2023, 2.4% for 2024 and 2.0% from 2025.  
­ 
annual rate of increase of employee termination indemnities 3.00%.  
For the valuation of the discount rate, the iBoxx Eurozone Corporates AA5 7 index at the valuation 
date was taken as a reference.

--- Page 466 ---
2023 Report and financial statements | 2023 Financial statements | Statement of cash flows 
10286974115-v8 
464 
47-41075393 
 
Section 10 - Allowances for risks and charges - Item 100  
10.1 Allowances for risks and charges: breakdown 
 
Item/Amounts 
31/12/2023 
31/12/2022 
1 Allowances for risks and charges relating to commitments and financial guarantees 
given  
5,617 
3,215 
2. Allowances on other commitments and other guarantees given  
- 
- 
3. Company pension funds  
- 
- 
4. Other allowances for risks and charges  
450 
464 
 
4.1 legal and tax disputes  
260 
315 
 
4.2 personnel expenses  
- 
- 
 
4.3 other  
190 
149 
Total 
6,067 
3,679 
 
Allowances for legal disputes concern a number of disputes relating to the sale of financial products 
as well as a dispute concerning the interpretation of contractual clauses.  
Other allowances for risk include the allowance for employee loyalty bonuses.

--- Page 467 ---
2023 Report and financial statements | 2023 Financial statements | Statement of cash flows 
10286974115-v8 
465 
47-41075393 
 
10.2 Allowances for risks and charges: annual changes 
  
 
Allowances on 
other 
commitments 
and other 
guarantees 
given 
Pension funds 
Other funds 
Total 
A. Opening balance 
3.214 
- 
464 
3,678 
B. Increases  
4,379 
- 
18 
4,397 
B.1 Accruals for the year  
4,379 
- 
18 
4,397 
B.2 Changes over time  
 
- 
- 
- 
B.3 Changes due to discount rate 
fluctuations  
 
- 
- 
- 
B.4 Other increases  
 
- 
- 
- 
C. Decreases  
2,008 
- 
- 
2,008 
C.1 Use in the year  
1,973 
- 
- 
1,973 
C.2 Changes due to discount rate 
fluctuations  
- 
- 
- 
- 
C.3 Other decreases  
35 
- 
- 
35 
D. Closing balance 
5,585 
- 
482 
6,067

--- Page 468 ---
2023 Report and financial statements | 2023 Financial statements | Statement of cash flows 
10286974115-v8 
466 
47-41075393 
 
10.3 Allowances for credit risk associated with commitments and financial guarantees given 
  
Item/Amounts 
Allowances for credit risk relating to commitments and guarantees given 
Stage 1 
Stage 2 
Stage 3 
Purchased or 
originated 
credit-
impaired 
Total 
Commitments to disburse funds 
666 
258 
678 
387 
1,990 
Financial guarantees given 
151 
184 
2,922 
369 
3,627 
Total 
817 
442 
3,601 
757 
5,617

--- Page 469 ---
2023 Report and financial statements | 2023 Financial statements | Statement of cash flows 
10286974115-v8 
467 
47-41075393 
 
Section 12 – Shareholders' equity - Items 110, 130, 140, 150, 160, 170 and 180  
 
12.1 Share capital and treasury shares: breakdown  
 
Description 
31/12/2023 
31/12/2022 
1. Share capital 
250,000 
250,000 
2. Share premium reserve 
- 
- 
3. Reserves 
206,552 
202,651 
4. (Treasury shares) 
- 
- 
5. Valuation reserves 
2,765 
(18,822) 
6. Equity instruments 
- 
- 
7. Net Income (Loss) for the year 
25,322 
11,904 
Total 
484,638 
445,734

--- Page 470 ---
2023 Report and financial statements | 2023 Financial statements | Statement of cash flows 
10286974115-v8 
468 
47-41075393 
 
12.2 Share capital - Number of shares: annual changes  
 
Items/Types 
Ordinary 
Other 
A. Shares at the beginning of the year 
250,000 
- 
- fully paid-up 
250,000 
- 
- not fully paid-up 
- 
- 
A.1 Treasury shares (-) 
- 
- 
A.2 Outstanding shares: opening balance 
250,000 
- 
B. Increases 
- 
- 
B.1 New issues 
- 
- 
-against payment 
- 
- 
 
- business combinations 
- 
- 
 
- conversion of bonds 
- 
- 
 
- exercising of warrants 
- 
- 
 
- other 
- 
- 
-free of charge 
- 
- 
 
-on behalf of employees 
- 
- 
 
-on behalf of directors 
- 
- 
 
- other 
- 
- 
B.2 Sale of treasury shares 
- 
- 
B.3 Other increases 
- 
- 
C. Decreases 
- 
- 
C.1 Cancellation 
- 
- 
C2. Purchase of treasury shares 
- 
- 
C3 Disposals of companies 
- 
- 
C4 Other decreases 
- 
- 
D. Outstanding shares: final balance 
250,000 
- 
D1 Treasury shares (+) 
- 
- 
D2 Shares outstanding at the end of the year 
250,000 
- 
- fully paid-up 
250,000 
- 
- not fully paid-up 
- 
-

--- Page 471 ---
2023 Report and financial statements | 2023 Financial statements | Statement of cash flows 
10286974115-v8 
469 
47-41075393 
 
12.4 Reserves from retained earnings: other information 
The bank's retained earnings reserves consist of profit allocations made in previous years, as well as 
the reclassification of the allowance for general banking risks, the allowance for credit risks and other 
allowances following the first-time adoption of IAS/IFRS.  
 
12.5 Equity instruments: breakdown and annual changes  
Item/Amounts 
Amount 
Possibility of use 
Amount available 
a) Legal reserve  
21,504 
B 
12,432 
b) Statutory reserve  
54,897 
A-B-C 
54,897 
c) Voluntary reserve  
86,646 
A-B-C 
86,646 
C1) Non-distributable voluntary 
reserve  
6,432 
B 
- 
d) Other reserves  
37,073 
A-B 
37,073 
Total 
206,552 
- 
191,048 
 
  
Key:  
A: for share capital increase  
B: as loss coverage  
C: for distribution to Shareholders

--- Page 472 ---
2023 Report and financial statements | 2023 Financial statements | Statement of cash flows 
10286974115-v8 
470 
47-41075393 
 
Part B - Information on the statement of financial position  
 
Other information  
 
1. Commitments and financial guarantees given other than those designated at fair value  
 
notional amount on commitments and financial guarantees 
given 
Total 
31/12/2023 
Total 
31/12/2022 
Stage 1 
Stage 2 
Stage 3 
Purchased or 
originated 
credit-impaired 
1. Commitments to disburse 
funds 
1,493,914 
50,072 
6,226 
4,619 
1,554,832 
1,544,027 
a) Central Banks 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
b) Public administrations 
5,791 
- 
- 
- 
5,791 
4,857 
c) Banks 
973,478 
21 
- 
- 
973,499 
973,214 
d) Other financial companies 
48,545 
- 
- 
- 
48,545 
9,414 
e) Non-financial companies 
449,689 
49,895 
6,143 
4,600 
510,326 
542,668 
f) Households 
16,412 
156 
84 
20 
16,672 
13,875 
2. 
Financial 
guarantees 
given 
192,748 
34,612 
9,686 
1,692 
238,738 
283,597 
a) Central Banks 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
b) Public administrations 
98 
- 
- 
- 
98 
66 
c) Banks 
28,025 
150 
- 
- 
28,175 
23,892 
d) Other financial companies 
17,713 
22 
- 
- 
17,735 
18,323 
e) Non-financial companies 
145,241 
34,111 
9,686 
1,690 
190,728 
236,692 
f) Households 
1,671 
328 
- 
2 
2,001 
4,624 
 
3. Assets pledged as collateral of liabilities and commitments 
  
Portfolios 
Amount 
31/12/2023 
Amount 
31/12/2022 
1) Financial assets measured at fair value through profit or loss  
- 
- 
2) Financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income  
16,608 
79,891 
3) Financial assets measured at amortised cost  
169,665 
454,343 
4) Property, equipment and investment property  
- 
- 
of which: property, equipment and investment property that constitute inventories  
- 
-

--- Page 473 ---
2023 Report and financial statements | 2023 Financial statements | Statement of cash flows 
10286974115-v8 
471 
47-41075393 
 
4. Management and dealing on behalf of third parties 
  
Type of service 
Amount 
1. Execution of orders on behalf of customers 
1,832,632 
a) Purchases 
1,832,632 
 
1. settled 
1,831,174 
 
2. unsettled 
1,458 
b) Sales  
- 
 
1. settled  
- 
 
2. unsettled  
- 
2. Individual portfolio management  
146,109 
3. Custody and administration of securities  
9,130,721 
a) third-party securities held on deposit: when acting as 
custodian bank (excluding portfolio management)  
- 
 
 
1. securities issued by the reporting bank  
- 
 
2. other securities  
- 
b) third-party securities held on deposit (excluding portfolio 
management): other  
7,960,460 
 
1. securities issued by the reporting bank  
909,894 
 
2. other securities  
7,050,566 
c) third-party securities deposited with third parties  
7,692,408 
d) treasury securities deposited with third parties  
1,170,261 
4. Other transactions

--- Page 474 ---
2023 Report and financial statements | 2023 Financial statements | Statement of cash flows 
10286974115-v8 
472 
47-41075393 
 
Part C – Information on the income statement  
 
Section 1 - Interest - Items 10 and 20  
 
1.1 Interest and similar income: breakdown 
  
Items/Technical forms 
Debt 
securities 
Loans 
Other 
transactions 
Total 
31/12/2022 
Total 
31/12/2021 
1. Financial assets measured at fair value through 
profit or loss  
13 
- 
- 
13 
15 
1.1 Financial assets held for trading  
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
1.2 Financial assets designated at fair value  
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
1.3 Other financial assets mandatorily designated at 
fair value  
13 
- 
- 
13 
15 
2 Financial assets measured at fair value through 
other comprehensive income  
5,785 
- 
X 
5,785 
2,424 
3 Financial assets measured at amortised cost  
19,721 
146,126 
- 
165,847 
54,816 
3.1 Due from banks  
1,136 
60,915 
X 
62,051 
6,757 
3.2 Loans to customers  
18,585 
85,211 
X 
103,796 
48,059 
4 Hedging derivatives 
X 
X 
- 
- 
- 
5 Other assets 
X 
X 
22 
22 
51 
6 Financial liabilities 
X 
X 
X 
- 
16,320 
Total 
25,519 
146,126 
22 
171,668 
73,626 
of which: interest on impaired financial assets 
- 
5,216 
- 
5,216 
1,712 
of which: interest on finance leases 
X 
18,128 
X 
18,128 
9,228

--- Page 475 ---
2023 Report and financial statements | 2023 Financial statements | Statement of cash flows 
10286974115-v8 
473 
47-41075393 
 
1.2 Interest and similar income: other information  
1.2.1 Interest income on foreign currency financial assets 
Description 
31/12/2023 
31/12/2022 
Interest on foreign currency financial assets 
151 
75

--- Page 476 ---
2023 Report and financial statements | 2023 Financial statements | Statement of cash flows 
10286974115-v8 
474 
47-41075393 
 
1.3 Interest and similar expense: breakdown 
  
Items/Technical forms 
Payables 
Securities 
Other 
transactions 
Total 
31/12/2023 
Total 
31/12/2022 
1. 
Financial 
liabilities 
measured 
at 
amortised cost 
86,753 
19,461 
X 
106,214 
22,686 
1.1 Due to central banks 
- 
X 
X 
- 
- 
1.2 Due to banks 
71,771 
X 
X 
71,771 
11,347 
1.3 Due to customers 
14,982 
X 
X 
14,982 
1,714 
1.4 Securities issued 
X 
19,461 
X 
19,461 
9,624 
2. Financial liabilities held for trading 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
3. Financial liabilities designated at fair 
value 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
4. Other liabilities and provisions 
X 
X 
- 
- 
- 
5. Hedging derivatives 
X 
X 
395 
395 
324 
6. Financial assets 
X 
X 
X 
173 
909 
Total 
86,753 
19,461 
395 
106,781 
23,919 
of which: interest expense related to lease 
payables 
13 
X 
X 
- 
-

--- Page 477 ---
2023 Report and financial statements | 2023 Financial statements | Statement of cash flows 
10286974115-v8 
475 
47-41075393 
 
1.4 Interest and similar expense: other information  
1.4.1 Interest expense on foreign currency liabilities 
  
Description 
31/12/2023 
31/12/2022 
Interest on foreign currency financial liabilities 
1 
1

--- Page 478 ---
2023 Report and financial statements | 2023 Financial statements | Statement of cash flows 
10286974115-v8 
476 
47-41075393 
 
1.5 Interest and similar expense: differences relating to hedging transactions 
  
Item/Amounts 
Total 31/12/2023 
Total 31/12/2022 
A. Gains on hedging transactions  
- 
- 
B. Losses on hedging transactions  
395 
324 
C. Balance (A-B) 
(395) 
(324)

--- Page 479 ---
2023 Report and financial statements | 2023 Financial statements | Statement of cash flows 
10286974115-v8 
477 
47-41075393 
 
Section 2 - Fees and commissions - Items 40 and 50  
2.1 Fee and commission income: breakdown  
Type of services/Amounts 
31/12/2023 
31/12/2022 
a) Financial instruments  
8,855 
8,729 
1. Placement of securities  
8,155 
8,084 
1.1 With and/or based on firm commitment  
- 
- 
1.2 Without firm commitment 
8,155 
8,084 
2. Order acceptance and transmission and execution of orders on behalf of customers 
632 
599 
2.1 Order acceptance and transmission of one or more financial instruments  
632 
599 
2.2. Execution of orders on behalf of customers  
- 
- 
3. Other commissions related to financial instrument activities  
68 
46 
di cui: dealing for own account  
68 
46 
b) Corporate Finance  
- 
- 
1. Advice on mergers and acquisitions  
- 
- 
2. Treasury services  
- 
- 
3. Other commissions related to corporate finance services  
- 
- 
Consulting services on investments  
- 
- 
d) Clearing and settlement  
- 
- 
e) Custody and administration  
13,344 
12,456 
1. Custodian bank  
998 
1,075 
2. Other commissions related to custody and administration activities  
12,346 
11,380 
f) Central administrative services for collective portfolio management  
242 
1,446 
g) Fiduciary services  
- 
- 
h) Payment services  
20,402 
20,306 
1. Current accounts  
3,326 
3,257 
2. Credit cards  
6,808 
271 
3. Debit cards and other payment cards  
3,070 
3,218 
4. Bank transfers and other payment orders  
376 
501 
5. Other commissions related to payment services  
6,821 
13,059 
Distribution of third-party services  
377 
411 
1. Collective portfolio management  
- 
- 
2. Insurance products  
123 
156 
3. Other products  
254 
255 
of which: individual portfolio management  
- 
- 
j) Structured Finance  
- 
- 
k) Servicing for securitisation transactions  
- 
- 
l) Commitments to disburse funds  
- 
- 
m) Financial guarantees given  
2,189 
2,150 
of which: credit derivatives  
- 
- 
n) Funding transactions  
- 
- 
of which: factoring transactions  
- 
- 
o) Currency trading 
- 
- 
p) Commodities 
- 
- 
q) Other fee and commission income 
2,106 
2,875 
of which: management of multilateral trading facilities  
- 
- 
of which: management of organised trading facilities  
- 
- 
Total 
47,514 
48,372 
 
As from 1 January 2014, the bank took over ownership of the Raiffeisen Open Pension Fund. This 
activity generated contributions and administrative fee and commission income totalling € 12,806.

--- Page 480 ---
2023 Report and financial statements | 2023 Financial statements | Statement of cash flows 
10286974115-v8 
478 
47-41075393 
 
 
2.2 Fee and commission income: distribution channels of products and services  
 
Channels/Amounts 
31/12/2023 
31/12/2022 
a) at Bank branches:  
8,531 
8,495 
 
1. portfolio management  
- 
- 
 
2. placement of securities  
8,155 
8,084 
 
3. third party products and services  
377 
411 
b) outside bank branches:  
- 
- 
 
1. portfolio management  
- 
- 
 
2. placement of securities  
- 
- 
 
3. third party products and services  
- 
- 
c) other distribution channels:  
- 
- 
 
1. portfolio management  
- 
- 
 
2. placement of securities  
- 
- 
 
3. third party products and services  
- 
-

--- Page 481 ---
2023 Report and financial statements | 2023 Financial statements | Statement of cash flows 
10286974115-v8 
479 
47-41075393 
 
2.3 Fee and commission expense: breakdown 
  
Type of Services/Amounts 
31/12/2023 
31/12/2022 
a) Financial instruments  
2,093 
2,663 
 
of which: trading of financial instruments  
50 
37 
 
of which: placement of financial instruments 
207 
140 
 
of which: individual portfolio management 
1,836 
2,487 
 
-Own account  
- 
- 
 
-For third parties  
1,836 
2,487 
b) Clearing and settlement  
559 
591 
c) Custody and administration  
786 
744 
d) Collection and payment services  
9,529 
9,099 
 
of which: credit cards, debit cards and other payment cards  
9,200 
8,810 
e) Servicing for securitisation transactions  
- 
- 
f) Commitments to disburse funds  
- 
- 
g) Financial guarantees received  
174 
173 
 
of which: credit derivatives  
- 
- 
h) off-premises provision of financial instruments, products and 
services  
14,181 
13,613 
i) Currency trading  
- 
- 
j) Fee and commission expense 
999 
1,027 
Total 
28,323 
27,911

--- Page 482 ---
2023 Report and financial statements | 2023 Financial statements | Statement of cash flows 
10286974115-v8 
480 
47-41075393 
 
Section 3 - Dividends and similar income - Item 70  
 
3.1 Dividends and similar income: breakdown 
  
Items/Income 
31/12/2023 
31/12/2022 
dividends 
similar income 
dividends 
similar income 
A. 
financial assets held for trading 
189 
- 
156 
- 
B. 
Other 
financial 
assets 
mandatorily 
measured at fair value 
- 
- 
- 
- 
C. 
Financial assets measured at fair value 
through other comprehensive income 
1,181 
297 
1,259 
173 
D. 
Equity investments 
 
- 
 
- 
Total 
1,370 
297 
1,415 
173 
 
These are dividends received from equity investments in various companies, which are recognised in 
the financial statements as financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive 
income. The most significant amounts concern dividends collected from the equity investment in the 
Bank of Italy.

--- Page 483 ---
2023 Report and financial statements | 2023 Financial statements | Statement of cash flows 
10286974115-v8 
481 
47-41075393 
 
Section 4 - Profits (losses) on trading - Item 80  
4.1 Profits (Losses) on trading: breakdown 
Transactions/Income components 
Gains (A) 
Trading 
income 
(B) 
Losses 
(C) 
Trading 
losses 
(D) 
Profits 
(Losses) on 
trading 
[(A+B)-
(C+D)] 
1. Financial assets held for trading 
1,981 
2,533 
383 
- 
4,131 
 
1.1 Debt securities 
- 
- 
1 
- 
(1) 
 
1.2 Equity instruments 
40 
1,900 
375 
- 
3,177 
 
1.3 Quotas of OEIC 
1,941 
- 
- 
- 
1,941 
 
1.4 Loans 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
 
1.5 Other 
- 
633 
7 
- 
626 
2. Financial liabilities held for trading 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
 
2.1 Debt securities 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
 
2.2 Payables 
- 
- 
- 
- 
 
 
2.3 Other 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
3. Financial assets and liabilities: exchange rate 
differences 
X 
X 
X 
X 
- 
4. Derivative instruments 
2,658 
839 
1,536 
2,025 
(14) 
 
4.1 Financial derivatives: 
2,658 
839 
1,536 
2,025 
(14) 
 
-On debt securities and interest rates 
2,658 
839 
1,536 
2,025 
(64) 
 
-On equity instruments and share indices  
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
 
-On currencies and gold 
X 
X 
X 
X 
50 
 
-Other 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
 
4.2 Credit derivatives 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
of which: natural hedges associated with fair value option 
X 
X 
X 
X 
- 
Total 
4,639 
3,372 
1,919 
2,025 
4,117

--- Page 484 ---
2023 Report and financial statements | 2023 Financial statements | Statement of cash flows 
10286974115-v8 
482 
47-41075393 
 
Section 5 – Fair value adjustments in hedge accounting – Item 90  
 
5.1 Fair value adjustments in hedge accounting: breakdown 
  
Income components/Amounts 
31/12/2023 
31/12/2022 
A. Gains on: 
 
 
A.1 Fair value hedging derivatives 
5,658 
2,493 
A.2 Financial assets with fair value hedges  
- 
- 
A.3 Financial liabilities with fair value hedges  
- 
- 
A.4 Financial derivatives for cash flow hedges  
- 
- 
A.5 Foreign currency assets and liabilities 
- 
- 
Total gains from hedging activities (A)  
5,658 
2,493 
B. Losses on: 
 
 
B.1 Losses on: 
(5,646) 
(2,214) 
B.2 Financial assets with fair value hedges 
- 
- 
B.3 Financial liabilities with fair value hedges 
- 
- 
B.4 Financial derivatives for cash flow hedges 
- 
- 
B.5 Foreign currency assets and liabilities 
- 
- 
Total losses from hedging activities (B) 
(5,646) 
(2,214) 
C. Fair value adjustments in hedge accounting (A-B) 
12 
279 
of which: result of hedges on net positions 
 
 
 
The bank hedges against interest rate risk on a number of large credit lines and on bonds issued.

--- Page 485 ---
2023 Report and financial statements | 2023 Financial statements | Statement of cash flows 
10286974115-v8 
483 
47-41075393 
 
Section 6 - Profits (losses) on disposal or repurchase - Item 100  
 
6.1 Profits (losses) on disposal or repurchase: breakdown 
  
Items/Income components 
31/12/2023 
31/12/2022 
Profits 
Losses 
Net result 
Profits 
Losses 
Net result 
A. Financial assets  
 
 
 
 
 
 
1. Financial assets measured at amortised 
cost 
1,252 
- 
1,252 
5,129 
- 
5,129 
 
1.1 Due from banks 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
 
1.2 Loans to customers 
1,252 
- 
1,252 
5,129 
- 
5,129 
2. Financial assets measured at fair value 
through other comprehensive income 
4,468 
(10,771) 
(6,303) 
10,649 
- 
10,649 
 
2.1 Debt securities 
4,468 
(10,771) 
(6,303) 
10,649 
- 
10,649 
 
2.2 Loans 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Total assets 
5,720 
(10,771) 
(5,051) 
15,778 
- 
15,778 
B. 
Financial 
liabilities 
measured 
at 
amortised cost  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
1. Due to banks 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
 
2. Due to customers 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
 
3. Securities issued 
34 
(0) 
34 
31 
(4) 
27 
Total liabilities 
34 
(0) 
34 
31 
(4) 
27

--- Page 486 ---
2023 Report and financial statements | 2023 Financial statements | Statement of cash flows 
10286974115-v8 
484 
47-41075393 
 
7.2 Net change in value of other financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value through 
profit or loss: breakdown of other financial assets and liabilities mandatorily measured at fair 
value 
  
Transactions/Income components 
31/12/2023 
Gains (A) 
Gains on sales (B) 
Capital losses (C) 
Losses on sales (D) 
Profits (Losses) on trading (A+B) - (C+D) 
1. Financial assets 
10,278 
70 
(229) 
- 
10,119 
1.1 Debt securities 
6 
70 
(80) 
- 
(3) 
1.2 Equity instruments  
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
1.3 OEIC instruments 
10,268 
- 
(149) 
- 
10,119 
1.4 Loans  
3 
- 
- 
- 
3 
2. Financial assets and liabilities: exchange rate 
differences 
X 
X 
X 
X 
- 
Total 
10,278 
70 
(229) 
- 
10,119

--- Page 487 ---
2023 Report and financial statements | 2023 Financial statements | Statement of cash flows 
10286974115-v8 
485 
47-41075393 
 
Section 8– – –Net (losses)/recoveries for credit risk – Item 130  
 
8.1 Net (losses)/recoveries for credit risk associated with financial assets measured at 
amortised cost: breakdown 
  
Transactions/Income 
components 
Impairment losses (1) 
Recoveries (2) 
Total 
31/12/2023 
(3) = (1)-(2) 
Total 
31/12/2022 
(3) = (1)-
(2) 
Stage 
1 and 
2 
Stage 3 
Purchased or 
originated 
credit-impaired 
Stage 
1 and 
2 
Stage 
3 
Purchased 
or 
originated 
credit-
impaired 
Write-off 
Other 
Write-off 
Other 
A. Due from banks 
247 
- 
- 
- 
- 
1,236 
- 
- 
992 
1,486 
-Loans 
246 
- 
- 
- 
- 
1,236 
- 
- 
990 
1,490 
-Debt securities 
1 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
2 
(5) 
B. 
Loans 
to 
customers 
8,644 
- 
18,585 
- 
3,441 
11,126 
6,897 
179 
(12,468) 
(15,043) 
-Loans 
8,577 
- 
18,585 
- 
3,441 
10,976 
- 
179 
(12,551) 
(15,410) 
-Debt securities 
67 
- 
- 
- 
- 
151 
6,897 
- 
84 
367 
Total 
8,892 
- 
18,585 
- 
3,441 
12,362 
6,897 
179 
(11,475) 
(13,557)

--- Page 488 ---
2023 Report and financial statements | 2023 Financial statements | Statement of cash flows 
10286974115-v8 
486 
47-41075393 
 
8.2 Net (losses)/recoveries for credit risk associated with financial assets measured at fair 
value through other comprehensive income: breakdown  
 
Transactions/Income 
components 
Impairment losses (1) 
Recoveries (2) 
Total 
31/12/2023 
(3) = (1)-
(2) 
Total 
31/12/2022 
(3) = (1)-
(2) 
Stage 
1 and 
2 
Stage 3 
Purchased 
or 
originated 
credit-
impaired 
Stage 
1 and 
2 
Stage 
3 
Purchased 
or 
originated 
credit-
impaired 
Write-off 
Other 
Write-off 
Other 
A. Debt securities 
21 
- 
- 
- 
- 
45 
- 
- 
25 
118 
B Loans 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- with customers 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- with banks 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Total 
21 
- 
- 
- 
- 
45 
- 
- 
25 
118

--- Page 489 ---
2023 Report and financial statements | 2023 Financial statements | Statement of cash flows 
10286974115-v8 
487 
47-41075393 
 
Section 9 – Profits (losses) on changes in contracts without derecognition – Item 140 
 
9.1  Profits (losses) on changes in contracts: breakdown  
 
Description 
Impairment losses 
Recoveries 
Total 2023 
Total 2022 
Loans to customers 
24 
- 
(24) 
(1)

--- Page 490 ---
2023 Report and financial statements | 2023 Financial statements | Statement of cash flows 
10286974115-v8 
488 
47-41075393 
 
Section 10 - Administrative expenses - Item 160  
 
10.1 Personnel expenses: breakdown 
  
Type of expense/Amounts 
31/12/2023 
31/12/2022 
1) Employees  
23,637 
21,554 
 
a) wages and salaries  
16,868 
15,340 
 
b) social security charges  
4,396 
4,109 
 
c) employee termination indemnities  
1,048 
853 
 
d) pension expenses  
- 
- 
 
e) accrual for employee termination indemnities  
- 
- 
 
f) accrual for pension and similar obligations:  
- 
- 
 
-defined contribution  
- 
- 
 
-defined benefit  
- 
- 
 
g) payments to external supplementary pension funds:  
904 
908 
 
-defined contribution  
904 
908 
 
-defined benefit  
- 
- 
 
h) costs deriving from payment agreements on own equity instruments share-
based payment agreements  
- 
- 
 
i) other employee benefits  
290 
213 
2) Other personnel in service  
3 
10 
3) Directors and statutory auditors  
795 
768 
4) Retired personnel  
- 
- 
5) Cost recoveries for employees seconded to other companies  
- 
- 
6) Cost reimbursement for third party employees seconded to the bank  
- 
- 
Total 
24.435 
22,331

--- Page 491 ---
2023 Report and financial statements | 2023 Financial statements | Statement of cash flows 
10286974115-v8 
489 
47-41075393 
 
10.2 Average number of employees by category  
Employees:  
 
 
a) executives 
7 
 
b) middle managers 
85 
 
c) other employees 
127 
Other personnel 
2 
 
Part-time employees were conventionally considered to be 50%.  
10.5 Other administrative expenses: breakdown  
Description 
31/12/2023 
31/12/2022 
-indirect taxes and duties 
1,458 
1,705 
-fees to professionals 
3 
3 
-insurance companies 
148 
138 
-rental of machines and equipment 
51 
108 
-maintenance costs of own properties 
199 
141 
-property, plant and machinery maintenance contracts 
102 
114 
-postal expenses 
101 
119 
-phone costs 
34 
32 
-EDP, SWIFT and REUTERS expenses 
8,005 
6,791 
-electricity and cleaning costs 
336 
409 
-office supplies and printed matter 
52 
44 
-travel, advertising and entertainment expenses 
487 
422 
-contributions and donations 
876 
688 
-contributions to the IPS underwriting syndicate 
4,175 
3,207 
-contributions to the National Resolution Fund and voluntary contributions for the 
recovery of BCCs 
3,154 
3,879 
-sundry expenses for treasury services 
10 
11 
-expenses for books, magazines and information 
9 
8 
-expenses for publications and translations 
156 
162 
-legal costs 
1,919 
1,026 
-expenses for auditing the financial statements 
244 
248 
-other administrative expenses 
1,772 
1,832 
Total 
23,290 
21,086 
 
The increase in other administrative expenses is due to the contribution and operating expenses paid 
to the Institutional Protection Scheme in the amount of € 4,175 and the payment of ordinary and 
extraordinary contributions to the Depositors' Guarantee Fund and the National Resolution Fund of € 
2,625.

--- Page 492 ---
2023 Report and financial statements | 2023 Financial statements | Statement of cash flows 
10286974115-v8 
490 
47-41075393 
 
Detailed information on Table 10.5: Other administrative expenses  
 
Services assigned to the Independent auditors  
 
In accordance with the resolution of the General Shareholders' Meeting of 18 May 2020, Cassa 
Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige appointed EY S.p.A. to audit the annual financial statements 
envisaged by the regulations in force. As from 1 May 2021, EY S.p.A. effectively took over this task. 
In 2023, independent auditors Ernst & Young Spa received fees for the carrying out of the following 
services:  
 
Type of services 
Party that provided the service 
Amount of fee 
External audit  
EY S.p.A. 
123 
Certification services  
EY S.p.A. 
115 
 
Certification reports for TLTRO operations were provided as part of the services carried out.  
Other certifications concerned the issue of bonds and third-party securities and instruments under 
management.

--- Page 493 ---
2023 Report and financial statements | 2023 Financial statements | Statement of cash flows 
10286974115-v8 
491 
47-41075393 
 
Section 11 – Net provisions for risks and charges – Item 170  
 
11.1 Net provisions for credit risk relating to commitments to disburse funds and financial 
guarantees given: breakdown  
 
Description 
31/12/2023 
31/12/2022 
1) Provisions for risks on endorsement credits and 
commitments to disburse funds 
4,378 
2,049 
2) Recoveries of provisions from previous years 
1,974 
1,358 
Total 
(2,405) 
(691)

--- Page 494 ---
2023 Report and financial statements | 2023 Financial statements | Statement of cash flows 
10286974115-v8 
492 
47-41075393 
 
11.3 Net provisions for risks and charges: breakdown  
 
Description 
31/12/2023 
31/12/2022 
1) Accruals to other provisions for risks and 
charges 
 
 
 
a) legal disputes  
16 
145 
 
b) other  
- 
- 
2) Recoveries of provisions from previous years 
 
 
 
a) legal disputes  
- 
13 
 
b) other  
- 
- 
Total 
(16) 
(132)

--- Page 495 ---
2023 Report and financial statements | 2023 Financial statements | Statement of cash flows 
10286974115-v8 
493 
47-41075393 
 
Section 12 – Net adjustments to / recoveries on property and equipment – Item 180 
 
12.1 Net adjustments to / recoveries on property and equipment: breakdown 
  
Assets/Income component 
Depreciation 
(a) 
Impairment 
losses (b) 
Recoveries 
(c) 
Net result  
(a + b - c) 
A. Property, equipment and investment 
property  
 
 
 
 
1. Used in the business  
2,392 
- 
- 
2,392 
 
- property and equipment owned  
1,025 
- 
- 
1,025 
 
- rights of use acquired through the 
lease  
1,367 
- 
- 
1,367 
2. Investment property  
- 
- 
- 
- 
 
- property and equipment owned  
- 
- 
- 
- 
 
- rights of use acquired through the 
lease  
- 
- 
- 
- 
3. Inventories  
- 
- 
- 
- 
Total 
2,392 
- 
- 
2,392

--- Page 496 ---
2023 Report and financial statements | 2023 Financial statements | Statement of cash flows 
10286974115-v8 
494 
47-41075393 
 
Section 13 - Net adjustments to / recoveries on intangible assets – Item 190 
 
13.1Net adjustments to / recoveries on intangible assets: breakdown 
  
Assets/Income component 
Amortisation 
(a) 
Impairment 
losses (b) 
Recoveries 
(c) 
Net result 
 (a + b - c) 
A. Intangible assets  
 
 
 
 
 
of which: Software  
56 
- 
- 
56 
A.1 owned  
56 
- 
- 
56 
 
-Generated internally  
56 
- 
- 
56 
 
- Other  
- 
- 
- 
- 
A.2 Rights of use acquired through the 
lease  
- 
- 
- 
- 
Total 
56 
- 
- 
56

--- Page 497 ---
2023 Report and financial statements | 2023 Financial statements | Statement of cash flows 
10286974115-v8 
495 
47-41075393 
 
Section 14 - Other operating expenses (income) – Item 200   
 
14.1 Other operating expenses: breakdown 
  
Description 
31/12/2023 
31/12/2022 
extraordinary expense 
35 
115 
other expenses  
- 
- 
Total 
35 
115 
 
Extraordinary expense is attributable to operational errors.  
 
 
14.2 Other operating income: breakdown 
  
Description 
31/12/2023 
31/12/2022 
repayment of indirect taxes 
1,311 
1,551 
reimbursement of expenses 
1,973 
2,470 
extraordinary income 
168 
58 
other revenues 
5,875 
5,236 
Total 
9,327 
9,314 
 
Other operating income includes revenues from various consulting services offered to the Raiffeisen 
banks of € 5,206.

--- Page 498 ---
2023 Report and financial statements | 2023 Financial statements | Statement of cash flows 
10286974115-v8 
496 
47-41075393 
 
Section 15 - Profits (Losses) on equity investments - Item 220  
 
15.1 Profits (Losses) on equity investments: breakdown 
  
Income component/Amounts 
31/12/2023 
31/12/2022 
A. Income  
706 
650 
 
1. Revaluations  
706 
650 
 
2. Gains on sale  
- 
- 
 
3. Reversals of impairment losses  
- 
- 
 
4. Other income  
- 
- 
B. Expense  
4,056 
10,178 
 
1. Impairment  
4,056 
10,178 
 
2. Impairment losses  
- 
- 
 
3. Losses on sale  
- 
- 
 
4. Other expenses  
- 
- 
Net result 
(3,359) 
(9,528) 
 
Impairment and revaluations of equity investments are made based on the measurement using the 
equity method of the investee companies and, if necessary, on the results of impairment tests.

--- Page 499 ---
2023 Report and financial statements | 2023 Financial statements | Statement of cash flows 
10286974115-v8 
497 
47-41075393 
 
Section 17 - Goodwill impairment – Item 240  
 
17.1 Goodwill impairment: breakdown 
  
Description 
31/12/2023 
31/12/2022 
A. impairment 
- 
117 
B. Recoveries 
- 
- 
Total 
- 
(117)

--- Page 500 ---
2023 Report and financial statements | 2023 Financial statements | Statement of cash flows 
10286974115-v8 
498 
47-41075393 
 
 
Section 18 - Profits (Losses) on disposal of investments - Item 250  
 
18.1 Profits (Losses) on disposal of investments: breakdown 
  
Income component/Amounts 
31/12/2023 
31/12/2022 
A. Property  
- 
- 
 
-Gains on sale  
- 
- 
 
-Losses on sale  
- 
- 
B. Other assets  
- 
(6) 
 
-Gains on sale  
- 
- 
 
-Losses on sale  
- 
6 
Net result 
- 
(6)

--- Page 501 ---
2023 Report and financial statements | 2023 Financial statements | Statement of cash flows 
10286974115-v8 
499 
47-41075393 
 
Section 19 – Taxes on income from continuing operations – Item 270  
 
19.1 Taxes on income from continuing operations: breakdown 
  
Income component/Amounts 
31/12/2023 
31/12/2022 
1. Current taxes (-)  
(11,176) 
(7,686) 
2. Changes in current taxes of prior years (+/-)  
(38) 
108 
3. Reduction in current taxes for the year (+)  
- 
- 
3. bis Reduction in current taxes for the year for credit 
taxes as per Italian Law no. 214/2011 (+)  
- 
- 
4. Change in deferred tax assets (+/-)  
(306) 
(828) 
5. Change in deferred tax liabilities (+/-)  
- 
- 
6. Taxes on income for the year (-) (-1 +/-2 +3 +/-4 +/-
5)  
(11,520) 
(8,406) 
 
19.2 Reconciliation between theoretical tax expense and actual tax expense  
IRES  
Description 
Gross profit 
Tax 
Percentage 
of profit 
Theoretical tax 
36,842 
10,132 
27.50% 
Actual tax 
34,909 
9,600 
26.06% 
Changes subject to reconciliation 
(1,933) 
(532) 
 
 
 
Taxable 
income 
% 
Tax 
IMU and other non-deductible taxes  
31 
27.50% 
8 
Non-deductible provisions  
(571) 
27.50% 
(157) 
Impairment of non-deductible equity investments 
4,065 
27.50% 
1,118 
Dividends from equity investments (excluding 95% 
share)  
(250) 
27.50% 
(69) 
IRAP deduction for personnel costs Italian Ministerial 
Decree 2011/11 art. 2  
(119) 
27.50% 
(33) 
ACE deductions  
(3,623) 
27.50% 
(996) 
Revaluations of non-deductible equity investments  
(706) 
27.50% 
(194) 
Other changes  
(759) 
27.50% 
(209) 
Changes subject to reconciliation 
(1,933) 
 
(532)

--- Page 502 ---
2023 Report and financial statements | 2023 Financial statements | Statement of cash flows 
10286974115-v8 
500 
47-41075393 
 
19.3 Reconciliation between theoretical tax expense and actual tax expense  
IRAP  
Description 
Gross profit 
Tax 
Percentage 
of profit 
Theoretical tax 
36,842 
1,713 
4.65%  
Actual tax 
33,892 
1,576 
4.28% 
Changes subject to reconciliation 
(2,950) 
(136) 
 
 
 
 
Taxable income 
% 
Tax 
50% Dividends  
939 
4.65% 
44 
10% amortisation  
1,644 
4.65% 
76 
10% Other administrative expenses  
4,296 
4.65% 
200 
Other revenues  
6,999 
4.65% 
325 
Other changes  
(16,829) 
4.65% 
(783) 
Changes subject to reconciliation 
(2,950) 
 
(136) 
 
Pursuant to Article 2 of Italian Law no. 44/2012, Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige, together 
with Cassa Centrale Banca Credito Cooperativo, benefits from the tax transparency regulations 
envisaged by Article 115 of the Business Income Act with regard to the taxable income of the investee 
company CRR FIN SpA. Accordingly, the taxable income and tax credits of the investee are taken 
into account in the tax returns of the participating companies. For 2023, a loss of € 562 was included 
in the calculation of Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige taxes.

--- Page 503 ---
2023 Report and financial statements | 2023 Financial statements | Statement of cash flows 
10286974115-v8 
501 
47-41075393 
 
Section 21 – Other information  
 
 
21.2 Other information  
The number of shares amounted to 250,000,000 as at 31 December 2023. Earnings per share, 
calculated on the simple average of the ordinary shares outstanding as at 31 December 2022, were 
3.20 eurocent. In the 2022 financial year, these earnings amounted to 4.76 eurocent per share.

--- Page 504 ---
2023 Report and financial statements | 2023 Financial statements | Statement of cash flows 
10286974115-v8 
502 
47-41075393 
 
Part D - Statement of comprehensive income  
 
Analytical statement of comprehensive income  
 
Items 
31/12/2023 
31/12/2022 
10. 
Net income (loss) for the year 
25,322 
11,904 
 
Other comprehensive income net of income taxes without reclassification 
to income statement related to:  
- 
- 
20. 
Equity instruments designated at fair value through other comprehensive 
income  
883 
(4,085) 
 
a) Fair value change  
883 
(4,085) 
 
b) Transfers to other components of shareholders' equity 
- 
- 
30. 
Financial liabilities designated at fair value through profit or loss (change 
in Bank's creditworthiness)  
- 
- 
 
a) Fair value change  
- 
- 
 
b) Transfers to other components of shareholders' equity 
- 
- 
40. 
Coverage of equity instruments at fair value through other comprehensive 
income  
- 
- 
 
a) fair value change (hedged instrument)  
- 
- 
 
b) fair value change (hedging instrument)  
- 
- 
 
Property, equipment and investment property 
- 
- 
60. 
Intangible assets 
- 
- 
70. 
Defined benefit plans 
(42) 
306 
80. 
Non-current assets held for sale and disposal groups 
- 
- 
90. 
Portion of valuation reserves of equity-accounted investments 
- 
885 
100. 
Income taxes relating to other comprehensive income without 
reclassification to the income statement 
(270) 
930 
 
Other comprehensive income with reclassification to the income 
statement:  
- 
- 
110. 
Hedging of foreign investments 
- 
- 
 
a) fair value changes  
- 
- 
 
b) reclassification to the income statement  
- 
- 
 
c) other changes  
- 
- 
120. 
Exchange rate differences  
- 
- 
 
a) fair value changes  
- 
- 
 
b) reclassification to the income statement  
- 
- 
 
c) other changes  
- 
- 
130. 
Cash flow hedges  
- 
- 
 
a) fair value changes  
- 
- 
 
b) reclassification to the income statement  
- 
- 
 
c) other changes  
- 
- 
 
of which: result of net positions  
- 
- 
140. 
Hedging instruments (elements not designated)  
- 
- 
 
a) fair value changes  
- 
- 
 
b) reclassification to the income statement  
- 
- 
 
c) other changes  
- 
- 
150. 
Financial assets (other than equity instruments) measured at fair value 
through other comprehensive income  
21,016 
(38,061) 
 
a) fair value changes  
22,417 
(33,084) 
 
b) reclassification to the income statement  
(1,402) 
(4,977) 
 
- impairment due to credit risk  
(1,252) 
(5,129) 
 
- gains (losses) on sales  
(149) 
152 
 
c) other changes  
- 
- 
160. 
Non-current assets held for sale and disposal groups:  
- 
- 
 
a) fair value changes  
- 
- 
 
b) reclassification to the income statement  
- 
- 
 
c) other changes  
- 
- 
170. 
Portion of valuation reserves of equity-accounted investments  
- 
- 
 
a) fair value changes  
- 
- 
 
b) reclassification to the income statement  
- 
- 
 
- impairment losses  
- 
- 
 
- gains (losses) on sales  
- 
- 
 
c) other changes  
- 
- 
180. 
Income taxes relating to other comprehensive income with reclassification 
to the income statement 
- 
- 
190. 
Total other comprehensive income 
21,587 
(40,024) 
200. 
Comprehensive income (10+190) 
46,908 
(28,120)

--- Page 505 ---
2023 Report and financial statements | 2023 Financial statements | Statement of cash flows 
10286974115-v8 
503 
47-41075393 
 
Part E - Information on risks and relative hedging policies  
 
Introduction 
Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige pays special attention to maintaining an effective risk 
management that ensures the constant monitoring and management of risks.  
Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige carries out its business in accordance with the following risk 
management principles, which are set out in the risk management policy:  
­ 
Risks are monitored and taken systematically in order to achieve a sustainable return over time;  
­ 
Risk exposures are continuously adjusted to the bank's risk capacity and risk appetite;  
­ 
Conflicts of interest are avoided or limited as far as possible, both on a personal and 
organisational basis;  
­ 
Risk management standards are based on national and international standards and are 
consistent at least with those of similar banking groups in terms of structure and size;  
­ 
The Bank's risk and risk management policies are based on the going concern principle;  
­ 
The risk thresholds, in particular those set by the supervisory authority, or by the Articles of 
Association, are complied with on an ongoing basis by expecting an adequate safety margin;  
­ 
The bank is primarily active only in those areas for which it has sufficient experience and 
knowledge to assess the underlying risks, or commitments are made solely as a result of the 
development or creation of the corresponding know-how;  
­ 
The bank does not take on financial instruments in its portfolio that are difficult to value;  
­ 
The introduction of new products, services or activities, as well as the entry into new markets, is 
usually preceded - as part of the innovation process - by an adequate analysis of the target 
market and all potential risks. The principle of prudence is applied when risk situations arise that 
are difficult to assess;  
­ 
Possible exceptions or extreme situations are presented in the form of stress scenarios, where 
relevant and appropriate, and the results are taken into account in risk management;  
­ 
For particularly critical business processes, the Bank has contingency plans that can be adopted 
in case of internal or external events of an extraordinary nature that ensure the continuation of 
operations and the continuity of the bank;  
­ 
Appropriate risk management standards are defined for all risks relevant to the Bank, which are 
then set out in internal policies or regulations;  
­ 
The bank's RAF described below is based on the risk management principles listed above.  
The same applies to the internal processes for assessing the adequacy of total capital (ICAAP) 
and liquidity (ILAAP).  
The risk appetite of Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige is defined in the Risk Appetite 
Framework (hereinafter RAF). The RAF is a component of the internal control system and contributes 
to the implementation of the principle of sound and prudent management of the bank. The RAF is 
essentially a system for setting targets and risk limits. For each of the different risk categories, risk 
targets are defined in the RAF in order to manage, control and monitor them. The RAF encompasses 
not only the definition of risk appetite, but also a broad and comprehensive system that regulates 
competencies, processes, interventions and escalations.  
The RAF is based on the bank's business model and is consistent with the bank's business planning, 
organisational structure, maximum risk capacity, the internal capital adequacy and internal liquidity 
assessment process (ICAAP/ILAAP), the recovery plan according to the Bank Recovery and 
Resolution Directive (BRRD) and the system of internal controls.  
In order for the RAF to be an effective risk management tool, it must contain both qualitative 
descriptions of the risk objectives (risk appetite statement) and quantitative prescriptions (thresholds 
or limits) on the defined key indicators.

--- Page 506 ---
2023 Report and financial statements | 2023 Financial statements | Statement of cash flows 
10286974115-v8 
504 
47-41075393 
 
In order to ensure consistency between the business model and planning (strategic and operational), 
the RAF includes risk indicators as well as indicators and requirements relating to the bank's 
profitability, performance and business model.  
As part of the risk governance and management process, the Risk Management function has key 
roles and tasks. However, risk management in general concerns the entire bank, from the corporate 
bodies down to the individual employee.  
The bank's risk management complies with supervisory standards. For each relevant risk, the bank 
prepares an appropriate risk management process divided into the following steps:  
­ 
risk identification (identification of the main risk factors);  
­ 
risk analysis (analysis of all major risks and risk factors, definition of risk indicators and models, 
preparation of internal rules);  
­ 
risk measurement and assessment (quantification, measurement or qualitative assessment of all 
risks);  
­ 
risk monitoring (continuous monitoring of risks and underlying indicators, control of compliance 
with internal and external regulations and standards, identification of risk trends);  
­ 
risk reporting and disclosure (timely reporting, the preparation and dissemination of which 
facilitates decision-making, consideration of possible changes in the current and future context, 
assessment of possible risk impacts and new opportunities, risk awareness, risk culture);  
­ 
risk management and related interventions (implementation of interventions and their 
documentation).  
The RAF, the Internal Capital Adequacy Assessment Process (ICAAP), the Liquidity Adequacy 
Assessment Process (ILAAP) and the Bank's Recovery Plan are key elements in the implementation 
of an effective risk management process.  
Risk management takes place as part of an organisational model that provides for a clear separation 
between control functions and operational structures and pursues the following objectives:  
­ 
ensuring adequate equity and liquidity availability;  
­ 
preventing losses;  
­ 
ensuring correct and complete reporting;  
­ 
continuing to operate in compliance with all internal and external regulations relevant to the bank.  
In accordance with the provisions of corporate governance, the organisational model of Cassa 
Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige defines the main responsibilities of the corporate bodies, also in 
order to protect the effectiveness and efficiency of the entire internal control system:  
­ 
The Board of Directors, which has a strategic supervisory role in accordance with supervisory 
regulations, is responsible for the risk control and management system and - as part of the related 
governance - for the processes of defining, approving, modifying, applying and monitoring the 
strategic objectives and guidelines for risk governance;  
­ 
The General Manager and the Board of Directors, who together form the management body, 
monitor the effective implementation of the strategic objectives, the RAF and the guidelines 
defined by the Board of Directors for risk management. They are also responsible for taking all 
necessary steps to ensure that the organisational model and internal controls comply with the 
principles and requirements set out in the supervisory regulations, and for monitoring compliance 
on an ongoing basis;  
­ 
The Risk Committee provides support and consultancy to the Board of Directors with regard to 
its tasks and competencies in the area of risk management. All matters relevant for risk 
management purposes are submitted to the Risk Committee for detailed consideration prior to 
approval by the Board of Directors.  
­ 
The Board of Statutory Auditors, as the control body, monitors the completeness, adequacy, 
efficiency and reliability of the internal control system and the RAF. The Board of Statutory 
Auditors, as the control body, monitors the completeness, adequacy, efficiency and reliability of 
the internal control system and the RAF.  
Risk management at the Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige concerns all departments and 
business units, which are required to carry out their work with constant care and attention, also based

--- Page 507 ---
2023 Report and financial statements | 2023 Financial statements | Statement of cash flows 
10286974115-v8 
505 
47-41075393 
 
on predefined processes. According to the supervisory provisions, the risk management function is 
part of the internal control system, which is known to be structured on three levels:  
­ 
line or first-level controls, which are the responsibility of the operating units and are designed to 
ensure the smooth running of the bank's activities;  
­ 
second-level controls (Risk Management and Compliance functions) that identify, analyse, 
measure, monitor and manage risks;  
­ 
third-level controls (internal audit function), which are designed to identify the existence of 
anomalies in procedures and to assess the functioning and effectiveness of the overall system 
of internal controls.  
In accordance with current prudential supervisory regulations, the Risk Management and Compliance 
functions report directly to the Board of Directors.  
Similarly, it is envisaged that the General Manager will operationally coordinate the activities of these 
two functions.  
The Internal Audit Service reports directly to the Board of Directors.  
The risk management function is responsible, among other things, for implementing the following 
activities and standards:  
­ 
ensuring ongoing compliance of risk management with supervisory provisions, as well as with 
current standards and internal risk management policies and regulations;  
­ 
developing, maintaining, validating and continuously adapting procedures, methods and 
indicators for assessing and managing the risks falling within its competence;  
­ 
developing stress scenarios and conducting stress tests (possibly with the support of other 
relevant functions); communicating the results of the stress tests to the relevant corporate bodies 
and formulating appropriate proposals for action;  
­ 
making proposals on the content, indicators and requirements of the RAF;  
­ 
ongoing monitoring of the conformity of the actual risk profile of Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen 
dell'Alto Adige with the risk appetite and the defined standards; notifying the bodies and risk 
takers of any overdue and proposing appropriate action;  
­ 
supporting the Board of Directors in the implementation and the carrying-out of ICAAP and ILAAP 
processes; coordinating the different phases of the ICAAP and ILAAP processes; implementing 
activities that fall within the tasks and competences of the Risk Management function;  
­ 
assist the Board of Directors, the General Manager and the rest of the Management in the 
preparation of the recovery plan;  
­ 
checking the proper and adequate implementation of the monitoring and performance control of 
individual credit exposures;  
­ 
prior examination of major corporate events, innovations and outsourced activities.  
The Compliance and Anti-Money Laundering service, which is also independent of operating 
structures such as the risk management department, is responsible for identifying, assessing, 
managing and monitoring risks arising from non-compliance with external and internal regulations that 
could lead to administrative or legal sanctions, financial loss or damage to the Group's reputation. The 
head of this function has also been given responsibility for the anti-money laundering function, with 
the task of continuously verifying that the company's procedures are consistent with the objective of 
preventing and combating violations of external and internal regulations on money laundering and the 
financing of terrorism as far as possible.  
The Internal Audit service is responsible for checking the efficiency and effectiveness of the internal 
control system. The regulations require this activity to be carried out by a structure independent of the 
operating structure, with qualitative and quantitative characteristics appropriate to the complexity of 
the company and its activities.  
The Internal Audit service carries out its activities on the basis of a specific annual control plan, which 
is approved in advance by the Board of Directors after informing the Board of Statutory Auditors. The 
results of the checks carried out by Internal Audit are reported to both the Board of Directors and the 
Board of Statutory Auditors.

--- Page 508 ---
2023 Report and financial statements | 2023 Financial statements | Statement of cash flows 
10286974115-v8 
506 
47-41075393 
 
Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige established an organisational model in accordance with the 
provisions of Italian Legislative Decree no. 231 of 8 June 2001.  
To build an effective risk management system, it is essential to create and promote - in words and 
deeds - a corporate culture that focuses on employee integrity, risk management and adequate 
internal control mechanisms.  
Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige takes concrete measures to develop, maintain and expand 
a sound risk control and compliance culture. Promoting an appropriate risk culture is an evolving 
process that is part of the bank's strategic planning. 
Public Disclosure  
Information on public disclosure and country by country reporting can be found on the website: 
https://www.raiffeisen.it/it/cassa-centrale/siamo-sostenibili/chisiamo/investor-relations/informativa-al-
pubblico.html.

--- Page 509 ---
2023 Report and financial statements | 2023 Financial statements | Statement of cash flows 
10286974115-v8 
507 
47-41075393 
 
SECTION 1 – CREDIT RISK  
Qualitative information  
1. General aspects  
Credit risk: definition  
Credit risk is the present and future risk of adverse consequences arising from the failure of a borrower 
to meet its repayment obligations, either in whole or in part, or at a time other than that contractually 
agreed. The credit risk components are:  
­ 
the risk of a deterioration in creditworthiness (migration risk) resulting from a deterioration in the 
creditworthiness of the counterparty;  
­ 
the risk of delay, i.e. the risk that a counterparty will meet its payment obligations at a time other 
than that contractually agreed;  
­ 
the risk of default, i.e. the risk that a counterparty fails to meet all or part of its payment obligations 
(the risk of default also includes the risk of insolvency).  
The credit risk may arise from adverse developments affecting individual borrowers (idiosyncratic risk, 
also known as specific or non-systemic risk) or from global events and developments affecting all or 
part of the portfolio (systemic risk). Systemic risks can affect the solvency of public borrowers or 
issuers. 
It should be noted that the bank's exposures held in the trading book do not exceed the amount of € 
50 million and/or 5% of the bank's financial statement assets and are therefore included in the 
calculation of capital requirements for credit risk for the purposes of prudential supervisory regulations. 
For the same reason, derivatives that are calculated in counterparty risk according to the original 
exposure method, as well as subject to credit value adjustment (CVA) risk, are also part of the capital 
absorption of credit risk.  
 
Customer segments in the credit system  
The lending practices of the Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige are focused on the segment of 
small and medium-sized enterprises, which often do not fall into the prudential loan class "retail 
exposures, known as retail portfolio"; exposures above € 1 million make up well over 80% of the loans 
and receivables portfolio, while loans and receivables with private customers are limited.  
Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige also acts as a financial partner of local authorities and their 
related structures.  
Credit risk and counterparty risk  
In addition to the credit risk related to traditional lending practices, Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto 
Adige is also exposed to a more limited extent to credit risk arising from securities and counterparty 
risks from derivatives, mainly due to non-speculative securities positions, securities financing 
transactions and OTC derivative positions.  
The securities portfolio is largely composed of Italian and European government securities with very 
limited credit risk, which do not carry any credit risk under the standardised approach of the 
supervisory regulations, but which, if held under the HTCS business model, can have an impact on 
the bank's own funds in the event of fluctuations in their value.  
Counterparty risk arising from non-speculative activities in OTC derivatives and from securities 
financing transactions is low.  
2. Credit risk management policies  
2.1 Organisational aspects  
Organisational structure and brief outline of responsibilities  
The organisational structure in charge of credit risk management corresponds to the standards applied 
by banks of similar size and complexity:  
­ 
the credit area is clearly separated from the sales area;  
­ 
the functions responsible for the credit investigation, monitoring and management phases are 
separate organisational units;

--- Page 510 ---
2023 Report and financial statements | 2023 Financial statements | Statement of cash flows 
10286974115-v8 
508 
47-41075393 
 
­ 
The bank's personnel are competent, qualified, have the necessary know-how to handle even 
complex credit transactions, and are trained on a regular basis;  
­ 
The risk management function analyses and monitors risks both at the level of the entire portfolio 
and of a part of it;  
­ 
the bank established a credit committee that meets regularly once or twice a month.  
The Sales Area is entrusted with customer consultancy and support. This function prepares the credit 
line proposal and also a written opinion on the customer's creditworthiness. Consultants within this 
function must also monitor the volume of business, the occurrence of overdue, the presence of loan 
back instalments, etc. for the customers assigned to them.  
The Credit Area evaluates credit line proposals, carries out periodic credit reviews and also monitors 
credit performance. This function ensures an independent credit assessment process and the support 
of consultants in monitoring credit positions.  
The Credit function is also responsible for preparing loan agreements, monitoring the performance of 
the entire loan portfolio through first level controls, regularly updating ratings and managing 
documentation relating to individual loans. This function is also responsible for monitoring the 
performance of credit transactions with groups of related customers.  
The Risk Management function verifies, as part of its second-level controls, both the proper carrying 
out of credit monitoring and the development of credit risk at the level of the entire portfolio and part 
of it.  
Credit risk is monitored, among other things, on the basis of the following areas of analysis:  
­ 
growth of the loans portfolio and individual segments thereof;  
­ 
credit quality of the portfolio and its changes (based on the assigned rating, allocation stage, 
classification, time, etc.);  
­ 
non-performing loans (amount, portion, coverage rate, recoverability rate etc.);  
­ 
impairment losses (of performing and non-performing loans, according to stages under IFRS 9 
etc.);  
­ 
absorption of internal capital (capital at risk) for credit risk and related changes;  
­ 
expected credit losses and related changes (for the whole or part of the portfolio and for the 
different segments);  
­ 
provision of new loans (solvency, amounts, etc.);  
­ 
special lending (amount and portions, changes, solvency, etc.);  
­ 
loans characterised by overdue and/or past due payments;  
­ 
CRM techniques/provision of guarantees (amount and portions, external estimates, capital 
savings, etc.);  
­ 
concentration (accumulation risk, Herfindahl index, sectoral concentration, geographic 
concentration, by credit line, form of collateral, time bands, etc.);  
­ 
validation and backtesting of the rating model (portion of positions without rating, back revisions, 
overridings, backtesting of the rating model, of the SICR model for the identification of significant 
credit risk increases at the credit line level and of the econometric model);  
­ 
call risk (portion of undrawn credit lines);  
­ 
stress tests (ICAAP/ILAAP, recovery plan, econometric model for calculating lifetime PDs).  
 
A significant component of the second-level controls in the credit area is represented by the quarterly 
meetings between the Credit Area and the risk management function.  
Credit-related standards are set out in various policies and regulations of the credit, risk management 
and accounting areas, in which the following contents are regulated (although the list is not 
exhaustive):  
­ 
strategic objectives;  
­ 
objectives for credit risk management;  
­ 
organisational aspects;  
­ 
operating processes;  
­ 
criteria for classifying risk positions;  
­ 
methods for the monitoring of credit risk performance;  
­ 
methods for managing non-performing loans;  
­ 
criteria for the measurement of credit positions and the calculation of impairment losses;

--- Page 511 ---
2023 Report and financial statements | 2023 Financial statements | Statement of cash flows 
10286974115-v8 
509 
47-41075393 
 
­ 
allocation of decision-making powers in the lending process;  
­ 
accounting methods and standards of performing and non-performing exposures.  
In addition, various procedural and methodological descriptions have been formulated for the credit 
area, which are updated on an ongoing basis.  
2.2 Management, measurement and control systems  
Main steps in the lending process  
The lending process of the Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige varies according to the segment 
of borrowers. Therefore, depending on the segment (retail exposures, loans to businesses or 
specialised lending), there are different lending processes. The data on the loan application 
(requested loan, duration, amount of instalments, amortisation, etc.) are recorded electronically by 
means of a precise credit workflow. In the case of a new transaction, the credit process starts with the 
loan proposal and the documentation to be submitted. The subsequent assessment of the applicant's 
creditworthiness is based on predefined data from external and internal sources. In order to limit the 
financing risk, the Bank also checks whether the potential loan is properly structured, whether the type 
of loan requested is the appropriate financing instrument and, finally, whether the equity ratio for the 
exposure to the customer is appropriate in relation to the amount of the loan requested. As part of the 
decision-making process, the debt servicing ability was calculated, in addition to the standard credit 
assessment process. This calculation makes it possible to check whether the customer will be able to 
meet its financial commitments, i.e. whether the results achieved or expected will enable the debt to 
be repaid.  
A rating is assigned to each borrower and this task is normally the responsibility of the Credit line 
Analysis sector (except for small loans). During the rating process, the borrowers in the loan portfolio 
are divided into subgroups that are as homogeneous as possible and assigned a rating class. A 
fundamental requirement for credit assessment is the determination of solvency, which can also be 
derived from the assigned rating class and the default rate derived from the rating and the type of 
borrower segment. The bank's internal policies provide for the possibility of making manual changes 
to the rating obtained under certain conditions. For this purpose, a special override catalogue was 
defined, which lists the cases in which a manual rating change is allowed. However, the ratings 
assigned can be adjusted up or down by a maximum of two levels.  
The potential risk of credit losses is limited by the acquisition of adequate collateral. As a rule, 
mortgages, personal guarantees, liens, savings books and securities of all kinds serve as collateral.  
These instruments must comply with the requirements for guarantees covering claims set out in the 
internal policies.  
After assessing the borrower's ability to pay, other factors affecting the borrower and the collateral 
securing the loan, it is possible to form an opinion on the borrower's creditworthiness in relation to the 
loan application. The information gathered is then grouped into a standardised assessment file, which 
is used by the managers to decide whether or not to grant the loan. In this context, the system of 
allocation of decision-making powers defined in internal policies applies.  
Other processes  
In addition to the lending process just described, the bank has a number of other procedures for 
analysing creditworthiness, approving, renewing and monitoring loans, etc.  
"Early warning" system  
The activities of the Monitoring and Anomalous Credit Service ensure the continuous and timely 
identification of changes in the solvency of individual borrowers and of significant increases in credit 
risk in accordance with IFRS 9.  
This is an essential prerogative for the timely activation of credit risk management measures within 
the credit process by the relevant corporate functions (e.g. timely enforcement of credit guarantees).  
The early warning system used in the credit area is essential for the activities of the credit monitoring 
function. It is based on a series of indicators, which are linked to specific triggers.  
Non-performing exposures are systematically monitored and analysed, and appropriate action is 
taken, which may include reclassification of the underlying positions. 
As part of the second-level controls, the risk management function ensures, by means of specific 
control statements, that positions identified by the early warning system are promptly managed by the 
Monitoring and Anomalous Credit Service. The risk management function also checks that positions 
identified by the early warning system are correctly classified.  
Disclosure of weightings applied to loans

--- Page 512 ---
2023 Report and financial statements | 2023 Financial statements | Statement of cash flows 
10286974115-v8 
510 
47-41075393 
 
Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige applies the provisions introduced by Regulation (EU) 
2020/876 (known as CRR2) to support SMEs, which provide for a support factor of 76.19% for credit 
exposures up to € 2.5 million and a support factor of 85% for amounts above € 2.5 million.  
With measure no. 1454062/20 of 4 November 2020, the Bank of Italy officially approved the Raiffeisen 
Guarantee Scheme, the first Institutional Protection Scheme (IPS) in Italy. Pursuant to this measure, 
as from 31 December 2020, the members of the Raiffeisen Südtirol IPS Cooperative Society (RIPS) 
can assign a risk weight of zero per cent to loans and receivables with member institutions of the 
Raiffeisen IPS in accordance with Art. 113, paragraph 7 CRR. Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto 
Adige takes advantage of this opportunity.  
Internal provisions and stress tests  
The RAF of the Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige defined a set of indicators and internal 
provisions for the containment and management of credit and concentration risk (loans to customers, 
exposures to banks and securities). Moreover, within the "extended RAF", additional operational 
provisions are set for Level 3 indicators to limit credit risk.  
The development of the above indicators and compliance with the provisions of the RAF are constantly 
monitored by the Credit Area as part of first-level controls and by risk management as part of second-
level controls. The Board of Directors is informed on a quarterly basis of the compliance with the 
established provisions. As part of the risk management's annual report on its activities, credit and 
counterparty risks, together with other risks relevant to the bank, are subject to a specific risk analysis 
carried out by risk management at least once a year.  
Credit risk is subject to specific stress tests as part of the ICAAP/ILAAP processes and the recovery 
plan. For this purpose, the econometric model (satellite model) described above is used to calculate 
lifetime PD in accordance with IFRS 9.  
With regard to point-in-time and forward-looking stress tests, on the concentration risk by single 
counterparty, the relevant simplified model envisaged by the Bank of Italy in Circular no. 285/13 is 
used (plus additional stress factors). On the other hand, the model developed by the Italian Banking 
Association (ABI) (plus additional stress factors) is used for point-in-time and forward-looking stress 
testing, in relation to geo-sector concentration risk.  
2.3 Models for assessing credit risk and expected credit risk  
Models and methods used  
The following models and methods are used to assess the credit risk positions with customers:  
­ 
standardised supervisory method for calculating capital requirements for credit risk;  
­ 
rating model for assessing risk positions vis-à-vis customers;  
­ 
IFRS 9 accounting standard and models used for the purposes of IFRS 9 (e.g. SICR model, Loss 
Given Default (LGD) model, lifetime PD model, econometric model to which scenarios and their 
probabilities of occurrence correspond, which are updated annually, etc.); 
­ 
early warning system for the credit area;  
­ 
monitoring and evaluation of credit positions at the level of the entire portfolio and part of it; 
­ 
review of the classification and impairment losses of individual loan positions by the risk 
management function (single file review);  
­ 
benchmarking analysis;  
­ 
stress tests;  
­ 
annual validation of static models;  
­ 
risk assessments started in special situations (e.g. in case of abnormal risk development).  
­ 
the aforementioned second and third level RAF indicators.  
Some of these methods are briefly described below.  
Rating model  
Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige has a rating model that meets the following requirements:  
­ 
it was revised in 2023 based on historical default data from the RIPS system;  
­ 
it was developed with the support of external consultants experienced in statistical modelling, 
taking into account well established statistical techniques reflecting best market practice (e.g. 
using logistic regression to identify and model relevant indicators or using Weight of Evidence 
coding to improve rating stability);

--- Page 513 ---
2023 Report and financial statements | 2023 Financial statements | Statement of cash flows 
10286974115-v8 
511 
47-41075393 
 
­ 
it refers to the default prudential definition; 
­ 
it can be "forced" automatically to ensure rating consistency with objective factors on credit quality 
deterioration;  
­ 
it enables the assessment of all major segments of the bank's borrowing customers;  
­ 
it enables the calculation of the expected loss to maturity for exposures allocated to stage 2 and 
3 in accordance with IFRS 9 through the use of additional model parameters and internal rating-
based modelling;  
­ 
it includes expectations regarding the development of the macroeconomic environment (e.g. 
economic situation, unemployment) in the calculation of expected losses over the residual life of 
the instrument (ECL lifetime),  
The rating model used at Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige is based on three pillars, although 
additional factors are taken into account to determine the rating for certain customer segments:  
­ 
pillar 1: performance module;  
­ 
pillar 2: quantitative module;  
­ 
pillar 3: qualitative module.  
The rating is calculated by assigning specific weights to the three pillars and to any additional factors, 
which are defined for each segment of borrowing customers. After applying the weightings, the rating 
process checks whether one of the three possible automatic forcing of the calculated rating should be 
carried out for the customer in question. The reasons for forcing are the presence of forbearance 
measures, the subjective watchlist and the classification as a bad loan with a third party bank. 
Automatic forcing ensures that ratings are consistent with objective information on credit quality 
deterioration. Manual changes (overrides) to ratings calculated using the model can only be made by 
the Credit Area, only in justified cases and on the basis of demonstrable objective criteria. It is 
therefore necessary that such changes are properly justified and documented. Forced ratings cannot 
be improved by manual overrides. 
 
Calculation of expected losses on loans and receivables  
The parameters for calculating expected credit losses are in line with the provisions of IFRS 9. 
The lifetime PD calculation for exposures eligible for internal rating models has been updated to 31 
October 2023. In this, both internal components based on historical default rates (point-in-time 
component) and macroeconomic components were considered in order to include forward-looking 
information. The three scenarios used are based on forecasts of relevant macroeconomic indicators 
(e.g. gross domestic product, unemployment rate, interest level or inflation) made by the Bank of Italy 
and the European Banking Authority (EBA) for the years 2024, 2025 and 2026 (Bank of Italy 
Macroeconomic Projections September 2023 and, EBA stress test 2023 for the definition of stress 
scenarios). 
The adjustment to IFRS 9 takes place, with respect to the loss given default (LGD) rates, through the 
probability of classification to bad loans parameter. For this purpose, an adjustment (point-in-time 
calibration) was first made. In a second step, the adjusted parameter is calibrated against forward-
looking information. The adjustment is made in a similar manner to that used for the lifetime PD. The 
inputs used to adjust the LGD parameter are the same as those used for PD and are determined 
using a satellite model and specific macroeconomic scenarios.  
For exposures that cannot be rated using the internal rating model due to their characteristics, specific 
PD and LGD parameters are determined that are appropriate to their characteristics and risks. Two 
lifetime PD curves are used to assess these exposures; one was modelled for exposures to the 
government or government agencies, and the other was modelled for all banks and other 
counterparties that cannot be assessed using the internal model.  
Increased PD for vulnerable sectors  
Energy and commodity prices rose dramatically in 2022 as a result of the conflict in Ukraine, leading 
to a sharp rise in inflation and subsequent general price volatility related to international conflicts. For 
sectors that are vulnerable to this change in the economic context, including private, the level of 
provisions (impairment losses) was increased from November 2022 through specific increases in PD 
for the first three years of the lifetime PD. Increases continued for the 2023 financial statements due 
to the continuing uncertain economic environment.  
Quantitative Stage Allocation Model (SICR Model) under IFRS 9  
The quantitative measurement model was updated to monitor changes in credit risk and to identify 
significant increases. The SICR model was adapted to the new rating model defined in 2023. During

--- Page 514 ---
2023 Report and financial statements | 2023 Financial statements | Statement of cash flows 
10286974115-v8 
512 
47-41075393 
 
the implementation of the new rating model, all historical ratings were retrospectively recalculated 
using the new model to ensure an adequate comparison of the change in credit risk. This model sets 
a limit value for each exposure. If this limit value is exceeded, the exposure is classified as stage 2. 
The parameters used to calculate the individual limit have been determined using a statistical method 
(quantile regression) for Private and Enterprise customer segments. This model takes into account 
relevant attributes of the credit exposures (e.g. change in PD, age of the exposure, maturity of the 
credit line). Credit risk is compared over the entire life of the exposure using lifetime PD. The model 
is reviewed annually and the benchmarks are updated, as necessary.  
The model applies to all products except securities. A simplified model based on changes in rating is 
used for securities.  
2.4 Credit risk mitigation techniques  
In accordance with the corporate objectives and the credit policy defined by the Board of Directors, 
the most frequently used method of credit risk mitigation (CRM) at Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto 
Adige is the acquisition of various types of personal and collateral security.  
Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige has not entered into netting agreements for on- and off-
statement of financial position transactions and has not entered into any derivative contracts to hedge 
credit risk.  
A portion of the loans of Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige is secured by (normally first) 
mortgages: a deduction is applied to the appraised value of the mortgages and other collateral, 
determined according to the type of collateral acquired. Moreover, a significant portion of the loans is 
secured by personal guarantees, usually sureties issued, as the case may be, by the shareholders of 
the customer enterprises or by persons related to the borrowers. This is also accompanied by loans 
secured by state guarantees (e.g. SACE). The existence of collateral also determined the maximum 
credit line that is granted to a single customer or a group of related customers.  
As at 31 December 2023, cash exposures secured by real and personal collateral represented 73.70% 
of the total loan portfolio to customers.  
Due from banks are mostly secured by securities (mainly government bonds).  
Residual risk arising from the use of credit risk mitigation techniques is defined as the current and 
future risk of negative impact from mitigation techniques that prove to be less effective and appropriate 
than originally anticipated (e.g. inadequate collateral, difficulty in realising the collateral, lack of legal 
effectiveness).  
Irrespective of the use of CRM techniques pursuant to the regulatory provisions, the relevant 
strategies, guidelines and regulations within Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige are aimed at 
the prudent management of credit risk and normally provide for the acquisition of adequate collateral 
to protect the exposure (see section on credit risk).  
The use of CRM techniques can expose the bank to additional risks (e.g. operational and legal risks) 
which can reduce or eliminate the effectiveness of the original guarantee. As a result, the risk exposure 
may be higher than originally estimated.  
Exposures to banks are mostly collateralised by securities (mainly government bonds). Cassa 
Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige uses CRM techniques for repo transactions, using government 
bonds or government-backed bonds, as well as for guarantees/sureties of local authorities.  
CRM techniques are also applied for loans to small and medium-sized enterprises covered by a State 
guarantee (managed by Mediocredito Centrale).  
The bank applies supervisory techniques for mortgage loans to mitigate credit risk (CRM techniques). 
In this regard, special internal regulations were drawn up in which the following contents are regulated:  
­ 
roles and responsibilities of the competent company officers and functions;  
­ 
the control and monitoring activities to be carried out throughout the life of the security on property;  
­ 
the criteria to be met by the guarantees to be acquired;  
­ 
operational standards for checking the general and specific requirements of mortgage 
guarantees.  
In order to monitor the above-mentioned areas, for which CRM techniques are envisaged, control 
schedules have been integrated into the internal datamart. Moreover, the risk management function 
created a specific control area for CRM-related risks in its own tableau de bord, which is updated on 
a quarterly basis. This risk is also dealt with in the risk management's annual risk analysis.

--- Page 515 ---
2023 Report and financial statements | 2023 Financial statements | Statement of cash flows 
10286974115-v8 
513 
47-41075393 
 
The process of acquisition, processing and management of guarantees is continuously monitored. 
The Credit line Analysis sector monitors the acquisition of guarantees through line controls aimed at 
checking the adequacy of the documentation submitted. The Monitoring and Anomalous Credit 
Service continuously monitors the development of the value of property held as collateral and requests 
that it be updated in cases defined by internal and external regulations.  
The standards for the periodic updating of property value estimates are those defined by the Italian 
Banking Association (ABI). The updating of these estimates is based on both statistical methods 
(indexed and at least annual revaluation of properties) and analytical methods (valuation carried out 
by external experts according to standards defined by the bank).  
As part of the second-level controls in the credit area, the risk management function carries out 
specific control activities relating to the correct application of the standards defined for CRM 
techniques.  
3. Non-performing loans  
3.1 Management strategies and policies  
In accordance with supervisory regulations, non-performing loans are divided into the following 
categories:  
­ 
bad loans;  
­ 
unlikely to pay;  
­ 
exposures past due and/or overdue by more than 90 days.  
An individual borrower/counterparty approach is applied to exposures past due and/or overdue by 
more than 90 days as the bank did not avail itself of the option to refer to the individual transaction 
approach to retail counterparties. This means that the entire exposure of a borrower must be classified 
as exposures past due and/or overdue by more than 90 days, if one or more credit lines meet the 
criteria for this classification. 
In compliance with the regulatory requirements introduced in recent years in relation to the 
management of non-performing exposures, the bank implemented the criteria set out in the 
EBA/GL/2016/07 guidelines on the new definition of default and in particular, with reference to 
exposures past due and/or overdue, internally established the thresholds relating to the contagion 
effect and the "pulling effect".  
The management of non-performing loans is the responsibility of the Credit Area, which carries out 
the following tasks in this area:  
­ 
monitor exposures past due and/or overdue by more than 90 days and unlikely to pay, supporting 
in this the consultants who are in charge of first-level controls;  
­ 
take action to restore the regular performance of non-performing exposures;  
­ 
propose to the Management or the Board of Directors the return to "performing" classification of 
non-performing exposures, the implementation of restructuring plans, the withdrawal of credit 
lines, and the classification of non-performing exposures.  
Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige pays particular attention to the identification and active 
management of non-performing loans.  
3.2 Write-off of loans and receivables  
IFRS 9 requires an entity to reduce the gross carrying amount of a financial asset when it has no 
reasonable expectation of recovering the full amount of the asset. In such cases, an impairment or 
write-off of the underlying asset is required.  
The gross carrying amount of a financial asset must be reduced by the amount of the impairment loss.  
Financial assets are to be adjusted with respect to their value or derecognised - in whole or in part - 
in the year in which the receivable is classified - in whole or in part - as irrecoverable.  
In accordance with IFRS 9, an impairment loss may be recognised even before enforcement 
proceedings against the debtor have been fully completed. Derecognition does not imply a waiver by 
the bank of its legal right to recover the claim, which is the case with debt forgiveness whereby the 
bank waives its right to repayment.  
In order for the claim to be derecognised, there must be certain and irrefutable elements confirming 
the irrecoverability of the claim. The criteria applicable within Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige 
were laid down in internal regulations.

--- Page 516 ---
2023 Report and financial statements | 2023 Financial statements | Statement of cash flows 
10286974115-v8 
514 
47-41075393 
 
Specifically, during the 2023 financial year, 8 counterparties were subject to write-offs for a total 
amount of € 5,936,652, while 5 exposures were subject to partial write-off for an amount of € 5,009,024.  
3.3 Purchased or originated credit-impaired financial assets  
Purchased or originated credit-impaired financial assets refer to exposures where the credit risk is 
already very high at initial recognition.  
In this area, there are two different types:  
i) 
instruments or portfolios of non-performing loans purchased on the market (purchased credit 
impaired - PCI);  
ii) credits disbursed by the bank to a customer already classified in stage 3 (originated credit 
impaired – OCI). The credit lines granted under restructuring agreements pursuant to Article 182 
of the Bankruptcy Law are also classified as OCI, even if granted to newly acquired customers.  
The identified OCI transaction will be classified as forborne non-performing if all conditions are met. If 
the cure period of at least one year is exceeded, the transaction may be classified as forborne 
performing in stage 2. Notwithstanding the transition to performing, and even after the two-year 
probation period, the OCI transaction can no longer be allocated to 1, as this classification is 
incompatible with the need for a measurement based on the ECL lifetime.  
Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige implemented a process to identify POCI when the above 
requirements are met.  
3.4 Financial assets subject to commercial renegotiations and subject to forbearance 
measures  
Forbearance measures, as defined in the supervisory regulations, are granted to a debtor that is 
experiencing or is about to experience difficulties in meeting its financial commitments ("financial 
difficulties"). Therefore, a forbearance measure exists if the bank grants a borrower a forbearance to 
ease its financial difficulties. The classification as a forborne exposure is applied at the credit line level.  
Forborne exposures can be divided into:  
a) performing exposures subject to forbearance measures;  
b) non-performing exposures subject to forbearance measures.  
Exposures subject to forbearance measures must, in addition to meeting the requirements listed 
below, remain in the respective category for a specific period of time (cure period for non-performing 
exposures and/or probation period for performing exposures). In this context, the general principle is 
that the classification of the debtor and the forborne characteristic of the credit line must coincide, so 
that, for example, if there is a non-performing loan subject to forbearance measures, the entire debt 
position must be classified as non-performing.  
Non-performing exposures subject to forbearance measures  
If an exposure is classified as non-performing, there is no doubt that a financial difficulty exists. 
Accordingly, a forbearance measure granted for a non-performing exposure (or for an exposure that 
would otherwise be classified as non-performing) is always a forbearance measure. An exposure 
classified as forborne non-performing (i.e. non-performing subject to forbearance measures) must 
remain within this category for a cure period of at least one year.  
The expected losses on non-performing loans subject to forbearance measures are determined 
according to the same criteria as for exposures allocated to stage 3.  
Performing exposures subject to forbearance measures  
This type of exposure must be subject to a probation period of at least two years. Non-performing 
exposures subject to forbearance measures that have exceeded the cure period are classified as 
performing exposures subject to forbearance measures. However, if applicable, the entire debt 
exposure must be classified as performing. If exposures previously classified as non-performing 
forborne exposures become 30 days past due or are again subject to forbearance measures during 
the two-year test period, they must be reclassified as non-performing forborne exposures.

--- Page 517 ---
2023 Report and financial statements | 2023 Financial statements | Statement of cash flows 
10286974115-v8 
515 
47-41075393 
 
3.5 Prudential backstop for non-performing loans (calendar provisioning)  
On 26 April 2019, Regulation (EU) 2019/630 of the European Parliament and of the Council amending 
Regulation (EU) 575/2013 with regard to minimum loss coverage on non-performing exposures was 
published in the Official Journal of the European Union. This regulation defined the prudential 
treatment under Pillar I of non-performing loans (NPLs) granted as from 26 April 2019.  
This new regulation complements the supervisory provisions on non-performing exposures and 
provides for a specific deduction from common equity tier 1 (CET 1) capital for non-performing 
exposures (NPEs) whose coverage level is below the minimum requirements of the supervisory 
regulations.  
The regulation sets out the supervisory authority's quantitative expectations for minimum levels of 
prudential provisioning. This level is calculated on the basis of the period since which the loan is 
classified as non-performing ("vintage") and the presence of any guarantees.  
The term NPE ("non-performing exposure") is an extension of the term NPL ("non-performing loan") 
and therefore includes exposures (loans and receivables and off-statement of financial position items) 
classified as:  
­ 
Bad loans  
­ 
Unlikely to pay  
­ 
Exposures past due and/or overdue by more than 90 days.  
Therefore, in the context of Pillar 1, all exposures (at the individual credit line level) that originated as 
new transactions on or after 26 April 2019 and were subsequently classified as "non-performing" are 
to be considered.  
Exposures incurred prior to this date are excluded from this scheme. However, if an increase in an 
existing loan is arranged at the level of a credit line or if the consolidation of one or more loans takes 
place, the minimum coverage requirements also apply to this new exposure.  
Guarantees have a significant impact on the calculation of the amount of the minimum cover required. 
In this context, only guarantees that are identified in the schemes as eligible for credit risk mitigation 
(CRM) are taken into account.  
The forbearance measures granted allow the bank to apply the minimum coverage ratio in force at 
the time of forbearance for an additional year. However, it should be noted that from the following 
year, the standard percentage of cover will apply if the borrower's exposure continues to be classified 
as non-performing despite the forbearance granted.  
The reporting as at 31 December 2023 on the level of regulatory provisions did not reveal any shortfall 
in the coverage of Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige's non-performing exposures (NPE) within 
the various time horizons. Therefore, no additional amount had to be deducted from the common 
equity tier 1 capital.

--- Page 518 ---
2023 Report and financial statements | 2023 Financial statements | Statement of cash flows 
10286974115-v8 
516 
47-41075393 
 
Part E - Information on risks and relative hedging policies  
Section 1 - Credit risk  
A. Credit quality 
A.1 Performing and non-performing credit exposures: amounts, adjustments, changes, and 
economic breakdown  
A.1.1 Breakdown of financial assets by portfolio classification and credit quality (carrying 
amount)  
 
Portfolio/Quality 
Bad 
loans 
Unlikely to 
pay 
Past due 
non-
performing 
loans 
Past due 
performing 
loans 
Other 
performing 
loans 
Total 
1. Financial assets measured 
at amortised cost  
1,350 
36,999 
243 
12,505 
2,785,375 
2,836,471 
2. Financial assets measured 
at fair value through other 
comprehensive income  
- 
- 
- 
- 
384,827 
384,827 
3. financial assets designated 
at fair value  
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
4. 
Other 
financial 
assets 
mandatorily measured at fair 
value  
- 
- 
- 
- 
301 
301 
5. Financial assets held for sale  
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Total 31/12/2023 
1,350 
36,999 
243 
12,505 
3,170,503 
3,221,599 
Total 31/12/2022 
2,883 
34,741 
67 
16,394 
5,476,787 
5,530,870

--- Page 519 ---
2023 Report and financial statements | 2023 Financial statements | Statement of cash flows 
10286974115-v8 
517 
47-41075393 
 
A.1.2 Breakdown of financial assets by portfolio classification and credit quality (gross and 
net values) 
 
Portfolio/Quality 
Non-performing 
Performing 
Total (net 
exposure) 
 
Gross 
exposure 
Total 
impairment 
losses 
Net 
exposure 
Total 
partial 
write-
offs 
Gross 
exposure 
Total 
impairment 
losses 
Net 
exposure 
1. 
Financial 
assets 
measured 
at 
amortised cost  
85,896 
47,304 
38,591 
- 
2,814,588 
16,708 
2,797,880 
2,836,471 
2. 
Financial 
assets 
measured at fair 
value 
through 
other 
comprehensive 
income  
- 
- 
- 
- 
384,981 
154 
384,827 
384,827 
3. 
Financial 
assets 
designated 
at 
fair value  
- 
- 
- 
- 
X 
X 
- 
- 
4. 
Other 
financial assets 
mandatorily 
measured at fair 
value  
- 
- 
- 
- 
X 
X 
301 
301 
5. 
Financial 
assets held for 
sale  
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Total 
31/12/2023 
85,896 
47,304 
38,591 
- 
3,199,568 
16,862 
3,183,008 
3,221,599 
Total 
31/12/2022 
76,465 
38,775 
37,690 
- 
5,512,740 
19,968 
5,493,180 
5,530,870 
 
Portfolio/Quality 
Assets with a clear poor credit quality 
Other assets 
Accumulated losses 
Net exposure 
Net exposure 
1. Financial assets held for trading  
- 
- 
4,543 
2. Hedging derivatives  
- 
- 
11,398 
Total 31/12/2023 
- 
- 
15,941 
Total 31/12/2022 
- 
- 
7,389

--- Page 520 ---
2023 Report and financial statements | 2023 Financial statements | Statement of cash flows 
10286974115-v8 
518 
47-41075393 
 
A.1.3 Breakdown of financial assets by past-due brackets (carrying amounts) 
  
 
Stage 1 
Stage 2 
Stage 3 
purchased or originated 
credit-impaired 
Portfolios/risk stages 
From 1 day to 30 days 
From 30 days to 90 days 
Beyond 90 days 
Up to 30 days 
From 30 days to 90 days 
Beyond 90 days 
Up to 30 days 
From 30 days to 90 days 
Beyond 90 days 
Up to 30 days 
From 30 days to 90 days 
Beyond 90 days 
1. 
Financial 
assets 
measured 
at 
amortised cost  
4,997 
- 
- 
7,329 
177 
2 
7,177 
1,818 
7,329 
- 
- 
1,424 
2. 
Financial 
assets 
measured at fair value 
through 
other 
comprehensive 
income  
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
3. 
Financial 
assets 
held for sale  
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Total 31/12/2023 
4,997 
- 
- 
7,329 
177 
2 
7,177 
1,818 
7,329 
- 
- 
1,424 
Total 31/12/2022  
11,979 
- 
- 
3,971 
442 
1 
3,201 
415 
10,796 
- 
- 
77

--- Page 521 ---
2023 Report and financial statements | 2023 Financial statements | Statement of cash flows 
10286974115-v8 
519 
47-41075393 
 
A.1.4 Financial assets, commitments to disburse funds and financial guarantees given: 
changes in total adjustments and total provisions  
reasons/risk stages 
 
Total impairment losses 
Assets included in stage 1 
 
Assets included in stage 2 
 
Assets included in stage 3 
 
Assets with central banks 
Financial assets measured at amortised cost 
Financial assets measured at fair value through other 
comprehensive income 
Financial assets held for sale 
of which: individual impairment 
of which: collective impairment 
Assets with central banks 
Financial assets measured at amortised cost 
Financial assets measured at fair value through other 
comprehensive income 
Financial assets held for sale 
of which: individual impairment 
of which: collective impairment 
Assets with central banks 
Financial assets measured at amortised cost 
Financial assets measured at fair value through other 
comprehensive income 
Financial assets held for sale 
of which: individual impairment 
of which: collective impairment 
Opening total impairment 
losses  
- 
8,887 
178 
- 
(65) 
9,325 
- 
10,879 
- 
- 
(639) 
11,787 
- 
32,620 
- 
- 
54,310 
(21,612) 
Increases from purchased 
or 
originated 
financial 
assets  
94 
1,053 
21 
- 
- 
1,168 
- 
834 
- 
- 
- 
834 
- 
854 
- 
- 
853 
0 
Derecognitions other than 
write-offs 
(1,092) 
(948) 
(38) 
- 
- 
(2,078) 
- 
(110) 
- 
- 
- 
(110) 
- 
(421) 
- 
- 
- 
(421) 
net impairment losses for 
credit risk (+/-) 
(9) 
(7,383) 
(7) 
- 
- 
(7,399) 
- 
5,018 
- 
- 
- 
5,018 
- 
6,129 
- 
- 
10,316 
(4,187) 
Changesin contracts 
without derecognition 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
21 
- 
- 
- 
21 
- 
(6) 
- 
- 
- 
(6) 
Changes in the estimation 
method 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Write-off 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
(2) 
- 
- 
- 
(2) 
Other changes 
- 
2,754 
- 
- 
(164) 
2,918 
- 
(3,288) 
- 
- 
(165) 
(3,124) 
- 
534 
- 
- 
329 
205 
Closing balance  
(1,007) 
4,364 
154 
- 
(229) 
3,935 
- 
13,355 
- 
- 
(804) 
14,427 
- 
39,708 
- 
- 
65,802 
(26,017) 
Recoveries 
from 
collections 
on 
financial 
assets subject to write-off  
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Write-offs recognised 
directly in profit or loss 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
 
(cont.)

--- Page 522 ---
2023 Report and financial statements | 2023 Financial statements | Statement of cash flows 
10286974115-v8 
520 
47-41075393 
 
(cont.) 
 
reasons/risk 
stages 
 
Purchased or originated credit-impaired financial 
assets 
Total provisions on commitments to disburse funds and 
financial guarantees given 
 
 
 
Financial assets measured at amortised cost 
Financial assets measured at fair value through other 
comprehensive income 
Financial assets held for sale 
of which: individual impairment 
of which: collective impairment 
 
Stage 1 
Stage 2 
Stage 3 
Commitments to disburse funds and financial guarantees given 
Purchased or originated credit-impaired financial assets 
Total 
Opening total 
impairment 
losses  
 
6,178 
- 
- 
3,344 
(261) 
 
1,123 
298 
1,239 
554 
61,957 
Increases from 
purchased 
or 
originated 
financial 
assets  
 
2,679 
 
 
 
 
 
564 
75 
603 
667 
7,444 
Derecognitions 
other than 
write-offs 
 
(24) 
- 
- 
- 
(24) 
 
(401) 
(112) 
(38) 
(73) 
(3,256) 
net impairment 
losses for 
credit risk (+/-) 
 
(316) 
- 
- 
370 
(685) 
 
(423) 
154 
1,966 
33 
5,162 
Changes in 
contracts 
without 
derecognition 
 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
 
- 
- 
- 
- 
16 
Changes in 
the estimation 
method 
 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Write-off 
 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
 
- 
- 
- 
- 
(2) 
Other changes 
 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
 
(62) 
45 
(170) 
(388) 
(575) 
Closing 
balance  
 
8,518 
- 
- 
1,034 
(970) 
 
801 
460 
3,600 
794 
70,746 
Recoveries 
from 
collections on 
financial 
assets subject 
to write-off  
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
(575) 
Write-offs 
recognised 
directly in 
profit or loss 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
-

--- Page 523 ---
2023 Report and financial statements | 2023 Financial statements | Statement of cash flows 
10286974115-v8 
521 
47-41075393 
 
A.1.5 Financial assets, commitments to disburse funds and financial guarantees given: 
transfers between different stages of credit risk (gross and nominal amounts)  
Portfolios/risk stages 
Gross amounts/nominal amount 
Transfers from stage 1 
to stage 2 
Transfers from stage 2 
to stage 3 
Transfers from stage 
1 to stage 3 
From stage 1 to stage 2 
From stage 2 to stage 1 
From stage 2 to stage 3 
From stage 3 to stage 2 
From stage 1 to stage 3 
From stage 3 to stage 1 
1. Financial assets measured at amortised cost 
84,586 
59,462 
11,666 
- 
14,416 
- 
2. Financial assets measured at fair value 
through other comprehensive income 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
3. Financial assets held for sale 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
4. Commitments to disburse funds and financial 
guarantees given 
68,029 
15,470 
5,527 
- 
6,716 
- 
Total 31/12/2023 
152,615 
74,932 
17,193 
- 
21,132 
- 
Total 31/12/2022 
125,272 
55,830 
13,179 
3,144 
10,635 
-

--- Page 524 ---
2023 Report and financial statements | 2023 Financial statements | Statement of cash flows 
10286974115-v8 
522 
47-41075393 
 
A.1.6 On- and off-statement of financial position credit exposures to banks: gross and net 
values  
Type of 
exposure/Amounts 
Gross exposure 
Total impairment losses and total provisions 
Net 
exposure 
Total 
partial 
write-offs* 
 
Stage 1 
Stage 2 
Stage 3 
Purchased or originated credit-
impaired 
 
Stage 1 
Stage 2 
Stage 3 
Purchased or originated credit-
impaired 
A. 
ON-
STATEMENT OF 
FINANCIAL 
POSITION 
CREDIT 
EXPOSURES  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
A.1 AT SIGHT 
321,115 
321,115 
- 
- 
- 
169 
169 
- 
- 
- 
320,946 
- 
a) Non-performing 
- 
X 
- 
- 
- 
- 
X 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
b) Performing 
321,115 
321,115 
- 
X 
- 
169 
169 
- 
X 
- 
320,946 
- 
A.2 OTHER 
350,893 
350,893 
- 
- 
- 
244 
244 
- 
- 
 
350,649 
 
a) Bad loans 
- 
X 
- 
- 
- 
- 
X 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
-of 
which: forbearance 
exposures 
- 
X 
- 
- 
- 
- 
X 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
b) Unlikely to pay 
- 
X 
- 
- 
- 
- 
X 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
-of 
which: forbearance 
exposures 
- 
X 
- 
- 
- 
- 
X 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
c) Past due non-
performing loans 
- 
X 
- 
- 
- 
- 
X 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
-of 
which: forbearance 
exposures 
- 
X 
- 
- 
- 
- 
X 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
d) 
Past 
due 
performing loans 
- 
- 
- 
X 
- 
- 
- 
- 
X 
- 
- 
- 
-of 
which: forbearance 
exposures 
- 
- 
- 
X 
- 
- 
- 
- 
X 
- 
- 
- 
e) 
Other 
performing loans 
350,893 
350,893 
- 
X 
- 
244 
244 
- 
X 
- 
350,649 
- 
-of 
which: forbearance 
exposures 
- 
- 
- 
X 
- 
- 
- 
- 
X 
- 
- 
- 
TOTAL (A) 
672,007 
672,007 
- 
- 
- 
413 
413 
- 
- 
 
671,594 
 
B. 
OFF-
STATEMENT OF 
FINANCIAL 
POSITION 
CREDIT 
EXPOSURES 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
a) Non-performing 
- 
X 
- 
- 
- 
- 
X 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
b) Performing 
1,018,577 
1,001,504 
171 
X 
- 
414 
394 
20 
X 
- 
1,018,163 
- 
TOTAL (B) 
1,018,577 
1,001,504 
171 
- 
- 
414 
394 
20 
- 
- 
1,018,163 
 
TOTAL (A+B) 
1,690,584 
1,673,511 
171 
- 
- 
826 
806 
20 
- 
- 
1,689,758

--- Page 525 ---
2023 Report and financial statements | 2023 Financial statements | Statement of cash flows 
10286974115-v8 
523 
47-41075393 
 
A.1.7 On- and off-statement of financial position credit exposures to customers: gross and net 
values 
  
Type of 
exposure/Amounts 
Gross exposure 
Total impairment losses and total provisions 
Net 
exposure 
Total 
partial 
write-
offs* 
 
Stage 1 
Stage 2 
Stage 3 
Purchased or originated credit-
impaired 
 
Stage 1 
Stage 2 
Stage 3 
Purchased or originated credit-
impaired 
A. 
ON-STATEMENT 
OF 
FINANCIAL 
POSITION 
CREDIT 
EXPOSURES  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
a) Bad loans 
9,218 
X 
-
8,505 
713 
7,868 
X 
- 
7,217 
651 
1,350 
- 
-of which: forbearance 
/exposures 
- 
X 
-
- 
- 
- 
X 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
b) Unlikely to pay 
76,356 
X 
-
63,694 
12,662 
39,356 
X 
- 
33,651 
5,705 
36,999 
- 
-of which: forbearance 
exposures 
37,317 
X 
-
26,570 
10,747 
17,385 
X 
- 
13,314 
4,070 
19,933 
- 
c) 
Past 
due 
non-
performing loans 
323 
X 
-
323 
- 
80 
X 
- 
80 
- 
243 
- 
-of which: forbearance 
exposures 
- 
X 
-
- 
- 
- 
X 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
d) Past due performing 
loans 
13,048 
5,008 
8,040
X 
- 
543 
11 
532 
X 
- 
12,505 
- 
-of which: forbearance 
exposures 
3,976 
- 
3,976
X 
- 
217 
- 
217 
X 
- 
3,759 
- 
e) Other performing 
loans 
2,835,929 
2,619,688 
215,940
X 
- 
16,074 
3,252 
12,822 
X 
- 
2,819,854 
- 
-of which: forbearance 
exposures 
55,621 
- 
55,621
X 
- 
3,663 
- 
3,663 
X 
- 
51,957 
- 
TOTAL (A) 
2,934,873 
2,624,696 
223,980
72,521 
13,375 
63,922 
3,263 
13,355 
40,948 
6,357 
2,870,951 
- 
B. OFF-STATEMENT 
OF 
FINANCIAL 
POSITION 
CREDIT 
EXPOSURES 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
a) Non-performing 
22,092 
X 
-
15,913 
6,179 
4,357 
X 
- 
3,601 
756 
17,735 
- 
b) Performing 
769,805 
685,159 
84,513
X 
132 
847 
424 
422 
X 
1 
768,958 
- 
TOTAL (B) 
791,897 
685,159 
84,513
15,913 
6,311 
5,204 
424 
422 
3,601 
757 
786,693 
- 
TOTAL (A+B) 
3,726,769 
3,309,855 
308,492
88,434 
19,686 
69,126 
3,687 
13,777 
44,548 
7,114 
3,657,644 
-

--- Page 526 ---
2023 Report and financial statements | 2023 Financial statements | Statement of cash flows 
10286974115-v8 
524 
47-41075393 
 
 
A.1.9 On-statement of financial position credit exposures to customers: changes in gross non-
performing exposures 
  
Causes/Quality 
Bad loans 
Unlikely to pay 
Past due non-
performing loans 
A. Opening gross exposure  
10,853 
63,445 
501 
-of which: exposures transferred and not cancelled 
- 
- 
- 
B. Increases  
1,286 
34,463 
2,028 
B.1 transfers from performing loans  
- 
26,703 
2,009 
B.2 transfers from purchased or originated credit-impaired 
financial assets  
- 
- 
- 
B.3 transfers from other categories of non-performing loans  
1,186 
1,765 
- 
B.4 changes in contracts without derecognition  
- 
- 
- 
B.5 other increases  
100 
5,994 
19 
C. Decreases  
2,922 
23,717 
1,781 
C.1 transfers to performing loans  
- 
8 
- 
C.2 write-off  
2,021 
2,898 
- 
C.3 collections  
901 
16,680 
10 
C.4 gains on sales  
- 
- 
- 
C.5 losses on sale  
- 
- 
- 
C.6 transfers to other categories of non-performing loans  
- 
1,181 
1,770 
C.7 changes in contracts without derecognition  
- 
- 
- 
C.8 other decreases  
- 
2,949 
1 
D. Closing gross exposure  
9,218 
74,191 
748 
-of which: exposures transferred and not cancelled  
- 
- 
-

--- Page 527 ---
2023 Report and financial statements | 2023 Financial statements | Statement of cash flows 
10286974115-v8 
525 
47-41075393 
 
A.1.9 Bis On-statement of financial position credit exposures to customers: changes in gross 
forborne exposures broken down by credit quality  
  
Causes/Quality 
Non-performing forbearance 
exposures 
Other forbearance 
exposures 
A. Opening gross exposure  
27,455 
86,802 
-of which: exposures transferred and not cancelled  
- 
- 
B. Increases  
19,393 
16,099 
B.1 transfers from performing non-forborne exposures  
597 
15,297 
B.2 transfers from performing forborne exposures  
9,791 
X 
B.3 transfers from non-performing forborne exposures  
X 
- 
B.4 transfers from non-performing non-forborne exposures  
7,968 
- 
B.5 other increases  
1,037 
802 
C. Decreases  
9,274 
54,623 
C.1 transfers to performing non-forborne exposures  
X 
12,771 
C.2 transfers to performing forborne exposures  
- 
X 
C.3 transfers to non-performing forborne exposures  
X 
9,791 
C.4 write-off  
- 
- 
C.5 collections  
8,434 
8,376 
C.6 gains on sales  
- 
- 
C.7 losses on sale  
- 
10,720 
C.8 other decreases  
840 
12,965 
D. Closing gross exposure  
37,574 
48,278 
-of which: exposures transferred and not cancelled  
- 
-

--- Page 528 ---
2023 Report and financial statements | 2023 Financial statements | Statement of cash flows 
10286974115-v8 
526 
47-41075393 
 
A.1.11 On-statement of financial position non-performing credit exposures to customers: 
changes in total adjustments 
  
Causes/Categories 
Bad loans 
Unlikely to pay 
Past due non-performing loans 
Total 
of 
which: forbearance 
exposures 
Total 
of 
which: forbearance 
exposures 
Total 
of 
which: forbearance 
exposures 
A. 
Opening 
total 
impairment losses 
9,780 
- 
30,919 
11,722 
85 
76 
-of 
which: 
exposures 
transferred 
and 
not 
cancelled  
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
B. Increases 
1,737 
- 
23,863 
8,639 
102 
- 
B.1 impairment losses 
from 
purchased 
or 
originated credit-impaired 
financial assets 
10 
X 
3,053 
X 
- 
X 
B.2 
other 
impairment 
losses 
1,249 
- 
17,664 
5,733 
70 
- 
B.3 losses on sale 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
-  
B.4 transfers from other 
categories 
of 
non-
performing loans 
239 
- 
30 
- 
- 
-  
B.5 changes in contracts 
without derecognition 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
-  
B.6 other increases 
239 
- 
3,116 
2,906 
32 
- 
C. Decreases 
1,601 
- 
11,775 
4,061 
31 
- 
C.1 recoveries due to 
valuation 
193 
- 
7,605 
2,940 
- 
- 
C.2 recoveries due to 
collections 
284 
- 
3,163 
1,120 
- 
- 
C.3 gains on sale 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
C.4 write-off  
1,124 
- 
755 
- 
- 
- 
C.5 transfers to other 
categories 
of 
non-
performing loans 
- 
- 
239 
- 
31 
- 
C.6 changes in contracts 
without derecognition 
- 
- 
6 
- 
- 
- 
C.7 other decreases 
- 
- 
8 
- 
- 
- 
D. 
Closing 
total 
impairment losses 
9,916 
- 
43,007 
16,300 
156 
76 
-of 
which: 
exposures 
transferred 
and 
not 
cancelled 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
-

--- Page 529 ---
2023 Report and financial statements | 2023 Financial statements | Statement of cash flows 
10286974115-v8 
527 
47-41075393 
 
A.2 Classification of financial assets, commitments to disburse funds and financial guarantees 
given based on internal and external rating 
The production structure in the Autonomous Province of Bolzano is characterised by a large number 
of small and medium-sized enterprises, which are mainly financed by the local banking system and 
by their own resources.  
At present, few companies have an external rating.

--- Page 530 ---
2023 Report and financial statements | 2023 Financial statements | Statement of cash flows 
10286974115-v8 
528 
47-41075393 
 
 
A.3 Breakdown of guaranteed credit exposures by type of guarantee 
A.3.1 Guaranteed on- and off-statement of financial position credit exposures to banks 
  
 
Gross exposure 
Net exposure 
Collaterals (1) 
Personal guarantees (2) 
Total 
(1)+(2) 
Credit derivatives 
Endorsement credits 
 
Other derivatives 
Property - mortgages 
-Properties - Finance leases 
Securities 
Other collaterals 
CLN 
Public administrations 
Banks 
Other financial companies 
Other parties 
Central counterparties 
Banks 
Other financial companies 
Other parties 
1. Guaranteed on-statement of 
financial 
position 
credit 
exposures  
299,658 
299,497 
- 
- 
277,728 
20,652 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
1.1 fully secured  
299,658 
299,497 
- 
- 
277,728 
20,652 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
-of which non-performing  
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
1.2 partially secured  
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
-of which non-performing  
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
2. Guaranteed off-statement of 
financial 
position 
credit 
exposures:  
1,594 
1,589 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
2.1 fully secured  
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
-of which non-performing 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
2.2 partially secured  
1,594 
1,589 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
-of which non-performing  
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
-

--- Page 531 ---
2023 Report and financial statements | 2023 Financial statements | Statement of cash flows 
10286974115-v8 
529 
47-41075393 
 
A.3.2 Guaranteed on- and off-statement of financial position credit exposures to customers 
 
 
Gross exposure 
Net exposure 
Collaterals (1) 
Personal guarantees (2) 
Total 
(1)+(2) 
Credit derivatives 
Endorsement credits 
 
Other derivatives 
Property - mortgages 
-Properties - Finance leases 
Securities 
Other collaterals 
CLN 
Public administrations 
Banks 
Other financial companies 
Other parties 
Central counterparties 
Banks 
Other financial companies 
Other parties 
1. 
Guaranteed 
on-
statement of financial 
position 
credit 
exposures  
1,502,242 
1,443,976 
630,036 
316,075 
- 
118,235 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
1.1 fully secured  
1,275,482 
1,226,345 
610,445 
315,336 
- 
114,973 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
-of which non-performing  
66,395 
30,724 
22,583 
3,643 
- 
828 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
1.2 partially secured  
226,760 
217,632 
19,591 
739 
- 
3,262 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
-of which non-performing  
12,874 
5,486 
1,620 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
2. 
Guaranteed 
off-
statement of financial 
position 
credit 
exposures:  
194,110 
192,032 
- 
- 
- 
15,368 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
2.1 fully secured  
72,840 
71,856 
- 
- 
- 
8,177 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
-of which non-performing  
2,567 
1,706 
- 
- 
- 
11 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
2.2 partially secured  
121,270 
120,176 
- 
- 
- 
7,191 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
-of which non-performing  
6,970 
6,041 
- 
- 
- 
378 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
-

--- Page 532 ---
2023 Report and financial statements | 2023 Financial statements | Statement of cash flows 
10286974115-v8 
530 
47-41075393 
 
B. Breakdown and concentration of credit exposures  
B.1 Breakdown of on- and off-statement of financial position credit exposures to customers 
by sector 
 
Exposures/Counterparti
es 
Public administrations 
Financial companies 
Financial companies 
(of which: insurance 
companies) 
Non-financial 
companies 
 
Household
s 
Net 
exposure 
Total 
impairme
nt losses 
Net 
exposur
e 
Total 
impairme
nt losses 
Net 
exposur
e 
Total 
impairme
nt losses 
Net 
exposure 
Total 
impairme
nt losses 
Net 
exposur
e 
Total 
impairment 
losses 
A. 
On-statement 
of 
financial 
position 
credit exposures  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
A.1 Bad loans  
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
1,138 
5,759 
212 
2,109 
-of 
which: forbearance 
exposures  
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
A.2 Unlikely to pay  
- 
- 
1,641 
3,158 
- 
- 
32,722 
33,869 
2,637 
2,330 
-of 
which: forbearance 
exposures  
- 
- 
1,475 
3,116 
- 
- 
16,234 
12,419 
2,224 
1,849 
A.3 
Past 
due 
non-
performing loans  
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
-of 
which: forbearance 
exposures  
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
A.4 Performing loans  
1,075,60
8 
438 
75,023 
139 
- 
- 
1,527,06
8 
15,243 
154,660 
797 
-of 
which: forbearance 
exposures  
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
52,292 
3,658 
3,424 
223 
Total A 
1,075,60
8 
438 
76,664 
3,297 
- 
- 
1,560,92
7 
54,871 
(157,751
) 
5,316 
B. 
Off-statement 
of 
financial 
position 
credit exposures  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
B.1 
Non-performing 
loans  
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
17,644 
4,344 
91 
12 
B.2 Performing loans  
5,888 
1 
66,250 
30 
- 
- 
678,268 
798 
18,552 
17 
Total B 
5,888 
1 
66,250 
30 
- 
- 
695,912 
5,143 
18,643 
30 
TOTAL (A+B) (2023) 
1,081,49
6 
439 
142,914 
3,327 
- 
- 
2,256,83
9 
60.014 
176,395 
5,346 
TOTAL (A+B) (2022) 
1,291,23
3 
555 
122,421 
487 
- 
- 
2,428,25
7 
54,854 
205,809 
4,647

--- Page 533 ---
2023 Report and financial statements | 2023 Financial statements | Statement of cash flows 
10286974115-v8 
531 
47-41075393 
 
B.4 Large exposures 
  
Description 
31/12/2023 
31/12/2022 
a) Amount (carrying amount) 
2,697,825 
5,331,577 
b) Amount (weighted amount) 
209,677 
192,519 
c) Number 
23 
37 
 
The breakdown of major risks is set below:  
 
a) Banks: 13 (of which 12 Raiffeisen banks)  
b) Asset management company: 0  
c) Countries: 6  
d) Customers: 4

--- Page 534 ---
2023 Report and financial statements | 2023 Financial statements | Statement of cash flows 
10286974115-v8 
532 
47-41075393 
 
Section 2 – Market risks 
The sharp rise in the level of interest rates (the reference rate increased several times during 2023) 
had a significant impact on the performance of the bank's HTCS securities portfolio.  
2.1 - Interest rate risk and price risk - Regulatory trading book  
According to the supervisory provisions, banks with a trading portfolio of less than 5% of total assets 
and a market value of less than € 50 million in absolute terms are not required to report market risks.  
As at 31 December 2023, the Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige held a trading portfolio that 
did not exceed the above-mentioned limits. At the end of the reporting period, financial assets and 
financial derivatives of € 164,909 thousand were recorded in the trading portfolio of Cassa Centrale 
Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige.  
2.2 - Interest rate risk and price risk - Banking book 
Qualitative information  
A. General aspects, management processes and measurement methods for interest rate risk 
and price risk  
 
Interest rate risk in the banking book (IRRBB) is the current and future risk of adverse effects on a 
bank's earnings and economic value arising from adverse changes in interest rates and affecting 
financial instruments sensitive to those rates. This category includes gap risk, basis risk and option 
risk.  
Interest rate risk management is the responsibility of the Finance Area.  
The identification of interest rate risk in the banking book is carried out by the Risk Management 
function, also with the support of the corporate functions involved in each operational process.  
Interest rate risk is identified:  
­ 
as part of risk monitoring (identification of changes in risk and/or exceeding of predefined 
parameters);  
­ 
as part of the risk analyses carried out annually for the risk management function's annual report, 
for the RAF and ICAAP (identification of new risks or risks that have changed, also with a view 
to the future);  
­ 
as part of occasional analyses carried out when specific risk situations arise (identification of new 
risks, risks that have changed or have not been correctly assessed up to that point, possibly also 
with a view to the future).  
Bank of Italy Circular no. 285/13 and the EBA/GL/2018/02 guidelines of 19 July 2018 require banks 
to use at least one profit-based measure and at least one economic value-based measure for 
measuring and monitoring IRRBB, which together capture all components of IRRBB.  
Methods based on economic value make it possible to measure the impact of changes in market rates 
on financial instruments, liabilities and off-statement of financial position exposures that are sensitive 
to such changes. Therefore, these methods assess the impact of changes in market rates on the net 
value of the bank's assets.  
On the other hand, profit-based methods highlight the impact of changes in market rates on the bank's 
future cash flows.  
Accordingly, the risk management function of Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige uses two 
corresponding models to measure the interest rate risk of the banking book:  
­ 
model for measuring the potential change in economic value (EV);  
­ 
model for measuring the potential change in net interest income (NII).  
The first model is used to measure the potential change in economic value and, at the same time, the 
internal capital (or capital at risk) under Pillar 2, which serves to cover the interest rate risk on the 
banking book.  
For a comprehensive assessment of the interest rate risk in the banking book, Risk Management 
considers the following factors, both in terms of economic value and profit:  
­ 
the current and future risk position;  
­ 
the change in the risk position or net interest margin over time, also considering their future 
development;

--- Page 535 ---
2023 Report and financial statements | 2023 Financial statements | Statement of cash flows 
10286974115-v8 
533 
47-41075393 
 
­ 
compliance with current internal and external regulations.  
In order to determine the capital at risk pursuant to the supervisory provisions (with reference to stress 
scenarios), in addition to the standard stress scenario involving a parallel shift of +/-200 basis points, 
a number of other scenarios are considered (pursuant to Bank of Italy Circular no. 285/13, in which 
reference is made to the relevant EBA guidelines):  
1: parallel upward shock;  
2: parallel downward shock;  
3: upward shock in short-term interest rates;  
4: downward shock in short-term interest rates;  
5: steepener shock with an increase in the slope of the rate curve (fall in short-term rates and rise in 
long-term interest rates);  
6: flattener shock with flattening of the slope of the rate curve (rise in short-term rates and fall in long-
term interest rates);  
Moreover, Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige uses two other scenarios:  
7: upward shock in long-term interest rates;  
8: downward shock in long-term interest rates.  
The Risk Management function performs a quarterly assessment of the interest rate risk using the two 
models mentioned above and referring to normal and stress scenarios. Moreover, as part of the 
ICAAP/ILAAP report, interest rate risk is measured with a view to the future, with reference to normal 
and stress scenarios.  
In addition to the models observed so far, the risk management function of Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen 
dell'Alto Adige uses other indicators and tools to analyse and assess interest rate risk (e.g. bucket 
sensitivity).  
The interest rate risk under the EV model is limited by RAF indicators (EV risk under stressed 
conditions (taking into account all stress scenarios mentioned above) to stressed Tier 1 capital and 
EV risk following the standard supervisory shock of +/-200 basis points to stressed supervisory capital).  
The interest rate risk measured as part of the EV model with reference to normal scenarios (based on 
a 6-year cycle, taking into account the non-negativity condition for customer exposures and the 
minimum variable value for the remaining exposures, as established by the EBA in the aforementioned 
guidelines) amounted as at 31 December 2023, taking into account the 99th and 1st percentile 
(increase and decrease in interest rates, although interest rate changes were limited to 2% within the 
model), to € 59,223 thousand, i.e. 13.30% of capital requirements according to supervisory regulations.  
The corresponding risk of change in the net interest margin (NII) amounts to € 5,748 thousand in the 
base case scenario.  
2.3 - Exchange rate risk  
Qualitative information  
A. General aspects, management processes and measurement methods for currency risk  
The exchange rate risk is measured using the model specifically prescribed by supervisory regulations.  
Its measurement is based on the calculation of the "net foreign exchange position", i.e. the balance of 
all assets and liabilities (on-statement of financial position and off-statement of financial position) 
relating to each currency.  
Due to its rather limited foreign currency operations, Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige is only 
marginally exposed to the exchange rate risk. The main sources of exchange rate risk are financing 
and funding in foreign currencies and trading in foreign banknotes.  
Moreover, currency positions held indirectly by the Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige through 
the OEIC units are also included in the net foreign currency position and are recorded in the amount 
of the maximum foreign currency limit set in the respective investment mandates. Prudential 
supervisory regulations recognise an exemption to capital absorption for the exchange rate risk if the 
open net exposure in exchange rate does not exceed a threshold of 2% of own funds.  
At the end of the 2023 financial year, the open net position in exchange rate amounted to € 63,043,981, 
or 14.15% of the supervisory own funds, resulting in a capital absorption of € 5,043,518.48.

--- Page 536 ---
2023 Report and financial statements | 2023 Financial statements | Statement of cash flows 
10286974115-v8 
534 
47-41075393 
 
Due to the modest foreign exchange business, Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige does not 
carry out any kind of stress test with regard to this risk.  
Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige constantly endeavours to limit the exchange rate risk.  
Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige monitors the development of exchange rate risk on a 
quarterly basis using a risk table.  
B. Exchange rate risk hedging  
The exchange rate risk is hedged by offsetting the currency positions held as much as possible.

--- Page 537 ---
2023 Report and financial statements | 2023 Financial statements | Statement of cash flows 
10286974115-v8 
535 
47-41075393 
 
 
Section 2 - Market risks  
2.1 INTEREST RATE RISK AND PRICE RISK - REGULATORY TRADING BOOK  
Quantitative information  
1. Regulatory trading book: distribution by residual maturity (by re-pricing date) of on-
statement of financial position financial assets and liabilities and financial derivatives  
Currency €  
Type/Residual duration 
at sight 
up to 3 
months 
from 3 
months to 6 
months 
from 6 
months to 1 
year 
from 1 year 
to 5 years 
from 5 years 
to 10 years 
beyond 10 
years 
unspecified 
maturity 
1. 
On-statement 
of 
financial 
position 
assets 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
3,930 
1.1 Debt securities 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
183 
- with early repayment 
option 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
121 
- other 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
62 
1.2 Other assets 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
3,747 
2. 
On-statement 
of 
financial 
position 
liabilities  
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
-- 
- 
- 
2.1 
Repurchase 
agreements  
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
 
- 
- 
2.2 Other liabilities  
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
3. Financial derivatives 
5,466 
63,844 
14,101 
3,158 
29,457 
31,612 
13,341 
- 
3.1 
With 
underlying 
security 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- Options 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
+ long positions 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
+ short positions 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- Other derivatives 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
+ long positions 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
-  
+ short positions 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
3.2 Without underlying 
security 
5,466 
63,844 
14,101 
3,158 
29,457 
31,612 
13,341 
- 
- Options 
15 
29 
9 
37 
64 
- 
- 
-  
+ long positions 
7 
14 
5 
18 
32 
- 
- 
-  
+ short positions 
7 
14 
5 
18 
32 
- 
- 
- 
-Other derivatives 
5,452 
63,816 
14,091 
3,121 
29,393 
31,612 
13,341 
- 
+ long positions 
2,726 
31,908 
7,338 
1,551 
14,619 
15,697 
6,573 
- 
+ short positions 
2,726 
31,908 
6,753 
1,570 
14,774 
15,914 
6,768 
-

--- Page 538 ---
2023 Report and financial statements | 2023 Financial statements | Statement of cash flows 
10286974115-v8 
536 
47-41075393 
 
3. Regulatory trading book: internal models and other sensitivity analysis methodologies 
  
3.1 End-of-period VAR, maximum, minimum and average values 
  
Value at Risk 
VaR amount in € 
Max (VaR) 
550,223 
Min (VaR) 
288,773 
Avg (VaR) 
439,927 
 
 
3.2 VAR distribution in 2023 
  
Date 
VaR (99%/1 day) in € 
1/2023 
550,223 
2/2023 
514,410 
3/2023 
514,829 
4/2023 
507,970 
5/2023 
493,279 
6/2023 
429,318 
7/2023 
359,635 
8/2023 
398,936 
9/2023 
371,626 
10/2023 
392,692 
11/2023 
353,039 
12/2023 
288,773

--- Page 539 ---
2023 Report and financial statements | 2023 Financial statements | Statement of cash flows 
10286974115-v8 
537 
47-41075393 
 
3.3. Effects of a change in rates of +/-100 basis points on the regulatory trading book: 
  
 
Increase by 100 basis points 
Decrease by 100 basis points 
% change 
% 
% change 
% 
Net interest income 
49 
0.13% 
- 
0.00% 
Net income (loss)   
for the year 
429 
0.09% 
- 
0.00% 
Shareholders' equity 
429 
0.01% 
- 
0.00% 
 
Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige has an integrated asset and liability management system. 
The consequences of a change in rates of +/-100 basis points were calculated by taking the market 
rate curve as at 31 December 2023 as a reference ( parallel shifts ).

--- Page 540 ---
2023 Report and financial statements | 2023 Financial statements | Statement of cash flows 
10286974115-v8 
538 
47-41075393 
 
2.2 INTEREST RATE RISK AND PRICE RISK - BANKING BOOK  
1. Banking book: distribution by residual maturity (by re-pricing date) of financial assets and 
liabilities 
 Quantitative information  
Currency €  
Type/Residual duration 
at sight 
up to 3 months 
from 3 months to 
6 months 
from 6 months to 
1 year 
from 1 year to 5 
years 
from 5 years to 
10 years 
beyond 10 years 
unspecified 
maturity 
1. On-statement of financial 
position assets 
1,210,183 
531,153 
526,260 
169,626 
406,862 
570,324 
107,419 
- 
1.1 Debt securities 
- 
135,956 
112,292 
25,123 
258,673 
476,565 
78,832 
- 
- with early repayment option 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- other 
- 
135,956 
112,292 
25,123 
258,673 
476,565 
78,832 
- 
1.2 Loans to banks 
321,809 
144,330 
41,854 
103,185 
20,190 
- 
- 
- 
1.3 Loans to customers 
888,375 
250,867 
372,114 
41,319 
127,998 
93,759 
28,587 
- 
- c/a 
117,198 
600 
- 
- 
428 
- 
0 
- 
- other loans 
771,177 
250,267 
372,114 
41,319 
127,570 
93,759 
28,587 
- 
- with early repayment option 
706,410 
114,794 
205,189 
34,240 
88,463 
64,137 
21,748 
- 
- other 
64,767 
135,473 
166,925 
7,079 
39,017 
29,622 
6,839 
- 
2. On-statement of financial 
position liabilities  
1,126,797 
823,029 
114,276 
349,438 
910,411 
19,631 
6,098 
- 
2.1 Due to customers 
694,093 
358,701 
13,140 
11,997 
29,670 
12,602 
3,857 
- 
- c/a  
670,672 
106,155 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- other payables 
23,420 
252,546 
13,140 
11,997 
29,670 
12,602 
3,857 
- 
- with early repayment option 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- other 
23,420 
252,546 
13,140 
11,997 
29,670 
12,602 
3,857 
 
2.2 Due to banks 
432,704 
394,080 
47,982 
171,627 
77,026 
2,010 
2,241 
- 
- c/a  
87,408 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- other payables 
345,296 
394,080 
47,982 
171,627 
77,026 
2,010 
2,241 
- 
2.3 Debt securities 
- 
70,248 
53,153 
165,814 
803,714 
5,018 
- 
- 
- with early repayment option 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- other 
- 
70,248 
53,153 
165,814 
803,714 
5,018 
- 
- 
2.4 Other liabilities 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
 
- with early repayment option 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- other 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
3. Financial derivatives 
5,248 
(511) 
(197,660) 
4,516 
186,716 
(2,819) 
- 
- 
3.1 With underlying security 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- Options 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
+ long positions 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
+ short positions 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- Other derivatives 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
+ long positions 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
+ short positions 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
3.2 
Without 
underlying 
security 
5,248 
(511) 
(197,660) 
4,516 
186,716 
(2,819) 
- 
 
- Options 
(6) 
- 
- 
- 
6 
- 
- 
- 
+ long positions 
- 
- 
- 
- 
6 
- 
- 
- 
+ short positions 
6 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
-Other derivatives 
5,254 
(511) 
(197,660) 
4,516 
186,710 
(2,819) 
- 
- 
+ long positions 
5,254 
11,103 
4,383 
5,700 
200,000 
- 
- 
- 
+ short positions 
- 
11,615 
202,043 
1,184 
13,290 
2,819 
- 
- 
4. Other off-statement of 
financial 
position 
transactions 
(6,240) 
4,740 
1,500 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
+ long positions 
57,090 
4,740 
1,500 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
+ short positions 
63,330 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
-

--- Page 541 ---
2023 Report and financial statements | 2023 Financial statements | Statement of cash flows 
10286974115-v8 
539 
47-41075393 
 
2.1. Effects of a change in rates of +/-100 basis points on the banking book:  
 
 
 
Increase by 100 basis points 
Decrease by 100 basis points 
% change 
% 
% change 
% 
Net interest income 
2,874 
5.78% 
(2,874) 
-5.78% 
Net income (loss) for 
the year 
1,950 
16.38% 
(1,950) 
-16.38% 
Shareholders' equity 
(28,270) 
-5.83% 
30,936 
6.38% 
 
Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige has an integrated asset and liability management system. 
The consequences of a change in rates of +/-100 basis points were calculated by taking the market 
rate curve as at 31 December 2023 as a reference ( parallel shifts ).  
 
2.2 VAR distribution in 2023  
 
Value at Risk 
VaR amount in € 
Max (VaR) 
9,454,804 
Min (VaR) 
5,852,900 
Avg (VaR) 
7,697,207

--- Page 542 ---
2023 Report and financial statements | 2023 Financial statements | Statement of cash flows 
10286974115-v8 
540 
47-41075393 
 
2.3 EXCHANGE RATE RISK  
Quantitative information  
1. Breakdown by currency of assets and liabilities and of derivatives  
Items 
Currencies 
US 
dollars 
Sterling 
Yen 
Canadian 
dollars 
Swiss 
francs 
Other 
currencies 
A. Financial assets 
6,263 
415 
61 
1,019 
12,539 
194 
A.1 Debt securities 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
A.2 Equity instruments 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
A.3 Loans to banks 
5,833 
415 
61 
1,019 
12,539 
194 
A.4 Loans to customers 
430 
- 
- 
- 
- 
-  
A.5 
Other 
financial 
assets 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
B. Other assets 
93 
29 
10 
18 
873 
32 
C. Financial liabilities 
7,064 
456 
240 
1,049 
14,837 
177 
C.1 Due to banks 
6,735 
219 
240 
1,049 
13,924 
163 
C.2 Due to customers 
329 
236 
- 
- 
913 
14 
C.3 Debt securities 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
-  
C.4 
Other 
financial 
liabilities 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
-  
D. Other liabilities 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
E. 
Financial 
derivatives 
5,275 
45 
377 
40 
6,468 
2 
- Options 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
-  
+ long positions 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
-  
+ short positions 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
-Other derivatives 
5,275 
45 
377 
40 
6,468 
2 
+ long positions 
2,715 
6 
273 
- 
3,948 
0 
+ short positions 
2,560 
40 
103 
40 
2,521 
2 
Total assets 
(9,071) 
(450) 
(344) 
(1,037) 
(17,360) 
(227) 
Total liabilities 
9,624 
495 
343 
1.090 
17,357 
179 
Difference (+/-) 
553 
46 
(1) 
53 
(3) 
(48)

--- Page 543 ---
2023 Report and financial statements | 2023 Financial statements | Statement of cash flows 
10286974115-v8 
541 
47-41075393 
 
 
SECTION 3 - DERIVATIVE INSTRUMENTS AND HEDGING POLICIES 
3.1 – Trading derivatives  
The Bank entered into accounting hedges in respect of EMTN bonds (amount hedged: € 200,000,000) 
and loans to non-financial customers (mortgages: total amount hedged: € 18,185,019). 
These transactions are subject to a micro hedge effectiveness test in accordance with IFRS 9. 
Qualitative information  
A. Fair value hedges  
As at 31 December 2023, Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige carried out specific fair value 
hedging activities (micro hedging).  
Hedging is used to neutralise against changes in the fair value of deposits and loans caused by 
changes in the interest rate curve thereby stabilising the interest margin.  
The main type of hedging instrument used by Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige is the interest 
rate swap (IRS) derivative.  
B. Cash flow hedges  
The Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige does not engage in cash flow hedges, i.e. hedges 
against exposure to variations in cash flows associated with variable-rate financial instruments.

--- Page 544 ---
2023 Report and financial statements | 2023 Financial statements | Statement of cash flows 
10286974115-v8 
542 
47-41075393 
 
Section 3 - Derivative instruments and hedging policies  
 
3.1 Trading derivative 
A. Financial derivatives 
 
A.1 Financial trading derivatives: period-end notional amounts 
Underlying 
assets/Types of 
derivatives 
Total 2023 
Total 2022 
Over the counter 
Over the counter 
 
Cent
ral 
coun
terpa
rties 
Without central counterparties 
 
 
Without central counterparties 
Organis
ed 
markets 
With netting 
agreements 
Without 
netting 
agreements 
Organis
ed 
markets 
Central 
counterp
arties 
With netting 
agreements 
Without 
netting 
agreements 
1. Debt securities 
and interest rates 
- 
- 
91,259 
- 
- 
- 
102,150 
-  
a) Options 
- 
- 
10,846 
- 
- 
- 
23,584 
-  
b) swaps 
- 
- 
80,413 
- 
- 
- 
78,566 
-  
c) Forwards 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
-  
d) Futures 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
-  
e) Other 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
-  
2. 
Equity 
instruments 
and 
share indices 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
-  
a) Options 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
-  
b) Swaps 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
-  
c) Forwards 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
-  
d) Futures 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
-  
e) Other 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
-  
3. Currencies and 
gold 
- 
- 
8,605 
- 
- 
- 
10,001 
-  
a) Options 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
-  
b) Swaps 
- 
- 
8,605 
- 
- 
- 
10,001 
-  
c) Forwards 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
297 
-  
d) Futures 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
-  
e) Other 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
-  
4. Commodities 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
-  
5. Other 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Total 
- 
- 
99,864 
- 
- 
- 
112,151 
-

--- Page 545 ---
2023 Report and financial statements | 2023 Financial statements | Statement of cash flows 
10286974115-v8 
543 
47-41075393 
 
A.2 Financial trading derivatives: gross positive and negative fair value – breakdown by 
product 
 
Type of derivatives 
Total 2023 
Total 2022 
Over the counter 
Over the counter 
 
Central 
counterp
arties 
Without central counterparties 
 
 
Without central counterparties 
Organis
ed 
markets 
With netting 
agreements 
Without netting 
agreements 
Organise
d 
markets 
Central 
counterp
arties 
With netting 
agreements 
Without 
netting 
agreements 
1. Positive fair value 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
a) Options 
- 
- 
22 
- 
- 
- 
166 
- 
b) Interest rate swaps 
- 
- 
4,433 
- 
- 
- 
5,840 
- 
c) Cross currency swaps 
- 
- 
88 
- 
- 
- 
40 
- 
d) Equity swaps 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
e) Forwards 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
 
- 
- 
f) Futures 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
g) Other 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Total 
- 
- 
4,543 
- 
- 
- 
6,047 
- 
2. Negative fair value 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
a) Options 
- 
- 
22 
- 
- 
- 
165 
- 
b) Interest rate swaps 
- 
- 
4,162 
- 
- 
- 
5,548 
- 
c) Cross currency swaps 
- 
- 
61 
- 
- 
- 
61 
- 
d) Equity swaps 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
e) Forwards 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
f) Futures 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
g) Other 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Total 
- 
- 
4,245 
- 
- 
- 
5,774 
-

--- Page 546 ---
2023 Report and financial statements | 2023 Financial statements | Statement of cash flows 
10286974115-v8 
544 
47-41075393 
 
A.3 Over the counter financial trading derivatives: notional amounts, gross positive and 
negative fair value by counterparty 
Underlying assets 
Governments and central banks 
Banks 
Other financial companies 
Other parties 
Contracts that are not netting agreements  
 
- 
- 
- 
1) Debt securities and interest rates  
 
- 
- 
- 
- notional amount  
X 
83,110 
- 
8,149 
- positive fair value  
X 
4,454 
- 
1 
- negative fair value  
X 
4,162 
- 
22 
2) Equity instruments and share indices  
 
- 
- 
- 
- notional amount  
X 
- 
- 
- 
- positive fair value  
X 
- 
- 
- 
- negative fair value  
X 
- 
- 
- 
3) Currencies and gold  
 
- 
- 
- 
- notional amount  
X 
8,605 
- 
- 
- positive fair value  
X 
88 
- 
- 
- negative fair value  
X 
61 
- 
- 
4) Commodities  
 
- 
- 
- 
- notional amount  
X 
- 
- 
- 
- positive fair value  
X 
- 
- 
- 
- negative fair value  
X 
- 
- 
- 
5) Other  
 
- 
- 
- 
- notional amount  
X 
- 
- 
- 
- positive fair value  
X 
- 
- 
- 
- negative fair value  
X 
- 
- 
- 
Contracts included in netting agreements  
- 
- 
- 
- 
1) Debt securities and interest rates  
- 
- 
- 
- 
- notional amount  
- 
- 
- 
- 
- positive fair value  
- 
- 
- 
- 
- negative fair value  
- 
- 
- 
- 
2) Equity instruments and share indices  
- 
- 
- 
- 
- notional amount  
- 
- 
- 
- 
- positive fair value  
- 
- 
- 
- 
- negative fair value  
- 
- 
- 
- 
3) Currencies and gold  
- 
- 
- 
- 
- notional amount  
- 
- 
- 
- 
- positive fair value  
- 
- 
- 
- 
- negative fair value  
- 
- 
- 
- 
4) Commodities  
- 
- 
- 
- 
- notional amount  
- 
- 
- 
- 
- positive fair value  
- 
- 
- 
- 
- negative fair value  
- 
- 
- 
- 
5) Other  
- 
- 
- 
- 
- notional amount  
- 
- 
- 
- 
- positive fair value  
- 
- 
- 
- 
- negative fair value  
- 
- 
- 
-

--- Page 547 ---
2023 Report and financial statements | 2023 Financial statements | Statement of cash flows 
10286974115-v8 
545 
47-41075393 
 
A.4 Residual maturity of over the counter financial derivatives: notional amounts 
  
Underlying/Residual life 
Up to 1 
year 
From 1 
year to 
5 years 
Beyond 
5 years 
Total 
A.1 Financial derivatives on debt securities and interest rates 
6,067 
40,239 
44,953 
91,259 
A.2 Financial derivatives on equity instruments and share indices  
- 
- 
- 
- 
A.3 Financial derivatives on currencies and gold 
8,605 
- 
- 
8,605 
A.4 Financial derivatives on commodities  
- 
- 
- 
- 
A.5 Other financial derivatives  
- 
- 
- 
- 
Total 31/12/2023 
14,672 
40,239 
44,953 
99,864 
Total 31/12/2022 
15,934 
50,398 
45,820 
112,151

--- Page 548 ---
2023 Report and financial statements | 2023 Financial statements | Statement of cash flows 
10286974115-v8 
546 
47-41075393 
 
Section 3 - Derivative instruments and hedging policies  
 
3.2 Accounting hedges 
Quantitative information 
A. Financial hedging derivatives 
 
A.1 Financial hedging derivatives: period-end notional amounts 
Type of derivatives 
Total 2023 
Total 2022 
Over the counter 
Over the counter 
Organis
ed 
markets 
Central 
counterp
arties 
Without central counterparties 
Organise
d 
markets 
Central 
counterp
arties 
Without central counterparties 
With netting 
agreements 
Without netting 
agreements 
With netting 
agreements 
Without 
netting 
agreements 
1. Debt securities and 
interest rates 
- 
- 
218,400 
- 
- 
- 
21,478 
- 
a) Options 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
b) swaps 
- 
- 
218,400 
- 
- 
- 
21,478 
- 
c) Forwards 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
d) Futures 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
e) Other 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
2. Equity instruments and 
share indices 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
a) Options 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
b) swaps 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
c) Forwards 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
d) Futures 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
e) Other 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
3. Currencies and gold 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
a) Options 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
b) swaps 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
c) Forwards 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
d) Futures 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
e) Other 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
4. Commodities 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
5. Other 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Total 
- 
- 
218,400 
- 
- 
- 
21,478 
-

--- Page 549 ---
2023 Report and financial statements | 2023 Financial statements | Statement of cash flows 
10286974115-v8 
547 
47-41075393 
 
A.2 Financial hedging derivatives: gross positive and negative fair value – breakdown by 
product  
Types of derivatives 
Negative and positive fair value 
Change in 
the value 
used for 
recognising 
the 
ineffectivene
ss of the 
hedge 
Total 2023 
Total 2022 
Over the counter 
 
Over the counter 
 
 
Without central 
counterparties 
 
 
Without central 
counterparties 
 
Central counterparties 
With netting 
agreements 
Without netting 
agreements 
Organised markets 
Central counterparties 
With netting 
agreements 
Without netting 
agreements 
Organised markets 
Total 2023 
Total 2022 
1. Positive fair value 
- 
- 
11,398 
- 
- 
- 
1,343 
- 
11.3
98 
1,3
43 
a) Options  
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
b) Interest rate swaps 
- 
- 
11,398 
- 
- 
- 
1,343 
- 
- 
1,3
43 
c) Cross currency swaps 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
-  
d) Equity swaps 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
-  
e) Forwards 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
-  
f) Futures 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
-  
g) Other 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
2. Negative fair value  
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
13 
- 
- 
13 
a) Options  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
b) Interest rate swaps  
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
c) Cross currency swaps  
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
13 
- 
- 
13 
d) Equity swaps  
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
e) Forwards  
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
f) Futures  
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
g) Other  
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Total 
- 
- 
11,398 
- 
- 
- 
1,355 
- 
11,3
98 
1,3
55

--- Page 550 ---
2023 Report and financial statements | 2023 Financial statements | Statement of cash flows 
10286974115-v8 
548 
47-41075393 
 
A.3 Over the counter financial hedging derivatives: notional amounts, gross positive and 
negative fair values by counterparty 
Underlying assets 
Central 
counterparti
es 
Banks 
Other 
financial 
companies 
Other 
parties 
Contracts that are not netting agreements  
- 
- 
- 
- 
1) Debt securities and interest rates  
- 
- 
- 
- 
- notional amount  
X 
218,400 
- 
- 
- positive fair value  
X 
11,398 
- 
- 
- negative fair value  
X 
- 
- 
- 
2) Equity instruments and share indices  
 
- 
- 
- 
- notional amount  
X 
- 
- 
- 
- positive fair value  
X 
- 
- 
- 
- negative fair value  
X 
- 
- 
- 
3) Currencies and gold  
 
- 
- 
- 
- notional amount  
X 
- 
- 
- 
- positive fair value  
X 
- 
- 
- 
- negative fair value  
X 
- 
- 
- 
4) Commodities  
 
- 
- 
- 
- notional amount  
X 
- 
- 
- 
- positive fair value  
X 
- 
- 
- 
- negative fair value  
X 
- 
- 
- 
5) Other  
 
- 
- 
- 
- notional amount  
X 
- 
- 
- 
- positive fair value  
X 
- 
- 
- 
- negative fair value  
X 
- 
- 
- 
Contracts included in netting agreements  
- 
- 
- 
- 
1) Debt securities and interest rates  
- 
- 
- 
- 
- notional amount  
- 
- 
- 
- 
- positive fair value  
- 
- 
- 
- 
- negative fair value  
- 
- 
- 
- 
2) Equity instruments and share indices  
- 
- 
- 
- 
- notional amount  
- 
- 
- 
- 
- positive fair value  
- 
- 
- 
- 
- negative fair value  
- 
- 
- 
- 
3) Currencies and gold  
- 
- 
- 
- 
- notional amount  
- 
- 
- 
- 
- positive fair value  
- 
- 
- 
- 
- negative fair value  
- 
- 
- 
- 
4) Commodities  
- 
- 
- 
- 
- notional amount  
- 
- 
- 
- 
- positive fair value  
- 
- 
- 
- 
- negative fair value  
- 
- 
- 
- 
5) Other  
- 
- 
- 
- 
- notional amount  
- 
- 
- 
- 
- positive fair value  
- 
- 
- 
- 
- negative fair value  
- 
- 
- 
-

--- Page 551 ---
2023 Report and financial statements | 2023 Financial statements | Statement of cash flows 
10286974115-v8 
549 
47-41075393 
 
A.4 Residual maturity of over the counter financial hedging derivatives: notional amounts 
  
Underlying/Residual life 
Up to 1 
year 
From 1 
year to 5 
years 
Beyond 5 
years 
Total 
A.1 Financial derivatives on debt securities and 
interest rates 
2,291 
213,290 
2,819 
218,400 
A.2 Financial derivatives on equity instruments and 
share indices  
- 
- 
- 
- 
A.3 Financial derivatives on currencies and gold  
- 
- 
- 
- 
A.4 Financial derivatives on commodities  
- 
- 
- 
- 
A.5 Other financial derivatives  
- 
- 
- 
- 
Total 2023 
2,291 
213,290 
2,819 
218,400 
Total 2022 
3,002 
14,164 
4,311 
21,478

--- Page 552 ---
2023 Report and financial statements | 2023 Financial statements | Statement of cash flows 
10286974115-v8 
550 
47-41075393 
 
D. Hedged items 
D.1 Fair value hedges  
 
Specific 
hedging: 
carrying 
amount 
 
Specific hedging 
Macro 
hedging: 
carrying 
amount 
Specific hedging - net 
positions: carrying amount of 
assets and liabilities (before 
offsetting) 
Cumulative 
changes in 
fair value of 
the hedged 
instrument 
Termination 
of hedging: 
residual 
cumulative 
changes in 
fair value 
Change in the 
value used for 
recognising 
the 
ineffectiveness 
of the hedge 
A. ASSETS  
 
 
 
 
 
 
1. Financial assets measured at fair 
value through other comprehensive 
income - hedging of:  
 
 
 
 
 
 
1.1 Debt securities and interest rates  
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
X 
1.2 Equity instruments and share indices  
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
X 
1.3 Currencies and gold  
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
X 
1.4 Loans and receivables  
18,185 
- 
494 
448 
- 
X 
1.5 Other  
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
X 
2. 
Financial 
assets 
measured 
at 
amortised cost – hedging of:  
 
 
 
 
 
 
1.1 Debt securities and interest rates  
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
X 
1.2 Equity instruments and share indices  
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
X 
1.3 Currencies and gold  
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
X 
1.4 Loans and receivables  
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
X 
1.5 Other  
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
X 
Total 2023 
18,185 
- 
494 
448 
- 
- 
B. LIABILITIES  
 
 
 
 
 
 
1. Financial liabilities measured at 
amortised cost - hedging of:  
 
 
 
 
 
 
1.1 Debt securities and interest rates  
200,000 
- 
6,469 
- 
- 
X 
1.2 Currencies and gold  
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
X 
1.3 Other  
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
X 
Total 2023  
200,000 
- 
6,469 
- 
- 
-

--- Page 553 ---
2023 Report and financial statements | 2023 Financial statements | Statement of cash flows 
10286974115-v8 
551 
47-41075393 
 
Section 4 - Liquidity risk 
Qualitative information  
A. General aspects, management processes and measurement methods for liquidity risk  
The liquidity situation of the Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige is at an adequate level. 
Following the gradual maturity of TLTRO financing, the Bank's dependence on the European Central 
Bank decreased considerably. During 2023, the Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige 
implemented a number of measures, mainly to strengthen its medium- to long-term liquidity position 
(and the underlying NSFR indicator). As from 1 January 2024, the "risk appetite" referred to the NSFR 
indicator will increase from the current 115% to 120%. 
Risk definition and identification, risk factors related to sources of liquidity risk  
Liquidity risk is the present and future risk of failure to meet payment obligations, in whole or in part, 
over various time horizons (liquidity risk strictly speaking). Causes of default can be either the inability 
to obtain liquid assets in the market at reasonable conditions (funding liquidity risk) or the inability to 
liquidate assets (asset liquidity risk). Liquidity risk also includes the risk of being unable to obtain 
liquidity or liquidate assets under normal market conditions (market liquidity risk). Liquidity risk is often 
correlated with other risks and may therefore occur in addition to other types of risk.  
The identification of liquidity risk is closely related to the bank's main strategic processes:  
­ 
finalisation of strategic and operational planning;  
­ 
RAF;  
­ 
ICAAP;  
­ 
ILAAP:  
­ 
Recovery Plan.  
The liquidity risk identification process aims to determine all liquidity risk factors or causes to which 
the bank is exposed and which may have a significant impact on its liquidity position.  
The underlying liquidity risk is determined through specific analyses and assessments, within which 
two macro areas can be distinguished in relation to the time horizon:  
­ 
short-term (or operational) liquidity, which in turn is divided into two sub-areas:  
o 
intraday liquidity, on the basis of which it is possible to measure the bank's ability to balance 
its daily cash inflows and outflows and to ensure adequate liquid resources at all times;  
o 
or short-term liquidity, on the basis of which it is possible to assess the Bank's ability to meet 
its expected and unforeseen payment obligations over a 12-month horizon;  
­ 
structural liquidity, which identifies any liquidity imbalances between assets and liabilities over a 
time horizon of more than one year.  
Main competent bodies and functions  
The main functions responsible for this area and their main tasks are presented below.  
Board of Directors  
As the body with strategic supervisory functions, the Board of Directors is responsible for the following 
tasks:  
­ 
defining and approving strategic guidelines, internal policies and regulations, risk appetite and 
tolerance thresholds of liquidity risk;  
­ 
approving the methods used to measure liquidity risk exposure and the key assumptions 
underlying the stress scenarios;  
­ 
defining the indicators and provisions of the Risk Appetite Framework (RAF) and the Contingency 
Funding Plan;  
As a management body, the Board of Directors also has the following tasks:  
­ 
defining the main lines of the liquidity risk management process and ensuring that it is 
continuously updated;  
­ 
establishing the responsibilities of the corporate functions and structures involved in the liquidity 
risk management process;  
­ 
defining internal information flows aimed to ensure that corporate bodies and control functions 
are fully aware of and manage the factors affecting liquidity risk.  
Management  
The Management, which attends the meetings of the Board of Directors, is responsible for the 
following tasks:

--- Page 554 ---
2023 Report and financial statements | 2023 Financial statements | Statement of cash flows 
10286974115-v8 
552 
47-41075393 
 
­ 
proposing the strategic guidelines and policies for managing liquidity risk in concert with the 
Finance Area;  
­ 
communicating the regulations and standards in force within the bank to the company functions 
involved;  
­ 
informing the Board immediately of any deterioration in the Bank's liquidity position.  
Risk management  
The Risk Management function is responsible for the following tasks:  
­ 
defining and proposing to the Board of Directors the factors to be considered for the identification 
of liquidity risk;  
­ 
establishing the methods for defining the liquidity risk exposure;  
­ 
defining the main assumptions underlying the stress scenarios;  
­ 
defining the liquidity risk indicators relevant to the RAF and the corresponding provisions;  
­ 
carrying out liquidity risk analyses from a point-in-time and forward-looking perspective, based 
on normal and stress scenarios;  
­ 
periodically monitoring liquidity risk and compliance with the relevant provisions;  
­ 
periodically preparing liquidity risk reports;  
­ 
notifying the Management and the qualified company functions if operational limits relating to 
liquidity risk are exceeded in order to ensure the activation of the envisaged escalation 
procedures;  
­ 
proposing, with the involvement of the relevant functions, the corrective actions envisaged in the 
Contingency Funding Plan;  
­ 
preparing and submitting reports on liquidity risk to the competent corporate bodies at least on a 
quarterly basis.  
The Treasury & Funding sector  
This function is responsible for the following tasks in connection with the management of the short-
term liquidity position:  
­ 
monitoring and managing the liquidity position, daily funding and use of liquidity in accordance 
with defined procedures;  
­ 
accessing and operating on the money markets;  
­ 
monitoring and managing the level of the compulsory reserve established in the supervisory 
regulations (hereinafter also referred to as "ROB");  
­ 
monitoring the system of giro and settlement accounts;  
­ 
monitoring the portfolio of financial instruments that can be used for collateralised lending with 
the European Central Bank or corresponding markets (e.g. MTS);  
­ 
implementing all actions required to ensure compliance with the liquidity indicators envisaged by 
the supervisory regulations.  
As part of the management of the medium- to long-term liquidity position, this function is also 
responsible for:  
­ 
preparing the funding plan to be submitted to the head of the Finance Area for approval and, 
immediately thereafter, to the Board of Directors.  
Liquidity risk control and mitigation process  
The bank's liquidity risk management process consists of the following steps:  
­ 
risk identification (identification of the main risk factors, internal and external risk sources as well 
as operational activities that expose the bank to liquidity risk);  
­ 
risk analysis (analysis of all major risks and risk factors, definition of risk indicators and models, 
preparation of internal regulations);  
­ 
risk measurement and assessment (measurement/qualitative assessment of the liquidity risk);  
­ 
risk monitoring (continuous monitoring of risks and underlying indicators, control of compliance 
with internal and external regulations and standards, identification of risk trends);  
­ 
risk reporting and disclosure (timely reporting, the preparation and dissemination of which 
facilitates decision-making, consideration of possible changes in the current and future context, 
assessment of possible risk impacts and new opportunities, risk awareness, risk culture);  
­ 
risk management/risk mitigation/related interventions (implementation of actions and their 
documentation).  
The establishment of a risk management process in line with the bank's strategic guidelines is an 
essential prerogative to effectively implement the risk policy defined by the competent bodies.  
Liquidity risk management strategy

--- Page 555 ---
2023 Report and financial statements | 2023 Financial statements | Statement of cash flows 
10286974115-v8 
553 
47-41075393 
 
As part of its operations, Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige strives to keep liquidity and 
refinancing risks within appropriate limits. In this context, liquidity risk management is based on the 
following principles:  
­ 
developing liquidity risk management and monitoring processes in accordance with the bank's 
organisational structure and with the aim of clearly defining the responsibilities of the corporate 
bodies and functions involved, as well as in compliance with the provisions of the supervisory 
body;  
­ 
ensuring the bank's financial balance by measuring and monitoring the short-term (including 
intraday) and medium- to long-term liquidity position, so that:  
o 
the bank can meet its payment obligations, both expected and unexpected, while minimising 
costs;  
o 
an appropriate ratio between medium- to long-term assets and liabilities can be ensured in 
order, on the one hand, to, avoid burdens associated with short-term liquidity sources and, 
on the other hand, to optimise the cost of liquidity funding;  
­ 
establishing a liquidity risk assessment process based on internal and supervisory methods and 
models, carried out with reference to specific points in time and from a forward-looking 
perspective as well as on the basis of normal and stress scenarios;  
­ 
optimising access to markets in order to obtain financial resources, by maintaining an adequate 
degree of solvency of the bank and efficient management of liquidity flows;  
­ 
optimising the management of any internal or external liquidity crises, ensuring adequate and 
promptly effective escalation processes to enable timely action to be taken, also in accordance 
with the provisions of the Contingency Funding Plan.  
The liquidity risk process is regulated by the relevant internal regulations.  
On the other hand, in an additional regulation, Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige defined a 
special Contingency Funding Plan. The latter defines the standards and processes by which the 
bank's liquidity profile can be kept under control, from the early stages of a developing liquidity crisis 
to the onset of a severe liquidity crisis, as well as ensuring the bank's business continuity.  
In addition, the following measures are implemented within the bank:  
­ 
definition and cataloguing of different types of liquidity stress scenarios;  
­ 
definition and monitoring of indicators that - in addition to those already defined within the RAF - 
can identify the occurrence of stress or liquidity stress scenarios in advance;  
­ 
assignment to the relevant corporate bodies, committees and functions of the tasks and 
responsibilities required for the activation and implementation of the measures outlined in the 
Contingency Funding Plan (CFP);  
­ 
identification of potential actions to be taken in the event of a significant deterioration of the bank's 
liquidity position;  
­ 
periodic estimate of the maximum liquidity that can be generated (back-up liquidity) through the 
hypothetical activation of emergency measures.  
Stress scenarios  
Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige analyses various stress scenarios with respect to liquidity 
risk, i.e. with regard to intraday liquidity risk, short-term liquidity risk and structural liquidity risk. Stress 
scenarios take into account both idiosyncratic and systemic risk factors. The results of the stress 
scenario analyses are used to calibrate the provisions of the RAF.  
ALM application  
Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige has an ALM application conforming to industry best practice 
that enables it to monitor the development of its liquidity position and the underlying liquidity risk in a 
timely manner. Alongside this, Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige adopted its own risk table 
with all relevant liquidity risk indicators, which is updated weekly.  
Availability and liquidity position  
Following the gradual maturity of the medium- to long-term TLTRO financing, the Cassa Centrale 
Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige took a number of measures to strengthen and stabilise its liquidity position. 
­ 
several issues, including an EMTN issue of € 200 million. 
­ 
several liquidity funding operations with Raiffeisen banks of the RIPS system. 
­ 
since the end of 2020, Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige has also been using the 
"ABACO" portfolio to further strengthen its liquidity position; The fact that several Raiffeisen 
banks also use the "ABACO" portfolio has positive effects on the liquidity position of the entire 
Raiffeisen banking organisation.

--- Page 556 ---
2023 Report and financial statements | 2023 Financial statements | Statement of cash flows 
10286974115-v8 
554 
47-41075393 
 
Therefore, the liquidity position of the bank is stable: 
­ 
LCR values of >145%; 
­ 
NSFR value as at 31 December 2023 of 124.09% (as from 1 January 2024, the risk appetite 
referred to the NSFR indicator will increase from the current 115% to 120%); 
­ 
The bank's survival period according to the RAF indicator "Survival period (short-term liquidity)" 
is more than three months; 
­ 
the bank's liquidity reserve consists mainly of high quality liquid assets.

--- Page 557 ---
2023 Report and financial statements | 2023 Financial statements | Statement of cash flows 
10286974115-v8 
555 
47-41075393 
 
1. Breakdown by contractual residual maturity of financial assets and liabilities 
Currency of denomination: Euro 
Items/Time periods 
at sight 
from 1 
day to 7 
days 
from 7 days 
to 15 days 
from 15 
days to 1 
month 
from 1 
month to 3 
months 
from 3 
months to 
6 months 
from 6 
months to 
1 year 
from 1 year 
to 5 years 
beyond 5 
years 
unspecified 
maturity 
On-statement of financial position 
assets 
358,808 
19,910 
38,645 
26,282 
252,986 
157,958 
367,582 
1,290,983 
1,066,775 
5,707 
A.1 Government bonds 
- 
- 
- 
- 
10,279 
15,776 
21,901 
475,000 
529,200 
- 
A.2 Other debt securities 
- 
- 
- 
173 
- 
54 
965 
12,105 
10,000 
- 
A.3 Mutual Funds 
157,343 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
A.4 Loans 
201,465 
19,910 
38,645 
26,110 
242,707 
142,128 
344,717 
803,878 
527,575 
5,707 
- banks 
135,215 
10,000 
- 
- 
144,614 
42,648 
112,492 
20,000 
- 
5,707 
- customers 
66,250 
9,910 
38,645 
26,110 
98,093 
99,480 
232,225 
783,878 
527,575 
- 
On-statement of financial position 
liabilities 
1,156,560 
189,103 
9,270 
243,147 
217,135 
99,233 
372,120 
1,002,585 
66,307 
- 
B.1 Deposits 
1,139,410 
1,419 
7,118 
233,445 
29,339 
16,922 
44,940 
169,338 
56,445 
- 
- banks 
339,196 
- 
- 
145,607 
11,139 
6,226 
35,077 
158,766 
56,445 
- 
- customers 
800,214 
1,419 
7,118 
87,838 
18,200 
10,696 
9,864 
10,572 
- 
  
B.2 Debt securities 
- 
- 
2,152 
9,693 
48,470 
38,228 
178,563 
828,568 
5,000 
- 
B.3 Other liabilities 
17,150 
187,684 
- 
9 
139,326 
44,083 
148,617 
4,679 
4,862 
- 
Off-statement of financial position 
transactions 
72,949 
3,592 
6,063 
1.012 
859 
16,950 
13,537 
43,004 
- 
- 
C.1 
Financial 
derivatives 
with 
exchange of principal 
- 
3,592 
6,063 
978 
820 
639 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- long positions 
- 
2,406 
1,757 
960 
100 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- short positions 
- 
1,186 
4,306 
18 
720 
639 
- 
- 
- 
- 
C.2  Financial 
derivatives 
w/o exchange of principal 
8,649 
- 
- 
5 
39 
4,783 
5,739 
- 
- 
- 
- long positions 
4,465 
- 
- 
5 
39 
4,766 
273 
- 
- 
- 
- short positions 
4,184 
- 
- 
- 
- 
17 
5,465 
- 
- 
- 
C.3 Deposits and loans to be received 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- long positions 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- short positions 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
C.4 
Irrevocable 
commitments 
to 
disburse funds 
64,300 
- 
- 
30 
- 
11,528 
7,799 
43,004 
- 
- 
- long positions 
970 
- 
- 
30 
- 
11,528 
7,799 
43,004 
- 
- 
- short positions 
63,330 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
C.5 Financial guarantees given 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
C.6 Financial guarantees received 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
C.1 Credit derivatives with exchange of 
principal 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- long positions 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- short positions 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
C.8 
Credit 
derivatives 
without 
exchange of principal 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- long positions 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- short positions 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
-

--- Page 558 ---
2023 Report and financial statements | 2023 Financial statements | Statement of cash flows 
10286974115-v8 
556 
47-41075393 
 
Currency of denomination: Other currencies 
Items/Time periods 
at sight 
from 1 
day to 7 
days 
from 7 
days to 
15 days 
from 15 
days to 
1 month 
from 1 
month 
to 3 
months 
from 3 
months 
to 6 
months 
from 6 
months to 
1 year 
from 1 
year to 5 
years 
beyond 
5 years 
unspecifi
ed 
maturity 
On-statement 
of 
financial 
position assets 
19,178 
- 
- 
- 
280 
- 
- 
1,290 
- 
- 
A.1 Government bonds 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
A.2 Other debt securities 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
A.3 Mutual Funds 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
A.4 Loans 
19,178 
- 
- 
- 
280 
- 
- 
1,290 
- 
- 
- banks 
19,178 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
1,108 
- 
- 
- customers 
- 
- 
- 
- 
280 
- 
- 
182 
- 
- 
On-statement 
of 
financial 
position liabilities 
24,009 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
B.1 Deposits 
24,009 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- banks 
22,517 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- customers 
1,492 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
B.2 Debt securities 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
B.3 Other liabilities 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Off-statement 
of 
financial 
position transactions 
- 
3,606 
6,135 
986 
835 
649 
- 
- 
- 
- 
C.1 Financial derivatives with 
exchange of principal 
- 
3,606 
6,135 
986 
835 
649 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- long positions 
- 
1,193 
4,350 
18 
731 
649 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- short positions 
- 
2,413 
1,785 
968 
103 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
C.2  Financial 
derivatives 
w/o exchange of principal 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- long positions 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- short positions 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
C.3 Deposits and loans to be 
received 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- long positions 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- short positions 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
C.4 Irrevocable commitments to 
disburse funds 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- long positions 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- short positions 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
C.5 Financial guarantees given 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
C.6 Financial guarantees received 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
C.1 
Credit 
derivatives 
with 
exchange of principal 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- long positions 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- short positions 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
C.8 Credit derivatives without 
exchange of principal 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- long positions 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- short positions 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
-

--- Page 559 ---
2023 Report and financial statements | 2023 Financial statements | Statement of cash flows 
10286974115-v8 
557 
47-41075393 
 
Section 5 - Operational risk 
Qualitative information  
A. General aspects, management processes and measurement methods for operational risk  
Operational risk is the present and future risk of adverse impact due to the inadequacy or inefficiency 
of procedures, human resources and internal systems or external events. This definition also includes 
legal risks but not strategic or reputational risks.  
Operational risk is clearly distinguished from other risks:  
­ 
it is a risk that often manifests itself at the level of an individual company;  
­ 
operational risks can occur across all areas of Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige;  
­ 
there is no central correlation between risk and income, i.e. an increase in operational risk does 
not generally lead to an increase in income;  
­ 
the risks underlying operational risk and the risk factors underlying the sub-risks are very 
heterogeneous;  
­ 
with regard to operational risk, there is often poorly documented or inconsistent historical data;  
­ 
operational risk is often difficult to manage and measure;  
­ 
in most cases, operational risks are not taken consciously.  
Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige uses the following tools to identify, analyse and assess 
operational risk:  
­ 
the results of the internal audit relevant for operational risk;  
­ 
database for the identification and analysis of harmful events;  
­ 
self-assessments regarding risks and controls and analysis of different scenarios (primarily on IT 
risk and business continuity risk related to IT risk);  
­ 
definition of operational processes;  
­ 
risk and performance indicators;  
­ 
other activities for the identification and assessment of operational risks (e.g. external benchmark 
analyses, preparation, monitoring and implementation of action plans).  
Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige determines the capital requirement for operational risk using 
the basic indicator approach. This method refers to the "relevant indicator" for the quantification of this 
capital requirement.  
The latter is 15 % of the three-year average of the relevant indicator (see Article 316 CRR).  
The systematic identification of harmful events related to operational risk is a fundamental prerogative 
for the sound analysis and assessment of risks as they manifest themselves, and for the subsequent 
identification of appropriate control measures. Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige has therefore 
created a database of harmful events in order to identify the circumstances that give rise to operational 
risks, and to analyse and assess the related risk exposures. In 2023, losses incurred due to 
operational risks amounted to less than 0.001% of the financial statement total.  
Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige has a Business Continuity Plan in place to protect it from 
crisis events that could disrupt normal operations. In this regard, the operational procedures to be 
adopted in the crisis scenarios considered were formalised and the roles and responsibilities of the 
various players involved were defined. The aforementioned plan also includes the Disaster Recovery 
Plan, which establishes the technical and organisational measures to be taken in the event of the 
unavailability of the information systems, even where the data processing activity has been assigned 
to a third party. The business continuity plan is reviewed annually and, if deemed appropriate, adjusted 
accordingly.  
Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige has defined its risk appetite for operational risk in the Risk 
Appetite Framework.  
Other risks closely related to operational risk  
Legal risk  
Operational risks also include legal risks (including behavioural risk). At present, Cassa Centrale 
Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige is not exposed to any risks of a legal nature that have become significant or 
that are considered likely to materialise.

--- Page 560 ---
2023 Report and financial statements | 2023 Financial statements | Statement of cash flows 
10286974115-v8 
558 
47-41075393 
 
Pending legal proceedings  
At the end of 2023, Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige had pending legal proceedings. These 
are two cases concerning the intermediation of financial products and one case concerning the 
interpretation of contractual terms. There is also a case against the tax authorities and an additional 
case is pending for an alleged violation of law provisions. The quantification of these risks was 
estimated at € 260,000.  
ICT risk (information and communication technology risk)  
The operations of Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige are to a large extent dependent on IT 
systems. Information and communication technology risk (ICT risk) and business continuity risk are a 
subcategory of operational risk. In addition to its more direct impact (e.g. process interruption, loss of 
data, etc.), the latter can also give rise to compliance, reputational and strategic risks. ICT risk and 
business continuity risk are probably the most important high-frequency, low-impact risks for 
companies for whom technology and digitalisation are critical to the success of their business models. 
Such risks are rarely serious and may never occur. However, if these risks materialise, they can be 
very damaging, even to the point of undermining the company's existence and significantly damaging 
its reputation. A malfunctioning computer system can be very costly and, if the problem persists for a 
long time, can result in a significant loss of profit or, if inadequate precautions have been taken, can 
even threaten the very existence of the company. However, this risk can take many different forms. 
For example, a bank that does not invest sufficiently in new technologies may find itself excluded from 
the market in the medium to long term, as its competitors may offer better and higher quality services 
or have more automated processes. In addition, if a bank's software is not properly analysed and a 
flaw goes undetected for a long time, it can result in high costs and/or loss of reputation.  
In addition to availability, the fundamental objectives of computer security include ensuring the 
confidentiality of important data, protection against manipulation, the ability to trace an action back to 
its originator, and the evidential value of data and computer-protected virtual operations and 
processes.  
Investments are made to achieve these IT security objectives. These costs include hardware and 
software costs, installation costs and other operating costs. The added value results in the reduction 
of IT risk and the reduction of workload through the rationalisation of work processes.  
Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige, also through its consortium IT service provider RIS SCRL, 
implemented systems and processes to ensure that the following basic IT security requirements are 
met on an ongoing basis:  
­ 
Availability: The availability of a computer system or service is the degree to which it can be used 
without time constraints. The information is also only available and usable by authorised persons 
at defined times and with defined procedures.  
­ 
Confidentiality: The confidentiality of an IT service represents the degree to which the data to be 
protected is not accessible, i.e. only authorised persons have access to such data.  
­ 
Integrity: The integrity of an IT service is the level of protection of data against unauthorised 
changes, i.e. data cannot be modified or deleted by unauthorised persons. However, even 
authorised persons cannot accidentally change data;  
­ 
Authenticity: Authenticity is the degree to which data and changes can be attributed to their author. 
Authenticity means security in case of revision. This means that the IT service must be able to 
trace all significant operations, in particular with regard to the persons who carried them out.  
­ 
Binding nature: Binding nature is the extent to which changes and declarations of intent made 
electronically have evidential value.  
Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige is responsible for the ICT system it uses, even in the case 
of full outsourcing. Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige uses the organised and consortium data 
processing centre of the Raiffeisen Südtirol IPS cooperative (RIPS), i.e. RIS SCRL, which has an 
annually updated certification according to the ISAE 3402 Type II standard.  
There is an agreement with this company for the provision of IT services. Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen 
dell'Alto Adige also uses key network services provided by Konverto S.p.A. The analysis and 
assessment of the risks related to the IT services outsourced by Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto 
Adige are carried out by the risk management of RIS SCRL and Konverto S.p.A. The relevant 
information is provided to Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige on a regular basis.  
With regard to information and communication technology risks, the RIPS system assumes that they 
should generally be avoided or kept to a minimum. Therefore, the RIPS system takes a restrictive 
approach to information and communication technology risk and the related business continuity risk. 
This means that the risk appetite of the RIPS system is low in relation to IT and continuity risk. RIS

--- Page 561 ---
2023 Report and financial statements | 2023 Financial statements | Statement of cash flows 
10286974115-v8 
559 
47-41075393 
 
SCRL, on behalf of the banks in the RIPS system, takes all necessary measures to minimise IT risks 
and to avoid as far as possible any malfunctions or interruptions of IT services, as well as security 
problems and incidents.  
As part of ICT (information, communication, technology) risks, the EBA (European Banking Authority) 
identifies the following risk categories within its SREP (Supervisory Review and Evaluation Process) 
framework, which aims, among other things, to monitor key indicators, analyse the business model 
and assess capital and liquidity risks, as well as banks' own funds and liquidity availability:  
• 
ICT availability and continuity risk;  
• 
ICT security risk;  
• 
ICT change risk, understood as the process of adaptation;  
• 
ICT data integrity risk;  
• 
ICT outsourcing risk.  
All IT risk assessments by RIS SCRL take this categorisation into account, and this is also regularly 
reviewed by risk management.  
During 2023, the Bank took several measures to establish an ICT and security risk framework in 
accordance with the 40th update of Circular no. 285/13 (assignment of ICT and security risk 
monitoring to the risk management and compliance functions, definition of analysis and measurement 
methods, development of policies and guidelines, etc.); further measures will be implemented in 2024.  
To ensure continuous improvement of IT security, known security issues and reported technical 
deficiencies are dealt with in a transparent manner.  
The IT-risk management team is responsible for handling security issues and reported technical 
shortcomings.

--- Page 562 ---
2023 Report and financial statements | 2023 Financial statements | Statement of cash flows 
10286974115-v8 
560 
47-41075393 
 
Part F - Information on shareholders' equity 
Section 1 – Company's shareholders' equity 
  
A. Qualitative information 
  
Capital adequacy is monitored through strategic planning activities. It is given an important role in 
managing its business activities and related risks. Adequate profitability, liquidity and capital strength 
are taken into account when defining strategy and growth targets.  
Within the risk appetite framework, different levels of attention are defined to ensure ongoing 
compliance with regulatory requirements and business objectives.  
Compliance with the requirements is monitored regularly on a quarterly basis by risk management.  
The bank's shareholders' equity consists of the following liability items:  
­ 
Share capital  
­ 
Reserves  
­ 
Valuation reserves  
­ 
Profit for the year

--- Page 563 ---
2023 Report and financial statements | 2023 Financial statements | Statement of cash flows 
10286974115-v8 
561 
47-41075393 
 
B. Quantitative information  
B1. Company's shareholders' equity: breakdown 
  
Item/Amounts 
31/12/2023 
31/12/2022 
1. Share capital  
250,000 
225,000 
2. Share premium reserve  
- 
- 
3. Reserves  
206,552 
202,651 
 
- retained earnings  
206,552 
202,651 
 
a) legal  
75,899 
92,999 
 
b) statutory  
- 
- 
 
c) treasury shares  
- 
- 
 
d) other  
130,653 
109,653 
 
- other  
- 
- 
4. Equity instruments  
- 
- 
5. ( Treasury shares)  
- 
- 
6. Valuation reserves  
2,765 
(18,822) 
-Equity instruments designated at fair value through other comprehensive income  
2,765 
(18,822) 
-Coverage of equity instruments at fair value through other comprehensive income  
 
 
-Financial assets (other than equity instruments) measured at fair value through other 
comprehensive income  
 
 
-Property, equipment and investment property  
 
 
-Intangible assets  
 
 
-Hedging of foreign investments  
 
 
Cash flow hedges  
 
 
-Hedging instruments (elements not designated)  
 
 
Exchange rate differences  
 
 
- Non-current assets held for sale  
 
 
-Financial liabilities designated at fair value through profit or loss (change in Bank's 
creditworthiness)  
 
 
-Actuarial gains (losses) on defined benefit plans  
 
 
-Portion of valuation reserves of equity-accounted investments  
 
 
-Special revaluation laws  
 
 
7. Net income (loss) for the year  
25,322 
11,904 
Total 
484,638 
445,734

--- Page 564 ---
2023 Report and financial statements | 2023 Financial statements | Statement of cash flows 
10286974115-v8 
562 
47-41075393 
 
B.2 Valuation reserves for financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income: 
breakdown 
  
Asset/Amounts 
31/12/2023 
31/12/2022 
Positive reserve 
Negative reserve 
Positive reserve 
Negative reserve 
1. Debt securities 
- 
6,687 
- 
27,727 
2. Equity instruments 
5,389 
- 
4,790 
- 
3. Loans  
- 
- 
- 
- 
Total 
5,389 
6,687 
4,790 
27,727 
 
 
B.3 Valuation reserves for financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income: 
annual changes 
  
 
Debt 
securities 
Equity 
instruments 
Loans 
1. Opening balance 
(27,727) 
4,790 
- 
2. Increases  
21,040 
599 
- 
2.1 Fair value gains  
14,304 
- 
- 
2.2 Impairment losses for credit risk  
- 
X 
- 
2.3 Reclassification to profit or loss of negative reserves on sales  
6,736 
X 
- 
2.4 Transfers to other equity components (equity instruments)  
- 
- 
- 
2.5 Other decreases  
- 
- 
- 
3. Decreases  
- 
- 
- 
3.1 Fair value losses  
- 
- 
- 
3.2 Recoveries for credit risk  
- 
- 
- 
3.3 Reclassification of fair value gains to profit or loss: on sales  
- 
- 
- 
3.4 Transfers to other equity components (equity instruments)  
- 
- 
- 
3.5 Other decreases  
- 
- 
- 
4. Closing balance 
(6,687) 
5,389 
-

--- Page 565 ---
2023 Report and financial statements | 2023 Financial statements | Statement of cash flows 
10286974115-v8 
563 
47-41075393 
 
Part F - Information on shareholders' equity  
Section 2 - Prudential capital and ratios  
Information on Regulatory capital and ratios can be found in the public reporting ("Third Pillar") 
published on the website of Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige.

--- Page 566 ---
2023 Report and financial statements | 2023 Financial statements | Statement of cash flows 
10286974115-v8 
564 
47-41075393 
 
Part G - Business combinations  
There were no events relating to business combinations or acquisitions of business units from other 
banks in 2023.  
 
 
Part H - Related party transactions  
Section 1. Information on remuneration of directors and managers.  
The remuneration of directors and statutory auditors was set by resolution of the Shareholders' 
Meeting. The salaries of managers were set by resolution of the Board of Directors. Information on 
remuneration and salaries is disclosed in accordance with IAS 24, paragraph 16.  
In 2023, remuneration of € 598 thousand was paid to the directors and € 242 thousand to the statutory 
auditors.  
These amounts do not include value added tax and other social security contributions. Managers were 
paid salaries, including social security and other charges, of € 2,348 thousand.  
 
Section 2. Information on related party transactions.  
Transactions with related parties and jointly controlled companies were carried out at arm's length. In 
2023, no specific provisions were made for losses on receivables from the above-mentioned related 
parties and jointly controlled companies. Assets, liabilities, guarantees and commitments to related 
and jointly controlled parties at the end of the reporting period are listed below.  
 
 
Assets 
Liabilities 
Collaterals 
Income 
Expense 
Directors  
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Board of Statutory Auditors  
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Management 
15 
888 
- 
1 
29 
Associates 
- 
662 
41 
1 
10 
Companies subject to joint control 
15,000 
329 
- 
317 
17

--- Page 567 ---
2023 Report and financial statements | 2023 Financial statements | Statement of cash flows 
10286974115-v8 
565 
47-41075393 
 
Part I – Share-based payments 
The bank did not enter into any share-based payment agreements in 2023.  
 
Part L – Segment reporting  
 
Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige is not obliged to provide sector information.

--- Page 568 ---
2023 Report and financial statements | 2023 Financial statements | Statement of cash flows 
10286974115-v8 
566 
47-41075393 
 
Part M - Disclosure on leases  
Section 1 - Lessor  
 
Quantitative information  
 
With the introduction of International Financial Reporting Standard IFRS 16, the presentation of leases 
in the financial statements was redefined (see Part A Section 4, Other aspects, of the notes to the 
financial statements).  
Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige analysed the existing lease contracts, considering six long-
term rental contracts relating to the company's fleet as significant and one 1 rental contract of a 
property.  
In total, rights of use amounting to € 1,135 were quantified, of which € 143 related to the fleet and € 
1,192 to properties.  
The contracts considered have an average residual life of three years.

--- Page 569 ---
2023 Report and financial statements | 2023 Financial statements | Statement of cash flows 
10286974115-v8 
567 
47-41075393 
 
Part M - Disclosure on leases  
Section 2 - Lessor  
 
1. Information on statement of financial position and income statement  
 
Reference is made to:  
-Part B, Assets, Section 4 -Financial assets measured at amortised cost, for information on lease 
financing;  
 
-Part C, Income Statement, Section 1 - Interest, for information on interest income on lease financing.

--- Page 570 ---
2023 Report and financial statements | 2023 Financial statements | Statement of cash flows 
10286974115-v8 
568 
47-41075393 
 
Part M - Disclosure on leases  
Section 2 - Lessee  
 
2. Finance leases  
2.1 Classification by time bands of payments to be received and reconciliation with finance 
leases  
 
Total 31/12/2023 
Total 31/12/2022 
Time bands 
Lease payments to be 
received 
Lease payments to be 
received 
Up to 1 year 
37,376 
38,543 
From 1 year to 2 years 
38,068 
38,230 
From 2 year to 3 years 
37,938 
37,951 
From 3 year to 4 years 
35,723 
38,139 
From 4 year to 5 years 
34,219 
35,079 
From 5 years 
163,604 
183,643 
Total lease payments to be received 
346,928 
371,586 
Reconciliation with finance leases 
 
 
Financial income not accrued (-) 
- 
45,789 
Non-guaranteed residual value (-) 
- 
345,326 
Finance leases 
346,928 
391,115

--- Page 571 ---
10286974115-v8 
569 
47-41075393 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
2023 Independent auditor's report

--- Page 572 ---
10286974115-v8 
570 
47-41075393 
 
 
Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen  
dell’Alto Adige S.p.A. 
Financial statements as at 31 December 2023  
 
Independent auditor’s report pursuant to article 14 of Legislative 
Decree n. 39, dated 27 January 2010, and article 10 of EU Regulation n. 
537/2014

--- Page 573 ---
10286974115-v7 
571 
47-41075393 
 
EY S.p.A. 
Via Meravigli, 12 
20123 Milano 
Tel: +39 02 722121 
Fax: +39 02 722122037 
ey.com 
Independent auditor's report pursuant to article 14 of Legislative Decree n. 39, 
dated 27 January 2010 and article 10 of EU Regulation n. 537/2014 
(Translation from the original German text) 
 
To the Shareholders of  
Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige S.p.A. 
 
Report on the Audit of the Financial Statements  
 
Opinion  
We have audited the financial statements of Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige S.p.A. (the "Company"), 
which comprise the statement of financial position as at 31 December 2023, the income statement, the 
statement of comprehensive income, statement of in shareholders' equity and statement of cash flows for the 
year then ended, and notes to the financial statements, including material accounting policy information. 
In our opinion, the financial statements give a true and fair view of the financial position of the Company as at 
31 December 2023, and of its financial performance and its cash flows for the year then ended in accordance 
with International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by the European Union and with the regulations 
issued for implementing article 43 of Legislative Decree n. 136, dated 18 August 2015. 
 
Basis for Opinion 
We conducted our audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (ISA Italia). Our responsibilities 
under those standards are further described in the Auditor's Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial 
Statements section of our report. We are independent of the Company in accordance with the regulations and 
standards on ethics and independence applicable to audits of financial statements under Italian Laws. We believe 
that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. 
 
Key Audit Matters 
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in our audit of 
the financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the 
financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion 
on these matters.

--- Page 574 ---
10286974115-v8 
572 
47-41075393 
 
We identified the following key audit matter: 
Key Audit Matter 
Audit Response 
Classification and valuation of financial loans to 
customers 
 
Loans to customers measured at amortized cost, 
which are reported in line item 40 b) of the statement 
of financial position, amount to Euro 1,803 million 
and represent 45% of total assets. 
The classification and valuation of loans to customers 
are relevant to the audit due to the significance of the 
amount of the loans to the financial statement as a 
whole, and in consideration of the fact that the 
impairment provisions are determined by the 
Directors through the use of estimates that have a 
high degree of complexity and subjectivity that also 
imply the consideration of specific elements aimed at 
reflecting the current context of uncertainty on the 
evolution of the macroeconomic scenario. Amongst 
the estimation factors, the following are particularly 
significant: 
• 
the identification and calibration of the 
parameters for determining if a significant 
increase in credit risk occurred as 
compared to the initial recognition date, for 
the purposes of the allocation of exposures 
to Stage 1 and Stage 2 (performing loans). 
• 
the definition of the models and 
parameters of Probability of Default (PD), 
Loss Given Default (LGD) and Exposure at 
Default (EAD) applied for the calculation of 
expected losses (ECL - Expected Credit 
Losses), over 1 year for exposures classified 
in Stage 1 and lifetime for exposures 
classified in Stage 2, on the basis of 
historical observation of data and forward-
looking factors, including macroeconomic 
factors. 
• 
the identification of evidence that may lead 
to consider not fully recoverable the 
amount of the loans (evidence of 
impairment), with consequent classification 
in Stage 3 (impaired loans). 
• 
for loans classified in Stage 3, the 
determination of the criteria for estimating 
In relation to this matter, our audit procedures, 
carried out also with the support of our experts, 
mainly in risk management and information systems, 
included, among other things: 
• 
updating our understanding of the policies, 
processes and controls implemented by the 
company in relation to the classification 
and evaluation of financial loans to 
customers, and performing test over key 
controls, including those relating to IT 
system for the purpose of verifying their 
operating effectiveness; 
• 
performing, on a sample basis, substantive 
procedures aimed at verifying the correct 
classification and valuation of the loan 
exposures; 
• 
understanding the methodologies used in 
relation to statistical valuations and the 
reasonableness of the assumptions used 
including the new macroeconomic 
scenarios and their weighting; 
• 
performing compliance and testing 
procedures, which were aimed to verifying 
the appropriate determination of the PD, 
LGD and EAD parameters for the purpose of 
determining the impairment provisions; 
• 
performing comparative analysis 
procedures for the loan portfolio regarding 
the most significant differences compared 
to the closing balances of the preceding 
year end and the related coverage levels; 
• 
finally, we analyzed the adequacy of the 
disclosures provided in the notes to the 
financial statements.

--- Page 575 ---
10286974115-v8 
573 
47-41075393 
 
the expected cash flows according to the 
recovery strategy. 
Disclosures regarding the evolution of the quality of 
the financial loans to customers portfolio and the 
criteria adopted for the classification and valuation 
are provided in Part A - Accounting Policies, in Part B 
– Information on the statement of financial position, 
in Part C - Information on the income statement and 
in Part E - Information on risks and hedging policies 
of the notes to the financial statements. 
 
 
Responsibilities of Directors and Those Charged with Governance for the Financial 
Statements 
The Directors are responsible for the preparation of the financial statements that give a true and fair view in 
accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by the European Union and with the 
regulations issued for implementing article 43 of Legislative Decree n.136, dated 18 August 2015, and, within 
the terms provided by the law, for such internal control as they determine is necessary to enable the preparation 
of financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error. 
 
The Directors are responsible for assessing the Company's ability to continue as a going concern and, when 
preparing the financial statements, for the appropriateness of the going concern assumption, and for appropriate 
disclosure thereof. The Directors prepare the financial statements on a going concern basis unless they either 
intend to liquidate the Company or to cease operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so. 
The statutory audit committee ("Collegio Sindacale") is responsible, within the terms provided by the law, for 
overseeing the Company's financial reporting process. 
 
Auditor's Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Statements  
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements as a whole are free 
from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor's report that includes our 
opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in 
accordance with International Standards on Auditing (ISA Italia) will always detect a material misstatement when 
it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in aggregate, 
they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these 
financial statements.

--- Page 576 ---
10286974115-v8 
574 
47-41075393 
 
As part of an audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (ISA Italia), we have exercised 
professional judgment and maintained professional skepticism throughout the audit. In addition: 
• 
we have identified and assessed the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, 
whether due to fraud or error, designed and performed audit procedures responsive to those risks, 
and obtained audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The 
risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from 
error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the 
override of internal control; 
• 
we have obtained an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit 
procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an 
opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal control;  
• 
we have evaluated the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of 
accounting estimates and related disclosures made by the Directors; 
• 
we have concluded on the appropriateness of Directors' use of the going concern basis of accounting 
and, based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or 
conditions that may cast significant doubt on the Company's ability to continue as a going concern. If 
we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor's 
report to the related disclosures in the financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to 
consider this matter in forming our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained 
up to the date of our auditor's report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Company 
to cease to continue as a going concern; 
• 
we have evaluated the overall presentation, structure and content of the financial statements, 
including the disclosures, and whether the financial statements represent the underlying transactions 
and events in a manner that achieves fair presentation. 
 
We have communicated with those charged with governance, identified at an appropriate level as required by 
ISA Italia, regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit and significant audit 
findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.  
We have provided those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with the ethical and 
independence requirements applicable in Italy, and we have communicated them all matters that may 
reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, the actions taken to eliminate 
relevant risks or the safeguard measures applied. 
From the matters communicated with those charged with governance, we have determined those matters that 
were of most significance in the audit of the financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key 
audit matters. We have described these matters in our auditor's report. 
 
Additional information pursuant to article 10 of EU Regulation n. 537/14 
The shareholders of Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige S.p.A., in the general meeting held on 18 May 2020, 
engaged us to perform the audits of the financial statements for each of the years ending 31 December 2021 to 
31 December 2029. 
 
We declare that we have not provided prohibited non-audit services, referred to article 5, par. 1, of EU Regulation 
n. 537/2014, and that we have remained independent of the Company in conducting the audit. 
We confirm that the opinion on the financial statements included in this report is consistent with the content of 
the additional report to the audit committee (Collegio Sindacale) in their capacity as audit committee, prepared

--- Page 577 ---
10286974115-v8 
575 
47-41075393 
 
pursuant to article 11 of the EU Regulation n. 537/2014.   
 
 
Report on compliance with other legal and regulatory requirements 
 
Opinion pursuant to article 14, paragraph 2, subparagraph e), of Legislative Decree n. 39 
dated 27 January 2010 and of article 123-bis, paragraph 4, of Legislative Decree n. 58, dated 
24 February 1998 
The Directors of Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige S.p.A. are responsible for the preparation of the Report 
on Operations (*) of Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige S.p.A. as at 31 December 2023, including their 
consistency with the related financial statements and their compliance with the applicable laws and regulations.  
We have performed the procedures required under audit standard SA Italia n. 720B, in order to express an 
opinion on the consistency of the Report on Operations with the financial statements of Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen 
dell'Alto Adige S.p.A. as at 31 December 2023 and on their compliance with the applicable laws and regulations, 
and in order to assess whether they contain material misstatements. 
In our opinion, the Report on Operations is consistent with the financial statements of Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen 
dell'Alto Adige S.p.A. as at 31 December 2023 and comply with the applicable laws and regulations. 
With reference to the statement required by art. 14, paragraph 2, subparagraph e), of Legislative Decree n. 39, 
dated 27 January 2010, based on our knowledge and understanding of the entity and its environment obtained 
through our audit, we have no matters to report. 
 
 
Milano, April 8, 2024 
EY S.p.A. 
Signed by: Massimiliano Bonfiglio, Auditor 
 
 
This independent auditor's report has been translated into the English language solely for the convenience of 
international readers. Accordingly, only the original text in German language is authoritative. 
 
(*) The Report on Operations is not included in this translation of the Financial Statements.

--- Page 578 ---
10286974115-v8 
576 
47-41075393 
 
THE ISSUER 
Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige S.p.A. 
Via Laurin 1 
39100 Bolzano 
Italy 
DEALERS 
Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. 
Divisione IMI Corporate & Investment Banking 
Via Manzoni 4 
20121 Milan 
Italy 
DZ BANK AG 
Deutsche Zentral–Genossenschaftsbank, 
Frankfurt am Main 
Platz der Republik 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of Germany  
Natixis 
7 promenade Germaine Sablon 
75013 Paris 
France 
 
Raiffeisen Bank International AG  
Am Stadtpark 9  
A-1030 Vienna  
Austria 
PAYING AGENT 
Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige S.p.A. 
Via Laurin 1 
39100 Bolzano 
Italy 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Issuer as to Italian law 
Gianni & Origoni 
6-8 Tokenhouse Yard 
London EC2R 7AS 
United Kingdom 
Piazza Belgioioso, 2 
20121 Milan  
Italy 
Via delle Quattro Fontane, 20 
00184 Rome 
Italy 
To the Dealers as to Italian law 
Clifford Chance Studio Legale Associato 
Via Broletto, 16 
20121 Milan 
Italy 
INDEPENDENT AUDITORS TO THE ISSUER 
EY S.p.A. 
Via Meravigli, 12 
20123 Milan 
Italy 
LISTING AGENT 
Matheson LLP 
70 Sir John Rogerson's Quay  
Dublin 2 
Ireland