--- Page 1 ---
BASE PROSPECTUS 
 
CASTELLUM AB  
(incorporated with limited liability in Sweden) 
CASTELLUM HELSINKI FINANCE HOLDING ABP 
(incorporated with limited liability under the laws of the Republic of Finland) 
 
Unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by 
(in respect of Notes issued by Castellum Helsinki Finance Holding Abp only) 
CASTELLUM AB  
 
€3,000,000,000  
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Under this €3,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the Programme), Castellum AB 
(Castellum AB), in its capacity as an issuer, and Castellum Helsinki Finance Holding Abp (Castellum 
Finance) (the Issuers and each an Issuer) may from time to time issue notes (the Notes) denominated in any 
currency agreed between the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) (as defined below). Notes under the 
Programme may be issued by either Issuer and references in this Base Prospectus to the relevant Issuer shall, 
in relation to any issue or proposed issue of Notes, be references to whichever of Castellum AB or Castellum 
Finance is specified as the Issuer of such Notes in the applicable final terms document (the Final Terms). 
Notes issued by Castellum Finance will be unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by Castellum AB (in 
its capacity as guarantor of the Notes only, the Guarantor). 
Notes may be issued in bearer or registered form (respectively Bearer Notes and Registered Notes).  The 
maximum aggregate nominal amount of all Notes from time to time outstanding under the Programme will 
not exceed €3,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies calculated as described in the Programme 
Agreement (as defined under "Subscription and Sale")), subject to increase as described herein. 
The Notes may be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the Dealers specified under "Overview of the 
Programme" and any additional Dealer appointed under the Programme from time to time by the Issuers (each 
a Dealer and together the Dealers), which appointment may be for a specific issue or on an ongoing basis.  
References in this Base Prospectus to the relevant Dealer shall, in the case of an issue of Notes being (or 
intended to be) subscribed by more than one Dealer, be to all Dealers agreeing to subscribe such Notes. 
An investment in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks.  For a discussion of these 
risks see "Risk Factors". 
This Base Prospectus has been approved as a base prospectus by the Central Bank of Ireland, as competent 
authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the Prospectus Regulation). The Central Bank of Ireland only 
approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency 
imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Approval by the Central Bank of Ireland should not be considered as 
an endorsement of the Issuers, the Guarantor or of the quality of the Notes. Investors should make their own 
assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. Such approval relates only to Notes that are to be 
admitted to trading on the regulated market (the Euronext Dublin Regulated Market) of the Irish Stock

--- Page 2 ---
2 
 
 
Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin (Euronext Dublin) or on another regulated market for the purposes 
of Directive 2014/65/EU (MiFID II) in circumstances that require the publication of a prospectus. 
Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for Notes issued under the Programme during the period of 12 
months from the date of this Base Prospectus to be admitted to its official list (the Official List) and trading 
on the Euronext Dublin Regulated Market. References in this Base Prospectus to the Notes being listed (and 
all related references) shall mean that, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Notes have 
been admitted to the Official List and trading on the Euronext Dublin Regulated Market. 
This Base Prospectus (as supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable) is valid for 12 months from 
its date in relation to Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European 
Economic Area (the EEA). The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of a 
significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply when this Base 
Prospectus is no longer valid. 
Notice of the aggregate nominal amount of Notes, interest (if any) payable in respect of Notes, the issue price 
of Notes and certain other information which is applicable to each Tranche (as defined under "Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes") of Notes will be set out in the applicable Final Terms which will be delivered to the 
Central Bank of Ireland and, where listed, Euronext Dublin.  
Copies of Final Terms in relation to Notes to be listed on Euronext Dublin will also be published on the website 
of Euronext Dublin.  
The Programme also permits Notes to be issued on the basis that they will not be admitted to listing, trading 
and/or quotation by any competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system or to be admitted to 
listing, trading and/or quotation by such other or further stock exchanges and/or quotation systems as may be 
agreed between the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s). 
The Notes and the Guarantee have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, 
as amended (the Securities Act) or any U.S. State securities laws and may not be offered or sold in the United 
States or to, or for the account or the benefit of, U.S. persons as defined in Regulation S under the Securities 
Act unless an exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act is available and in accordance 
with all applicable securities laws of any state of the United States and any other jurisdiction. 
Castellum AB has been rated Baa3 by Moody's Investors Service (Nordics) AB (Moody's). The Programme 
has been rated Baa3 by Moody's.  Moody's is established in the EEA and is registered under  Regulation (EC) 
No. 1060/2009 (as amended) (the EU CRA Regulation). As such Moody's is included in the list of credit 
rating agencies published by the European Securities and Markets Authority (ESMA) on its website (at 
http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-and-certified-CRAs) in accordance with the EU CRA 
Regulation. Moody's is not established in the United Kingdom (UK) and has not applied for registration under 
Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018 (EUWA) (the UK CRA Regulation). Accordingly, the ratings issued by Moody's will be endorsed 
by Moody's Investors Service Limited in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation and have not been 
withdrawn. Moody's Investors Service Limited is established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA 
Regulation.  
Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated by the rating agency referred to above.  Where a 
Tranche of Notes is rated, such rating will be disclosed in the Final Terms and will not necessarily be the same 
as the rating assigned to the Programme by Moody's.  A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell 
or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating 
agency. Amounts payable on Floating Rate Notes may be calculated by reference to one of the Euro Interbank 
Offered Rate (EURIBOR), the Copenhagen Interbank Offered Rate (CIBOR), the Stockholm Interbank 
Offered Rate (STIBOR) and the Norwegian Interbank Offered Rate (NIBOR) as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the administrators of EURIBOR, CIBOR, STIBOR and

--- Page 3 ---
3 
 
 
NIBOR are included in ESMA's register of administrators under Article 36 of the Regulation (EU) No. 
2016/1011 (the EU Benchmarks Regulation).  
Arranger 
J.P. MORGAN 
Dealers 
BNP PARIBAS  
CITIGROUP  
DANSKE BANK  
HANDELSBANKEN 
J.P. MORGAN  
NORDEA  
SEB  
SWEDBANK 
The date of this Base Prospectus is 10 June 2024.

--- Page 4 ---
4 
 
 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION 
This Base Prospectus comprises a base prospectus in respect of all Notes issued under the Programme 
for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation. When used in this Base Prospectus, 
Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
Each Issuer and the Guarantor accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base 
Prospectus and the Final Terms for each Tranche of Notes issued under the Programme.  To the best of 
the knowledge of the Issuers and the Guarantor the information contained in this Base Prospectus is in 
accordance with the facts and does not omit anything likely to affect the import of such information. 
This Base Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with all documents which are deemed to be 
incorporated in it by reference (see "Documents Incorporated by Reference").  This Base Prospectus shall 
be read and construed on the basis that those documents are incorporated and form part of this Base 
Prospectus. 
Other than in relation to the documents which are deemed to be incorporated by reference (see 
"Documents Incorporated by Reference"), the information on the websites to which this Base Prospectus 
refers does not form part of this Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the 
Central Bank of Ireland. 
The Dealers have not independently verified the information contained herein.  Accordingly, no 
representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is made and no responsibility or liability 
is accepted by the Dealers as to the accuracy or completeness of the information contained or 
incorporated in this Base Prospectus or any other information provided by the Issuers or the Guarantor 
in connection with the Programme.  No Dealer accepts any liability in relation to the information 
contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or any other information provided by 
the Issuers or the Guarantor in connection with the Programme. 
No person is or has been authorised by the Issuers or the Guarantor to give any information or to make 
any representation not contained in or not consistent with this Base Prospectus and, if given or made, 
such information or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuers, 
the Guarantor or any of the Dealers. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or 
any Notes (a) is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation or (b) should be 
considered as a recommendation by the Issuers, the Guarantor or any of the Dealers that any recipient 
of this Base Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any 
Notes should purchase any Notes.  Each investor contemplating purchasing any Notes should make its 
own independent investigation of the financial condition and affairs, and its own appraisal of the 
creditworthiness, of the Issuers and the Guarantor.  Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other 
information supplied in connection with the Programme or the issue of any Notes constitutes an offer 
or invitation by or on behalf of the Issuers, the Guarantor or any of the Dealers to any person to 
subscribe for or to purchase any Notes. 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Notes shall in any 
circumstances imply that the information contained in it concerning the Issuers and the Guarantor is 
correct at any time subsequent to its date or that any other information supplied in connection with the 
Programme is correct as of any time subsequent to the date indicated in the document containing the 
same.  The Dealers expressly do not undertake to review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuers 
or the Guarantor during the life of the Programme or to advise any investor in Notes issued under the 
Programme of any information coming to their attention.

--- Page 5 ---
5 
 
 
IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes a legend 
entitled "Prohibition of sales to EEA Retail Investors", the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor 
in the EEA. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as 
defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 
2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) 
of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. Consequently, no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the PRIIPs Regulation) for 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been 
prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor 
in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.  
IMPORTANT – UK RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes a legend 
entitled "Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors", the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the 
United Kingdom. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail 
client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or 
regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently, no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue 
of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
MiFID II product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a 
legend entitled "MiFID II product governance" which will outline the target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, 
selling or recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into consideration the target market assessment; 
however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the MiFID Product Governance Rules), any 
Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger 
nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MiFID 
Product Governance Rules.  
UK MiFIR product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a 
legend entitled "UK MiFIR product governance" which will outline the target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any distributor should take into 
consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product 
Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules) is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or 
refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but 
otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for 
the purpose of the UK MIFIR Product Governance Rules.

--- Page 6 ---
6 
 
 
Product Classification Pursuant to Section 309B of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore - 
The applicable Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled "Singapore Securities and 
Futures Act Product Classification" which will state the product classification of the Notes pursuant to section 
309B(1) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore, as modified or amended from time to time (the 
SFA). The relevant Issuer will make a determination in relation to each issue about the classification of the 
Notes being offered for the purposes of section 309B(1)(a) of the SFA. Any such legend included on the 
applicable Final Terms will constitute notice to "relevant persons" (as defined in section 309A(1) of the SFA) 
for purposes of section 309B(1)(c) of the SFA. 
Notice to Swiss permitted investors - The Notes may not be publicly offered, directly or indirectly, in 
Switzerland within the meaning of the Swiss Financial Services Act (FinSA) and no application has or will be 
made to admit the Notes to trading on any trading venue (exchange or multilateral trading facility) in 
Switzerland. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the Notes 
constitutes a prospectus pursuant to the FinSA, and neither this Base Prospectus nor any other offering or 
marketing material relating to the Notes may be publicly distributed or otherwise made publicly available in 
Switzerland. No key information document according to the FinSA or any equivalent document under the 
FinSA has been prepared in relation to the Notes, and, therefore, the Notes may not be offered or recommended 
to private clients within the meaning of the FinSA in Switzerland. 
Notice to Ontario permitted investors - The Notes may be sold only to purchasers purchasing, or deemed to 
be purchasing, as principal that are accredited investors, as defined in National Instrument 45-106 Prospectus 
Exemptions or subsection 73.3(1) of the Securities Act (Ontario), and are permitted clients, as defined in 
National Instrument 31-103 Registration Requirements, Exemptions and Ongoing Registrant Obligations. Any 
resale of the Notes must be made in accordance with an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the 
prospectus requirements of applicable securities laws. 
Securities legislation in certain provinces or territories of Canada may provide a purchaser with remedies for 
rescission or damages if this Base Prospectus (including any amendment thereto) contains a misrepresentation, 
provided that the remedies for rescission or damages are exercised by the purchaser within the time limit 
prescribed by the securities legislation of the purchaser’s province or territory. The purchaser should refer to 
any applicable provisions of the securities legislation of the purchaser’s province or territory for particulars of 
these rights or consult with a legal advisor. 
If applicable, pursuant to section 3A.3 (or, in the case of securities issued or guaranteed by the government of 
a non-Canadian jurisdiction, section 3A.4) of National Instrument 33-105 Underwriting Conflicts (NI 33-105), 
the Dealers are not required to comply with the disclosure requirements of NI 33-105 regarding underwriter 
conflicts of interest in connection with this offering. 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO THE USE OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS AND 
OFFERS OF NOTES GENERALLY 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any Notes in any 
jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or solicitation in such jurisdiction.  The 
distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes may be restricted by law in certain 
jurisdictions.  The Issuers, the Guarantor and the Dealers do not represent that this Base Prospectus may be 
lawfully distributed, or that any Notes may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any applicable registration 
or other requirements in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption available thereunder, or assume 
any responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or offering.  In particular, no action has been taken by 
the Issuers, the Guarantor or the Dealers which is intended to permit a public offering of any Notes or 
distribution of this Base Prospectus in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required.  Accordingly, 
no Notes may be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and neither this Base Prospectus nor any advertisement 
or other offering material may be distributed or published in any jurisdiction, except under circumstances that 
will result in compliance with any applicable laws and regulations.  Persons into whose possession this Base

--- Page 7 ---
7 
 
 
Prospectus or any Notes may come must inform themselves about, and observe, any such restrictions on the 
distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering and sale of Notes.  In particular, there are restrictions on 
the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes in the United States, the EEA (including 
Belgium, Sweden and the Republic of Finland), the UK, Switzerland, Singapore and Japan, see "Subscription 
and Sale". 
Notes issued as Green Bonds – None of the Arranger or Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates accepts 
any responsibility for any environmental or sustainability assessment of any Notes issued as Green Bonds or 
makes any representation or warranty or gives any assurance as to whether such Notes will meet any investor 
expectations or requirements regarding such "green" or similar labels (including in relation to Regulation (EU) 
2020/852 on the establishment of a framework to facilitate sustainable investment (the EU Taxonomy 
Regulation) and any related technical screening criteria, Regulation (EU) 2023/2631 on European Green 
Bonds and optional disclosures for bonds marketed as environmentally sustainable and for sustainability-
linked bonds (the EU Green Bond Regulation), Regulation (EU) 2019/2088 on sustainability-related 
disclosures in the financial services sector (SFDR) and any implementing legislation and guidelines, or any 
similar legislation in the UK) or any requirements of such labels as they may evolve from time to time. None 
of the Arranger or Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates have undertaken, nor are they responsible for, 
any assessment of the Eligible Green Assets (as defined in the "Use of Proceeds" section of this Base 
Prospectus), any verification of whether the Eligible Green Assets meet any eligibility criteria set out in the 
Framework (as defined in the "Use of Proceeds" section of this Base Prospectus) nor are they responsible for 
the use of proceeds (or amounts equal thereto)  for any Notes issued as Green Bonds, nor the impact or 
monitoring of such use of proceeds or the allocation of the proceeds to particular Eligible Green Assets. The 
Framework, the Second Party Opinion (as defined in the "Use of Proceeds" section of this Base Prospectus) 
and any public reporting by or on behalf of Castellum in respect of the application of proceeds will be available 
on Castellum’s website at https://www.castellum.com/investors/financing/green-bonds/ but, for the avoidance 
of doubt, will not be incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. None of the Arranger, the Dealers 
nor any of their respective affiliates make any representation as to the suitability or content of such materials. 
No representation or assurance is given by the Issuers, the Guarantor, the Arranger or any of the Dealers as to 
the suitability or reliability of any opinion or certification of any third party made available in connection with 
an issue of Notes issued as Green Bonds, nor is any such opinion or certification a recommendation by the 
Issuers, the Guarantor, the Arranger or any Dealer to buy, sell or hold any such Notes. In the event any such 
Notes are, or are intended to be, listed, or admitted to trading on a dedicated "green" or other equivalently-
labelled segment of a stock exchange or securities market, no representation or assurance is given by the 
relevant Issuer, the Guarantor, the Arranger or any of the Dealers that such listing or admission will be obtained 
or maintained for the lifetime of the Notes.

--- Page 8 ---
8 
 
 
PRESENTATION OF FINANCIAL AND OTHER INFORMATION 
Presentation of Financial Information 
Unless otherwise indicated, the financial information in this Base Prospectus relating to Castellum AB has 
been derived from the audited consolidated financial statements of Castellum AB for the financial years ended 
31 December 2023 and 31 December 2022 and the unaudited consolidated interim financial statements of 
Castellum AB for the three months ended 31 March 2024 (together, the Castellum AB Financial Statements). 
Castellum AB’s financial year ends on 31 December, and references in this Base Prospectus to any specific 
year are to the 12-month period ended on 31 December of such year.  The Castellum AB Financial Statements 
have been prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) issued by the 
International Accounting Standards Board (IASB).  
Unless otherwise indicated, the financial information in this Base Prospectus relating to Castellum Finance 
has been derived from the audited financial statements of Castellum Finance for the financial years ended 31 
December 2023 and 31 December 2022 (the Castellum Finance Financial Statements). 
Castellum Finance’s financial year ends on 31 December, and references in this Base Prospectus to any specific 
year are to the 12-month period ended on 31 December of such year. The Castellum Finance Financial 
Statements have been prepared in accordance with IFRS issued by the IASB.  
Certain terms used in this Base Prospectus and financial measures presented in the documents incorporated by 
reference are not recognised financial measures under IFRS (Alternative Performance Measures or APMs) 
and may therefore not be considered as an alternative to the financial measures defined in the accounting 
standards in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Castellum AB presents APMs because 
it believes that these and similar measures are used by certain investors, securities analysts and other interested 
parties as supplemental measures of performance and liquidity. The APMs may differ from company to 
company and therefore may not be comparable to other similarly titled measures of other companies. The 
APMs may also have limitations as analytical tools and should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute 
for analysis of the Group’s operating results as reported under IFRS. For definitions and further explanations 
of Alternative Performance Measures, see “Alternative Performance Measures and other Key Performance 
Indicators”, below. 
Certain Defined Terms and Conventions 
Capitalised terms which are used but not defined in any particular section of this Base Prospectus will have 
the meaning attributed to them in “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” or any other section of this Base 
Prospectus. In addition, the following terms as used in this Base Prospectus have the meanings defined below:  
References to: 
• 
DKK refer to Danish Krone; 
• 
NOK refer to Norwegian Krone; 
• 
SEK refer to Swedish Krona; and 
• 
EUR, euro and € refer to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic 
and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty establishing the European Community, as amended. 
References to a billion are to a thousand million.

--- Page 9 ---
9 
 
 
Certain figures and percentages included in this Base Prospectus have been subject to rounding adjustments; 
accordingly, figures shown in the same category presented in different tables may vary slightly and figures 
shown as totals in certain tables may not be an arithmetic aggregation of the figures which precede them. 
References to Castellum and the Group are to Castellum AB and its consolidated subsidiaries, including 
Castellum Finance.  
In this Base Prospectus, unless the contrary intention appears, a reference to a law or a provision of a law is a 
reference to that law or provision as extended, amended or re-enacted. 
SUITABILITY OF INVESTMENT 
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors.  Each potential investor in the Notes must 
determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances.  In particular, each potential 
investor may wish to consider, either on its own or with the help of its financial and other professional advisers, 
whether it: 
(i) 
has sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the merits and 
risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus or any applicable supplement; 
(ii) 
has access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its particular 
financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact the Notes will have on its overall 
investment portfolio; 
(iii) 
has sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Notes, 
including Notes where the currency for principal or interest payments is different from the potential 
investor’s currency; 
(iv) 
understands thoroughly the terms of the Notes and is familiar with the behaviour of financial markets; 
and 
(v) 
is able to evaluate possible scenarios for economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its 
investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments. The investment activities of certain investors 
are subject to investment laws and regulations, or review or regulation by certain authorities.  Each potential 
investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether and to what extent (1) Notes are legal 
investments for it, (2) Notes can be used as collateral for various types of borrowing and (3) other restrictions 
apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes.  Financial institutions should consult their legal advisers or the 
appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of Notes under any applicable risk-based capital 
or similar rules. 
STABILISATION 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in the applicable 
Final Terms may over-allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of 
the Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail.  However stabilisation may not 
necessarily occur.  Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public 
disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is made and, if begun, may cease at 
any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche 
of Notes and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche of Notes. Any stabilisation

--- Page 10 ---
10 
 
 
action or over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting 
on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws and rules.

--- Page 11 ---
11 
 
 
CONTENTS 
Page 
Overview of the Programme ............................................................................................................................ 12 
Risk Factors ...................................................................................................................................................... 18 
Documents Incorporated by Reference ............................................................................................................ 37 
Form of the Notes ............................................................................................................................................. 40 
Applicable Final Terms .................................................................................................................................... 44 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes .................................................................................................................. 58 
Use of Proceeds ................................................................................................................................................ 99 
Description of Castellum Helsinki Finance Holding Abp .............................................................................. 101 
Description of Castellum ................................................................................................................................ 103 
Alternative Performance Measures and other Key Performance Indicators .................................................. 128 
Taxation .......................................................................................................................................................... 134 
Subscription and Sale ..................................................................................................................................... 138 
General Information ....................................................................................................................................... 143

--- Page 12 ---
12 
 
 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety by, 
the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular Tranche 
of Notes, the applicable Final Terms.  The relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable) and any relevant 
Dealer(s) may agree that Notes shall be issued in a form other than that contemplated in the Terms and 
Conditions, in which event, and if appropriate, a new Base Prospectus or a supplement to the Base 
Prospectus, will be published. 
This Overview constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25(1) of 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No 2019/980. 
Words and expressions defined in “Form of the Notes” and “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” shall have 
the same meanings in this Overview. 
Issuers: 
Castellum AB 
Castellum Helsinki Finance Holding Abp  
Guarantor: 
Castellum AB, in respect of Notes issued by Castellum Helsinki 
Finance Holding Abp only 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 
Castellum AB: 549300GU5OHTR1T5IY68 
Castellum 
Helsinki 
Finance 
Holding 
Abp: 
743700WAF2AHZ4LRAR98  
Risk Factors: 
There are certain factors that may affect an Issuer’s ability to fulfil 
its obligations under Notes issued under the Programme. There 
are also certain factors that may affect the Guarantor’s ability to 
fulfil its obligations under the guarantee contained in the deed of 
guarantee dated 20 August 2021 (the Guarantee), if applicable.  
In addition, there are certain factors which are material for the 
purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes issued 
under the Programme and risks relating to the structure of a 
particular Series of Notes issued under the Programme.  These are 
set out under “Risk Factors”. 
Description: 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Arranger: 
J.P. Morgan SE 
Dealers: 
BNP Paribas 
 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited 
 
Danske Bank A/S 
 
J.P. Morgan SE 
 
Nordea Bank Abp 
 
Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ) 
 
Svenska Handelsbanken AB (publ) 
 
Swedbank AB (publ) 
 
and any other Dealers appointed in accordance with the 
Programme Agreement.

--- Page 13 ---
13 
 
 
Certain Restrictions: 
Each issue of Notes denominated in a currency in respect of which 
particular laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or reporting 
requirements apply will only be issued in circumstances which 
comply with such laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or 
reporting requirements from time to time (see “Subscription and 
Sale”), including the following restrictions applicable at the date 
of this Base Prospectus:  
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year 
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year will, if the proceeds 
of the issue are accepted in the UK, constitute deposits for the 
purposes of the prohibition on accepting deposits contained in 
section 19 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 
(FSMA) unless they are issued to a limited class of professional 
investors and have a denomination of at least £100,000 or its 
equivalent, see “Subscription and Sale”. 
Issuing and Principal Paying Agent: 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
Programme Size: 
Up to €3,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies 
calculated as described in the Programme Agreement) 
outstanding at any time.  The Issuers and the Guarantor may 
increase the amount of the Programme in accordance with the 
terms of the Programme Agreement. 
Distribution: 
Notes may be distributed by way of private or public placement 
and in each case on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. 
Currencies: 
Subject to any applicable legal or regulatory restrictions, Notes 
may be denominated in any currency agreed between the relevant 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer.  
Maturities: 
The Notes will have such maturities as may be agreed between 
the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer, subject to such 
minimum or maximum maturities as may be allowed or required 
from time to time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent 
body) or any laws or regulations applicable to the relevant Issuer 
or the relevant Specified Currency. 
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued on a fully-paid basis and at an issue price 
which is at par or at a discount to, or premium over, par. 
Form of Notes 
The Notes will be issued in either bearer or registered form as 
described in “Form of the Notes”. Registered Notes will not be 
exchangeable for Bearer Notes and vice versa. 
Fixed Rate Notes: 
Fixed interest will be payable on such date or dates as may be 
agreed between the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer and on 
redemption and will be calculated on the basis of such Day Count 
Fraction as may be agreed between the relevant Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer.

--- Page 14 ---
14 
 
 
Floating Rate Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest at a rate determined on the 
basis of the reference rate set out in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes in respect of each Interest Period, 
as agreed prior to issue by the relevant Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer, will be payable on such Interest Payment Dates, and will 
be calculated on the basis of such Day Count Fraction, as may be 
agreed between the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
 
The margin (if any) relating to such floating rate will be agreed 
between the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer for each Series 
of Floating Rate Notes. 
 
Floating Rate Notes may also have a maximum interest rate, a 
minimum interest rate or both. 
Benchmark Discontinuation: 
If a Benchmark Event (as defined below) occurs, such that any 
rate of interest (or any component part thereof) cannot be 
determined by reference to the original benchmark or screen rate 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, then such rate of interest 
may be substituted (subject to certain conditions) with a 
successor,  replacement or alternative benchmark and/or screen 
rate (with consequent amendment to the terms of such Series of 
Notes and the application of  an  Adjustment Spread (as defined 
below) (which could be positive, negative or zero)) as described 
in the  Terms and Conditions. 
Step Up Rating Change and/or Step 
Down Rating Change: 
The applicable Final Terms will specify whether a Step Up Rating 
Change and/or Step Down Rating Change will apply to the Notes, 
in which case the rate of interest in respect of the Notes may be 
subject to adjustment as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
See Condition 5.4 (Adjustment of Rate of Interest for Fixed Rate 
Notes and Floating Rate Notes). 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
Zero Coupon Notes will be offered and sold at a discount to their 
nominal amount and will not bear interest. 
Redemption: 
The applicable Final Terms will indicate either that the relevant 
Notes cannot be redeemed prior to their stated maturity (other 
than for taxation reasons or following an Event of Default) or that 
such Notes will be redeemable at the option of the relevant Issuer 
and/or the Noteholders and/or the Noteholders on a Change of 
Control, in each case upon giving notice to the Noteholders or the 
relevant Issuer, as the case may be, on a date or dates specified 
prior to such stated maturity and at a price or prices and on such 
other terms as may be agreed between the relevant Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer.   
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year may be subject to 
restrictions on their denomination and distribution, see “Certain 
Restrictions – Notes having a maturity of less than one year” 
above.

--- Page 15 ---
15 
 
 
Denomination of Notes: 
The Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be agreed 
between the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer save that the 
minimum denomination of each Note will be such amount as may 
be allowed or required from time to time by the relevant central 
bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or regulations applicable to 
the relevant Specified Currency, see ”Certain Restrictions – Notes 
having a maturity of less than one year” above, and save that the 
minimum denomination of each Note will be €100,000 (or, if the 
Notes are denominated in a currency other than euro, the 
equivalent amount in such currency). 
Taxation: 
All payments in respect of the Notes by or on behalf of the 
relevant Issuer or the Guarantor (as applicable) will be made 
without withholding or deduction for or on account of any present 
or future taxes or duties of whatever nature imposed or levied by 
or on behalf of any Tax Jurisdiction unless such withholding or 
deduction is required by law, as provided in Condition 8 
(Taxation).  In the event that any such withholding or deduction 
is made, the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor (as applicable) will, 
save in certain limited circumstances provided in Condition 8 
(Taxation), be required to pay additional amounts to cover the 
amounts so deducted. 
Negative Pledge: 
The terms of the Notes will contain a negative pledge provision 
as further described in Condition 4.1 (Negative Pledge). 
Financial Covenants: 
The terms of the Notes will contain certain financial covenants as 
further described in Condition 4.2 (Financial Covenants) 
Cross Default: 
The terms of the Notes will contain a cross default provision as 
further described in Condition 10 (Events of Default and 
Enforcement). 
Status of the Notes: 
The Notes will constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated 
and (subject to the provisions of Condition 4.1 (Negative Pledge)) 
unsecured obligations of the relevant Issuer and will rank pari 
passu among themselves and (save for any obligations required to 
be preferred by law) equally with all other unsecured obligations 
(other than subordinated obligations, if any) of the relevant Issuer, 
from time to time outstanding. 
Status of the Guarantee: 
Notes issued by Castellum Finance will be unconditionally and 
irrevocably guaranteed by the Guarantor. The obligations of the 
Guarantor 
under 
the 
Guarantee 
will 
constitute 
direct, 
unconditional, unsubordinated and (subject to the provisions of 
Condition 4.1 (Negative Pledge)) unsecured obligations of the 
Guarantor and (save for any obligations required to be preferred 
by law) will rank equally with all other unsecured obligations 
(other than subordinated obligations, if any) of the Guarantor, 
from time to time outstanding. 
Substitution: 
The terms of the Notes permit the substitution of the relevant 
Issuer, without the consent of the Noteholders, for a subsidiary of

--- Page 16 ---
16 
 
 
Castellum AB as principal debtor in respect of any Series of Notes 
issued under the Programme, subject to satisfaction of the 
conditions as described in Condition 16 (Substitution). 
Rating: 
The Programme has been rated Baa3 by Moody's.  Series of Notes 
issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated.  Where a 
Series of Notes is rated, such rating will be disclosed in the 
applicable Final Terms and will not necessarily be the same as the 
rating assigned to the Programme.  A security rating is not a 
recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject 
to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the 
assigning rating agency. 
Listing: 
Application has been made for Notes issued under the Programme 
to be admitted to the Official List and to trading on the Euronext 
Dublin Regulated Market. 
 
Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on 
other or further stock exchanges or markets agreed between the 
relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer in relation to the Series.  
Notes which are neither listed nor admitted to trading on any 
market may also be issued. 
 
The applicable Final Terms will state whether or not the relevant 
Notes are to be listed and/or admitted to trading and, if so, on 
which stock exchanges and/or markets. 
Governing Law: 
The Notes, the Guarantee and any non-contractual obligations 
arising out of or in connection with the Notes and the Guarantee 
will be governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, 
English law.  
Selling Restrictions: 
There are restrictions on the offer, sale and transfer of the Notes 
in the United States, the EEA (including Belgium, Sweden and 
the Republic of Finland), the UK, Switzerland, Singapore and 
Japan, and such other restrictions as may be required in 
connection with the offering and sale of a particular Tranche of 
Notes, see "Subscription and Sale".  
United States Selling Restrictions: 
Regulation S, Category 2. TEFRA C/TEFRA D/TEFRA not 
applicable, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Bearer Notes will be issued in compliance with U.S. Treas. Reg. 
§1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (or any successor rules in substantially the 
same form that are applicable for purposes of Section 4701 of the 
U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code) 
(TEFRA D) unless (i) the applicable Final Terms states that the 
Notes are issued in compliance with U.S. Treas. Reg. §1.163-
5(c)(2)(i)(C) (or any successor rules in substantially the same 
form that are applicable for purposes of Section 4701 of the Code) 
(TEFRA C) or (ii) the Notes are issued other than in compliance 
with TEFRA D or TEFRA C but in circumstances in which the 
Notes will not constitute “registration required obligations” under 
the United States Tax Equity and Fiscal Responsibility Act of

--- Page 17 ---
17 
 
 
1982 (TEFRA), which circumstances will be referred to in the 
applicable Final Terms as a transaction to which TEFRA is not 
applicable.

--- Page 18 ---
18 
 
 
RISK FACTORS 
Any investment in the Notes is subject to a number of risks. Prior to investing in the Notes, prospective investors 
should carefully consider the risk factors associated with any investment in the Notes, the business of the 
Group and the industry in which it operates together with all other information contained in this Base 
Prospectus, including, in particular, the risk factors described below. Words and expressions defined in the 
"Terms and Conditions of the Notes" below or elsewhere in this Base Prospectus have the same meanings in 
this section. 
In purchasing Notes, investors assume the risk that the relevant Issuer and, if applicable, the Guarantor, may 
become insolvent or otherwise be unable to make all payments due in respect of the Notes or under the 
Guarantee.  There are a wide range of factors which individually or together could result in an Issuer or, as 
the case may be, the Guarantor becoming unable to make all payments due.  It is not possible to identify all 
such factors or to determine which factors are most likely to occur, as the relevant Issuer and, if applicable, 
the Guarantor may not be aware of all relevant factors and certain factors which it currently deems not to be 
material may become material as a result of the occurrence of events outside the relevant Issuer's and, if 
applicable, the Guarantor’s, control.  The Issuers and, as the case may be, the Guarantor have identified in 
this Base Prospectus a number of factors which could materially adversely affect their business and ability to 
make payments due under the Notes or the Guarantee.   
In addition, factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes 
issued under the Programme are also described below. 
Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus and 
reach their own views prior to making any investment decision. 
FACTORS THAT MAY AFFECT THE GROUP AND THE ABILITY OF THE RELEVANT ISSUER 
TO FULFIL ITS OBLIGATIONS UNDER NOTES ISSUED UNDER THE PROGRAMME AND (IF 
APPLICABLE) THE ABILITY OF THE GUARANTOR TO FULFIL ITS OBLIGATIONS UNDER 
THE GUARANTEE   
Risks related to the Issuers, the Guarantor and the Group 
The Group's operations are affected by macroeconomic factors. 
Castellum owns and manages commercial properties in selected growth regions in Sweden, Denmark and 
Finland and its operations are therefore affected by macroeconomic factors that are beyond its control. These 
factors include but are not limited to growth measured as gross domestic product (GDP), inflation and possible 
deflation, as well as general difficulties in securing financing (or financing on terms acceptable to Castellum). 
For instance, weak economic growth has a negative impact on the demand for commercial premises, which in 
turn may lead to higher vacancy rates, declining market rents and foregone indexation income from existing 
leases. The risk of payment difficulties (or even bankruptcies) also increases, which has an immediate negative 
effect on cash flow. Limited access to capital due to general difficulties in securing financing (or financing on 
terms acceptable to Castellum), for example, impedes Castellum's ability to conduct its operations. General 
economic downturns may also have an adverse effect on the market value of Castellum's properties and its 
assets more generally, including its shareholding in Entra ASA (Entra). Additionally, global macroeconomic 
conditions may be adversely affected, for example, by political tensions, acts of war and/or expansion of 
sanctions, in particular as a result of the ongoing war between Russia and Ukraine and the military conflict in 
Israel and Gaza and the related hostile actions in the Red Sea. The prolongation of geopolitical tensions, 
sanctions and political uncertainty could negatively impact economic growth, business operations and real 
estate markets. This could have a material adverse effect on the financial performance and the cost of funding 
for Castellum. If any of these risks should materialise, it may have a materially adverse effect on Castellum's 
operations, earnings and financial position.

--- Page 19 ---
19 
 
 
Economies across Europe and globally are currently experiencing inflationary pressures. In response to 
persistently high inflation, central banks have raised interest rates which may stay higher for longer or even 
increase further if such inflationary pressures continue. Interest expenses represent Castellum's single largest 
cost item and any further significant increase in interest rates would increase the cost of funding of Castellum. 
Persistently high inflation may also have direct and indirect impact on tenants' business and tenants' ability to 
pay rent as they have less disposable income any may lead to an increase in defaults on rent payments. 
Indexation of leases, in addition to increases in energy costs, wages and sourcing, may reinforce cost pressure 
on tenants' business. In addition, inflationary pressure may negatively affect the cost of project developments 
and operating cost and may impact Castellum for instance in case of unlet space. Any such changes to interest 
rates and inflation may also adversely affect the market’s yield requirements and the market value of 
Castellum’s properties. If any of these risks should materialise, it may have a materially adverse effect on 
Castellum's operations, earnings and financial position.  
Supply and demand for properties, and therefore the yield on property investments, varies between different 
geographic markets and property categories, and can thus develop differently within such geographic markets 
and property categories. There is a risk that demand will fall and the market’s yield requirement will therefore 
increase within those geographic markets and property categories in which Castellum operates. This may have 
a material adverse impact on Castellum's operations, earnings and financial position.  
The commercial property sector is competitive and Castellum may have difficulties competing successfully 
in the future. 
Castellum operates in a competitive sector. Among other things, Castellum's competitiveness depends on its 
ability to attract and retain tenants, to anticipate future changes and trends in the sector, and to rapidly adapt 
to both current and future market needs. Furthermore, Castellum's competitors may have more resources at 
their disposal and may have the capacity to better withstand market downturns, to compete more successfully, 
to better retain skilled personnel, and to respond more rapidly to evolving tenant needs. Accordingly, Castellum 
may have to make investments, restructurings or price reductions in order to adapt to a changed competitive 
situation, for example through the renegotiation of lease terms. There is a risk that Castellum will not be able 
to successfully counteract the effects of competition. If Castellum is unable to successfully compete, this 
failure may materially impact on rent levels and vacancy rates, and Castellum's revenues could decline, which 
in turn may have a materially adverse impact on Castellum's operations, earnings and financial position. 
Castellum's income is dependent on tenants meeting their rental obligations.  
Castellum's income primarily comprises rental income from its properties. A failure by tenants to pay rents or 
otherwise to perform their obligations to Castellum may lead to lower rental income and increased bad debt 
losses. Castellum-specific factors may also affect the rental income negatively. For example bad customer care 
or property maintenance may result in unsatisfied customers and ultimately an increased vacancy rate which 
in turn will lead to lower rental income. There is also a risk that Castellum's tenants will not renew or extend 
their leases as they expire. Furthermore, there is a risk that it will not be possible to find new tenants, or that 
new tenants will not pay the same rents as the previous tenants, which may result in a higher vacancy rate and 
lower rental income.  If tenants fail to perform their obligations at all, for example in the event of bankruptcy, 
or only after debt collection measures have been taken, this may also result in loss of revenue and an increased 
vacancy rate, with lower property values as a consequence. If tenants fail to renew or extend their leases as 
they expire, or fail to pay agreed rents on time or otherwise fail to perform their obligations, this may have a 
material adverse impact on Castellum's operations, earnings and financial position.  
Operational business risks. 
For Castellum, the successful composition of its property portfolio is dependent on the properties in question 
having the right characteristics in terms of location and segment, and on the properties being able to meet 
customer preferences and technology requirements over time.

--- Page 20 ---
20 
 
 
The performance of Castellum's property portfolio may be affected by a flaw in its geographical distribution, 
i.e. by Castellum owning properties in the wrong submarket or in the wrong city or location with regard to 
future growth and strong ongoing urbanisation trends, or by Castellum owning properties that do not meet 
evolving customer preferences, technology requirements, micro-location, demand or flexibility of use and 
contractual flexibility. Trends and demand may also change over time and it may not be possible to accurately 
predict future developments. For example, it remains to be seen how the growing demand for flexible working 
will affect the general demand for properties, both in terms of desired specifications and location of properties 
and rental volumes and vacancies more generally. Properties that cannot meet such requirements over time 
entail a higher risk of increased vacancies, which in turn may precipitate a decline in the value of the property 
in question, or a need on the part of Castellum to make costly investments. In addition, Castellum's property 
portfolio is divided into five segments. If Castellum makes inaccurate judgements regarding which regions 
and segments have the right characteristics for continued holding of portfolio properties, or if Castellum does 
not succeed in ensuring that its properties meet customer demand over time despite the fact that they are located 
in regions and exist within segments that have the right characteristics with regard to economic growth, rental 
market conditions, collaborative climate and infrastructure connections, this may have a materially adverse 
effect on Castellum's operations, earnings and financial position.  
Increasing operating and maintenance costs may affect Castellum's financial position.  
Castellum's operating expenses mainly comprise tariff-based costs such as costs for heating, electricity, water 
and waste. There are a limited number of suppliers in respect of some of these utilities and services, which 
could result in an increased cost to Castellum. Notwithstanding that some of Castellum's leases are structured 
in such a manner that the tenant defrays a significant part of these costs, there may be a material adverse impact 
on Castellum's operations, earnings and financial position in case that it is not possible to receive increased 
rental payments to cover any such increased costs incurred by Castellum.  
Measures aimed at maintaining the standard of Castellum's properties in the long-term and/or modernising 
properties require maintenance and renovation expenditures. Such expenditures as are necessary to satisfy 
market or legal requirements may be significant and unforeseen. There is a risk that, in respect of large-scale 
operating expenses, maintenance or renovation work, it may not be possible to (i) pass on the associated costs 
to Castellum's tenants through increased rents or (ii) receive compensation through insurance indemnification. 
This may have a material adverse impact on Castellum's operations, earnings and financial position.  
Business disruptions and operational shortcomings in Castellum's IT systems or control systems may have 
a negative impact on its operations. 
All operational activities are subject to the risk of incurring losses due to deficient routines and/or the business 
being detrimentally affected by disruptions caused by shortcomings or internal or external events, such as, but 
not limited to, cyber-security breaches. The term operating risk refers mainly to the risk of financial 
consequences and consequences related to the loss of trust which ensue from such shortcomings in internal 
routines and systems, including IT systems. Operational certainty, achieved through sound internal control, 
appropriate administrative systems and access to reliable valuation and risk models, is required to mitigate 
such risks and reduce the risk to Castellum's administrative security and control. Castellum's ability to 
effectively run its organisation and to maintain effective internal control depends on having a functional IT 
environment and IT operations, and on having control systems that are integrated throughout the entire 
organisation. Failures or disruptions in Castellum's IT systems or control systems may also impact Castellum's 
ability to submit correct financial reports or to submit such reports in a timely manner, both internal and 
external. To the extent that Castellum experiences a serious failure or disruption in any of its systems or some 
other technological resource or experiences a cyber-security breach, it may be rendered incapable of effectively 
running and managing its operations. Business disruptions and shortcomings in operational security including 
serious failures and disruptions in Castellum's IT systems or control systems may also impact its customer 
relationships, reputation, risk management and profitability, which may in turn have a materially adverse effect 
on Castellum's operations, earnings and financial position.

--- Page 21 ---
21 
 
 
Defects in or damage to Castellum's properties may result in unforeseen costs. 
There are risks associated with the technical operation of properties, such as the risk of structural defects, other 
defects or deficiencies, damage (for example, through fire or other forces of nature) and contamination. 
Climate change also presents a risk of property damage caused by weather conditions, increased water levels 
and changes in other physical environments that affect real estate. These risks could increase in the long run 
and this could mean increased investment requirements for properties located in vulnerable areas, to prevent 
such properties from becoming obsolete. Although Castellum seeks to invest in properties of a sound technical 
standard, there remains a risk that unforeseen costs could arise. In the event that such technical problems arise 
and the costs cannot be fully or partially covered by insurance, this may have a material adverse impact on 
Castellum's operations, earnings and financial position. 
 
Property valuation relies on factors which are subject to change.  
Castellum is exposed to changes in the market value of its property portfolio. Castellum reports its property 
holdings at fair value in accordance with IAS 40 Investment Property, such that the book value in respect of 
the Group’s properties corresponds to their assessed market value. Castellum uses an internal valuation process 
to assess the market value of its properties. In addition to this internal valuation, an external valuation is also 
carried out each year by independent appraisers in respect of approximately 50 per cent. by value of 
Castellum’s portfolio. There is still a risk that the valuation of some of the properties may be incorrect or may 
decline over time. The value of the properties is affected by, and any assessment made in the light of, a number 
of factors such as market supply, vacancy rate, rent level and operating expenses, residual value, yield 
requirement, general economic trends, interest rates and inflation. In particular, if interest rates continue to 
increase this will put pressure on portfolio yields, putting market values at risk of decline. There is no guarantee 
that there will be a liquid market for Castellum’s properties going forward. There is a risk that changes in any 
of these factors may have a negative effect on property values. This could have a material adverse impact on 
Castellum's earnings and financial position (for example, large write downs could negatively affect 
Castellum’s loan to value ratio, as defined under "Alternative Performance Measures and other Key 
Performance Indicators", below) as well as credit rating.  
Property transactions involve uncertainties which could adversely impact Castellum's business.  
Property transactions represent an important part of Castellum's business operations. Property transactions also 
entail inherent risks concerning uncertainties and there is a risk that Castellum may be (i) unable to find suitable 
acquisition properties, (ii) unable to finance property acquisitions on terms acceptable to Castellum or (iii) that 
desired property sales cannot be completed on terms acceptable to Castellum. All property transactions are 
associated with uncertainty and assumptions. The market's yield requirement, future vacancies, the tenants' 
payment capability, environmental conditions as well as technical defects constitute some of the uncertain 
elements associated with property transactions. Any of these factors may have a material adverse impact on 
Castellum's operations, financial position and earnings.  
In addition, property-owning and property-acquiring companies are exposed to risks in relation to non-
identified risks linked to businesses that are acquired, either because of a lack of information or due to the fact 
that assumptions made may turn out to be erroneous. For example, there may be difficulties integrating 
operations and employees, tenants may be lost, the accounts of the acquired business may be erroneous and/or 
the business may be the subject of unforeseen environmental or tax claims.  When an acquisition or investment 
includes expansion into a new geographical market in which Castellum has limited or no experience it may 
also increase Castellum’s operational risk, as well as its financial risk including increased exposure to changes 
in currencies and funding conditions. Furthermore, other circumstances may exist that have an adverse impact 
on the value of the business or property being acquired. Notwithstanding the fact that, prior to each investment, 
Castellum makes an evaluation aimed at identifying and, if possible, mitigating the risks that may be associated

--- Page 22 ---
22 
 
 
with the investment, there remains a risk that future businesses or properties that are added through acquisitions 
may have a material adverse impact on Castellum's operations, earnings and financial position.  
In several of the sales agreements entered into by Castellum, the purchaser may present warranty claims, such 
as that the property's use has deviated from an applicable zoning plan in violation of stipulated warranties; 
that, contrary to stipulated warranties, all charges relating to road construction/ maintenance costs and 
connection fees relating to the period prior to the completion date have not been paid in full; or that, contrary 
to stipulated warranties concerning the property, a public authority order to take measures has not been 
performed in full prior to the completion date. While Castellum has not been the subject of any material 
unsettled warranty claims with respect to sold properties and companies in the last few years, there is a risk 
that any claims in the future may have a material adverse impact on Castellum's business, financial position 
and earnings. Correspondingly, there is a risk that the possibility of obtaining compensation in the case of a 
warranty claim will be limited if an acquisition was made from a vendor which is, or will be, in financial 
difficulties or if there is a cap in respect of the amount of compensation that may be claimed – this may 
contribute to increased uncertainty and increased costs for Castellum, which in turn may have a material 
adverse impact on its operations, earnings and financial position.  
Castellum may sell properties for a variety of reasons including to optimise its capital structure, adapt its 
property portfolio to the needs of customers or to finance its investments, for instance the purchase of new 
properties or new constructions, extensions and reconstructions. Castellum may not be able to sell properties 
at prices that reflect their current book value or at all. If Castellum is unable to generate proceeds through 
disposals, or if there is a material delay in effecting disposals, this may adversely impact liquidity and cash 
flow. As such, Castellum is dependent on a liquid property market, a matter which in turn depends on a number 
of different factors, such as macroeconomic conditions, changes in the financial position of potential buyers 
and their prospects for securing financing, changes in domestic or international economic conditions, and 
changes to legislation, regulations or tax policy in Sweden, Denmark and Finland. An illiquid property market 
may therefore have a materially adverse effect on Castellum's operations, earnings and financial position. 
Project development poses risks to Castellum. 
The construction, refurbishment and extension of properties constitute a part of Castellum's regular business 
operations. Project development is inherently associated with uncertainties and risks as regards costs and 
delays (among other things). Major projects can involve significant investments, which may lead to an 
increased credit risk if tenants fail to perform their obligations to pay rent and Castellum is unable to find other 
tenants for the premises in question, if Castellum fails to let the premises upon completion of a project, or if 
the demand or price of properties generally changes during the course of a project. Furthermore, although 
Castellum monitors development projects closely, projects may be delayed, become more expensive or the 
quality may not be as expected, which may result in increased costs or reduced income. In particular, increasing 
refurbishment and maintenance repair costs may arise, for example, from increasing legal requirements for 
energy efficiency, or due to inflation, increased energy costs or supply constraints which may drive up prices 
and costs. In addition, Castellum may be dependent on procuring the necessary public authority permits, 
permits and other licences for carrying out property development projects or carrying out its operations 
generally. There is a risk that Castellum will not succeed in implementing its property projects, which may 
have a material adverse impact on its operations, earnings and financial position.  
Loss of key personnel may undermine Castellum's operations.  
Castellum's business and financial performance is dependent on experienced employees possessing relevant 
skills. Such key individuals are included among senior executives as well as the Group's employees in general. 
Castellum’s success is, to a large extent, dependent on its ability to recruit, motivate and retain qualified 
personnel at every level of its organisation. Castellum has in the past two years experienced changes within 
the Group including in the composition of its Executive Group Management and there may be a risk that, over 
time, Castellum is unable to retain or recruit qualified personnel to the desired extent. Any disruption caused

--- Page 23 ---
23 
 
 
by the departure of one or more key individuals, including any delay in securing highly skilled replacements, 
could have an impact on Castellum's ability to implement its strategy in the near-term which could have a 
material adverse impact on Castellum's operations, earnings and financial position.  
Castellum could incur losses not covered by, or exceeding the coverage limits of, its insurance.  
Castellum's management believes that its risks are covered by appropriate insurance coverage in line with 
market practice. Castellum has insurance policies, for example, in respect of property, business interruption 
and liability for damages. However, the actual losses suffered by Castellum could exceed its insurance 
coverage and could be material. Furthermore, certain types of risks (such as war, acts of terror, cyber security, 
insufficient preparation in the event of natural disasters or extreme weather events, such as floods) may be or 
may in the future be impossible or too costly for Castellum to insure itself against. If damage should occur to 
a property and subsequently lead to tenants terminating or not renewing their leases, there is also a risk that 
Castellum's insurance cover will not cover the consequent loss of rental income. If uninsured damage should 
occur, or if a damage event should exceed the insurance cover, Castellum may lose the capital invested in the 
property in question as well as future revenues from such property. Furthermore, Castellum may become liable 
to repair damage caused by uninsured risks. Castellum may also become liable for debts and other financial 
obligations with regard to damaged buildings. The realisation of one or more damaging events for which 
Castellum has no insurance coverage or for which Castellum's insurance coverage is insufficient could have a 
material adverse effect on Castellum's business, financial condition and results of operations. 
Interests of Castellum's shareholders may conflict with those of the holders of the Notes. 
The interests of Castellum's shareholders, in certain circumstances, may conflict with those of the holders of 
the Notes, particularly if Castellum encounters financial difficulties or is unable to pay its debts when due. In 
addition, Castellum's shareholders may have an interest in pursuing acquisitions, divestitures, financings or 
other transactions that, in their judgment, could enhance their equity investments, even though such 
transactions might involve risks to the holders of the Notes. Any of these actions could have an adverse effect 
on Castellum's operations, earnings, financial position and future prospects.  
Castellum has a holding company structure in which Castellum AB’s subsidiaries conduct the Group’s 
operations and own all the Group’s properties.  
Castellum AB has no significant assets other than the equity interests in and receivables vis-à-vis its 
subsidiaries. As a result, its ability to make required payments under the Notes or the Guarantee (as the case 
may be) depends on the performance of its subsidiaries and their ability to distribute funds to it. Such cash 
flows will depend on the business and financial condition of each of its subsidiaries. In addition, the ability of 
certain subsidiaries to pay dividends and distributions may be limited by applicable laws and any indebtedness 
those subsidiaries have incurred. If for any reason Castellum AB's subsidiaries do not pay any dividends or 
distributions, or do so irregularly, its ability to make required payments under the Notes or the Guarantee (as 
the case may be) may be adversely affected.  
Further, Castellum AB's right to receive payment of provided financing from the liquidation of one of its 
subsidiaries, and therefore the right of Noteholders to participate in those proceeds, will be structurally 
subordinated to the claims of other creditors of that subsidiary (see “The claims of holders of the Notes are 
structurally subordinated”, below). In addition, even if Castellum AB is a creditor of any of its subsidiaries, 
its rights as a creditor would be subordinated to any existing security interest in the assets of such subsidiary. 
Financial risks  
Castellum may not be able to refinance its existing loans on competitive terms or at all.  
External borrowing accounts form a large part of Castellum's supply of capital. As these loans mature, they 
must be repaid, extended or renewed in order to secure Castellum's need for long-term financing and liquidity.

--- Page 24 ---
24 
 
 
Castellum is continuously engaged in the renegotiation of credit facilities and the addition of new facilities as 
needed. The conditions for Castellum refinancing loan facilities as they expire depend on access to financing 
at the time and Castellum's financial position. Although Castellum has access to long-term financing at the 
moment, it is possible that Castellum may in future breach the financial obligations pursuant to its credit 
agreements, which may cause the lenders in question to terminate the agreements. In the event that Castellum 
is unable to secure refinancing or can only obtain refinancing at substantially increased costs, this may have a 
material adverse impact on Castellum's operations, earnings and financial position.   
Castellum is dependent on its long-term credit rating to pursue its financing strategy 
Castellum has sought and obtained a long-term issuer credit rating of Baa3 by Moody’s. If Castellum's long-
term credit rating was to be downgraded, future issuances of unsecured bonds and notes may become 
significantly more expensive or may not be possible in the targeted amounts. Moody’s could downgrade 
Castellum's long-term issuer credit rating if, for example, the value of Castellum's unencumbered assets or its 
fixed charge coverage ratio was not to reach certain levels, or Castellum’s effective leverage (adjusted total 
debt divided by total assets) was to exceed certain levels, both on a sustained basis, or Castellum was unable 
to maintain an adequate liquidity profile at all times or its debt maturity schedule was shortened. If any of the 
risks described above were to materialise, this could potentially have an impact on both the cost and 
accessibility of new funding and it could be more difficult for Castellum to pursue its current funding strategy, 
which could have a material adverse effect on the Group's operations, earnings and financial position. 
Fluctuations in market interest rates and loan margins may adversely affect Castellum's business. 
Castellum's operations are primarily financed through equity and interest-bearing debts. Interest expenses 
represent Castellum's single largest cost item. As a consequence, Castellum is exposed to the risk of changes 
in market interest rates and loan margins.  The risk is also affected by the strategy Castellum chooses in respect 
of fixed–interest periods. Increased interest expenses may have a material adverse impact on Castellum's 
operations, earnings and financial position. 
Changes in the value of financial derivative instruments may result in losses for Castellum.  
Castellum has a large number of loans with short fixed-interest periods and uses interest rate derivatives 
(mainly interest rate swaps) as an element in the management of interest-rate risk. Interest rate derivatives are 
regularly reported at fair value in the balance sheet, with changes in value being reported in the income 
statement. In the event that market rates fall, the market value of Castellum's interest rate derivatives will 
decrease, which may have a material adverse impact on Castellum's operations, earnings and financial position.  
Castellum is exposed to credit and counterparty risk. 
There is a risk that Castellum's counterparties within its financing operations will fail to perform their financial 
obligations to Castellum. Castellum's financing activities include, among other things, the execution of long 
and short-term loan agreements, the execution of interest rate derivatives, as well as the investment of liquidity 
surpluses through cash and deposits in banks. There is a risk that Castellum's counterparties will fail to perform 
their financial obligations to Castellum, which may have a material adverse impact on Castellum's operations, 
earnings and financial position. 
Breach of financial covenants may lead to Castellum's creditors accelerating its loans.  
Castellum's bank loan agreements usually include both financial and other covenants. Such covenants may, 
for example, relate to an interest-coverage ratio or loan volumes relative to the fair value of Castellum's 
properties.

--- Page 25 ---
25 
 
 
As security for bank loans, Castellum may grant mortgages over certain properties or security interests in 
intragroup claims against subsidiaries, or Castellum may pledge shares in its subsidiaries, or provide 
guarantees.  
In the event that Castellum breaches its financial covenants in a loan agreement, this may lead to the 
acceleration of loans or to credit institutions having recourse to pledged assets, which may have a material 
adverse impact on Castellum's operations, earnings and financial position.  
A change in the ownership of Castellum AB could result in the requirement for Castellum to repay under 
the terms of its existing financing agreements and Notes issued under the Programme and adversely affect 
its ability to secure subsequent refinancing.  
If, for whatever reason, an individual investor or specific group of investors were to form a controlling majority 
shareholder in Castellum AB (or lower thresholds, for example in the case of certain loan agreements, an 
investor or a specific group of investors were to own shares representing more than 30 per cent. of the voting 
capital in Castellum AB), this could trigger terms in loan agreements or other instruments that result in the 
termination or repayment of such agreements or instruments or a need to renegotiate them. Such provisions 
are included in Castellum AB's domestic MTN programme (the Domestic MTN Programme), some loan 
agreements in place with lenders and the Programme. Furthermore, such an event could result in a changed 
credit rating of Castellum AB. In the event of such changes in ownership, Castellum's ability to secure 
refinancing may be adversely affected, which could indirectly affect the Group's ownership of properties and 
therefore have a material adverse impact on the Group's operations, earnings and financial position.  
The terms and conditions of the notes issued under the Domestic MTN Programme stipulate that Noteholders 
are entitled to early redemption if one or more shareholders, individually or jointly, directly or indirectly, were 
to own shares representing more than 50 per cent. of the voting capital in Castellum AB. For Notes issued 
under the Programme, there is a similar provision set out at Condition 7.6 (Redemption at the option of the 
Noteholders upon a Change of Control (Change of Control Put)) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, 
which provides for a change of control where one or more persons acting together acquire shares representing 
more than 50 per cent. of the voting capital in Castellum AB and includes (in summary) the added requirement 
for a downgrade in Castellum AB's credit rating following the relevant change of control before Noteholders 
are entitled to early redemption. Given this difference in the change of control event and the additional credit 
rating downgrade requirement, there is a risk to Noteholders that creditors under existing financings may 
exercise their right to repayment ahead of Noteholders in the event that the change of control under the 
Programme is not triggered, for example because there has not been a credit rating downgrade following a 
change in controlling ownership of Castellum AB. This could result in the claim for repayment by Noteholders 
on a subsequent winding up of Castellum AB being prejudiced as other unsecured creditors under existing 
financings may have been repaid prior to the Noteholders' claim, thereby reducing the assets available to 
Castellum AB to satisfy such claims by the Noteholders. 
Major unforeseen payment obligations may impact on Castellum's liquidity. 
Major payment obligations may arise in conjunction with the refinancing of loans in the event that lenders 
demand a lower loan-to-value ratio or if the relevant property falls in value following the drawing of the 
relevant loan by Castellum. In addition, Castellum's payment obligations primarily comprise operating 
expenses, such as costs for heating, electricity, water and refuse collection, agreed maintenance charges, 
investments in project development and other investments, as well as interest on, and the repayment of, debts. 
Major unforeseen payment obligations may arise for Castellum, and there remains a possibility of non-payment 
to Castellum of large rent amounts. There is a risk that Castellum's liquidity will be insufficient to cover the 
performance of its payment obligations, which may have a material adverse impact on Castellum's operations, 
earnings and financial position.

--- Page 26 ---
26 
 
 
Movements in exchange rates may adversely affect Castellum's business.  
The Swedish krona is Castellum's reporting currency, but the Group also has revenues, expenses, assets and 
liabilities in currencies other than the Swedish krona. Castellum's currency exposure is currently limited to the 
Danish krone, the Euro and the Norwegian krone and relates to the properties that the Group owns in Denmark 
and Finland and a shareholding in Entra. Currency exposure arises in connection with the purchase and sale of 
goods and services in currencies other than the local currency of Castellum's relevant subsidiary, as well as 
dividend payments (transaction exposure), and the translation into Swedish krona of the balance sheets and 
income statements of the relevant foreign subsidiaries that are reported in foreign currency (translation 
exposure). In cases where currency derivatives are used, Castellum typically practices hedge accounting for 
net investments in foreign operations. Castellum's interest rate derivatives or currency derivatives change in 
value in the event of changes in the exchange rate between DKK and SEK and EUR and SEK and NOK and 
SEK.  Accordingly, Castellum is exposed to exchange rates movements that could affect its income statement 
and balance sheet, which may have a material adverse impact on Castellum's operations, earnings and financial 
position. 
Legal risks  
Changes in legislation may adversely affect the Group's results of operations and increase its costs 
Castellum's operations are subject to Swedish, Danish and Finnish laws and regulations, relating to for example 
construction documents and zoning, building standards, safety and protection regulations, health and 
environmental regulations, regulations concerning permitted construction materials, building classifications 
and rental legislation.  Castellum is subject to legal restrictions in connection with the structuring of property 
transactions, and may become subject to additional such restrictions in the future. In addition, Castellum's 
operations may be affected by regional and supranational regulatory frameworks such as EU legislation.  There 
is a risk of non-compliance with existing regulatory frameworks, which may result in sanctions being imposed 
on Castellum.  Further, new legislation and other regulatory frameworks may be implemented in the future, 
and existing legislation and other regulatory frameworks may change and there is a risk that Castellum will be 
unable to comply with such changed requirements without having to implement far-reaching measures and 
incurring significant costs.  Adapting Castellum's operations to correspond with these legal requirements may 
cause Castellum to incur additional costs, which in turn may have a materially adverse effect on Castellum's 
operations, earnings and financial position. 
Castellum is subject to future possible change in tax laws and regulations. 
Castellum operates in multiple jurisdictions. Castellum's operations are affected from time to time by 
applicable rules regarding corporate tax, value added tax, stamp duty and property tax in the jurisdictions in 
which Castellum operates. Castellum’s operations are also affected by other state and municipal fees. 
Castellum conducts its operations in accordance with Castellum's interpretation of applicable tax laws and 
regulations, which means that there is a risk that Castellum's interpretation is incorrect or that applicable tax 
laws and regulations may be amended with possible retroactive effect. In addition, future changes to applicable 
tax laws and regulations may significantly affect the conditions for Castellum's operations, earnings and 
financial position. 
The EU countries have agreed on the implementation of the directive on ensuring a global minimum level of 
taxation for multinational groups (the Pillar Two Directive).  The directive has been implemented in the EU 
Member States by 31 December 2023 and it is applied from 1 January 2024, and introduces a global minimum 
tax rate of 15 per cent. on companies’ income regardless of where in the world they operate.  The rules apply 
to multinational groups with a turnover of at least EUR 750 million. Although the global minimum tax rate is 
lower than the national tax rate, this may lead to a ‘top-up tax’, since the taxable profit in some cases is 
calculated in a way that differs from the national tax rules. Sweden, Denmark and Finland implemented the 
Pillar Two Directive into domestic legislation in December 2023.  The legislation may affect the taxation of

--- Page 27 ---
27 
 
 
Castellum and Castellum may be subject to additional taxes, if, for example, the tax rate of Castellum would 
be deemed to be lower than the global minimum rate of 15 per cent. 
On 31 March 2022, the Swedish Mapping, Cadastral and Land Registration Authority (Sw. Lantmäteriet) 
presented its report “Stamp duty on the acquisition of real property through land parcelling procedures”, in 
which it is proposed that stamp duty should be levied on (i) acquisitions in accordance with the 
Land Code (1970:994) (Sw. jordabalken) followed by property formation, (ii) acquisitions through property 
reallotment (Sw. fastighetsregleringsförvärv), and (iii) acquisitions through partition (Sw. klyvningsförvärv). 
It is further proposed that the stamp duty levied on acquisitions through partition (Sw. klyvningsförvärv) shall 
be calculated based on the market value of the acquired property. The Swedish Mapping, Cadastral and Land 
Registration Authority (Sw. Lantmäteriet) has assessed that the proposal requires further investigation before 
a legislative amendment can be implemented and it is therefore difficult to predict when a final legislative 
proposal may be presented, what form such a proposal will take and when new rules on stamp duty may enter 
into force. There is a risk that the introduction of a general stamp duty obligation on certain acquisitions 
through land parcelling procedures could result in higher stamp duty costs for Castellum on such acquisitions. 
However, any new rules are not expected to have retroactive effect and acquisitions through land parcelling 
procedures commenced prior to such rules enter into force are therefore not expected to be affected. 
On 1 March 2023, the Finnish Income Tax Act (1535/1992) (the Finnish Income Tax Act) was amended.  
The taxation of income from the transfer of real estate was extended to cover indirect transfers. Under the new 
law, Finland is entitled to tax in situations where a foreign company sells a company that owns shares in a 
Finnish real estate company or Finnish real estate. Pursuant to the amendment to the Finnish Income Tax Act, 
income from Finland includes gains from the disposal of shares, participations or rights in a company, 
association or group of assets managed on behalf of another person, if the assets of the company, associations 
or group of assets, consist directly or indirectly of more than 50 per cent. of real property situated in Finland 
on the date of the disposal or any of the 365 days preceding the disposal, and the transferred shares, units or 
similar rights are not listed on a trading venue. As a result of the amendment, there is a risk that Castellum will 
be subject to Finnish capital gains taxation upon the sale of a holding company that owns shares in a Finnish 
real estate company. 
On 1 January 2024, the lower limit of the real estate tax rate for land was increased from 0.93 per cent. to 1.3 
per cent. Furthermore, the Finnish real estate taxation regime is intended to be reformed so that the tax values 
better reflect the price level and construction costs in different areas. As the tax values of real estate would for 
the most part increase, the lower and upper limits of municipal real estate tax rates are intended to be lowered 
accordingly. The aim of the reform is not to raise or lower the real estate tax, but the tax burden would be 
partly distributed in a new way between various properties. As a result, the tax on an individual property could 
rise or fall. The reform is part of the programme of the Finnish Government and it is expected that the 
government proposal concerning the reform will be published during Q2 2024. 
The Danish real estate valuation and taxation system is under reconstruction, and the taxation of all properties 
is preliminary until the final announcements of the property value assessments have been made. When the 
preliminary property value assessments are replaced by final property value assessments, the property taxes 
will be adjusted retrospectively. It is expected that the final Danish property value assessments on commercial 
properties will be announced in 2025 or 2026. 
There can be no assurance that tax rates will not be increased in the future or that the changes described above 
or other changes in tax laws/regulations will not occur which will affect the ownership of real estate properties 
or real estate transactions resulting in unforeseen or higher tax liabilities. If any such risks materialise, it could 
have a material adverse impact on Castellum's operations, earnings and financial position.  
Disputes and legal proceedings could have a material adverse effect on Castellum.  
This risk relates to the costs that the Group may incur as a consequence of being party to legal proceedings, 
settlement costs, as well as costs in respect of awarded damages and other obligations which may be imposed

--- Page 28 ---
28 
 
 
on Castellum. Companies within the Group may, from time to time, become involved in disputes within the 
scope of normal business operations and run the risk, similarly to other companies within Castellum's industry, 
of being the subject of claims with respect to, for example, contractual issues, warranty claims, alleged errors 
in the provision of services, environmental issues and intellectual property rights. Such disputes and claims 
may be time-consuming, disrupt normal operations, involve large amounts, detrimentally affect customer 
relations and result in significant costs. In the event such disputes arise and Castellum is held liable in damages 
or enters into a settlement agreement, there is a risk that claims will not be covered in full by Castellum's 
insurance. In addition, the outcome of complicated disputes may be difficult to predict. Potential disputes and 
legal proceedings brought against Castellum may have a material adverse impact on Castellum's operations, 
earnings and financial position.  
Environmental risks and related regulatory risks.  
Castellum is subject to extensive and increasingly stringent environmental, health and safety legislation and 
regulations relating to its acquisition, ownership, possession and management of properties. Properties affect 
the environment through their construction, on-going maintenance and through the activities conducted within 
them. According to the Swedish Environmental Code (Miljöbalken (SFS 1998:808)), persons who pursue 
activities that have contributed to contamination are responsible for remedying any harm caused. In 
Castellum's case, it would normally be its tenants who are pursuing such activities. However, if the person 
pursuing the activity is unable to investigate, carry out or defray the cost of remediation, responsibility for the 
investigation and after-treatment may be imposed on a party that has acquired the property after 31 December 
1998 and, at the time of the acquisition, was aware or should have been aware of the contamination. 
Furthermore, by acquiring a business and/or a company, a party may assume responsibility for environmental 
liability for contaminations which the operations and the businesses previously have contributed to. Thus, 
Castellum could be held liable for contaminations caused by operations acquired through previous business 
and real estate transfers. Responsibility may also be imposed on Castellum as a developer if actions for the 
development cause existing contaminations to spread to surrounding areas. Accordingly, there is a risk that in 
certain circumstances claims may be brought against Castellum for investigations, remedying and monitoring 
contamination or for the clean-up of contamination that has taken place, in order to maintain or restore 
properties to a condition that complies with the Environmental Code. In the event such liability is imposed on 
Castellum, it may have a material adverse impact on its operations, earnings and financial position.  
Harm to Castellum's reputation may have a negative impact on its competitiveness, consume the time and 
resources of Castellum management, and give rise to additional costs. 
Castellum's ability to attract and retain tenants is to a certain extent dependent on its reputation, including the 
positive reputation of its trademarks and business name, as a consequence of which its operations are sensitive 
to risks related to reputational harm. For instance, Castellum's reputation may be adversely affected by 
rumours, negative publicity or other factors that could lead to Castellum no longer being considered as being 
a competent and reputable operator on the market. If Castellum's reputation should deteriorate, or if Castellum 
should experience negative publicity, this may reduce Castellum's competitiveness, take up the time and 
resources of Castellum’s management and impose additional costs on Castellum, which may have a materially 
adverse effect on Castellum's potential to achieve its growth targets and its operations, earnings and financial 
position. Similarly, there is a risk that a third party may challenge the validity of Castellum’s trademark 
registrations or right to use its distinctive marks. Defending itself in proceedings regarding the validity of 
distinctive marks or registrations may be costly and, in the event Castellum is required to cease using its 
business names or valuable trademarks, this may have a material adverse impact on Castellum's operations, 
earnings and financial position.

--- Page 29 ---
29 
 
 
FACTORS WHICH ARE MATERIAL FOR THE PURPOSE OF ASSESSING THE MARKET RISKS 
ASSOCIATED WITH NOTES ISSUED UNDER THE PROGRAMME 
Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes 
A range of Notes may be issued under the Programme.  A number of these Notes may have features which 
contain particular risks for potential investors.  Set out below is a description of the most common such features 
which may occur in relation to any Notes: 
If the relevant Issuer has the right to redeem any Notes at its option, this may limit the market value of the 
Notes concerned and an investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a manner which 
achieves a similar effective return.  
An optional redemption feature is likely to limit the market value of Notes. During any period when the 
relevant Issuer may elect to redeem Notes, the market value of those Notes generally will not rise substantially 
above the price at which they can be redeemed.  This also may be true prior to any redemption period. 
The relevant Issuer may be expected to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate 
on the Notes.  At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at 
an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only be able to do 
so at a significantly lower rate. Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other 
investments available at that time. 
If the Notes include a feature to convert the interest basis from a fixed rate to a floating rate, or vice versa, 
this may affect the secondary market and the market value of the Notes concerned. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes are Notes which bear interest at a rate that converts from a fixed rate to a floating 
rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed rate.  Such a feature to convert the interest basis, and any conversion of 
the interest basis, may affect the secondary market in, and the market value of, such Notes as the change of 
interest basis may result in a lower interest return for Noteholders.  Where the Notes convert from a fixed rate 
to a floating rate, the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be less favourable than then prevailing 
spreads on comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to the same reference rate.  In addition, the new floating rate 
at any time may be lower than the rates on other Notes.  Where the Notes convert from a floating rate to a 
fixed rate, the fixed rate may be lower than then prevailing rates on those Notes and could affect the market 
value of an investment in the relevant Notes.  
Notes which are issued at a substantial discount or premium may experience price volatility in response to 
changes in market interest rates. 
The market value of any specific Series of Notes issued at a substantial discount (such as Zero Coupon Notes) 
or premium to their principal amount tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than 
do prices for more conventional interest-bearing securities.  Usually, the longer the remaining term of such 
securities, the greater the price volatility as compared to more conventional interest-bearing securities with 
comparable maturities. Any such price volatility may have an adverse effect on the market value of any specific 
Series of Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium to their nominal amount. 
The regulation and reform of "benchmarks" may adversely affect the value of Notes linked to or 
referencing such "benchmarks". 
Interest rates and indices which are deemed to be "benchmarks", (including EURIBOR, CIBOR, STIBOR and 
NIBOR) are the subject of recent national and international regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. 
Some of these reforms are already effective while others are still to be implemented. These reforms may cause 
such benchmarks to perform differently than in the past, to disappear entirely, or have other consequences

--- Page 30 ---
30 
 
 
which cannot be predicted. Any such consequence could have a material adverse effect on any Notes linked 
to or referencing such a benchmark.   
The EU Benchmarks Regulation applies, subject to certain transitional provisions, to the provision of 
benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark within the EU. Among 
other things, it (i) requires benchmark administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if non-EU-based, to be 
subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed) and (ii) prevents certain uses by EU 
supervised entities of benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised or registered (or, if non-EU based, 
not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK Benchmarks Regulation) applies to the provision of benchmarks and 
the use of a benchmark in the UK. Similarly, it prohibits the use in the UK by UK supervised entities of 
benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised by the UK Financial Conduct Authority (the FCA) or 
registered on the FCA register (or, if non-UK based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, could have a material 
impact on any Notes linked to or referencing a benchmark, in particular if the methodology or other terms of 
the benchmark are changed in order to comply with the requirements of the EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or 
the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable. Such changes could, among other things, have the effect of 
reducing, increasing or otherwise affecting the volatility of the published rate or level of the relevant 
benchmark.  
More broadly, any of the international or national reforms, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny of 
benchmarks, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting of a 
benchmark and complying with any such regulations or requirements.  
The euro risk-free rate working group for the euro area has published a set of guiding principles and high level 
recommendations for fallback provisions in, amongst other things, new euro denominated cash products 
(including bonds) referencing EURIBOR. The guiding principles indicate, amongst other things, that 
continuing to reference EURIBOR in relevant contracts (without robust fallback provisions) may increase the 
risk to the euro area financial system. On 11 May 2021, the euro risk-free rate working group published its 
recommendations on EURIBOR fallback trigger events and fallback rates. On 4 December 2023, the euro risk-
free rate working group issued its final statement, announcing completion of its mandate. 
Such factors may have (without limitation) the following effects on certain benchmarks: (i) discouraging 
market participants from continuing to administer or contribute to a benchmark; (ii) triggering changes in the 
rules or methodologies used in the benchmark and/or (iii) leading to the disappearance of the benchmark.  Any 
of the above changes or any other consequential changes as a result of international or national reforms or 
other initiatives or investigations, could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any Notes 
linked to, referencing, or otherwise dependent (in whole or in part) upon, a benchmark.  
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes provide for certain fallback arrangements in the event that a 
Benchmark Event (as defined in the Terms and Conditions) occurs in respect of a published benchmark such 
as EURIBOR and/or any page on which such benchmark may be published (or any successor service)) 
becomes unavailable. Such fallback arrangements include the possibility that the rate of interest could be set 
by reference to a Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate (each as defined in the Terms and Conditions), with 
the application of an adjustment spread (which could be positive, negative or zero) and may include 
amendments to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes to ensure the proper operation of the new benchmark, 
all as determined by an Independent Adviser acting in good faith and as more fully described at Condition 
5.2(f). It is possible that the adoption of a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate, including any adjustment spread, 
may result in any Notes linked to or referencing an Original Reference Rate performing differently (which 
may include payment of a lower Rate of Interest) than they would if the Original Reference Rate were to 
continue to apply in its current form. There is also a risk that the relevant fallback provisions may not operate 
as expected or intended at the relevant time.

--- Page 31 ---
31 
 
 
Furthermore, in certain circumstances the ultimate fallback for the purposes of calculation of the rate of interest 
for a particular Interest Period may result in the rate of interest for the last preceding Interest Period being 
used. This may result in the effective application of a fixed rate based on the rate for Floating Rate Notes which 
was observed on the Relevant Screen Page applied in the previous period when the Original Reference Rate 
was available (as further described in Condition 5.2 (Interest – Interest on Floating Rate Notes)).   
Any such consequences could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any such Floating 
Rate Notes. Moreover, any of the foregoing or any other significant change to the setting or existence of any 
relevant reference rate could affect the ability of the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor to meet its obligations 
under the Floating Rate Notes or the Guarantee (as the case may be) or could have an adverse effect on the 
value or liquidity of, and return on, any Floating Rate Notes. Investors should consider these matters when 
making their investment decision with respect to the relevant Floating Rate Notes. 
Risks related to the Notes generally 
Set out below is a description of material risks relating to the Notes generally: 
The claims of holders of the Notes are structurally subordinated.  
As is common for property companies, Castellum AB's operations are principally conducted through 
subsidiaries. Accordingly, Castellum AB is, and will be, dependent on its subsidiaries' operations to service 
its payment obligations in respect of the Notes and the Guarantee (if applicable). The Notes and the Guarantee 
(if applicable) are structurally subordinated to the claims of all holders of debt securities and other creditors, 
including trade creditors, of Castellum AB's subsidiaries, and structurally and/or effectively subordinated to 
the extent of the value of collateral to all Castellum AB's and its subsidiaries' secured creditors. The Notes will 
not be guaranteed by any of Castellum AB's subsidiaries or any other company or person. In the event of an 
insolvency, bankruptcy, liquidation, reorganisation, dissolution or winding up of the business of any of 
Castellum AB's subsidiaries, unsecured creditors of such subsidiaries, secured creditors and obligations that 
may be preferred by provisions of law that are mandatory and of general application will generally have the 
right to be paid in full before any distribution is made to Castellum AB.  
The Notes will be effectively subordinated to any of Castellum's existing secured and future secured 
indebtedness.  
The Notes are unsecured obligations of the relevant Issuer and the Guarantee (if applicable) is an unsecured 
obligation of the Guarantor. The Notes and the Guarantee (if applicable) are therefore effectively subordinated 
to Castellum's existing secured indebtedness and future secured indebtedness. Accordingly, holders of 
Castellum's secured indebtedness will have claims that are superior to the claims of Noteholders to the extent 
of the value of the assets securing such other indebtedness. In the event of a bankruptcy, liquidation or 
dissolution of Castellum, the assets that serve as collateral for any secured indebtedness of Castellum would 
be available to satisfy the obligations under the secured indebtedness before any payments are made on the 
Notes and/or under the Guarantee (if applicable). Other than as set out in Condition 4.1 (Negative Pledge) and 
Condition 4.2 (Financial Covenants), the Terms and Conditions do not prohibit the relevant Issuer or the 
Guarantor (if applicable) from incurring and securing future indebtedness. To the extent that either of the 
Issuers or the Guarantor were to secure any of their future indebtedness, to the extent not required to secure 
the Notes, their obligations, in respect of the Notes or the Guarantee (as the case may be), would be effectively 
subordinated to such secured indebtedness to the extent of the value of the security securing such indebtedness. 
Castellum Finance is a special purpose vehicle and investors should therefore consider the financial 
condition and liquidity of Castellum and the Group in addition to that of Castellum Finance. 
Castellum Finance is a holding company within the Group without significant business activities or holdings 
and, accordingly, Castellum Finance’s ability to pay interest and repay principal in respect of its borrowings, 
including the Notes issued by it, depends upon the financial condition and liquidity of Castellum AB and the

--- Page 32 ---
32 
 
 
Group. Notes issued by Castellum Finance will be guaranteed unconditionally and irrevocably by the 
Guarantor. The Group further intends to provide Castellum Finance with liquidity on an ongoing basis by way 
of intra-group arrangements or other transfers of value in order for Castellum Finance to fulfil its obligations 
under the Notes issued by it. However, if the Group does not provide liquidity, or due to other circumstances, 
conditions, laws or regulations is prevented from providing liquidity to Castellum Finance, there is a risk that 
Castellum Finance will not fulfil its obligations under the Notes. Therefore, investors in Notes issued by 
Castellum Finance should consider the risk factors, financial condition and liquidity of the Guarantor and the 
Group in addition to that of Castellum Finance.  
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes contain provisions which may permit their modification without the 
consent of all investors. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes contain provisions for calling meetings (including by way of 
conference call or by way of a videoconference platform) of Noteholders to consider and vote upon matters 
affecting their interests generally, or to pass resolutions in writing or through the use of electronic consents.  
These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Noteholders including (i) Noteholders who did not attend 
and vote at the relevant meeting or, as the case may be, did not sign the written resolution or give their consent 
electronically, and (ii) those Noteholders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority. 
In certain instances, the relevant Issuer could substitute the obligor under the Notes without the consent or 
approval of the Noteholders 
The relevant Issuer may, without the consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders, substitute itself with a 
Substitute in respect of all rights and obligations arising under or in connection with the Notes. Any such 
substitution will be subject to the conditions set out in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes which include, 
among other things, that where the Substitute is not Castellum, the obligations of the Substitute under the Deed 
Poll, the Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant, the Notes and the Coupons shall be unconditionally and 
irrevocably guaranteed by Castellum. The substitution of the relevant Issuer under the Notes could have an 
adverse effect on Noteholders. 
The value of the Notes could be adversely affected by a change in English law or administrative practice. 
The Guarantee and the Terms and Conditions of the Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of 
or in connection with them are based on English law in effect as at the date of this Base Prospectus.  No 
assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or change to English law or 
administrative practice after the date of this Base Prospectus and any such change could materially adversely 
impact the value of any Notes affected by it. 
Enforceability of judgments. 
The Issuers and the Guarantor have submitted to the jurisdiction of the courts of England in the Conditions of 
the Notes and the Guarantee (as applicable). As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the UK has not ratified any 
agreement, treaty or instrument with the EU, Sweden or Finland which relates to mutual recognition and 
enforcement of judgments that may be delivered in connection with the Notes or the Guarantee. As a result, a 
final judgment in civil or commercial matters relating to the Notes or the Guarantee obtained in the courts of 
England against Castellum or Castellum Finance will, in principle, neither be recognised nor enforceable in 
Sweden or Finland, as applicable. However, if a Noteholder brings a new action in a competent court in 
Sweden or Finland, as applicable, the final judgment rendered in an English court may be submitted to the 
Swedish or Finnish court, as applicable, but will only be regarded as evidence of the outcome of the dispute to 
which such judgment relates, and the Swedish or Finnish court, as applicable, has full discretion to rehear the 
dispute ab initio. Any retrial on a judgment’s merits could therefore significantly delay or prevent the 
enforcement by Noteholders of the relevant Issuer’s obligations under the Notes or the Guarantor’s obligations 
under the Guarantee.

--- Page 33 ---
33 
 
 
Investors who hold less than the minimum Specified Denomination may be unable to sell their Notes and 
may be adversely affected if definitive Notes are subsequently required to be issued. 
In relation to any issue of Notes which have denominations consisting of a minimum Specified Denomination 
plus one or more higher integral multiples of another smaller amount, it is possible that such Notes may be 
traded in amounts in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination that are not integral multiples of such 
minimum Specified Denomination.  In such a case a holder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds an 
amount which is less than the minimum Specified Denomination in their account with the relevant clearing 
system would not be able to sell the remainder of such holding without first purchasing a principal amount of 
Notes at or in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination such that its holding amounts to a Specified 
Denomination.  Further, a holder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds an amount which is less than 
the minimum Specified Denomination in their account with the relevant clearing system at the relevant time 
may not receive a definitive Note in respect of such holding (should definitive Notes be printed) and would 
need to purchase a principal amount of Notes at or in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination such 
that its holding amounts to a Specified Denomination. 
If such Notes in definitive form are issued, holders should be aware that definitive Notes which have a 
denomination that is not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination may be illiquid and 
difficult to trade. 
In respect of any Notes issued as Green Bonds, there can be no assurance that such use of proceeds will be 
suitable for the investment criteria of an investor. 
The applicable Final Terms relating to any specific Tranche of Notes may provide that it will be the relevant 
Issuer's intention to apply an amount equal to the net proceeds from an offer of those Notes specifically for 
Eligible Green Assets, as described in the Framework.  Prospective investors should have regard to the 
information in the applicable Final Terms regarding such use of proceeds and must determine for themselves 
the relevance of such information for the purpose of any investment in such Notes together with any other 
investigation such investor deems necessary.   
No assurance is given by the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor, the Arranger or any of the Dealers that the use of 
such proceeds for any Eligible Green Assets will satisfy, whether in whole or in part, any present or future 
investor expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor 
or its investments are required to comply, whether by any present or future applicable law or regulations 
(including, but not limited to, the EU Taxonomy Regulation and any related technical screening criteria, the 
EU Green Bond Regulation, SFDR, and any implementing legislation and guidelines, or any similar legislation 
in the UK) or by its own by-laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates (in particular with 
regard to any direct or indirect environmental, sustainability or social impact of any projects or uses, the subject 
of or related to, the relevant Eligible Green Assets).   
It should be noted that the definition (legal, regulatory or otherwise) of, or market consensus as to what 
constitutes or may be classified as, a "green" or "sustainable" or an equivalently-labelled project or investment 
that may finance such project is evolving. The EU Green Bond Regulation, among other things, establishes a 
voluntary label for European green bonds and lays down uniform requirements for issuers that wish to use the 
designation of European green bond, or EU Green Bond Regulation label, and the conditions for external 
review of bonds using such label. It also creates an alternative voluntary approach to sustainability disclosures 
for bonds not using the label but marketed as environmentally sustainable or sustainability-linked bonds. The 
EU Green Bond Regulation entered into force on 20 December 2023 and is expected to become applicable 
from 21 December 2024. Whilst progress is being made towards the development of a clear definition, market 
consensus or label as to what constitutes “green”, “sustainable” or other equivalently-labelled bonds, no 
assurance can be given that any such clear definition, market consensus or label will develop over time or that, 
if it does, any Green Bonds will comply with such definition, market consensus or label.

--- Page 34 ---
34 
 
 
In addition, no assurance can be given by the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor, the Arranger, any Dealer or any 
other person to investors that any Green Bonds will comply with any future standards or requirements 
regarding any “green”, “social”, “environmental”, “sustainable” or other equivalently-labelled performance 
objectives, including (but not limited to) the EU Taxonomy Regulation and any related technical screening 
criteria, the EU Green Bond Regulation, SFDR, and any implementing legislation and guidelines, or any 
similar legislation in the UK, or any requirements of such labels as they may evolve from time to time, and, 
accordingly, the status of any Notes as being “green” (or equivalent) could be withdrawn at any time. Any 
Green Bonds issued under the Programme will not be compliant with the EU Green Bond Regulation and are 
only intended to comply with the requirements and processes in the Framework. It is not clear if the 
establishment of the EU Green Bond regulation label and the optional disclosures regime for bonds issued as 
“environmentally sustainable” under the EU Green Bond Regulation could have an impact on investor demand 
or, and pricing of, Green Bonds that do not comply with the requirements of the EU Green Bond Regulation 
label or the optional disclosures regime, such as the Green Bonds issued under this Programme. It could result 
in reduced liquidity or lower demand or could otherwise affect the market price of any Green Bonds issued 
under this Programme that do not comply with those standards proposed under the EU Green Bond Regulation. 
No assurance or representation is given by the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor, the Arranger, any Dealer or any 
other person as to the suitability or reliability for any purpose whatsoever of any opinion, report or certification 
of any third party (whether or not solicited by the relevant Issuer) which may be made available in connection 
with the issue of any Notes and in particular with any Eligible Green Assets to fulfil any environmental, 
sustainability, social and/or other criteria.  For the avoidance of doubt, any such opinion, report or certification 
is not, nor shall be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of this Base Prospectus.  Any such opinion, 
report or certification is not, nor should be deemed to be, a recommendation by the relevant Issuer, the 
Guarantor, the Arranger or any of the Dealers or any other person to buy, sell or hold any such Notes.  Any 
such opinion, report or certification is only current as of the date that such opinion, report or certification was 
initially issued.  Prospective investors must determine for themselves the relevance of any such opinion, report 
or certification and/or the information contained therein and/or the provider of such opinion, report or 
certification for the purpose of any investment in such Notes.  Currently, the providers of such opinions, reports 
and certifications are not subject to any specific regulatory or other regime or oversight. Investors in such 
Notes shall have no recourse against the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor, the Arranger, the Dealers or the 
provider of any such opinion, report or certification for the contents of any such opinion, report or certification. 
In the event that any such Notes are listed or admitted to trading on any dedicated "green", "environmental", 
"sustainable" or other equivalently-labelled segment of any stock exchange or securities market (whether or 
not regulated), no representation or assurance is given by the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor, the Arranger or 
any of the Dealers or any other person that such listing or admission satisfies, whether in whole or in part, any 
present or future investor expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with 
which such investor or its investments are required to comply, whether by any present or future applicable law 
or regulations (including, but not limited to, the EU Taxonomy Regulation and any related technical screening 
criteria, the EU Green Bond Regulation, SFDR, and any implementing legislation and guidelines or any similar 
legislation in the UK) or by its own by-laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates, in 
particular with regard to any direct or indirect environmental, sustainability or social impact of any projects or 
uses, the subject of or related to, any Eligible Green Assets. Furthermore, it should be noted that the criteria 
for any such listings or admission to trading may vary from one stock exchange or securities market to another.  
Nor is any representation or assurance given or made by the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor, the Arranger or 
any of the Dealers or any other person that any such listing or admission to trading will be obtained in respect 
of any such Notes or, if obtained, that any such listing or admission to trading will be maintained during the 
life of the Notes. 
While it is the intention of the relevant Issuer to apply an amount equal to the net proceeds of any Notes so 
specified for Eligible Green Assets in, or substantially in, the manner described in the applicable Final Terms, 
there can be no assurance that the relevant intended project(s) or use(s) the subject of, or related to, any Eligible 
Green Assets will be capable of being implemented in or substantially in such manner and/or in accordance

--- Page 35 ---
35 
 
 
with any timing schedule and that accordingly such proceeds will be totally or partially disbursed for such 
Eligible Green Assets.  Nor can there be any assurance that such Eligible Green Assets will be completed 
within any specified period or at all or with the results or outcome (whether or not related to the environment) 
as originally expected or anticipated by the relevant Issuer. Any such event or failure by the relevant Issuer 
will not constitute an Event of Default under the Notes or otherwise result in the Notes being redeemed prior 
to their maturity date. Further, there is no direct contractual link between any Green Bonds and any green, 
social or sustainability targets of the Issuers. Therefore, payments of interest, principal or other amounts 
payable in respect of any Notes and rights to accelerate under the Notes will not be impacted by the 
performance of Eligible Green Assets funded out of the proceeds of issue (or amounts equal thereto) of the 
Notes or by any other green, social or sustainable assets of the Issuers and/or the Group. 
Any such event or failure to apply an amount equal to the net proceeds of any issue of Notes for any Eligible 
Green Assets as mentioned in the previous paragraph and/or withdrawal of any such opinion, report or 
certification or any such opinion, report or certification attesting that the relevant Issuer is not complying in 
whole or in part with any matters for which such opinion, report or certification is opining, reporting or 
certifying on and/or any such Notes no longer being listed or admitted to trading on any stock exchange or 
securities market as aforesaid may have a material adverse effect on the value of such Notes and also 
potentially the value of any other Notes which are intended to finance Eligible Green Assets and/or result in 
adverse consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in securities to be used for a 
particular purpose. 
Risks related to the market generally 
Set out below is a description of material market risks, including liquidity risk, exchange rate risk, interest rate 
risk and credit risk: 
An active secondary market in respect of the Notes may never be established or may be illiquid and this 
would adversely affect the value at which an investor could sell their Notes. 
Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop.  If a market for the 
Notes does develop, it may not be very liquid. If a Tranche of Notes is issued to a single investor or a limited 
number of investors, this may result in an even more illiquid or volatile market in such Notes. Therefore, 
investors may not be able to sell their Notes easily or at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable 
to similar investments that have a developed secondary market. This is particularly the case for Notes that are 
especially sensitive to interest rate, currency or market risks, are designed for specific investment objectives 
or strategies, are being issued to a single investor or a limited number of investors or have been structured to 
meet the investment requirements of limited categories of investors.  These types of Notes generally would 
have a more limited secondary market and more price volatility than conventional debt securities. 
If an investor holds Notes which are not denominated in the investor's home currency, they will be exposed 
to movements in exchange rates adversely affecting the value of their holding.  In addition, the imposition 
of exchange controls in relation to any Notes could result in an investor not receiving payments on those 
Notes. 
The relevant Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes and the Guarantor (if applicable) will make 
any payments under the Guarantee in the Specified Currency.  This presents certain risks relating to currency 
conversions if an investor's financial activities are denominated principally in a currency or currency unit (the 
Investor's Currency) other than the Specified Currency.  These include the risk that exchange rates may 
significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or revaluation of the 
Investor's Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor's Currency may impose or 
modify exchange controls.  An appreciation in the value of the Investor's Currency relative to the Specified 
Currency would decrease (1) the Investor's Currency-equivalent yield on the Notes, (2) the Investor's Currency 
equivalent value of the principal payable on the Notes and (3) the Investor's Currency equivalent market value 
of the Notes.

--- Page 36 ---
36 
 
 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that 
could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate or the ability of the relevant Issuer to make payments in 
respect of the Notes or the Guarantor (if applicable) to make any payments under the Guarantee.  As a result, 
investors may receive less interest or principal than expected, or no interest or principal. 
The value of Fixed Rate Notes may be adversely affected by movements in market interest rates. 
Investment in Fixed Rate Notes involves the risk that if market interest rates subsequently increase above the 
rate paid on the Fixed Rate Notes, this will adversely affect the value of the Fixed Rate Notes. 
Credit ratings assigned to the Issuers, the Guarantor or any Notes may not reflect all the risks associated 
with an investment in those Notes. 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Issuers, the Guarantor or the 
Notes.  Actual or anticipated changes in any such credit ratings may affect the market value of the Notes. The 
ratings may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors discussed 
above, and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes.  A credit rating is not a recommendation to 
buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised, suspended or withdrawn by the rating agency at any time. 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted under the EU CRA Regulation from using credit ratings 
for regulatory purposes in the EEA, unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating agency established in the 
EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been withdrawn or 
suspended, subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances).  Such general restriction will 
also apply in the case of credit ratings issued by third country non-EEA credit rating agencies, unless the 
relevant credit ratings are endorsed by an EEA-registered credit rating agency or the relevant third country 
non-EEA credit rating agency is certified in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation (and such endorsement 
action or certification, as the case may be, has not been withdrawn or suspended, subject to transitional 
provisions that apply in certain circumstances).  The list of registered and certified rating agencies published 
by the European Securities and Markets Authority (ESMA) on its website in accordance with the EU CRA 
Regulation is not conclusive evidence of the status of the relevant rating agency included in such list, as there 
may be delays between certain supervisory measures being taken against a relevant rating agency and the 
publication of the updated ESMA list.   
Investors regulated in the UK are subject to similar restrictions under the UK CRA Regulation. As such, UK 
regulated investors are required to use for UK regulatory purposes ratings issued by a credit rating agency 
established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation. In the case of ratings issued by third 
country non-UK credit rating agencies, third country credit ratings can either be: (a) endorsed by a UK 
registered credit rating agency; or (b) issued by a third country credit rating agency that is certified in 
accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. Note this is subject, in each case, to (a) the relevant UK registration, 
certification or endorsement, as the case may be, not having been withdrawn or suspended, and (b) transitional 
provisions that apply in certain circumstances.  
If the status of the rating agency rating the Notes changes for the purposes of the EU CRA Regulation or the 
UK CRA Regulation, relevant regulated investors may no longer be able to use the rating for regulatory 
purposes in the EEA or the UK, as applicable, and the Notes may have a different regulatory treatment, which 
may impact the value of the Notes and their liquidity in the secondary market. Certain information with respect 
to the credit rating agencies and ratings is set out on the cover of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 37 ---
37 
 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following documents which have previously been published shall be incorporated in, and form part of, 
this Base Prospectus:  
(a) 
Castellum’s audited consolidated financial statements (including the auditors' report thereon and notes 
thereto) extracted from Castellum's annual report in respect of the financial year ended 31 December 
2023 as set out on the following pages of the Annual Report 2023. 
 
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income 
Page 124 
Consolidated Balance Sheet 
Page 125 
Change in Equity  
Page 128 
Cash Flow Statement 
Page 129 
Accounting Policies and Notes 
Pages 130 – 156 
Auditor’s Report 
Pages 158 – 160 
This document is available for viewing on the following website: 
 
https://www.castellum.com/siteassets/documents/investors/financing/emtn-programmes/castellum-
annual-report-2023.pdf/     
(b) 
Castellum’s audited consolidated financial statements (including the auditors' report thereon and notes 
thereto) extracted from Castellum’s annual report in respect of the financial year ended 31 December 
2022 as set out on the following pages of the 2022 Annual and Sustainability Report.  
 
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income 
Page 143 
Consolidated Balance Sheet 
Page 144 
Change in Equity  
Page 147 
Cash Flow Statement 
Page 148 
Accounting Policies and Notes 
Pages 149 – 174 
Auditor’s Report 
Pages 175 – 178 
This document is available for viewing on the following website: 
 
https://annualreport.castellum.se/2022/wp-
content/uploads/sites/2/2023/03/Castellum_AHR_2022_EN_16_9.pdf

--- Page 38 ---
38 
 
 
(c) 
Pages 2 to 26 of Castellum’s Interim Report January – March 2024 which contains the unaudited 
consolidated interim financial statements (including the notes thereto) of Castellum for the three 
months ended 31 March 2024.  
This document is available for viewing on the following website: 
https://www.castellum.com/siteassets/documents/investors/financing/emtn-programmes/castellum-
interim-report-jan-march-2024.pdf/    
(e) 
Castellum Finance's audited financial statements (including the notes thereto) extracted from 
Castellum Finance's annual report in respect of the financial period ended 31 December 2023 as set 
out on the following pages of the annual report.  
 
Statement of Comprehensive Income 
Page 5 
Balance Sheet 
Page 6 
Change in Equity  
Page 7 
Change in Cash and Cash Equivalents 
Page 7 
Notes to the Financial Statements 
Pages 8 – 13 
This document is available for viewing on the following website: 
https://www.castellum.com/siteassets/documents/investors/financing/emtn-programmes/castellum-
helsinki-finance-holding-abp-annual-report-2023.pdf/   
(f)  
The auditor’s report in respect of Castellum Finance's audited financial statements in respect of the 
financial period ended 31 December 2023. This document is available for viewing on the following 
website: 
 
https://www.castellum.com/siteassets/documents/investors/financing/emtn-programmes/castellum-
helsinki-finance-holding-abp-auditors-report-2023.pdf/   
(g) 
Castellum Finance's audited financial statements (including the notes thereto) extracted from 
Castellum Finance's annual report in respect of the financial period ended 31 December 2022 as set 
out on the following pages of the annual report.  
 
Statement of Comprehensive Income 
Page 5 
Balance Sheet 
Page 6 
Change in Equity  
Page 7 
Change in Cash and Cash Equivalents 
Page 7 
Notes to the Financial Statements 
Pages 8 – 14 
This document is available for viewing on the following website: 
https://www.castellum.com/siteassets/documents/investors/financing/emtn-programmes/castellum-
helsinki-finance-holding-abp-annual-report-2022.pdf/

--- Page 39 ---
39 
 
 
(h)  
The auditor’s report in respect of Castellum Finance's audited financial statements in respect of the 
financial period ended 31 December 2022. This document is available for viewing on the following 
website: 
 
https://www.castellum.com/siteassets/documents/investors/financing/emtn-programmes/castellum-
helsinki-finance-holding-apb-auditors-report-2022.pdf/  
(i) 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes contained in the previous Base Prospectus dated 2 November 
2018, pages 45 to 82 (inclusive) prepared by Castellum AB in connection with the Programme. This 
document is available for viewing on the following website: 
 
https://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Base%20Prospectus_83003347-48c7-48e6-b6c4-
7ddb5e52535b.PDF  
(j) 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes contained in the previous Base Prospectus dated 20 August 
2021, pages 57 to 98 (inclusive) prepared by Castellum AB and Castellum Finance in connection with 
the Programme. This document is available for viewing on the following website: 
 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/202108/ffa7dc0c-bce3-
4619-9127-01be36c834b6.PDF   
Following the publication of this Base Prospectus a supplement may be prepared by the Issuers and the 
Guarantor and approved by the Central Bank of Ireland in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus 
Regulation.  Statements contained in any such supplement (or contained in any document incorporated by 
reference therein) shall, to the extent applicable (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise), be deemed 
to modify or supersede statements contained in this Base Prospectus or in a document which is incorporated 
by reference in this Base Prospectus.  Any statement so modified or superseded shall not, except as so modified 
or superseded, constitute a part of this Base Prospectus. 
Any documents themselves incorporated by reference in the documents incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus shall not form part of this Base Prospectus. 
The Issuers and the Guarantor will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or material 
inaccuracy relating to information included in this Base Prospectus which may affect the assessment of any 
Notes, prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a new Base Prospectus for use in connection 
with any subsequent issue of Notes.

--- Page 40 ---
40 
 
 
FORM OF THE NOTES 
The Notes of each Series will be in either bearer form, with or without interest coupons attached, or registered 
form, without interest coupons attached.  Notes will be issued outside the United States in reliance on 
Regulation S under the Securities Act (Regulation S). 
Bearer Notes 
Each Tranche of Bearer Notes will be in bearer form and will initially be issued in the form of a temporary 
global note (a Temporary Bearer Global Note) or, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, a permanent 
global note (a Permanent Bearer Global Note and, together with a Temporary Bearer Global Note, each a 
Bearer Global Note) which, in either case, will: 
(a) 
if the Bearer Global Notes are intended to be issued in new global note (NGN) form, as stated in the 
applicable Final Terms, be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche to a common 
safekeeper (the Common Safekeeper) for Euroclear Bank SA/NV (Euroclear) and Clearstream 
Banking S.A. (Clearstream, Luxembourg); and 
(b) 
if the Bearer Global Notes are not intended to be issued in NGN Form, be delivered on or prior to the 
original issue date of the Tranche to a common depositary (the Common Depositary) for Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg.  
Where the Bearer Global Notes issued in respect of any Tranche are in NGN form, the applicable Final Terms 
will also indicate whether such Bearer Global Notes are intended to be held in a manner which would allow 
Eurosystem eligibility.  Any indication that the Bearer Global Notes are to be so held does not necessarily 
mean that the Bearer Notes of the relevant Tranche will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any times during 
their life as such recognition depends upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria.  The Common 
Safekeeper for NGNs will either be Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or another entity approved by 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Whilst any Bearer Note is represented by a Temporary Bearer Global Note, payments of principal, interest (if 
any) and any other amount payable in respect of the Notes due prior to the Exchange Date (as defined below) 
will be made (against presentation of the Temporary Bearer Global Note if the Temporary Bearer Global Note 
is not intended to be issued in NGN form) only to the extent that certification (in a form to be provided) to the 
effect that the beneficial owners of interests in the Temporary Bearer Global Note are not U.S. persons or 
persons who have purchased for resale to any U.S. person, as required by U.S. Treasury regulations, has been 
received by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as 
applicable, has given a like certification (based on the certifications it has received) to the Principal Paying 
Agent. 
On and after the date (the Exchange Date) which is 40 days after a Temporary Bearer Global Note is issued, 
interests in such Temporary Bearer Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge) upon a request as 
described therein for interests in a Permanent Bearer Global Note of the same Series against certification of 
beneficial ownership as described above unless such certification has already been given. The holder of a 
Temporary Bearer Global Note will not be entitled to collect any payment of interest, principal or other amount 
due on or after the Exchange Date unless, upon due certification, exchange of the Temporary Bearer Global 
Note for an interest in a Permanent Bearer Global Note is improperly withheld or refused. 
Payments of principal, interest (if any) or any other amounts on a Permanent Bearer Global Note will be made 
through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (against presentation or surrender (as the case may be) of 
the Permanent Bearer Global Note if the Permanent Bearer Global Note is not intended to be issued in NGN 
form) without any requirement for certification.

--- Page 41 ---
41 
 
 
The applicable Final Terms will specify that a Permanent Bearer Global Note will be exchangeable (free of 
charge), in whole but not in part, for definitive Bearer Notes with, where applicable, interest coupons and 
talons attached upon the occurrence of an Exchange Event.  For these purposes, Exchange Event means that 
(i) an Event of Default (as defined in Condition 10 (Events of Default and Enforcement)) has occurred and is 
continuing, (ii) the relevant Issuer has been notified that both Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg have 
been closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of holiday, statutory or 
otherwise) or have announced an intention permanently to cease business or have in fact done so and no 
successor clearing system is available or (iii) the relevant Issuer has or will become subject to adverse tax 
consequences which would not be suffered were the Notes represented by the Permanent Bearer Global Note 
in definitive form.  The relevant Issuer will promptly give notice to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 
14 (Notices) if an Exchange Event occurs.  In the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event, Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (acting on the instructions of any holder of an interest in such Permanent 
Bearer Global Note) may give notice to the Principal Paying Agent requesting exchange and, in the event of 
the occurrence of an Exchange Event as described in (iii) above, the relevant Issuer may also give notice to 
the Principal Paying Agent requesting exchange.  Any such exchange shall occur not later than 45 days after 
the date of receipt of the first relevant notice by the Principal Paying Agent. 
The following legend will appear on all Bearer Notes (other than Temporary Bearer Global Notes) with an 
original maturity of more than one year, and interest coupons and talons relating to such Notes where TEFRA 
D is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
"ANY UNITED STATES PERSON WHO HOLDS THIS OBLIGATION WILL BE SUBJECT TO 
LIMITATIONS UNDER THE UNITED STATES INCOME TAX LAWS, INCLUDING THE 
LIMITATIONS PROVIDED IN SECTIONS 165(j) AND 1287(a) OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE CODE." 
The sections referred to provide that United States holders, with certain exceptions, will not be entitled to 
deduct any loss on Bearer Notes or interest coupons or talons and will not be entitled to capital gains treatment 
in respect of any gain on any sale, disposition, redemption or payment of principal in respect of Bearer Notes 
or interest coupons or talons. 
Notes which are represented by a Bearer Global Note will only be transferable in accordance with the rules 
and procedures for the time being of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be. 
Registered Notes 
The Registered Notes of each Tranche will initially be represented by a global note in registered form (a 
Registered Global Note).  
Registered Global Notes will be deposited with a common depositary or, if the Registered Global Notes are to 
be held under the new safe-keeping structure (the NSS), a common safekeeper, as the case may be for Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg, and registered in the name of the nominee for the Common Depositary of, 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or in the name of a nominee of the common safekeeper, as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms.  Persons holding beneficial interests in Registered Global Notes will be entitled 
or required, as the case may be, under the circumstances described below, to receive physical delivery of 
definitive Notes in fully registered form. Where the Registered Global Notes issued in respect of any Tranche 
is intended to be held under the NSS, the applicable Final Terms will indicate whether or not such Registered 
Global Notes are intended to be held in a manner which would allow Eurosystem eligibility. Any indication 
that the Registered Global Notes are to be so held does not necessarily mean that the Notes of the relevant 
Tranche will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any time during their life as such recognition depends 
upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria. The common safekeeper for a Registered Global Note 
held under the NSS will either be Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or another entity approved by 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg.

--- Page 42 ---
42 
 
 
Payments of principal, interest and any other amount in respect of the Registered Global Notes will, in the 
absence of provision to the contrary, be made to the person shown on the Register (as defined in Condition 6.4 
(Payments - Payments in respect of Registered Notes)) as the registered holder of the Registered Global Notes.  
None of the Issuers, the Guarantor, any Paying Agent or the Registrar will have any responsibility or liability 
for any aspect of the records relating to or payments or deliveries made on account of beneficial ownership 
interests in the Registered Global Notes or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to 
such beneficial ownership interests. 
Payments of principal, interest or any other amount in respect of the Registered Notes in definitive form will, 
in the absence of provision to the contrary, be made to the persons shown on the Register on the relevant 
Record Date (as defined in Condition 6.4 (Payments - Payments in respect of Registered Notes)) immediately 
preceding the due date for payment in the manner provided in that Condition. 
Interests in a Registered Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge), in whole but not in part, for 
definitive Registered Notes without interest coupons or talons attached only upon the occurrence of an 
Exchange Event.  For these purposes, Exchange Event means that (i) an Event of Default has occurred and is 
continuing, (ii) in the case of Notes registered in the name of a nominee for a common depositary or a Common 
Safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, the relevant Issuer has been notified that both 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg have been closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days 
(other than by reason of holiday, statutory or otherwise) or have announced an intention permanently to cease 
business or have in fact done so and, in any such case, no successor clearing system is available or (iii) the 
relevant Issuer has or will become subject to adverse tax consequences which would not be suffered were the 
Notes represented by the Registered Global Note in definitive form. The relevant Issuer will promptly give 
notice to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) if an Exchange Event occurs.  In the event of 
the occurrence of an Exchange Event, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any person acting on 
their behalf (acting on the instructions of any holder of an interest in such Registered Global Note) may give 
notice to the Registrar requesting exchange and, in the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event as 
described in (iii) above, the relevant Issuer may also give notice to the Registrar requesting exchange.  Any 
such exchange shall occur not later than 10 days after the date of receipt of the first relevant notice by the 
Registrar. 
No beneficial owner of an interest in a Registered Global Note will be able to transfer such interest, except in 
accordance with the applicable procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, in each case to the 
extent applicable.   
General 
Pursuant to the Agency Agreement (as defined under "Terms and Conditions of the Notes"), the Principal 
Paying Agent shall arrange that, where a further Tranche of Notes is issued which is intended to form a single 
Series with an existing Tranche of Notes at a point after the Issue Date of the further Tranche, the Notes of 
such further Tranche shall be assigned a common code and ISIN which are different from the common code 
and ISIN assigned to Notes of any other Tranche of the same Series until such time as the Tranches are 
consolidated and form a single Series, which shall not be prior to the expiry of the distribution compliance 
period (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act) applicable to the Notes of such Tranche.   
Any reference herein to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so permits, be 
deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
A Note may be accelerated by the holder thereof in certain circumstances described in Condition 10 (Events 
of Default and Enforcement).  In such circumstances, where any Note is still represented by a Global Note and 
the Global Note (or any part thereof) has become due and repayable in accordance with the Terms and 
Conditions of such Notes and payment in full of the amount due has not been made in accordance with the 
provisions of the Global Note then from 8.00 p.m. (London time) on such day holders of interests in such

--- Page 43 ---
43 
 
 
Global Note credited to their accounts with Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg as the case may be, 
will become entitled to proceed directly against the relevant Issuer or, as appropriate, the Guarantor, on the 
basis of statements of account provided by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg on and subject to the 
terms of a deed of covenant (the Deed of Covenant) dated 20 August 2021 and executed by the Issuers, and 
(if applicable) the terms of a deed of guarantee (the Guarantee) dated 20 August 2021 and executed by the 
Guarantor.  
The relevant Issuer and the Guarantor (if applicable) may agree with any Dealer that Notes may be issued in a 
form not contemplated by the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, in which event, a new Base Prospectus will 
be made available which will describe the effect of the agreement reached in relation to such Notes.

--- Page 44 ---
44 
 
 
APPLICABLE FINAL TERMS 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the European Economic Area (EEA). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is 
one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
MiFID II); (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified 
investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the Prospectus Regulation). Consequently, no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the PRIIPs Regulation) for 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been 
prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor 
in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom (UK). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA); (ii) a customer within the 
meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the FSMA) and any rules or 
regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently, no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue 
of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[MiFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and 
professional clients only, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID II)][MiFID II]; and 
(ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. 
[Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes 
(a distributor) should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels.] 
[UK MiFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined 
in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook, and professional clients, as defined in Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
(UK MiFIR); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional 
clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. Any [distributor]/[person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a distributor)] should take into consideration the 
manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product 
Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules) is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or 
refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.]

--- Page 45 ---
45 
 
 
[Singapore Securities and Futures Act Product Classification – Solely for the purposes of its obligations 
pursuant to sections 309B(1)(a) and 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore, as 
modified or amended from time to time (the SFA) and the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) 
Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the CMP Regulations 2018), the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies 
all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A(1) of the SFA) that the Notes are [prescribed capital markets 
products]/[capital markets products other than prescribed capital markets products] (as defined in the CMP 
Regulations 2018) and [are] [Excluded]/[Specified] Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-
N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on 
Investment Products).]1 
[Date] 
[Castellum AB / Castellum Helsinki Finance Holding Abp] 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): [549300GU5OHTR1T5IY68] / [743700WAF2AHZ4LRAR98] 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] [Green Bonds] 
[unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by Castellum AB] 
under the €3,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the terms and conditions of the 
Notes (the Conditions) set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 10 June 2024 [and the supplement[s] to it dated 
[date] [and [date]]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus 
Regulation (the Base Prospectus). [This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein 
for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus in 
order to obtain all the relevant information.]2 [The Base Prospectus has been published on the website of the 
Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin (Euronext Dublin) at www.euronext.ie.]  
[The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was issued 
under a Base Prospectus with an earlier date.] 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the terms and conditions of the 
Notes (the Conditions) set forth in the Base Prospectus dated [2 November 2018/20 August 2021] which are 
incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus dated 10 June 2024. This document constitutes the Final 
Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in 
conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated 10 June 2024 [and the supplement[s] to it dated [date] [and [date]] 
which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation (the Base 
Prospectus), including the Conditions incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus, in order to obtain all 
the relevant information. [The Base Prospectus has been published on the website of the Irish Stock Exchange 
plc trading as Euronext Dublin (Euronext Dublin) at www.euronext.ie.] 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable". Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs or subparagraphs (in 
which case the sub-paragraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be deleted). Italics denote 
directions for completing the Final Terms.]  
 
1 Delete where the Notes are not offered to Singapore investors. Relevant Dealer(s) to consider whether it / they have received the necessary product 
classification from the Issuer prior to the launch of the offer, pursuant to Section 309B of the SFA. 
2 Delete where the Notes are neither admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area nor offered in the European Economic 
Area in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation.

--- Page 46 ---
46 
 
 
[If the Notes have a maturity of less than one year from the date of their issue, the minimum denomination may 
need to be £100,000 or its equivalent in any other currency.] 
 
1. 
(a)         Issuer:  
[Castellum AB] / [Castellum Helsinki Finance 
Holding Abp] 
[(b)         Guarantor: 
Castellum AB] 
(Delete in the case of Notes issued by Castellum AB) 
2. 
(a) 
Series Number: 
[     ] 
(b) 
Tranche Number: 
[     ] 
(c) 
Date on which the Notes will be 
consolidated and form a single 
Series: 
The Notes will be consolidated and form a single 
Series with [identify earlier Tranches] on [the Issue 
Date/the date that is 40 days after the Issue 
Date/exchange of the Temporary Global Note for 
interests in the Permanent Global Note, as referred to 
in paragraph 25 below, which is expected to occur on 
or about [date]][Not Applicable]  
3. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[     ] 
4. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
 
(a) 
Series: 
[     ] 
(b) 
Tranche: 
[     ] 
5. 
Issue Price: 
[     ] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus 
accrued interest from [insert date] (if applicable)] 
6. 
(a) 
Specified Denominations: 
[     ] 
 
(N.B. Notes must have a minimum denomination of 
€100,000 (or equivalent)) 
 
(Note – where Bearer multiple denominations above 
€100,000 or equivalent are being used the following 
sample wording should be followed: 
 
"[€100,000] and integral multiples of [€1,000] in 
excess thereof up to and including [€199,000]. No 
Notes in definitive form will be issued with a 
denomination above [€199,000].")) 
(b) 
Calculation Amount (in relation to 
calculation of interest on Notes in 
global 
form 
or 
Registered 
definitive form see Conditions): 
[     ] 
 
(If only one Specified Denomination, insert the 
Specified Denomination. If more than one Specified

--- Page 47 ---
47 
 
 
Denomination, insert the highest common factor. 
Note: There must be a common factor in the case of 
two or more Specified Denominations.)  
7. 
(a) 
Issue Date: 
[     ] 
(b)  
Interest Commencement Date: 
[specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
 
(N.B. An Interest Commencement Date will not be 
relevant for certain Notes, for example Zero Coupon 
Notes.) 
8. 
Maturity Date: 
Specify date or for Floating Rate Notes – Interest 
Payment Date falling in or nearest to [specify month 
and year] 
9. 
Interest Basis: 
[[     ] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
 
[[[     ] month [EURIBOR/CIBOR/STIBOR/NIBOR]] 
+/- [     ] per cent. Floating Rate] 
 
[Zero coupon] 
 
(see paragraph [14]/[15]/[16] below) 
10. 
Redemption Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the 
Maturity Date at 100 per cent. of their nominal 
amount 
11. 
Change of Interest Basis: 
[Specify the date when any fixed to floating rate 
change occurs or cross refer to paragraphs 14 and 15 
below and identify there][Not Applicable] 
12. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Issuer Call]  
 
[Issuer Par Call] 
[Investor Put] 
 
[Change of Control Put] 
[Clean-Up Call] 
 
[(see paragraph [18]/[19]/[20]/[21]/[22] below)] 
13. 
(a) 
Status of the Notes: 
Senior 
[(b)  
Status of the Guarantee: 
Senior] 
(c)  
Date Board approval for issuance 
of Notes [and the Guarantee] 
obtained: 
[     ] 
(N.B. Only relevant where Board (or similar) 
authorisation is required for the particular tranche of 
Notes or related Guarantee) 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
14. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[     ] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date

--- Page 48 ---
48 
 
 
(b) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[     ] in each year up to and including the Maturity 
Date 
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s) (and in 
relation to Notes in global form or 
Registered definitive form see 
Conditions): 
[[     ] per Calculation Amount] 
(d) 
Broken Amount(s) (and in relation 
to Notes in global form or 
Registered definitive form see 
Conditions): 
[[     ] per Calculation Amount, payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [     ]][Not Applicable] 
(e) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360] [Actual/Actual (ICMA)]  
(f) 
Determination Date(s): 
[[     ] in each year][Not Applicable] 
 
(Only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA). In such a case, insert regular 
interest payment dates, ignoring issue date or 
maturity date in the case of a long or short first or last 
coupon) 
(g) 
Step Up Rating Change and/or 
Step Down Rating Change: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraph 
of this paragraph) 
(h) 
Step Up Margin: 
[[ ] per cent. per annum] 
15. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Specified 
Period(s)/Specified 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[     ] [, subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
Business Day Convention set out in (b) below/, not 
subject to adjustment, as the Business Day 
Convention in (b) below is specified to be Not 
Applicable]  
(b) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention][Not Applicable]  
(c) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[     ] 
(d) 
Party responsible for calculating 
the Rate of Interest and Interest 
Amount: 
[     ] (the Calculation Agent) 
(e) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
 
• 
Reference Rate: 
[     ] month [EURIBOR/CIBOR/STIBOR/NIBOR]

--- Page 49 ---
49 
 
 
• 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[     ] 
 
(The second day on which T2 is open prior to the start 
of each Interest Period if EURIBOR, second 
Copenhagen business day prior to the start of each 
Interest Period if CIBOR, second Stockholm business 
day prior to the start of each Interest Period if 
STIBOR and second Oslo business day prior to the 
start of each Interest Period if NIBOR) 
• 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[     ] 
 
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters EURIBOR01 
ensure it is a page which shows a composite rate or 
amend the fallback provisions appropriately)  
(f) 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable - the Rate of interest for 
the [long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be 
calculated using Linear Interpolation (specify for each 
short or long interest period)]  
(g) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-] [     ] per cent. per annum 
(h) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[     ] per cent. per annum 
(i) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[     ] per cent. per annum 
(j) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)][Actual/Actual] 
 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
 
[Actual/360] 
 
[30/360][360/360][Bond Basis] 
 
[30E/360][Eurobond Basis] 
 
[30E/360 (ISDA)]  
(k) 
Step Up Rating Change and/or 
Step Down Rating Change: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraph 
of this paragraph) 
(l) 
Step Up Margin: 
[[ ] per cent. per annum] 
16. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraph 
of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Accrual Yield: 
[     ] per cent. per annum 
(b) 
Reference Price: 
[     ] 
(c) 
Day Count Fraction in relation to 
Early Redemption Amounts: 
[30/360] 
[Actual/360] 
 
[Actual/365]  
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION

--- Page 50 ---
50 
 
 
17. 
Notice periods for Condition 7.2: 
Minimum period: [30] days 
Maximum period: [60] days 
18. 
Issuer Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[     ] 
(b) 
Optional Redemption Amount: 
[[     ] per Calculation Amount][Early Redemption 
Amount calculated in accordance with Condition 
7.8(b)][Spens Amount][Make-whole Amount] 
(A) 
Reference Bond 
[     ]/[Not Applicable] 
(B) 
Redemption Margin 
[     ] 
(C) 
Quotation Time 
[     ] 
(c) 
If redeemable in part: 
[Not Applicable] 
(i) 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[     ] 
(ii) 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[     ] 
(d) 
Notice periods: 
Minimum period: [     ] days 
 
Maximum period: [     ] days 
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of distribution of 
information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of 5 
clearing system business days' notice for a call) and 
custodians, as well as any other notice requirements 
which may apply, for example, as between the Issuer 
and the Principal Paying Agent.) 
19. 
Issuer Par Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Par Call Period: 
From (and including [     ] (the Par Call Period 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the 
Maturity Date 
(b) 
Notice Periods: 
Minimum period: [     ] days 
Maximum period: [     ] days 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of distribution of 
information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of 5 
clearing system business days' notice for a call) and 
custodians, as well as any other notice requirements

--- Page 51 ---
51 
 
 
which may apply, for example, as between the Issuer 
and the Principal Paying Agent.) 
20. 
Investor Put: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[     ] 
(b) 
Optional Redemption Amount: 
[[     ] per Calculation Amount][Early Redemption 
Amount calculated in accordance with Condition 
7.8(b)] 
(c) 
Notice Periods: 
Minimum period: [     ] days 
Maximum period: [     ] days 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of distribution of 
information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of 15 
clearing system business days' notice for a put) and 
custodians, as well as any other notice requirements 
which may apply, for example, as between the Issuer 
and the Principal Paying Agent.) 
21. 
Change of Control Put 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
Change of Control Redemption Amount: 
[[     ] per Calculation Amount][Early Redemption 
Amount calculated in accordance with Condition 
7.8(b)] 
22. 
Clean-Up Call:  
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Amount: 
[[     ] per Calculation Amount][Early Redemption 
Amount calculated in accordance with Condition 
7.8(b)] 
(b) 
Notice periods:  
Minimum period: [     ] days 
Maximum period: [     ] days 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of distribution of 
information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of 5 
clearing system business days' notice for a call) and 
custodians, as well as any other notice requirements 
which may apply, for example, as between the Issuer 
and the Principal Paying Agent.)

--- Page 52 ---
52 
 
 
23. 
Final Redemption Amount: 
[     ] per Calculation Amount 
24. 
Early Redemption Amount payable on 
redemption for taxation reasons or on 
event of default: 
[[     ] per Calculation Amount][Condition 7.8 applies] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
25. 
Form of Notes: 
 
(a) 
Form: 
[Bearer 
Notes: 
[Temporary 
Global 
Note 
exchangeable for a Permanent Global Note which is 
exchangeable for Definitive Notes upon an Exchange 
Event] 
 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes upon an Exchange Event] 
 
[Notes shall not be physically delivered in Belgium, 
except to a clearing system, a depository or other 
institution for the purpose of their immobilisation in 
accordance with article 4 of the Belgian Law of 14 
December 20053] 
 
[Registered Notes: 
 
Global Note registered in the name of a nominee for 
[a common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg][a common safekeeper for Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg]] 
(b) 
New Global Note: 
[Yes][No] 
(c) 
New Safekeeping Structure: 
[Yes][No] 
26. 
Additional Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
(Note that this paragraph relates to the date of 
payment and not the end dates of Interest Periods for 
the purposes of calculating the amount of interest, to 
which sub-paragraph 15(c) relates) 
27. 
Talons for future Coupons to be attached 
to Definitive Notes: 
[Yes, as the Notes have more than 27 coupon 
payments, Talons may be required if, on exchange 
into definitive form, more than 27 coupon payments 
are still to be made/No] 
[THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
[[Relevant third party information] has been extracted from [specify source]. [Each of the][The] Issuer [and 
the Guarantor] confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware 
 
3 Include for Notes that are to be offered in Belgium.

--- Page 53 ---
53 
 
 
and is able to ascertain from information published by [specify source], no facts have been omitted which 
would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.] 
 
Signed on behalf of [Castellum AB (publ)] / [Castellum Helsinki Finance Holding Abp] as Issuer: 
By:  ......................................................................  
By:  ....................................................................... 
Duly authorised 
Duly authorised 
 
 
[Signed on behalf of Castellum AB (publ) as Guarantor 
By:  ......................................................................  
By:  ....................................................................... 
Duly authorised 
Duly authorised]

--- Page 54 ---
54 
 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
 
1. 
LISTING 
AND 
ADMISSION 
TO 
TRADING 
 
(i) 
Listing and Admission to trading 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its 
behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading on the 
Regulated Market of Euronext Dublin and listing on 
the Official List of Euronext Dublin with effect from 
[     ].] 
 
[Application is expected to be made by the Issuer (or 
on its behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading 
on the Regulated Market of Euronext Dublin and 
listing on the Official List of Euronext Dublin with 
effect from [     ].]  
 
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to 
indicate that original Notes are already admitted to 
trading.) 
[Not Applicable] 
(ii) 
Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission to trading: 
[     ] 
2. 
RATINGS 
Ratings: 
[The Notes to be issued [[have been]/[have not 
been]/[are expected to be]] rated]: 
 
[insert details] by [insert the legal name of the 
relevant credit rating agency entity(ies) and 
associated defined terms].  
 
[Each of ][defined terms] is established in the [EEA] 
and is registered under Regulation (EC) No. 
1060/2009 (as amended) (the CRA Regulation)]  
[Each of ][defined terms] is established in the United 
Kingdom and is registered under Regulation (EC) 
No. 1060/2009 (as amended) as it forms part of UK 
domestic law by virtue of [the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018]/[the EUWA] (the UK CRA 
Regulation)] 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning 
of the ratings if this has previously been published 
by the rating provider.] 
 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating 
allocated to Notes of the type being issued under the

--- Page 55 ---
55 
 
 
Programme generally or, where the issue has been 
specifically rated, that rating.) 
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
[Save for the fees [of [insert relevant fee disclosure] payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as 
the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the issue of the Notes has an interest material to the offer. 
The [Managers/Dealers] and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in 
investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services 
for, the Issuer [and the Guarantor] and [its/their] affiliates in the ordinary course of business - Amend 
as appropriate if there are other interests] 
[(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters 
described constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a supplement 
to the Base Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.)] 
4. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS 
(i) 
Reasons for the offer: 
[See “Use of Proceeds” in the Base Prospectus.] 
[The Notes are intended to be issued as Green 
Bonds, [further particulars to be provided].] 
(ii) 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[         ] 
5. 
YIELD (Fixed Rate Notes Only) 
Indication of yield: 
[     ] 
 
The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis 
of the Issue Price. It is not an indication of future 
yield. 
6. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
(i) 
ISIN: 
[     ] 
(ii) 
Common Code: 
[     ] 
(iii) 
CFI: 
[See/[[include code ]4, as updated, as set out on] the 
website of the Association of National Numbering 
Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the 
responsible National Numbering Agency that 
assigned the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available] 
(iv) 
FISN: 
[See/[[include code ] 5, as updated, as set out on] the 
website of the Association of National Numbering 
Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the 
responsible National Numbering Agency that 
assigned the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available] 
 
4 The actual code should only be included where the issuer is comfortable that it is correct. 
5 The actual code should only be included where the issuer is comfortable that it is correct.

--- Page 56 ---
56 
 
 
(v) 
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream, 
Luxembourg 
and 
the 
relevant 
identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s)] 
(vi) 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
(vii) 
Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any): 
[     ] 
(viii) 
Intended to be held in a manner 
which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility: 
[Yes. Note that the designation "yes" simply means 
that the Notes are intended upon issue to be 
deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper[, and registered in the name of a nominee 
of one of the ICSDs acting as common safekeeper] 
[include this text for Registered Notes which are to 
be held under the NSS] and does not necessarily 
mean that the Notes will be recognised as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra 
day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon 
issue or at any or all times during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon the ECB being 
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have 
been met.]/ 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as “no” at 
the date of these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria be amended in the future such that 
the Notes are capable of meeting them the Notes 
may then be deposited with one of the ICSDs as 
common safekeeper[, and registered in the name of 
a nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as common 
safekeeper][include this text for Registered Notes]. 
Note that this does not necessarily mean that the 
Notes will then be recognised as eligible collateral 
for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem at any time during 
their life. Such recognition will depend upon the 
ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria have been met.] 
7. 
DISTRIBUTION 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
(ii) 
If syndicated, names of Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
(iii) 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(iv) 
If non-syndicated, name of relevant 
Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name]

--- Page 57 ---
57 
 
 
(v) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
Reg. S Compliance Category 2; [TEFRA D/TEFRA 
C/TEFRA not applicable] 
(vi) 
Prohibition of sales to EEA Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" 
products or the Notes do constitute “packaged” 
products and a key information document will be 
prepared in the EEA, "Not Applicable" should be 
specified. If the Notes may constitute "packaged" 
products and no key information document will be 
prepared in the EEA, “Applicable” should be 
specified.) 
(vii) 
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” 
products or the Notes do constitute “packaged” 
products and a key information document will be 
prepared in the UK, “Not Applicable” should be 
specified. If the Notes may constitute “packaged” 
products and no key information document will be 
prepared in the UK, "Applicable" should be 
specified.)

--- Page 58 ---
58 
 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following are the Terms and Conditions of the Notes which will be incorporated by reference into each 
Global Note (as defined below) and each definitive Note, in the latter case only if permitted by the relevant 
stock exchange or other relevant authority (if any) and agreed by the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer 
at the time of issue but, if not so permitted and agreed, such definitive Note will have endorsed thereon or 
attached thereto such Terms and Conditions. The applicable Final Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) 
will be endorsed upon, or attached to, each Global Note and definitive Note. Reference should be made to 
"Applicable Final Terms" for a description of the content of Final Terms which will specify which of such 
terms are to apply in relation to the relevant Notes. 
This Note is one of a Series (as defined below) of Notes issued by Castellum AB (Castellum, and in its 
capacity as guarantor of Notes issued by Castellum Finance, the Guarantor) or Castellum Helsinki Finance 
Holding Abp (Castellum Finance, and together with Castellum, the Issuers and each an Issuer) pursuant to 
the Agency Agreement (as defined below). 
References herein to the relevant Issuer shall be references to whichever of Castellum AB and Castellum 
Finance is specified as the Issuer in the applicable Final Term (as defined below). If the relevant Issuer of a 
Series of Notes is Castellum AB, references herein to the Guarantor and the Guarantee, and related 
expressions, are not applicable and shall be disregarded in respect of such Series. 
References herein to the Notes shall be references to the Notes of this Series and shall mean: 
(a) 
in relation to any Notes represented by a global Note (a Global Note), units of each Specified 
Denomination in the Specified Currency; 
(b) 
any Global Note;  
(c) 
any definitive Notes in bearer form (Bearer Notes) issued in exchange for a Global Note in bearer 
form; and 
(d) 
any definitive Notes in registered form (Registered Notes) (whether or not issued in exchange for a 
Global Note in registered form). 
The Notes and the Coupons (as defined below) have the benefit of an amended and restated Agency Agreement 
(such Agency Agreement as amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the Agency 
Agreement) dated 10 June 2024 and made between the Issuers, the Guarantor, Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
as issuing and principal paying agent and agent bank (the Principal Paying Agent, which expression shall 
include any successor principal paying agent) and as transfer agent (together with the Registrar, the Transfer 
Agents, which expression shall include any additional or successor transfer agents), the other paying agents 
named therein (together with the Principal Paying Agent, the Paying Agents, which expression shall include 
any additional or successor paying agents) and Citibank Europe plc as registrar (the Registrar, which 
expression shall include any successor registrar). The Principal Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent (if any is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms), the Registrar, the Paying Agents and the Transfer Agents are together 
referred to as the Agents. The final terms for this Note (or the relevant provisions thereof) are set out in Part 
A of the Final Terms attached to or endorsed on this Note which complete these Terms and Conditions (the 
Conditions). References to the applicable Final Terms are, unless otherwise stated, to Part A of the Final 
Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) attached to or endorsed on this Note.  
The payment of all amounts in respect of Notes issued by Castellum Finance have been unconditionally and 
irrevocably guaranteed by the Guarantor pursuant to a deed of guarantee dated 20 August 2021 (such deed of 
guarantee, as modified and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the Guarantee) and executed 
by the Guarantor. The original of the Guarantee is held by the Principal Paying Agent on behalf of the 
Noteholders and the Couponholders at its specified office.

--- Page 59 ---
59 
 
 
Interest bearing definitive Bearer Notes have interest coupons (Coupons) and, in the case of Bearer Notes 
which, when issued in definitive form, have more than 27 interest payments remaining, talons for further 
Coupons (Talons) attached on issue. Any reference herein to Coupons or coupons shall, unless the context 
otherwise requires, be deemed to include a reference to Talons or talons. Registered Notes and Global Notes 
do not have Coupons or Talons attached on issue. 
Any reference to Noteholders shall mean (in the case of Bearer Notes) the holders of the Notes and (in the 
case of Registered Notes) the persons in whose name the Notes are registered and shall, in relation to any 
Notes represented by a Global Note, be construed as provided below. Any reference herein to Couponholders 
shall mean the holders of the Coupons and shall, unless the context otherwise requires, include the holders of 
the Talons. 
As used herein, Tranche means Notes which are identical in all respects (including as to listing and admission 
to trading) and Series means a Tranche of Notes together with any further Tranche or Tranches of Notes which 
(a) are expressed to be consolidated and form a single series and (b) have the same terms and conditions or 
terms and conditions which are the same in all respects save for the amount and date of the first payment of 
interest thereon and the date from which interest starts to accrue. 
The Noteholders and the Couponholders are entitled to the benefit of the Deed of Covenant (such Deed of 
Covenant as modified and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the Deed of Covenant) dated 
20 August 2021 and made by the Issuers.  The original of the Deed of Covenant is held by the common 
depositary for Euroclear (as defined below) and Clearstream, Luxembourg (as defined below).  
Copies of the Agency Agreement, the Guarantee and the Deed of Covenant are (i) available for inspection 
during normal business hours at the specified office of each of the Paying Agents or (ii) may be provided by 
email to a Noteholder following their prior written request to any Paying Agents or the relevant Issuer and 
provision of proof of holding and identity (in a form satisfactory to the relevant Paying Agent or the relevant 
Issuer, as the case may be). If the Notes are to be admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext 
Dublin the applicable Final Terms will be published on the website of Euronext Dublin. The Noteholders and 
the Couponholders are deemed to have notice of, and are entitled to the benefit of, all the provisions of the 
Agency Agreement, the Guarantee, the Deed of Covenant and the applicable Final Terms which are applicable 
to them. The statements in the Conditions include summaries of, and are subject to, the detailed provisions of 
the Agency Agreement. 
Words and expressions defined in the Agency Agreement or used in the applicable Final Terms shall have the 
same meanings where used in the Conditions unless the context otherwise requires or unless otherwise stated 
and provided that, in the event of inconsistency between the Agency Agreement and the applicable Final 
Terms, the applicable Final Terms will prevail. 
In the Conditions, euro means the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and 
monetary union pursuant to the Treaty establishing the European Community, as amended. 
1. 
FORM, DENOMINATION AND TITLE 
The Notes are in bearer form or in registered form as specified in the applicable Final Terms and, in 
the case of definitive Notes, serially numbered, in the currency (the Specified Currency) and the 
denominations (the Specified Denomination(s)) specified in the applicable Final Terms. Notes of one 
Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for Notes of another Specified Denomination and 
Bearer Notes may not be exchanged for Registered Notes and vice versa. 
This Note may be a Fixed Rate Note, a Floating Rate Note or a Zero Coupon Note, or a combination 
of any of the foregoing, depending upon the Interest Basis shown in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 60 ---
60 
 
 
Definitive Bearer Notes are issued with Coupons attached, unless they are Zero Coupon Notes in 
which case references to Coupons and Couponholders in the Conditions are not applicable. 
Subject as set out below, title to the Bearer Notes and Coupons will pass by delivery and title to the 
Registered Notes will pass upon registration of transfers in accordance with the provisions of the 
Agency Agreement. The relevant Issuer, the Guarantor and any Agent will (except as otherwise 
required by law) deem and treat the bearer of any Bearer Note or Coupon and the registered holder of 
any Registered Note as the absolute owner thereof (whether or not overdue and notwithstanding any 
notice of ownership or writing thereon or notice of any previous loss or theft thereof) for all purposes 
but, in the case of any Global Note, without prejudice to the provisions set out in the next succeeding 
paragraph. 
For so long as any of the Notes is represented by a Global Note held on behalf of Euroclear Bank 
SA/NV (Euroclear) and/or Clearstream Banking S.A. (Clearstream, Luxembourg), each person 
(other than Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg) who is for the time being shown in the records of 
Euroclear or of Clearstream, Luxembourg as the holder of a particular nominal amount of such Notes 
(in which regard any certificate or other document issued by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
as to the nominal amount of such Notes standing to the account of any person shall be conclusive and 
binding for all purposes save in the case of manifest error) shall be treated by the relevant Issuer, the 
Guarantor and the Agents as the holder of such nominal amount of such Notes for all purposes other 
than with respect to the payment of principal or interest on such nominal amount of such Notes, for 
which purpose the bearer of the relevant Bearer Global Note or the registered holder of the relevant 
Registered Global Note shall be treated by the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor and any Agent as the 
holder of such nominal amount of such Notes in accordance with and subject to the terms of the 
relevant Global Note and the expressions Noteholder and holder of Notes and related expressions 
shall be construed accordingly. 
Notes which are represented by a Global Note will be transferable only in accordance with the rules 
and procedures for the time being of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be. 
References to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so permits, be 
deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified in Part B of 
the applicable Final Terms. 
2. 
TRANSFERS OF REGISTERED NOTES  
2.1 
Transfers of interests in Registered Global Notes 
Transfers of beneficial interests in Registered Global Notes will be effected by Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, and, in turn, by other participants and, if appropriate, 
indirect participants in such clearing systems acting on behalf of transferors and transferees of such 
interests. A beneficial interest in a Registered Global Note will, subject to compliance with all 
applicable legal and regulatory restrictions, be transferable for Notes in definitive form or for a 
beneficial interest in another Registered Global Note of the same series only in the authorised 
denominations set out in the applicable Final Terms and only in accordance with the rules and 
operating procedures for the time being of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may 
be, and in accordance with the terms and conditions specified in the Agency Agreement. 
2.2 
Transfers of Registered Notes in definitive form 
Subject as provided in paragraph 2.3 below, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in 
the Agency Agreement, a Registered Note in definitive form may be transferred in whole or in part 
(in the authorised denominations set out in the applicable Final Terms). In order to effect any such 
transfer (a) the holder or holders must (i) surrender the Registered Note for registration of the transfer 
of the Registered Note (or the relevant part of the Registered Note) at the specified office of any

--- Page 61 ---
61 
 
 
Transfer Agent, with the form of transfer thereon duly executed by the holder or holders thereof or 
their attorney or attorneys duly authorised in writing and (ii) complete and deposit such other 
certifications as may be required by the relevant Transfer Agent and (b) the relevant Transfer Agent 
must, after due and careful enquiry, be satisfied with the documents of title and the identity of the 
person making the request. Any such transfer will be subject to such reasonable regulations as the 
relevant Issuer and the Registrar may from time to time prescribe (the initial such regulations being 
set out in Schedule 6 to the Agency Agreement). Subject as provided above, the relevant Transfer 
Agent will, within three business days (being for this purpose a day on which banks are open for 
business in the city where the specified office of the relevant Transfer Agent is located) of the request 
(or such longer period as may be required to comply with any applicable fiscal or other laws or 
regulations), authenticate and deliver, or procure the authentication and delivery of, at its specified 
office to the transferee or (at the risk of the transferee) send by uninsured mail, to such address as the 
transferee may request, a new Registered Note in definitive form of a like aggregate nominal amount 
to the Registered Note (or the relevant part of the Registered Note) transferred. In the case of the 
transfer of part only of a Registered Note in definitive form, a new Registered Note in definitive form 
in respect of the balance of the Registered Note not transferred will be so authenticated and delivered 
or (at the risk of the transferor) sent to the transferor. 
2.3 
Registration of transfer upon partial redemption 
In the event of a partial redemption of Notes under Condition 7 (Redemption and Purchase), the 
relevant Issuer shall not be required to register the transfer of any Registered Note, or part of a 
Registered Note, called for partial redemption. 
2.4 
Costs of registration 
Noteholders will not be required to bear the costs and expenses of effecting any registration of transfer 
as provided above, except for any costs or expenses of delivery other than by regular uninsured mail 
and except that the relevant Issuer may require the payment of a sum sufficient to cover any stamp 
duty, tax or other governmental charge that may be imposed in relation to the registration. 
3. 
STATUS OF THE NOTES AND GUARANTEE 
3.1 
Status of the Notes 
The Notes and any relative Coupons are direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and (subject to the 
provisions of Condition 4.1 (Negative Pledge)) unsecured obligations of the relevant Issuer and rank 
pari passu among themselves and (save for any obligations required to be preferred by law) equally 
with all other unsecured obligations (other than subordinated obligations, if any) of the relevant Issuer, 
from time to time outstanding.  
3.2 
Status of the Guarantee  
The payment of principal and interest in respect of the Notes issued by Castellum Finance has been 
unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by the Guarantor pursuant to the Guarantee. The 
obligations of the Guarantor under the Guarantee are direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and 
(subject to the provisions of Condition 4.1 (Negative Pledge)) unsecured obligations of the Guarantor 
and (save for any obligations required to be preferred by law) rank equally with all other present and 
future unsecured obligations (other than subordinated obligations, if any) of the Guarantor, from time 
to time outstanding.

--- Page 62 ---
62 
 
 
4. 
COVENANTS 
4.1 
Negative Pledge 
So long as any of the Notes remains outstanding (as defined in the Agency Agreement) neither the 
relevant Issuer nor the Guarantor shall, and each of the relevant Issuer and the Guarantor shall procure 
that none of its respective Subsidiaries (as defined below) shall, create or have outstanding any 
mortgage, charge, lien, pledge or other security interest (each a Security Interest), other than a 
Permitted Security Interest, upon, or with respect to, any of its present or future business, undertaking, 
assets or revenues (including any uncalled capital) to secure any Relevant Indebtedness (as defined 
below), unless the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor (as the case may be), in the case of the creation of 
the Security Interest, before or at the same time and, in any other case, promptly, takes any and all 
action necessary to ensure that: 
(i) 
all amounts payable by it under the Notes and the Coupons or, as the case may be, the 
Guarantee, are secured by the Security Interest equally and rateably with the Relevant 
Indebtedness; or   
(ii) 
such other Security Interest or other arrangement (whether or not it includes the giving 
of a Security Interest) is provided as is approved by an Extraordinary Resolution (as 
defined in the Agency Agreement) of the Noteholders.  
4.2 
Financial Covenants 
So long as any Note remains outstanding: 
(a) 
Castellum will not, and will not permit any Subsidiary to, incur directly or indirectly any 
Financial Indebtedness (excluding for the purposes of this Condition 4.2(a) Permitted 
Refinancing Indebtedness) if, on the date of such incurrence and after giving pro forma effect 
thereto (including pro forma application of the proceeds), the Consolidated Solvency Ratio 
would exceed 65 per cent.;  
(b) 
Castellum will not, and will not permit any Subsidiary to, incur directly or indirectly any 
Secured Indebtedness (excluding for the purposes of this Condition 4.2(b) Permitted 
Refinancing Indebtedness) if, on the date of such incurrence and after giving pro forma effect 
thereto (including pro forma application of the proceeds), the Secured Solvency Ratio would 
exceed 45 per cent.; and  
(c) 
Castellum undertakes that on each Testing Date the Consolidated Coverage Ratio will be not 
less than 1.5:1.  
4.3 
Interpretation 
For the purposes of these Conditions: 
Consolidated Adjusted Income from Property Management means, in respect of any Testing Date, 
the number set out under the heading "Income including associated companies of which income from 
property management" (or any equivalent line item), to which Net Interest Charges should be added 
back, in each case as set out in the most recent annual or interim, as the case may be, consolidated 
financial statements of the Group; 
Consolidated Coverage Ratio means, in respect of any Testing Date, the ratio of (i) the aggregate 
amount of Consolidated Adjusted Income from Property Management for the period of the most recent 
four consecutive financial quarters ending on such Testing Date, to (ii) the aggregate amount of Net

--- Page 63 ---
63 
 
 
Interest Charges for the period of the most recent four consecutive financial quarters ending on such 
Testing Date; 
Consolidated Solvency Ratio means (i) the Consolidated Total Indebtedness (less cash and cash 
equivalents) divided by (ii) Consolidated Total Assets;  
Consolidated Total Assets means the value of the consolidated total assets of the Group as shown in 
the most recent annual or interim, as the case may be, consolidated financial statements of the Group;  
Consolidated Total Indebtedness means the total Financial Indebtedness (on a consolidated basis) 
of the Group as determined by reference to the most recent annual or interim, as the case may be, 
consolidated financial statements of the Group; 
Financial Indebtedness means any indebtedness of any Person for money borrowed or raised 
including (without limitation) for or in respect of: 
(a) 
moneys borrowed; 
(b) 
any amount raised by acceptance under any acceptance credit facility or dematerialised 
equivalent; 
(c) 
any amount raised pursuant to any note purchase facility or the issue of bonds, notes, 
debentures, loan stock or any similar instrument; 
(d) 
receivables sold or discounted (other than any receivables to the extent they are sold on a non-
recourse basis); 
(e) 
the amount of any liability in respect of leases or hire purchase contracts which would, in 
accordance with applicable law and generally accepted accounting principles applicable to the 
Group, be treated as finance or capital leases; 
(f) 
the amount of any liability in respect of any purchase price for assets or services the payment 
of which is deferred for a period in excess of 90 days; and 
(g) 
without double-counting, any guarantee or indemnity in respect of indebtedness of the type 
referred to in the above items (a) – (f). 
For the avoidance of doubt, "indebtedness" shall be determined by reference to IFRS (or such 
accounting standards as are applicable to Castellum at the relevant time); 
Group means Castellum AB and its consolidated Subsidiaries; 
Net Interest Charges means (i) the number set out under the heading "Net Interest" (or equivalent 
line item) or (ii) where no equivalent single line item to "Net Interest" is included in the consolidated 
financial statements of the Group, the net amount calculated as the number set out under the heading 
"Interest Costs" (or equivalent line item) from which is deducted the number set out under the heading 
"Interest Income" (or equivalent line item), in each case as set out in the most recent annual or interim, 
as the case may be, consolidated financial statements of the Group; 
Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness means any Financial Indebtedness of Castellum or any of its 
Subsidiaries raised or issued in exchange for, or the net proceeds of which are used to renew, refund, 
refinance, replace, exchange or discharge other Financial Indebtedness of Castellum or any member 
of the Group (other than intra-Group Financial Indebtedness); provided that:

--- Page 64 ---
64 
 
 
(a) 
the aggregate principal amount (or accretable value) of such Permitted Refinancing 
Indebtedness does not exceed the principal amount (or accreted value, if applicable) of the 
Financial Indebtedness renewed, refunded, refinanced, replaced, exchanged or discharged 
(plus all accrued interest on the Financial Indebtedness and the amount of all fees and 
expenses, including premiums, incurred in connection therewith); 
(b) 
such Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness has a final maturity date, or may only be redeemed 
or repaid at the option of Castellum or any of its Subsidiaries, either (i) no earlier than the 
final maturity date of the Financial Indebtedness being renewed, refunded, refinanced, 
replaced, exchanged or discharged or (ii) after the final maturity date of the Notes; 
(c) 
if the Financial Indebtedness being renewed, refunded, refinanced, replaced, exchanged or 
discharged is expressly, contractually subordinated in right of payment to the Notes, such 
Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness is subordinated in right of payment to the Notes; and 
(d) 
if Castellum was the obligor in respect of the Financial Indebtedness being renewed, refunded, 
refinanced, replaced, exchanged or discharged, such Financial Indebtedness is incurred by 
Castellum; 
Permitted Security Interest means a Security Interest on the undertaking or assets of any Person 
existing at the time such Person is acquired by and becomes a Subsidiary of the relevant Issuer or the 
Guarantor, provided such Security Interest was not created in contemplation of such acquisition and 
the principal amount secured has not been increased in contemplation of or since such acquisition; 
Person means any individual, company, corporation, firm, unincorporated association or body, 
partnership, trust fund, joint venture or consortium, association, organisation, government state or 
agency of a state or other entity, whether or not having separate legal personality; 
Relevant Indebtedness means (i) any present or future indebtedness (whether being principal, 
premium, interest or other amounts) which is in the form of or represented by any notes, bonds, 
debentures, debenture stock, loan stock or other securities which are for the time being, or capable of 
being, quoted, listed or ordinarily dealt in on any stock exchange, over-the-counter or other securities 
market, and (ii) any guarantee or indemnity in respect of any such indebtedness; 
Secured Consolidated Total Indebtedness means such amount of Consolidated Total Indebtedness 
that is Secured Indebtedness; 
Secured Indebtedness means any Financial Indebtedness that is secured in whole or in part by a 
Security Interest granted over any assets of the Group; 
Secured Solvency Ratio means (i) the Secured Consolidated Total Indebtedness divided by (ii) 
Consolidated Total Assets;  
Subsidiary means in relation to any Person (the first Person) at any particular time, any other Person: 
(i) 
which is a subsidiary (Sw. dotterföretag) to the first Person, directly or indirectly, as defined 
in the Swedish Companies Act (Sw. aktiebolagslagen 2005:551); or 
(ii) 
whose financial statements are, in accordance with applicable law and generally accepted 
accounting principles, consolidated with those of the first Person; and 
Testing Date means each day which is (i) the last day of Castellum’s financial year in any year or (ii) 
the last day of the first three quarters of Castellum’s financial year in any year.

--- Page 65 ---
65 
 
 
5. 
INTEREST 
5.1 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date at the 
rate(s) per annum equal to the Rate(s) of Interest. Interest will be payable in arrear on the Interest 
Payment Date(s) in each year up to (and including) the Maturity Date. 
If the Notes are Bearer Notes in definitive form, except as provided in the applicable Final Terms, the 
amount of interest payable on each Interest Payment Date in respect of the Fixed Interest Period ending 
on (but excluding) such date will amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount. Payments of interest on any 
Interest Payment Date will, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, amount to the Broken Amount 
so specified. 
As used in the Conditions, Fixed Interest Period means the period from (and including) an Interest 
Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest 
Payment Date. 
Except in the case of Bearer Notes in definitive form where an applicable Fixed Coupon Amount or 
Broken Amount is specified in the applicable Final Terms, interest shall be calculated in respect of 
any period by applying the Rate of Interest to: 
(a) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes which are (i) represented by a Global Note or (ii) Registered 
Notes in definitive form, the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of (A) the Fixed Rate 
Notes represented by such Global Note or (B) such Registered Notes; or 
(b) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes which are Bearer Notes in definitive form, the Calculation 
Amount, 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction. 
The resultant figure (including after application of any Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount, as 
applicable, to the Calculation Amount in the case of Fixed Rate Notes which are Bearer Notes in 
definitive form) shall be rounded to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of 
any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market 
convention. 
Where the Specified Denomination of a Fixed Rate Note which is a Bearer Note in definitive form is 
a multiple of the Calculation Amount, the amount of interest payable in respect of such Fixed Rate 
Note shall be the product of the amount (determined in the manner provided above) for the Calculation 
Amount and the amount by which the Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified 
Denomination, without any further rounding. 
In these Conditions: 
Calculation Amount has the meaning given in the applicable Final Terms; 
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest, in accordance with 
this Condition 5.1 (Interest on Fixed Rate Notes): 
(i) 
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(A) 
in the case of Notes where the number of days in the relevant period from (and 
including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest

--- Page 66 ---
66 
 
 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (the Accrual 
Period) is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during which the Accrual 
Period ends, the number of days in such Accrual Period divided by the product of (1) 
the number of days in such Determination Period and (2) the number of Determination 
Dates (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) that would occur in one calendar 
year; or 
(B) 
in the case of Notes where the Accrual Period is longer than the Determination Period 
during which the Accrual Period ends, the sum of: 
(1) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the Determination Period 
in which the Accrual Period begins divided by the product of (x) the number 
of days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination 
Dates that would occur in one calendar year; and 
(2) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next Determination 
Period divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such Determination 
Period and (y) the number of Determination Dates that would occur in one 
calendar year; and 
(ii) 
if "30/360" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the period from 
(and including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (such number of days 
being calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day months) divided by 360. 
Determination Period means each period from (and including) a Determination Date to (but 
excluding) the next Determination Date (including, where either the Interest Commencement Date or 
the final Interest Payment Date is not a Determination Date, the period commencing on the first 
Determination Date prior to, and ending on the first Determination Date falling after, such date); and 
sub-unit means, with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that 
is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to euro, one cent. 
5.2 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes 
(a) 
Interest Payment Dates 
Each Floating Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date and 
such interest will be payable in arrear on either: 
(i) 
the Specified Interest Payment Date(s) in each year specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
or 
(ii) 
if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the applicable Final Terms, each 
date (each such date, together with each Specified Interest Payment Date, an Interest 
Payment Date) which falls the number of months or other period specified as the Specified 
Period in the applicable Final Terms after the preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case 
of the first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement Date. 
Such interest will be payable in respect of each Interest Period. In these Conditions, Interest Period 
means the period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) 
to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment Date or the relevant payment date if the Notes 
become payable on a date other than an Interest Payment Date.

--- Page 67 ---
67 
 
 
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms and (x) if there is no 
numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which an Interest Payment Date should occur 
or (y) if any Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then, 
if the Business Day Convention specified is: 
(A) 
in any case where Specified Periods are specified in accordance with Condition 5.2(a)(ii) 
above, the Floating Rate Convention, such Interest Payment Date (a) in the case of (x) above, 
shall be the last day that is a Business Day in the relevant month and the provisions of (ii) 
below shall apply mutatis mutandis or (b) in the case of (y) above, shall be postponed to the 
next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, 
in which event (i) such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to the immediately 
preceding Business Day and (ii) each subsequent Interest Payment Date shall be the last 
Business Day in the month which falls the Specified Period after the preceding applicable 
Interest Payment Date occurred; or 
(B) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be postponed to 
the next day which is a Business Day; or 
(C) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next 
calendar month, in which event such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day; or 
(D) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
In these Conditions, Business Day means: 
(a) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open 
for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in 
London and each Additional Business Centre (other than T2) specified in the applicable Final 
Terms;  
(b) 
if T2 is specified as an Additional Business Centre in the applicable Final Terms, a day on 
which the Trans-European Automated Real-time Gross Settlement Express Transfer System 
or any successor or replacement for that system (T2) is open; and 
(c) 
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the 
principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (which if the 
Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars shall be Sydney and 
Auckland, respectively) or (2) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which T2 is 
open. 
(b) 
Rate of Interest 
The Rate of Interest payable in respect of Floating Rate Notes for each Interest Period will, subject as 
provided below, be either: 
(A) 
the offered quotation; or 
(B) 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being 
rounded upwards) of the offered quotations,

--- Page 68 ---
68 
 
 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate (being either EURIBOR, 
CIBOR, STIBOR or NIBOR, as specified in the applicable Final Terms) which appears or 
appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page (or such replacement page on that 
service which displays the information) as at 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time, in the case of 
EURIBOR, Copenhagen time, in the case of CIBOR or Stockholm time, in the case of 
STIBOR) or 12.00 noon (Oslo time, in the case of NIBOR) (the Specified Time) on the 
Interest Determination Date in question plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final 
Terms) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the Calculation Agent. If five or more of such 
offered quotations are available on the Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, if there is more 
than one such highest quotation, one only of such quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is 
more than one such lowest quotation, one only of such quotations) shall be disregarded by the 
Calculation Agent for the purpose of determining the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided 
above) of such offered quotations.  
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if, in the case of subparagraph (A) above, no 
offered quotation appears or, in the case of subparagraph (B) above, fewer than three offered 
quotations appear, in each case as at the Specified Time, the Issuer, or an agent appointed by 
it, shall request each of the Reference Banks (as defined below) to provide its offered quotation 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate at approximately the 
Specified Time on the Interest Determination Date in question and the Issuer, or an agent 
appointed by it, shall notify the Calculation Agent of all quotations received by it.  If two or 
more of the Reference Banks provide the Issuer or an agent appointed by it, as applicable, 
with offered quotations, the Rate of Interest for the Interest Period shall be the arithmetic mean 
(rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the 
offered quotations plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. 
If on any Interest Determination Date one only or none of the Reference Banks provides an 
offered quotation as provided in the preceding paragraph, the Rate of Interest for the relevant 
Interest Period shall be the rate per annum which the Calculation Agent determines as being 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being 
rounded upwards) of the rates, as communicated to the Issuer upon request (and notified to 
the Calculation Agent by the Issuer or an agent appointed by the Issuer) by the Reference 
Banks or any two or more of them, at which such banks were offered, at approximately the 
Specified Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, deposits in the Specified 
Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for the Reference Rate by 
leading banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR), the 
Danish inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is CIBOR), the Swedish inter-bank market 
(if the Reference Rate is STIBOR) or the Norwegian inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate 
is NIBOR) plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any) or, if fewer than two of the 
Reference Banks provide the Issuer with offered rates, the offered rate for deposits in the 
Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for the Reference 
Rate, or the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of the offered rates for deposits in 
the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for the 
Reference Rate, at which, at approximately the Specified Time on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date, any one or more banks (which bank or banks is or are in the opinion of 
the relevant Issuer suitable for the purpose) informs the Issuer it is quoting to leading banks 
in the Euro-zone inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR), the Danish inter-
bank market (if the Reference Rate is CIBOR), the Swedish inter-bank market (if the 
Reference Rate is STIBOR) or the Norwegian inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is 
NIBOR) plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any), provided that, if the Rate of 
Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this paragraph, 
the Rate of Interest shall be determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date

--- Page 69 ---
69 
 
 
(though substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period 
from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin relating to the 
relevant Interest Period in place of the Margin relating to that last preceding Interest Period).  
Reference Banks means (i) in the case of a determination of EURIBOR, the principal Euro-
zone office of four major banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market, (ii) in the case of a 
determination of CIBOR, the principal Copenhagen office of four major banks in the Danish 
inter-bank market, (iii) in the case of a determination of STIBOR, the principal Stockholm 
office of four major banks in the Swedish inter-bank market and (iv) in the case of a 
determination of NIBOR, the principal Oslo office of four major banks in the Norwegian inter-
bank market, in each case selected by the relevant Issuer. 
(c) 
Minimum Rate of Interest and/or Maximum Rate of Interest 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Minimum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, in the 
event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance with the 
provisions of paragraph (b) above is less than such Minimum Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest for 
such Interest Period shall be such Minimum Rate of Interest. 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Maximum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, in 
the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance with the 
provisions of paragraph (b) above is greater than such Maximum Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest 
for such Interest Period shall be such Maximum Rate of Interest. 
(d) 
Determination of Rate of Interest and calculation of Interest Amounts 
The Calculation Agent will at or as soon as practicable after each time at which the Rate of Interest is 
to be determined, determine the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period.  
The Calculation Agent will calculate the amount of interest (the Interest Amount) payable on the 
Floating Rate Notes for the relevant Interest Period by applying the Rate of Interest to: 
(i) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes which are (i) represented by a Global Note or (ii) Registered 
Notes in definitive form, the aggregate outstanding nominal amount (A) of the Notes 
represented by such Global Note or (B) such Registered Notes; or 
(ii) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes which are Bearer Notes in definitive form, the Calculation 
Amount, 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the 
resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit 
being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention. Where the 
Specified Denomination of a Floating Rate Note which is a Bearer Note in definitive form is a multiple 
of the Calculation Amount, the Interest Amount payable in respect of such Note shall be the product 
of the amount (determined in the manner provided above) for the Calculation Amount and the amount 
by which the Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination without any 
further rounding. 
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in accordance with 
this Condition 5.2 (Interest on Floating Rate Notes): 
(i) 
if "Actual/Actual (ISDA)" or "Actual/Actual" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
actual number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Interest 
Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (I) the actual number of days in that portion of the

--- Page 70 ---
70 
 
 
Interest Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (II) the actual number of days in that 
portion of the Interest Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(ii) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days 
in the Interest Period divided by 365; 
(iii) 
if "Actual/365 (Sterling)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days 
in the Interest Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest Payment Date falling in a 
leap year, 366; 
(iv) 
if "Actual/360" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 360; 
(v) 
if "30/360", "360/360" or "Bond Basis" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number 
of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
(
)


(
)

(
)
360
1
D
2
D
1
M
2
M
30
1
Y
2
Y
360
−
+
−

+
−

 
where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day of 
the Interest Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Interest Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such number 
is 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which case 
D2 will be 30; 
(vi) 
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of 
days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
(
)


(
)

(
)
360
1
D
2
D
1
M
2
M
30
1
Y
2
Y
360
−
+
−

+
−

 
where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day of 
the Interest Period falls;

--- Page 71 ---
71 
 
 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Interest Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such number 
would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(vii) 
if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
(
)


(
)

(
)
360
1
D
2
D
1
M
2
M
30
1
Y
2
Y
360
−
+
−

+
−

 
where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day of 
the Interest Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Interest Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless (i) that day 
is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Interest Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Maturity Date or 
(ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30. 
(e) 
Linear Interpolation 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the applicable 
Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent 
by straight line linear interpolation by reference to two rates based on the relevant Reference Rate, one 
of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of time for which rates are 
available next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest Period and the other of which shall be 
determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available next 
longer than the length of the relevant Interest Period provided however that if there is no rate available 
for a period of time next shorter or, as the case may be, next longer, then the Calculation Agent shall 
calculate the Rate of Interest at such time and by reference to such sources as the relevant Issuer, in 
consultation with an Independent Adviser acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner as an expert determines appropriate. 
Designated Maturity means the period of time designated in the Reference Rate.

--- Page 72 ---
72 
 
 
(f) 
Benchmark Event 
Notwithstanding the provisions above in this Condition 5.2, if the relevant Issuer determines that a 
Benchmark Event has occurred in relation to an Original Reference Rate at any time when the 
Conditions provide for any Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) to be determined by 
reference to such Original Reference Rate, then the following provisions shall apply: 
(i) 
the relevant Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser to 
determine (acting in good faith) a Successor Rate, failing which an Alternative Rate and in 
either case, an Adjustment Spread and any Benchmark Amendments (each as defined and as 
further described below) no later than 5 Business Days prior to the Interest Determination 
Date relating to the next succeeding Interest Period (the IA Determination Cut-off Date) for 
the purposes of determining the Rate of Interest (or a relevant component part thereof) 
applicable to the Notes for the next succeeding Interest Period and for all future Interest 
Periods (subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 5.2(f) during any future Interest 
Period(s)); 
(ii) 
if the Independent Adviser, acting in good faith, determines that: 
(A) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate shall (as adjusted by the applicable 
Adjustment Spread provided in Condition 5.2(f)(iv)) subsequently be used in place of 
the Original Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant 
component part thereof) for all future payments of interest on the Notes (subject to 
the subsequent operation of this Condition 5.2(f)); or 
(B) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such Alternative 
Rate shall (as adjusted by the applicable Adjustment Spread as provided in Condition 
5.2(f)(iv)) subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference Rate to determine 
the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for all future payments 
of interest on the Notes (subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 5.2(f)); 
(iii) 
if, following the occurrence of a Benchmark Event and in relation to the determination of the 
Rate of Interest on the immediately following Interest Determination Date, the relevant Issuer 
is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser, or the Independent Adviser appointed by it fails 
to determine a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Rate or, in either case, an 
applicable Adjustment Spread, prior to the IA Determination Cut-off Date and the Relevant 
Screen Page is no longer available for use, the Rate of Interest applicable to the next 
succeeding Interest Period shall be equal to the Rate of Interest last determined in relation to 
the Notes in respect of the immediately preceding Interest Period (though substituting, where 
a different Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant 
Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin or 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest Period, in place of the 
Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last preceding Interest 
Period); 
(iv) 
if a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate is determined in accordance with this Condition 5.2(f), 
the Independent Adviser (acting in good faith) shall determine an Adjustment Spread (which 
may be expressed as a specified quantum of, or a formula or methodology for determining, 
such Adjustment Spread), which Adjustment Spread shall be applied to the Successor Rate or 
the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) for each subsequent determination of a relevant Rate 
of Interest (or a relevant component part thereof) by reference to such Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate (as applicable) (subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 5.2(f));

--- Page 73 ---
73 
 
 
(v) 
if any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and (in either case) the applicable Adjustment 
Spread is determined in accordance with this Condition 5.2(f) and the Independent Adviser 
(acting in good faith) determines (i) that amendments to these Conditions and/or the Agency 
Agreement are necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate, Alternative 
Rate and/or Adjustment Spread (such amendments, the Benchmark Amendments) and (ii) 
the terms of the Benchmark Amendments, then the relevant Issuer may also take necessary 
action to effect such Benchmark Amendments (and for the avoidance of doubt, the Principal 
Paying Agent shall, at the direction and expense of the relevant Issuer, consent to and effect 
such consequential amendments to the Agency Agreement and these Conditions as may be 
required in order to give effect to this Condition 5.2(f)). No Noteholder consent shall be 
required in connection with effecting such Benchmark Amendments; and 
(vi) 
the relevant Issuer shall promptly following the determination of any Successor Rate, 
Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread give notice thereof and of any Benchmark 
Amendments to the Principal Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent and the Noteholders. Such 
notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the effective date of the Benchmark Amendments, 
if any and will be binding on the relevant Issuer, the Paying Agents and the Noteholders. 
Without prejudice to the obligations of the relevant Issuer under Conditions 5.2(f)(i), (ii), (iii) and (iv), 
the Original Reference Rate and the fallback provisions provided for in Condition 5.2(b) will continue 
to apply unless and until the Principal Paying Agent and the Calculation Agent have been notified of 
the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be), the Adjustment Spread and 
Benchmark Amendments (if applicable), in accordance with Condition 5.2(f)(vi). 
For the avoidance of doubt, this Condition 5.2(f) shall apply to the determination of the Rate of Interest 
on the relevant Interest Determination Date only and the Rate of Interest applicable to any subsequent 
Interest Periods are subject to the subsequent operation of, and to adjustment as provided in, this 
Condition 5.2(f). 
For the purposes of this Condition 5.2(f):  
Adjustment Spread means either a spread (which may be positive, negative or zero), or the formula 
or methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, which the Independent Adviser acting in good 
faith determines is required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case 
may be) and is the spread, formula or methodology which: 
(a) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended, or formally provided as an option 
for parties to adopt, in relation to the replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the 
Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; or 
(b) 
(if no such recommendation or option has been made, or in the case of an Alternative Rate) 
the Independent Adviser acting in good faith determines is recognised or acknowledged as 
being in customary usage in international debt capital markets transactions which reference 
the Original Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Rate (as the case may be); or 
(c) 
(if no such determination is made) the Independent Adviser acting in good faith determines is 
recognised or acknowledged as being the industry standard for over-the-counter derivative 
transactions which reference the Original Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced 
by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be); or 
(d) 
(if no such industry standard is recognised or acknowledged) the Independent Adviser acting 
in good faith determines to be appropriate to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably 
practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) to

--- Page 74 ---
74 
 
 
Noteholders and Couponholders as a result of the replacement of the Original Reference Rate 
with the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be); 
Alternative Rate means an alternative to the Original Reference Rate which the Independent Adviser 
acting in good faith determines in accordance with Condition 5.2(f)(ii) has replaced the Original 
Reference Rate in customary market usage in the international debt capital markets for the purposes 
of determining rates of interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for the same interest period 
and in the same Specified Currency as the Notes or, if the Independent Adviser determines there is no 
such rate, such other rate as the Independent Adviser acting in good faith determines is most 
comparable to the Original Reference Rate; 
Benchmark Amendments has the meaning given to it in Condition 5.2(f)(iv); 
Benchmark Event means:  
(a) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for a period of at least 5 Business Days 
or ceasing permanently to be calculated, administered and published; or 
(b) 
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the administrator or an insolvency official 
with jurisdiction over the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that it will, on or before 
a specified date, cease publishing the Original Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in 
circumstances where no successor administrator has been appointed that will continue 
publication of the Original Reference Rate) and (ii) the date falling six months prior to the 
date specified in (b)(i); or 
(c) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate has been permanently or indefinitely 
discontinued; or 
(d) 
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate will, on or before a specified date, 
be permanently or indefinitely discontinued and (ii) the date falling six months prior to the 
date specified in (i) above; or 
(e) 
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate that means the Original Reference Rate will be prohibited from being 
used or that its use will be subject to restrictions or adverse consequences, in each case on or 
before a specified date and (ii) the date falling six months prior to the date specified in (e)(i); 
or 
(f) 
it has, or will prior to the next Interest Determination Date, become unlawful for any Paying 
Agent, Calculation Agent, the relevant Issuer or other party to calculate any payments due to 
be made to any Noteholder using the Original Reference Rate (including, without limitation, 
under the Benchmarks Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, if applicable); or 
(g) 
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate announcing that such Original Reference Rate will, on or before a 
specified date, no longer be representative or may no longer be used and (ii) the date falling 
six months prior to the date specified in (g)(i) above; 
Independent Adviser means an independent financial institution of international repute or an 
independent financial adviser with the appropriate expertise appointed by the relevant Issuer at its own 
expense. For the avoidance of doubt, an Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 
5.2(f) shall act in good faith as an expert and (in the absence of bad faith or fraud) shall have no liability

--- Page 75 ---
75 
 
 
whatsoever to the relevant Issuer, the Paying Agents, the Noteholders or the Couponholders for any 
determination made by it pursuant to this Condition 5.2(f); 
Original Reference Rate means the originally-specified Reference Rate or, where a Successor Rate 
or an Alternative Rate has been determined pursuant to Condition 5.2(f), such Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate, as applicable, used to determine the Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) 
on the Notes; 
Relevant Nominating Body means, in respect of a Reference Rate: 
(a) 
the central bank for the currency to which the Reference Rate relates, or any central bank or 
other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of the 
Reference Rate; or 
(b) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted at the 
request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which the Reference Rate relates, (b) any 
central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the 
administrator of the Reference Rate, (c) a group of the aforementioned central banks or other 
supervisory authorities or (d) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof; and 
Successor Rate means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate which is formally 
recommended, or formally provided as an option for parties to adopt, by any Relevant Nominating 
Body. 
(g) 
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amounts 
The Calculation Agent will cause the Rate of Interest and each Interest Amount for each Interest Period 
and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor and any 
stock exchange on which the relevant Floating Rate Notes are for the time being listed and notice 
thereof to be published in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) as soon as possible after their 
determination but in no event later than the fourth London Business Day thereafter. Each Interest 
Amount and Interest Payment Date so notified may subsequently be amended (or appropriate 
alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) without prior notice in the event of an extension 
or shortening of the Interest Period. Any such amendment will promptly be notified to each stock 
exchange on which the relevant Floating Rate Notes are for the time being listed and to the Noteholders 
in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices). For the purposes of this paragraph, the expression London 
Business Day means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks and foreign exchange 
markets are open for general business in London. 
(h) 
Certificates to be final 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and decisions 
given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this Condition 5.2 (Interest 
on Floating Rate Notes) by the Calculation Agent shall (in the absence of wilful default, bad faith or 
manifest error) be binding on the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor, the Principal Paying Agent, the other 
Agents and all Noteholders and Couponholders and (in the absence of wilful default or bad faith) no 
liability to the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor, the Noteholders or the Couponholders shall attach to the 
Calculation Agent in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and 
discretions pursuant to such provisions.

--- Page 76 ---
76 
 
 
5.3 
Accrual of interest 
Each Note (or in the case of the redemption of part only of a Note, that part only of such Note) will 
cease to bear interest (if any) from the date for its redemption unless payment of principal is improperly 
withheld or refused. In such event, interest will continue to accrue until whichever is the earlier of: 
(a) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Note have been paid; and 
(b) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of such Note has 
been received by the Principal Paying Agent or the Registrar, as the case may be, and notice to that 
effect has been given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices). 
5.4 
Adjustment of Rate of Interest for Fixed Rate Notes and Floating Rate Notes 
If a Step Up Rating Change and/or Step Down Rating Change is specified as being applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, the following terms relating to the Rate of Interest for the Notes shall apply: 
(a) 
The Rate of Interest payable on the Notes will be subject to adjustment from time to time in 
the event of a Step Up Rating Change and/or a Step Down Rating Change, as the case may 
be. 
(b) 
Subject to Condition 5.4(d) and 5.4(h) below, from and including the first Interest Payment 
Date falling on or after the date of a Step Up Rating Change, the Rate of Interest (in the case 
of Fixed Rate Notes) or the Margin (in the case of Floating Rate Notes) payable on the Notes 
shall be increased by the Step Up Margin. 
(c) 
Subject to Condition 5.4(d) and 5.4(h) below, in the event of a Step Down Rating Change 
following a Step Up Rating Change, with effect from and including the first Interest Payment 
Date falling on or after the date of such Step Down Rating Change, the Rate of Interest (in the 
case of Fixed Rate Notes) or the Margin (in the case of Floating Rate Notes) payable on the 
Notes shall be decreased by the Step Up Margin back to the initial Rate of Interest (in the case 
of Fixed Rate Notes) or the initial Margin (in the case of Floating Rate Notes). 
(d) 
If a Step Up Rating Change and, subsequently, a Step Down Rating Change occur during the 
same Fixed Interest Period (in the case of Fixed Rate Notes) or the same Interest Period (in 
the case of Floating Rate Notes), the Rate of Interest (in the case of Fixed Rate Notes) or the 
Margin (in the case of Floating Rate Notes) on the Notes shall be neither increased nor 
decreased as a result of either such event. 
(e) 
Castellum shall use all reasonable efforts to maintain credit ratings for its senior unsecured 
long-term debt from Moody's and, if an additional Rating Agency is appointed to rate 
Castellum’s senior unsecured long-term debt by or with the consent of Castellum, such 
additional Rating Agency. If, notwithstanding such reasonable efforts, any Rating Agency 
fails or ceases to assign a credit rating to Castellum’s senior unsecured long-term debt, 
Castellum shall use all reasonable efforts to obtain a credit rating of its senior unsecured long-
term debt from a Substitute Rating Agency, and references herein to such Rating Agency or 
the credit ratings thereof, shall be to such Substitute Rating Agency or, as the case may be, 
the equivalent credit ratings thereof as specified in or determined in accordance with the 
remainder of this Condition 5.4. 
(f) 
Castellum will cause the occurrence of a Step Up Rating Change or a Step Down Rating 
Change giving rise to an adjustment to the Rate of Interest (in the case of Fixed Rate Notes) 
or the Margin (in the case of Floating Rate Notes) payable on the Notes pursuant to this 
Condition 5.4 to be notified to the Principal Paying Agent and (in accordance with Condition

--- Page 77 ---
77 
 
 
14 (Notices)) the Noteholders as soon as reasonably practicable after the occurrence of such 
Step Up Rating Change or Step Down Rating Change, but in no event later than the fifth 
London Business Day thereafter. 
(g) 
If the rating designations employed by any Rating Agency are changed from those which are 
described in this Condition or if a rating is procured from a Substitute Rating Agency other 
than S&P or Fitch, Castellum shall determine the rating designations of such Rating Agency 
or Substitute Rating Agency (as the case may be) as are most equivalent to the prior rating 
designations of the existing Rating Agency (or Rating Agencies, as the case may be). 
(h) 
Notwithstanding any other provision contained herein, there shall be no limit on the number 
of times that the Rate of Interest may be adjusted pursuant hereto during the term of the Notes 
provided that at no time during the term of the Notes will the Rate of Interest be (i) less than 
the initial Rate of Interest or (ii) more than the initial Rate of Interest plus the Step Up Margin 
specified hereon. 
Where: 
Rating Agency, Fitch, Moody's, S&P and Substitute Rating Agency have the meanings 
given to such terms in Condition 7.6 (Redemption at the option of the Noteholders upon a 
Change of Control (Change of Control Put)); 
Step Down Rating Change means the first public announcement by Moody's and, if 
applicable, each other Rating Agency appointed by or with the consent of Castellum, after a 
Step Up Rating Change, that the credit rating of Castellum’s senior unsecured long-term debt 
is at least Baa3 in the case of Moody's and, if applicable, at least BBB- in the case of S&P and 
at least BBB- in the case of Fitch with the result that, following such public announcement, 
no Rating Agency assigns a credit rating below the aforementioned levels or any equivalent 
rating. For the avoidance of doubt, any further increase in the credit rating of Castellum’s 
senior unsecured long-term debt above Baa3 in the case of Moody's and, if applicable, at least 
BBB- in the case of S&P and at least BBB- in the case of Fitch and in respect of any other 
Substitute Rating Agency, an equivalent rating or above shall not constitute a further Step 
Down Rating Change; 
Step Up Margin means the rate per annum specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
Step Up Rating Change means the first public announcement by Moody's or, if applicable, 
any other Rating Agency appointed by or with the consent of Castellum of a decrease in the 
credit rating of Castellum’s senior unsecured long-term debt to below Baa3 (in the case of 
Moody's) or below BBB- (in the case of S&P) or below BBB- (in the case of Fitch). For the 
avoidance of doubt, any further decrease in the credit rating of Castellum’s senior unsecured 
long-term debt below Baa3 in the case of Moody's or, if applicable, below BBB- in the case 
of S&P or below BBB- in the case of Fitch and in respect of any other Substitute Rating 
Agency, an equivalent rating or below shall not constitute a further Step Up Rating Change. 
6. 
PAYMENTS 
6.1 
Method of payment 
Subject as provided below: 
(a) 
payments in a Specified Currency other than euro will be made by credit or transfer to an 
account in the relevant Specified Currency maintained by the payee with a bank in the 
principal financial centre of the country of such Specified Currency (which, if the Specified

--- Page 78 ---
78 
 
 
Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars, shall be Sydney and Auckland, 
respectively); and 
(b) 
payments will be made in euro by credit or transfer to a euro account (or any other account to 
which euro may be credited or transferred) specified by the payee. 
Payments will be subject in all cases to (i) any fiscal or other laws and regulations applicable thereto 
in the place of payment or other laws and regulations to which the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor or 
their Agents are subject, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 8 (Taxation) and (ii) any 
withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code) or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 
1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, any official interpretations 
thereof, or any law implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto (any such withholding or 
deduction, a FATCA Withholding). 
6.2 
Presentation of definitive Bearer Notes and Coupons 
Payments of principal in respect of definitive Bearer Notes will (subject as provided below) be made 
in the manner provided in Condition 6.1 above only against presentation and surrender (or, in the case 
of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of definitive Bearer Notes, and payments of interest in 
respect of definitive Bearer Notes will (subject as provided below) be made as aforesaid only against 
presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of Coupons, 
in each case at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United States (which expression, 
as used herein, means the United States of America (including the States and the District of Columbia 
and its possessions)). 
Fixed Rate Notes in definitive bearer form (other than Long Maturity Notes (as defined below)) should 
be presented for payment together with all unmatured Coupons appertaining thereto (which expression 
shall for this purpose include Coupons falling to be issued on exchange of matured Talons), failing 
which the amount of any missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of payment not being made in 
full, the same proportion of the amount of such missing unmatured Coupon as the sum so paid bears 
to the sum due) will be deducted from the sum due for payment. Each amount of principal so deducted 
will be paid in the manner mentioned above against surrender of the relative missing Coupon at any 
time before the expiry of 10 years after the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 8 (Taxation)) in 
respect of such principal (whether or not such Coupon would otherwise have become void under 
Condition 9 (Prescription) or, if later, five years from the date on which such Coupon would otherwise 
have become due, but in no event thereafter. 
Upon any Fixed Rate Note in definitive bearer form becoming due and repayable prior to its Maturity 
Date, all unmatured Talons (if any) appertaining thereto will become void and no further Coupons will 
be issued in respect thereof. 
Upon the date on which any Floating Rate Note or Long Maturity Note in definitive bearer form 
becomes due and repayable, unmatured Coupons and Talons (if any) relating thereto (whether or not 
attached) shall become void and no payment or, as the case may be, exchange for further Coupons 
shall be made in respect thereof. A Long Maturity Note is a Fixed Rate Note (other than a Fixed Rate 
Note which on issue had a Talon attached) whose nominal amount on issue is less than the aggregate 
interest payable thereon provided that such Note shall cease to be a Long Maturity Note on the Interest 
Payment Date on which the aggregate amount of interest remaining to be paid after that date is less 
than the nominal amount of such Note. 
If the due date for redemption of any definitive Bearer Note is not an Interest Payment Date, interest 
(if any) accrued in respect of such Note from (and including) the preceding Interest Payment Date or,

--- Page 79 ---
79 
 
 
as the case may be, the Interest Commencement Date shall be payable only against surrender of the 
relevant definitive Bearer Note. 
6.3 
Payments in respect of Bearer Global Notes 
Payments of principal and interest (if any) in respect of Notes represented by any Global Note in bearer 
form will (subject as provided below) be made in the manner specified above in relation to definitive 
Bearer Notes or otherwise in the manner specified in the relevant Global Note, where applicable 
against presentation or surrender, as the case may be, of such Global Note at the specified office of 
any Paying Agent outside the United States. A record of each payment made, distinguishing between 
any payment of principal and any payment of interest, will be made either on such Global Note by the 
Paying Agent to which it was presented or in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, 
as applicable. 
6.4 
Payments in respect of Registered Notes 
Payments of principal in respect of each Registered Note (whether or not in global form) will be made 
against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of 
the Registered Note at the specified office of the Registrar or any of the Paying Agents. Such payments 
will be made by transfer to the Designated Account (as defined below) of the holder (or the first named 
of joint holders) of the Registered Note appearing in the register of holders of the Registered Notes 
maintained by the Registrar (the Register) (i) where in global form, at the close of the business day 
(being for this purpose a day on which Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg are open for business) 
before the relevant due date, and (ii) where in definitive form, at the close of business on the third 
business day (being for this purpose a day on which banks are open for business in the city where the 
specified office of the Registrar is located) before the relevant due date. For these purposes, 
Designated Account means the account (which, in the case of a payment in Japanese yen to a non-
resident of Japan, shall be a non-resident account) maintained by a holder with a Designated Bank and 
identified as such in the Register and Designated Bank means (in the case of payment in a Specified 
Currency other than euro) a bank in the principal financial centre of the country of such Specified 
Currency (which, if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars, shall be 
Sydney and Auckland, respectively) and (in the case of a payment in euro) any bank which processes 
payments in euro. 
Payments of interest in respect of each Registered Note (whether or not in global form) will be made 
by transfer on the due date to the Designated Account of the holder (or the first named of joint holders) 
of the Registered Note appearing in the Register (i) where in global form, at the close of the business 
day (being for this purpose a day on which Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg are open for 
business) before the relevant due date, and (ii) where in definitive form, at the close of business on the 
fifteenth day (whether or not such fifteenth day is a business day) before the relevant due date (the 
Record Date). Payment of the interest due in respect of each Registered Note on redemption will be 
made in the same manner as payment of the principal amount of such Registered Note. 
No commissions or expenses shall be charged to the holders by the Registrar in respect of any 
payments of principal or interest in respect of Registered Notes. 
None of the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor or the Agents will have any responsibility or liability for 
any aspect of the records relating to, or payments made on account of, beneficial ownership interests 
in the Registered Global Notes or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to 
such beneficial ownership interests.

--- Page 80 ---
80 
 
 
6.5 
General provisions applicable to payments 
The holder of a Global Note shall be the only person entitled to receive payments in respect of Notes 
represented by such Global Note and the relevant Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor will be 
discharged by payment to, or to the order of, the holder of such Global Note in respect of each amount 
so paid. Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as the 
beneficial holder of a particular nominal amount of Notes represented by such Global Note must look 
solely to Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, for their share of each payment 
so made by the relevant Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor to, or to the order of, the holder 
of such Global Note. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Condition, if any amount of principal and/or interest 
in respect of Bearer Notes is payable in U.S. dollars, such U.S. dollar payments of principal and/or 
interest in respect of such Notes will be made at the specified office of a Paying Agent in the United 
States if: 
(a) 
the relevant Issuer has appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United 
States with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make 
payment in U.S. dollars at such specified offices outside the United States of the full amount 
of principal and interest on the Bearer Notes in the manner provided above when due; 
(b) 
payment of the full amount of such principal and interest at all such specified offices outside 
the United States is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar 
restrictions on the full payment or receipt of principal and interest in U.S. dollars; and 
(c) 
such payment is then permitted under United States law without involving, in the opinion of 
the relevant Issuer and the Guarantor, adverse tax consequences to the relevant Issuer or the 
Guarantor. 
6.6 
Payment Day 
If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note or Coupon is not a Payment Day, the 
holder thereof shall not be entitled to payment until the next following Payment Day in the relevant 
place and shall not be entitled to further interest or other payment in respect of such delay. For these 
purposes, Payment Day means any day which (subject to Condition 9 (Prescription)) is: 
(a) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open 
for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits): 
(i) 
in the case of Notes in definitive form only, in the relevant place of presentation; and 
(ii) 
in each Additional Financial Centre (other than T2) specified in the applicable Final 
Terms;  
(b) 
if T2 is specified as an Additional Financial Centre in the applicable Final Terms, a day on 
which T2 is open; and 
(c) 
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the 
principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (which if the 
Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars shall be Sydney and 
Auckland, respectively) or (2) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which T2 is 
open.

--- Page 81 ---
81 
 
 
6.7 
Interpretation of principal and interest 
Any reference in the Conditions to principal in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, as 
applicable: 
(a) 
any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to principal under Condition 8 
(Taxation); 
(b) 
the Final Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(c) 
the Early Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(d) 
the Optional Redemption Amount(s) (if any) of the Notes; 
(e) 
the Change of Control Redemption Amount (if any) of the Notes; and 
(f) 
any premium and any other amounts (other than interest) which may be payable by the 
relevant Issuer under or in respect of the Notes. 
Any reference in the Conditions to interest in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, as 
applicable, any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to interest under Condition 8 
(Taxation). 
7. 
REDEMPTION AND PURCHASE 
7.1 
Redemption at maturity 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as specified below, each Note will be 
redeemed by the relevant Issuer at its Final Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Final 
Terms in the relevant Specified Currency on the Maturity Date specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
7.2 
Redemption for tax reasons 
The Notes may be redeemed at the option of the relevant Issuer in whole, but not in part, at any time 
(if this Note is not a Floating Rate Note) or on any Interest Payment Date (if this Note is a Floating 
Rate Note), on giving not less than the minimum period nor more than the maximum period of notice 
each as specified in the applicable Final Terms to the Principal Paying Agent and, in accordance with 
Condition 14 (Notices), the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), if: 
(a) 
on the occasion of the next payment due under the Notes, the relevant Issuer has or will 
become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in Condition 8 (Taxation) 
or the Guarantor is unable to procure payment by the relevant Issuer and in making payment 
itself would be required to pay such additional amounts, in each case as a result of any change 
in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of a Tax Jurisdiction (as defined in Condition 8 
(Taxation)) or any change in the application or official interpretation of such laws or 
regulations, which change or amendment becomes effective on or after the date on which 
agreement is reached to issue the first Tranche of the Notes; and 
(b) 
such obligation cannot be avoided by the relevant Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor 
taking reasonable measures available to it, 
provided that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest date 
on which the relevant Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor would be obliged to pay such

--- Page 82 ---
82 
 
 
additional amounts were a payment in respect of the Notes then due or, as the case may be, a demand 
under the Guarantee then made. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition, the relevant Issuer shall 
deliver to the Principal Paying Agent to make available for inspection at its specified office to the 
Noteholders (i) a certificate signed by two Authorised Signatories of the relevant Issuer or, as the case 
may be, two Authorised Signatories of the Guarantor, stating that the relevant Issuer is entitled to 
effect such redemption and setting forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to 
the right of the relevant Issuer so to redeem have occurred and (ii) an opinion of independent legal 
advisers of recognised standing to the effect that the relevant Issuer or, as the case may be, the 
Guarantor has or will become obliged to pay such additional amounts as a result of such change or 
amendment.  
Notes redeemed pursuant to this Condition 7.2 (Redemption for tax reasons) will be redeemed at their 
Early Redemption Amount referred to in Condition 7.8 (Early Redemption Amounts) below together 
with any interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of redemption. 
7.3 
Redemption at the option of the relevant Issuer (Issuer Call) 
If Issuer Call is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant Issuer may, 
having given not less than the minimum period nor more than the maximum period of notice each as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) 
(which notice shall be irrevocable (other than in the circumstances set out in the next paragraph) and 
shall specify the date fixed for redemption), redeem all or some only of the Notes then outstanding on 
any Optional Redemption Date and at the Optional Redemption Amount(s) each as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the relevant 
Optional Redemption Date.  
Where the Optional Redemption Amount is Spens Amount or Make-whole Amount, any such notice 
of redemption may, at the relevant Issuer's discretion, be subject to one or more conditions precedent, 
in which case such notice shall state that, in the relevant Issuer's discretion, the Optional Redemption 
Date may be delayed until such time as any or all such conditions shall be satisfied (or waived by the 
relevant Issuer in its sole discretion), or such redemption may not occur and such notice may be 
rescinded in the event that any or all such conditions shall not have been satisfied (or waived by the 
relevant Issuer in its sole discretion) by the Optional Redemption Date, or by the Optional Redemption 
Date so delayed. Any such redemption must be of a nominal amount not less than the Minimum 
Redemption Amount and not more than the Maximum Redemption Amount, in each case as may be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
The Optional Redemption Amount will either be the specified percentage of the nominal amount of 
the Notes stated in the applicable Final Terms or, if either Spens Amount or Make-whole Amount is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, will be: 
(a) 
if Spens Amount is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the higher of 
(i) 100 per cent. of the nominal amount outstanding of the Notes to be redeemed and (ii) the 
nominal amount outstanding of the Notes to be redeemed multiplied by the price, as reported 
to the relevant Issuer by the Determination Agent, at which the Gross Redemption Yield to 
maturity or, if a Par Call Period is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Gross 
Redemption Yield to the Par Call Period Commencement Date on such Notes on the Reference 
Date is equal to the Gross Redemption Yield (determined by reference to the middle market 
price) at the Quotation Time on the Reference Date of the Reference Bond, plus the 
Redemption Margin, all as determined by the Determination Agent; or

--- Page 83 ---
83 
 
 
(b) 
if Make-whole Amount is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the higher of 
(i) 100 per cent. of the nominal amount outstanding of the Notes to be redeemed and (ii) the 
sum of the present values of the nominal amount outstanding of the Notes to be redeemed and 
the Remaining Term Interest on such Notes (exclusive of interest accrued to the date of 
redemption) and such present values shall be calculated by discounting such amounts to the 
date of redemption on an annual, semi-annual or such other basis as is equivalent to the 
frequency of interest payments on the Notes (as determined by the Determination Agent) 
(based on the Day Count Fraction specified in the applicable Final Terms) at the Reference 
Bond Rate, plus the Redemption Margin, all as determined by the Determination Agent.  
In this Condition: 
DA Selected Bond means a government security or securities (which if the Specified Currency is 
euro, will be a German Bundesobligationen) selected by the Determination Agent as having an actual 
or interpolated maturity comparable with the remaining term of the Notes, that would be utilised, at 
the time of selection and in accordance with customary financial practice, in pricing new issues of 
corporate debt securities denominated in the Specified Currency and of a comparable maturity to the 
remaining term of the Notes; 
Determination Agent means a leading investment bank or financial institution of international 
standing selected by the relevant Issuer; 
Gross Redemption Yield means, with respect to a security, the gross redemption yield on such 
security, expressed as a percentage and calculated by the Determination Agent on the basis set out by 
the United Kingdom Debt Management Office in the paper "Formulae for Calculating Gilt Prices from 
Yields", page 5, Section One: Price/Yield Formulae "Conventional Gilts; Double-dated and Undated 
Gilts with Assumed (or Actual) Redemption on a Quasi-Coupon Date" (published 8 June 1998 and 
updated on 15 January 2002, 16 March 2005 and as further amended or updated from time to time) on 
a semi-annual compounding basis (converted to an annualised yield and rounded up (if necessary) to 
four decimal places) or, if such formula does not reflect generally accepted market practice at the time 
of redemption, a gross redemption yield calculated in accordance with generally accepted market 
practice at such time as determined by the Determination Agent; 
Make-whole Amount has the meaning given to it in Condition 7.3(b) above; 
Quotation Time shall be as set out in the applicable Final Terms; 
Redemption Margin shall be as set out in the applicable Final Terms; 
Reference Bond shall be as set out in the applicable Final Terms or the DA Selected Bond; 
Reference Bond Price means, with respect to any date of redemption, (a) the arithmetic average of 
the Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations for such date of redemption, after excluding the 
highest and lowest such Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations, (b) if the Determination 
Agent obtains fewer than four but more than one such Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations, 
the arithmetic average of all such quotations, (c) if the Determination Agent obtains only one such 
Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotation, such quotation so obtained, or (d) if no Reference 
Government Bond Dealer Quotations are provided, the price determined by the Determination Agent 
(or failing which the Issuer, in consultation with the Determination Agent), acting in a commercially 
reasonable manner, at such time and by reference to such sources as it deems appropriate; 
Reference Bond Rate means, with respect to any date of redemption, the rate per annum equal to the 
annual or semi-annual yield (as the case may be) to maturity or interpolated yield to maturity (on the

--- Page 84 ---
84 
 
 
relevant day count basis) of the Reference Bond, assuming a price for the Reference Bond (expressed 
as a percentage of its nominal amount) equal to the Reference Bond Price for such date of redemption; 
Reference Date will be set out in the relevant notice of redemption; 
Reference Government Bond Dealer means each of five banks selected by the relevant Issuer, or 
their affiliates, which are (A) primary government securities dealers, and their respective successors, 
or (B) market makers in pricing corporate bond issues; 
Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations means, with respect to each Reference 
Government Bond Dealer and any date of redemption, the arithmetic average, as determined by the 
Determination Agent, of the bid and offered prices for the Reference Bond (expressed in each case as 
a percentage of its nominal amount) at the Quotation Time on the Reference Date quoted in writing to 
the Determination Agent by such Reference Government Bond Dealer; 
Remaining Term Interest means, with respect to any Note, the aggregate amount of scheduled 
payment(s) of interest on such Note for the remaining term to maturity of such Note (or, if Issuer Par 
Call is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the remaining term up to the Par 
Call Period Commencement Date as specified in the applicable Final Terms) determined on the basis 
of the rate of interest applicable to such Note from and including the date on which such Note is to be 
redeemed by the relevant Issuer pursuant to this Condition 7.3 (Redemption at the option of the 
relevant Issuer (Issuer Call)); and 
Spens Amount has the meaning given to it in Condition 7.3(a) above.  
In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, the Notes to be redeemed (Redeemed Notes) will (i) in 
the case of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive Notes, be selected individually by lot, not more 
than 30 days prior to the date fixed for redemption and (ii) in the case of Redeemed Notes represented 
by a Global Note, be selected in accordance with the rules of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, (to be reflected in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a 
pool factor or a reduction in nominal amount, at their discretion). In the case of Redeemed Notes 
represented by definitive Notes, a list of the serial numbers of such Redeemed Notes will be published 
in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) not less than 15 days prior to the date fixed for redemption. 
7.4 
Redemption at the option of the relevant Issuer (Issuer Par Call) 
If Issuer Par Call is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant Issuer 
may, having given not less than the minimum period nor more than the maximum period of notice 
specified in the applicable Final Terms to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) 
(which notice shall be irrevocable and specify the date fixed for redemption), redeem the Notes then 
outstanding in whole, but not in part, at any time during the Par Call Period specified as being 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, at the Final Redemption Amount specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, together (if appropriate) with interest accrued but unpaid to (but excluding) the date fixed 
for redemption. 
7.5 
Redemption at the option of the Noteholders (Investor Put) 
If Investor Put is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, upon the holder of any 
Note giving to the relevant Issuer in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) not less than the minimum 
period nor more than the maximum period of notice specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
relevant Issuer will, upon the expiry of such notice, redeem such Note on the Optional Redemption 
Date and at the Optional Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms together, if 
appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the Optional Redemption Date.

--- Page 85 ---
85 
 
 
To exercise the right to require redemption of this Note the holder of this Note must, if this Note is in 
definitive form and held outside Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, deliver, at the specified 
office of any Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes) or the Registrar (in the case of Registered 
Notes) at any time during normal business hours of such Paying Agent or, as the case may be, the 
Registrar falling within the notice period, a duly completed and signed notice of exercise in the form 
(for the time being current) obtainable from any specified office of any Paying Agent or, as the case 
may be, the Registrar (a Put Notice) and in which the holder must specify a bank account to which 
payment is to be made under this Condition and, in the case of Registered Notes, the nominal amount 
thereof to be redeemed and, if less than the full nominal amount of the Registered Notes so surrendered 
is to be redeemed, an address to which a new Registered Note in respect of the balance of such 
Registered Notes is to be sent subject to and in accordance with the provisions of Condition 2.2 
(Transfers of Registered Notes in definitive form). If this Note is in definitive bearer form, the Put 
Notice must be accompanied by this Note or evidence satisfactory to the Paying Agent concerned that 
this Note will, following delivery of the Put Notice, be held to its order or under its control. 
If this Note is represented by a Global Note or is in definitive form and held through Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, to exercise the right to require redemption of this Note the holder of this 
Note must, within the notice period, give notice to the Principal Paying Agent of such exercise in 
accordance with the standard procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (which may 
include notice being given on their instruction by Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg, or any 
common depositary or common safekeeper, as the case may be for them to the Principal Paying Agent 
by electronic means) in a form acceptable to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg from time to 
time. 
Any Put Notice or other notice given in accordance with the standard procedures of Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg by a holder of any Note pursuant to this Condition 7.5 (Redemption at the 
option of the Noteholders (Investor Put)) shall be irrevocable except where, prior to the due date of 
redemption, an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, in which event such holder, at its 
option, may elect by notice to the relevant Issuer to withdraw the notice given pursuant to this 
Condition 7.5 (Redemption at the option of the Noteholders (Investor Put)) and instead to declare such 
Note forthwith due and payable pursuant to Condition 10 (Events of Default and Enforcement). 
7.6 
Redemption at the option of the Noteholders upon a Change of Control (Change of Control Put) 
If a Change of Control Put is specified in the applicable Final Terms, upon the occurrence of a Change 
of Control Put Event (as defined below), each Noteholder will have the option (the Change of Control 
Put Option) to require the relevant Issuer to redeem or, at the relevant Issuer's option, purchase (or 
procure the purchase of) that Noteholder's Notes on the Change of Control Put Date (as defined below) 
at the Change of Control Redemption Amount together with interest accrued to but excluding the date 
of redemption or purchase.  
Promptly upon the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor becoming aware that a Change of Control Put 
Event has occurred and, in any event, within 5 days of the relevant Issuer and/or the Guarantor 
becoming aware that such Change of Control Put Event has occurred, the relevant Issuer and/or the 
Guarantor shall give notice (a Change of Control Put Event Notice) to the Noteholders in accordance 
with Condition 14 (Notices) specifying the nature of the Change of Control Put Event and the 
procedure for exercising the Change of Control Put Option. 
To exercise the Change of Control Put Option, the holder of this Note must, if this Note is in definitive 
form and held outside Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, deliver, at the specified office of any 
Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes) or the Registrar (in the case of Registered Notes) at any 
time during normal business hours of such Paying Agent or, as the case may be, the Registrar, on any 
Payment Day (as defined in Condition 6.6 (Payment Day)) at the place of such specified office falling

--- Page 86 ---
86 
 
 
within the Change of Control Put Period (as defined below), a duly signed and completed notice of 
exercise in the form (for the time being current obtainable from any specified office of any Paying 
Agent or, as the case may be, the Registrar (a Change of Control Put Exercise Notice) and in which 
the holder must specify a bank account (or, if payment is to be made by cheque, an address) to which 
payment is to be made under this Condition 7.6 (Redemption at the option of the Noteholders upon a 
Change of Control (Change of Control Put)) and, in the case of Registered Notes, the nominal amount 
thereof to be redeemed and, if less than the full nominal amount of the Registered Notes so surrendered 
is to be redeemed, an address to which a new Registered Note in respect of the balance of such 
Registered Notes is to be sent subject to and in accordance with the provisions of Condition 2.2 
(Transfers of Registered Notes in definitive form). If this Note is in definitive bearer form, the Change 
of Control Put Exercise Notice must be accompanied by this Note or evidence satisfactory to the 
Paying Agent concerned that this Note will, following the delivery of the Change of Control Put 
Exercise Notice, be held to its order or under its control.  
If this Note is represented by a Global Note or is in definitive form and held through Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, to exercise the right to require redemption or, as the case may be, purchase 
of this Note under this Condition 7.6 (Redemption at the option of the Noteholders upon a Change of 
Control (Change of Control Put)) the holder of this Note must, within the Change of Control Put 
Period, give notice to the Principal Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes) or the Registrar (in the 
case of Registered Notes) of such exercise in accordance with the standard procedures of Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (which may include notice being given on their instruction by 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any common depositary or common safekeeper, as the 
case may be, for them to the Principal Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes) or the Registrar (in 
the case of Registered Notes) by electronic means) in a form acceptable to Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg from time to time. 
A Change of Control Put Exercise Notice given by a holder of any Note shall be irrevocable except 
where, prior to the due date of redemption or purchase, an Event of Default has occurred and is 
continuing, in which event such holder, at its option, may elect by notice to the relevant Issuer to 
withdraw the Change of Control Put Exercise Notice given pursuant to this Condition 7.6 (Redemption 
at the option of the Noteholders upon a Change of Control (Change of Control Put)) and instead treat 
its Notes as being forthwith due and payable pursuant to Condition 10 (Events of Default and 
Enforcement). 
Any Note which is the subject of a Change of Control Put Exercise Notice which has been delivered 
as described above prior to the expiry of the Change of Control Put Period shall be redeemed or, as 
the case may be, purchased by (or on behalf of) the relevant Issuer on the date which is the seventh 
Business Day as defined in Condition 5.2(a) (Interest Payment Dates) immediately following the last 
day of the Change of Control Put Period (the Change of Control Put Date).  
If 75 per cent. or more in nominal amount of the Notes outstanding on the date on which the Change 
of Control Put Exercise Notice is given have been redeemed pursuant to this Condition 7.6 
(Redemption at the option of the Noteholders upon a Change of Control (Change of Control Put)), the 
relevant Issuer may on not less than 30 or more than 60 days' notice to the Noteholders given within 
30 days after the Change of Control Put Date, redeem or purchase all outstanding Notes at the Change 
of Control Redemption Amount together with interest accrued to but excluding the date of such 
redemption. 
In these Conditions:  
a Change of Control Put Event will be deemed to occur if: 
(a) 
any Person or any Persons acting in concert shall acquire (A) shares in the issued or allotted 
share capital of Castellum carrying more than 50 per cent. of the voting rights normally

--- Page 87 ---
87 
 
 
exercisable at a general meeting of Castellum or (B) the power to appoint or remove the 
majority of the members of the board of directors of Castellum (each such event being, a 
Change of Control); and 
(b) 
on the date (the Relevant Announcement Date) that is the earlier of (1) the date of the earliest 
Potential Change of Control Announcement (as defined below) (if any) and (2) the date of the 
first public announcement of the relevant Change of Control, the Notes carry:  
(i) 
an investment grade credit rating (Baa3/BBB-/BBB-, or equivalent, or better) (an 
Investment Grade Rating) from any Rating Agency (provided by such Rating 
Agency at the invitation or with the consent of Castellum) and, within the Change of 
Control Period, any such Rating Agency downgrades its rating of the Notes to a non-
investment grade credit rating (Ba1/BB+/BB+ or equivalent, or worse) or withdraws 
its rating of the Notes and such rating is not within the Change of Control Period (in 
the case of a downgrade) upgraded or (in the case of a withdrawal) reinstated to an 
Investment Grade Rating by such Rating Agency; or  
(ii) 
a non-investment grade credit rating (Ba1/BB+/BB+ or equivalent or worse) from 
any Rating Agency (provided by such Rating Agency at the invitation or with the 
consent of Castellum) and such rating from any Rating Agency is within the Change 
of Control Period downgraded by one or more notches (for illustration, 
Ba1/BB+/BB+ to Ba2/BB/BB being one notch) or withdrawn and is not within the 
Change of Control Period subsequently (in the case of a downgrade) upgraded or (in 
the case of a withdrawal) reinstated to its earlier credit rating or better by such Rating 
Agency; or 
(iii) 
no credit rating from any Rating Agency and a Negative Rating Event also occurs 
within the Change of Control Period, 
and 
(c) 
in making the relevant decision(s) referred to above, the relevant Rating Agency announces 
publicly or confirms in writing to the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor that such downgrading 
and/or withdrawal resulted, directly or indirectly, from the Change of Control or the Potential 
Change of Control Announcement (whether or not the Change of Control shall have occurred 
at the time such rating is downgraded and/or withdrawn). Upon receipt by the relevant Issuer 
or the Guarantor of any such written confirmation, the relevant Issuer shall forthwith give 
notice of such written confirmation to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 
(Notices) 
If the rating designations employed by Moody's, S&P or Fitch are changed from those which are 
described in paragraph (b) of the definition of "Change of Control Put Event" above, or if a rating is 
procured from a Substitute Rating Agency, Castellum shall determine the rating designations of 
Moody's, S&P or Fitch or such Substitute Rating Agency (as appropriate) as are most equivalent to 
the prior rating designations of Moody's, S&P or Fitch and this Condition 7.6 (Redemption at the 
option of the Noteholders upon a Change of Control (Change of Control Put)) shall be construed 
accordingly. 
Change of Control Period means the period commencing on the Relevant Announcement Date and 
ending 120 days after the occurrence of the Change of Control or, where a Rating Agency has publicly 
announced that the Notes are under consideration for rating review or, as the case may be, being 
assigned a solicited rating (such public announcement being within the period ending 120 days after 
the Change of Control), the later of (i) such 120th day after the Change of Control and (ii) the date 
falling 60 days after such public announcement;

--- Page 88 ---
88 
 
 
Change of Control Put Period means the period from, and including, the date of a Change of Control 
Put Event Notice to, but excluding, the 45th day following the date of the Change of Control Put Event 
Notice or, if earlier, the eighth day immediately preceding the Maturity Date; 
Fitch means Fitch Ratings Limited; 
Moody's means Moody's Investors Service Ltd; 
Negative Rating Event shall be deemed to have occurred if (i) the relevant Issuer does not, prior to 
or not later than 21 days after the occurrence of the relevant Change of Control, seek, and thereafter 
throughout the Change of Control Period use all reasonable endeavours to obtain, a rating of the Notes 
or (ii) if the relevant Issuer does so seek and use all such reasonable endeavours, it is unable to obtain 
such rating of at least investment grade (Baa3/BBB-/BBB- or equivalent or better) by the end of the 
Change of Control Period and the relevant Rating Agency announces publicly or confirms in writing 
to the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor that the failure to issue a rating of at least investment grade 
(Baa3/BBB-/BBB- or equivalent or better) was as a result, directly or indirectly, of the Change of 
Control or the Potential Change of Control Announcement (whether or not the Change of Control had 
occurred at such time);  
Potential Change of Control Announcement means any public announcement or statement by or on 
behalf of Castellum, any actual or potential bidder or any adviser acting on behalf of any actual or 
potential bidder relating to any potential Change of Control where within 180 days following the date 
of such announcement or statement, a Change of Control occurs; and 
Rating Agency means Moody's, S&P or Fitch or any of their respective successors or any other rating 
agency (a Substitute Rating Agency) of equivalent international standing specified by the relevant 
Issuer from time to time; and  
S&P and Standard & Poor's means S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited. 
7.7 
Clean-Up Call 
If Clean-Up Call is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, in the event that 75 
per cent. or more in principal amount of the Notes initially issued (which shall include, for these 
purposes, any further Notes issued pursuant to Condition 17 (Further Issues)) have been redeemed 
pursuant to Condition 7.5 (Redemption at the option of the Noteholders (Investor Put)) or Condition 
7.6 (Redemption at the option of the Noteholders upon a Change of Control (Change of Control Put)) 
or purchased and cancelled pursuant to Condition 7.9 (Purchases), the relevant Issuer may, having 
given not less than the minimum period nor more than the maximum period of notice specified in the 
applicable Final Terms to the Principal Paying Agent and the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 14 (Notices), redeem or, at the relevant Issuer’s option, purchase (or procure the purchase 
of) all but not some only of, the Notes then outstanding at the Optional Redemption Amount specified 
in the applicable Final Terms together with interest accrued to but excluding the date of such 
redemption. The notice referred to in the preceding sentence shall be irrevocable and shall specify the 
date fixed for redemption.  
7.8 
Early Redemption Amounts 
For the purpose of Condition 7.2 (Redemption for tax reasons) and Condition 10 (Events of Default 
and Enforcement): 
(a) 
each Note (other than a Zero Coupon Note) will be redeemed at its Early Redemption Amount 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms; or

--- Page 89 ---
89 
 
 
(b) 
each Zero Coupon Note will be redeemed at its Early Redemption Amount being an amount 
calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
Early Redemption Amount = RP x (1 + AY)y 
where: 
RP 
means the Reference Price; 
AY 
means the Accrual Yield (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) expressed as a decimal; 
and 
y 
is the Day Count Fraction specified in the applicable Final Terms which will be either (i) 
30/360 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the number of days (calculated on the 
basis of a 360-day year consisting of 12 months of 30 days each) from (and including) the 
Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption 
or (as the case may be) the date upon which such Note becomes due and repayable and the 
denominator will be 360) or (ii) Actual/360 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the 
actual number of days from (and including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to 
(but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which such 
Note becomes due and repayable and the denominator will be 360) or (iii) Actual/365 (in 
which case the numerator will be equal to the actual number of days from (and including) the 
Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption 
or (as the case may be) the date upon which such Note becomes due and repayable and the 
denominator will be 365).  
7.9 
Purchases 
The relevant Issuer, the Guarantor or any of their respective Subsidiaries may at any time purchase 
Notes (provided that, in the case of definitive Bearer Notes, all unmatured Coupons and Talons 
appertaining thereto are purchased therewith) at any price in the open market or otherwise. Such Notes 
may be held, reissued, resold or, at the option of the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor or the relevant 
Subsidiary surrendered to any Paying Agent and/or the Registrar for cancellation. 
7.10 
Cancellation 
All Notes which are redeemed will forthwith be cancelled (together with all unmatured Coupons and 
Talons attached thereto or surrendered therewith at the time of redemption). All Notes so cancelled 
and any Notes purchased and cancelled pursuant to Condition 7.9 above (together with all unmatured 
Coupons and Talons cancelled therewith) shall be forwarded to the Principal Paying Agent and cannot 
be reissued or resold. 
7.11 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes 
If the amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note upon redemption of such Zero Coupon 
Note pursuant to Condition 7.1 (Redemption at maturity), 7.2 (Redemption for tax reasons), 7.3 
(Redemption at the option of the relevant Issuer (Issuer Call)) or 7.4 (Redemption at the option of the 
relevant Issuer (Issuer Par Call)) or upon its becoming due and repayable as provided in Condition 
10 (Events of Default and Enforcement) is improperly withheld or refused, the amount due and 
repayable in respect of such Zero Coupon Note shall be the amount calculated as provided in Condition 
7.8(b) as though the references therein to the date fixed for the redemption or the date upon which 
such Zero Coupon Note becomes due and payable were replaced by references to the date which is the 
earlier of:

--- Page 90 ---
90 
 
 
(a) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Zero Coupon Note have been paid; and 
(b) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of such 
Zero Coupon Notes has been received by the Principal Paying Agent or the Registrar and 
notice to that effect has been given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 
(Notices). 
8. 
TAXATION 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes and Coupons by or on behalf of the 
relevant Issuer or the Guarantor will be made without withholding or deduction for or on account of 
any present or future taxes or duties of whatever nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of any Tax 
Jurisdiction unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. In such event, the relevant Issuer 
or, as the case may be, the Guarantor will pay such additional amounts as shall be necessary in order 
that the net amounts received by the holders of the Notes or Coupons after such withholding or 
deduction shall equal the respective amounts of principal and interest which would otherwise have 
been receivable in respect of the Notes or Coupons, as the case may be, in the absence of such 
withholding or deduction; except that no such additional amounts shall be payable with respect to any 
Note or Coupon: 
(a) 
presented for payment in a Tax Jurisdiction; or 
(b) 
the holder of which is liable for such taxes or duties in respect of such Note or Coupon by 
reason of the holder’s having some connection with a Tax Jurisdiction other than the mere 
holding of such Note or Coupon; or 
(c) 
presented for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date (as defined below) except 
to the extent that the holder thereof would have been entitled to an additional amount on 
presenting the same for payment on such thirtieth day assuming that day to have been a 
Payment Day (as defined in Condition 6.6 (Payment Day)).  
Notwithstanding any other provision of these Conditions, in no event will the relevant Issuer or any 
other person be required to pay any additional amounts in respect of the Notes and Coupons for, or on 
account of, any FATCA Withholding. 
As used herein: 
(i) 
Tax Jurisdiction means the Kingdom of Sweden (in the case of payments by Castellum) or 
the Republic of Finland (in the case of payments by Castellum Finance) or, in either case, any 
political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power to tax or any other 
jurisdiction (or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power to 
tax) to which payments made by the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor of principal and interest 
on the Notes or under the Guarantee become generally subject; and 
(ii) 
the Relevant Date means the date on which such payment first becomes due, except that, if 
the full amount of the moneys payable has not been duly received by the Principal Paying 
Agent or the Registrar, as the case may be, on or prior to such due date, it means the date on 
which, the full amount of such moneys having been so received, notice to that effect is duly 
given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices). 
9. 
PRESCRIPTION 
The Notes (whether in bearer or registered form) and Coupons will become void unless claims in 
respect of principal and/or interest are made within a period of 10 years (in the case of principal) and

--- Page 91 ---
91 
 
 
five years (in the case of interest) after the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 8 (Taxation)) 
therefor. 
There shall not be included in any Coupon sheet issued on exchange of a Talon any Coupon the claim 
for payment in respect of which would be void pursuant to this Condition or Condition 6.2 
(Presentation of definitive Bearer Notes and Coupons) or any Talon which would be void pursuant to 
Condition 6.2 (Presentation of definitive Bearer Notes and Coupons). 
10. 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT AND ENFORCEMENT 
10.1 
Events of Default  
If any one or more of the following events (each an Event of Default) occurs and is continuing: 
(a) 
if default is made in the payment in the Specified Currency of any principal or interest due in 
respect of the Notes or any of them and the default continues for a period of seven days in the 
case of principal and 14 days in the case of interest; or 
(b) 
if Castellum fails to maintain the Consolidated Coverage Ratio in accordance with Condition 
4.2(c) (Financial Covenants) and such breach continues for 90 days; 
(c) 
if the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor fails to perform or observe any of its other obligations 
under these Conditions or the Guarantee and (except in any case where the failure is incapable 
of remedy when no such continuation or notice as is hereinafter mentioned will be required) 
the failure continues unremedied for the period of 30 days next following the service by a 
Noteholder on the relevant Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor of written notice 
requiring the same to be remedied; or 
(d) 
if (i) any Financial Indebtedness of the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor or any of their 
respective Subsidiaries becomes due and repayable prior to its stated maturity by reason of an 
event of default (however described); (ii) the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor or any of their 
respective Subsidiaries fails to make any payment in respect of any Financial Indebtedness on 
the due date for payment (as extended by any originally applicable grace period); (iii) any 
security given by the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor or any of their respective Subsidiaries for 
any Financial Indebtedness becomes enforceable and steps are taken to enforce the same; or 
(iv) default is made by the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor or any of their respective Subsidiaries 
in making any payment due under any guarantee and/or indemnity given by it in relation to 
any Financial Indebtedness of any other person; provided that no event described in this 
subparagraph 10.1(d) shall constitute an Event of Default unless the relevant amount of 
Financial Indebtedness, either alone or when aggregated (without duplication) with other 
amounts of Financial Indebtedness in respect of which one or more of the events set out in 
this Condition 10.1(d) occurs amounts to at least 1 per cent. of the Consolidated Total Assets; 
or 
(e) 
if any order is made by any competent court or resolution passed for the winding up or 
dissolution of the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor or any Material Subsidiary, save for the 
purposes of reorganisation, amalgamation, adjustment or restructuring of the Group whilst 
solvent on terms previously approved by an Extraordinary Resolution; or 
(f) 
if (a) the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor or any Material Subsidiary ceases or threatens to cease 
to carry on the whole or substantially the whole of its business, save: (i) for the purposes of 
any reorganisation, amalgamation, adjustment or restructuring of the Group whilst solvent; 
(ii) in respect of a Material Subsidiary, in connection with the sale on an arm's length basis of 
the assets or business of such Material Subsidiary for full consideration received by the Group,

--- Page 92 ---
92 
 
 
all of the proceeds of which are reinvested in the Group (including for the avoidance of doubt, 
using such proceeds to repay any Financial Indebtedness of the Group); or (iii) on terms 
previously approved by an Extraordinary Resolution, or (b) the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor 
or any Material Subsidiary becomes insolvent or is unable to, or admits inability to, pay its 
debts (or any class of its debts) as they fall due, or is deemed unable to pay its debts pursuant 
to or for the purposes of any applicable law, or is adjudicated or found bankrupt or insolvent; 
or  
(g) 
if (i) proceedings are initiated against the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor or any Material 
Subsidiary under any applicable liquidation, insolvency, composition, reorganisation or other 
similar laws, or an application is made (or documents filed with a court) for the appointment 
of an administrative or other receiver, manager, administrator or other similar official, or an 
administrative or other receiver, manager, administrator or other similar official is appointed, 
in relation to the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor or any Material Subsidiary or, as the case may 
be, in relation to the whole or any part of the undertaking or assets of any of them, or an 
encumbrancer takes possession of the whole or any part of the undertaking or assets of any of 
them, or a distress, execution, attachment, sequestration or other process is levied, enforced 
upon, sued out or put in force against the whole or any part of the undertaking or assets of any 
of them and (ii) in any case (other than the appointment of an administrator) is not discharged 
within 60 days; or  
(h) 
if the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor or any Material Subsidiary (or their respective directors 
or shareholders) initiates or consents to judicial proceedings relating to itself under any 
applicable liquidation, insolvency, composition, reorganisation or other similar laws 
(including the obtaining of a moratorium) or makes a conveyance or assignment for the benefit 
of, or enters into any composition or other arrangement with, its creditors generally (or any 
class of its creditors) or any meeting is convened to consider a proposal for an arrangement or 
composition with its creditors generally (or any class of its creditors); or 
(i) 
if the relevant Issuer (where the relevant Issuer is Castellum Finance) ceases to be a subsidiary 
wholly owned and controlled, directly or indirectly, by the Guarantor; or 
(j) 
if the Guarantee ceases to be, or is claimed by the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor not to be, 
in full force and effect, 
then any holder of a Note may, by written notice to the relevant Issuer at the specified office of the 
Principal Paying Agent, effective upon the date of receipt thereof by the Principal Paying Agent, 
declare any Note held by it to be forthwith due and payable whereupon the same shall become 
forthwith due and payable at its Early Redemption Amount, together with accrued interest (if any) to 
the date of repayment, without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind. 
10.2 
Definitions 
For the purposes of the Conditions: 
Material Subsidiary means, at any particular time, a Subsidiary of Castellum: 
(a) 
whose total assets (consolidated in the case of a Subsidiary which itself has Subsidiaries) or 
whose rental revenue (consolidated in the case of a Subsidiary which itself has Subsidiaries) 
represent in each case not less than 10 per cent. of the consolidated total assets or, as the case 
may be, consolidated rental revenue of the Group, all as calculated respectively by reference 
to the then latest audited financial statements (consolidated or, as the case may be, 
unconsolidated) of such Subsidiary and the then latest audited consolidated financial 
statements of the Group, provided that in the case of a Subsidiary of Castellum acquired after

--- Page 93 ---
93 
 
 
the end of the financial period to which the then latest audited consolidated financial 
statements of the Group relate, the reference to the then latest audited consolidated financial 
statements of the Group for the purposes of the calculation above shall, until consolidated 
financial statements for the financial period in which the acquisition is made have been 
prepared and audited as aforesaid, be deemed to be a reference to such first-mentioned 
financial statements as if such Subsidiary had been shown in such accounts by reference to its 
then latest relevant audited financial statements, adjusted as deemed appropriate by Castellum; 
(b) 
to which is transferred the whole or substantially the whole of the undertaking and assets of a 
Subsidiary of Castellum which immediately prior to such transfer is a Material Subsidiary 
pursuant to (a) above, provided that the transferor Subsidiary shall upon such transfer 
forthwith cease to be a Material Subsidiary and the transferee Subsidiary shall cease to be a 
Material Subsidiary pursuant to this subparagraph (b) on the date on which the consolidated 
financial statements of the Group for the financial period current at the date of such transfer 
have been prepared and audited as aforesaid but so that such transferor Subsidiary or such 
transferee Subsidiary may be a Material Subsidiary on or at any time after the date on which 
such consolidated financial statements have been prepared and audited as aforesaid by virtue 
of the provisions of subparagraph (a) above or, prior to or after such date, by virtue of any 
other applicable provision of this definition; or 
(c) 
to which is transferred an undertaking or assets which, taken together with the undertaking or 
assets of the transferee Subsidiary, generated (or, in the case of a transferee Subsidiary being 
acquired after the end of the financial period to which the then latest audited consolidated 
financial statements of the Group relate, generate rental revenue equal to) not less than 10 per 
cent. of the consolidated rental revenue, or represent (or, in the case aforesaid, are equal to) 
not less than 10 per cent. of the consolidated total assets, of the Group, all as calculated as 
referred to in subparagraph (a) above, provided that the transferor Subsidiary (if a Material 
Subsidiary) shall upon such transfer forthwith cease to be a Material Subsidiary unless 
immediately following such transfer its undertaking and assets generate (or, in the case 
aforesaid, generate rental revenue equal to) not less than 10 per cent. of the consolidated rental 
revenue, or its assets represent (or, in the case aforesaid, are equal to) not less than 10 per cent. 
of the consolidated total assets, of the Group, all as calculated as referred to in subparagraph 
(a) above, and the transferee Subsidiary shall cease to be a Material Subsidiary pursuant to 
this subparagraph (c) on the date on which the consolidated financial statements of the Group 
for the financial period current at the date of such transfer have been prepared and audited but 
so that such transferor Subsidiary or such transferee Subsidiary may be a Material Subsidiary 
on or at any time after the date on which such consolidated accounts have been prepared and 
audited as aforesaid by virtue of the provisions of subparagraph (a) above or, prior to or after 
such date, by virtue of any other applicable provision of this definition, 
all as more particularly defined in the Agency Agreement. 
A report by two Authorised Signatories (as defined in the Agency Agreement) of Castellum that in 
their opinion a Subsidiary of Castellum is or is not or was or was not at any particular time or 
throughout any specified period a Material Subsidiary, shall, in the absence of manifest error, be 
conclusive and binding on all parties. 
11. 
REPLACEMENT OF NOTES, COUPONS AND TALONS 
Should any Note, Coupon or Talon be lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced 
at the specified office of the Principal Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes or Coupons) or the 
Registrar (in the case of Registered Notes) upon payment by the claimant of such costs and expenses 
as may be incurred in connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence and indemnity as the

--- Page 94 ---
94 
 
 
relevant Issuer may reasonably require. Mutilated or defaced Notes, Coupons or Talons must be 
surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
12. 
AGENTS 
The initial Agents are set out above. If any additional Paying Agents are appointed in connection with 
any Series, the names of such Paying Agents will be specified in Part B of the applicable Final Terms. 
The relevant Issuer is entitled to vary or terminate the appointment of any Agent and/or appoint 
additional or other Agents and/or approve any change in the specified office through which any Agent 
acts, provided that: 
(a) 
there will at all times be a Principal Paying Agent and a Registrar;  
(b) 
so long as the Notes are listed on any stock exchange or admitted to listing by any other 
relevant authority, there will at all times be a Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes) and 
a Transfer Agent (in the case of Registered Notes) with a specified office in such place as may 
be required by the rules and regulations of the relevant stock exchange or other relevant 
authority; and 
(c) 
there will at all times be a Paying Agent in a jurisdiction within Europe, other than the 
jurisdiction(s) in which the relevant Issuer and the Guarantor are incorporated.  
In addition, the relevant Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent having a specified office in New 
York City in the circumstances described in Condition 6.5 (General provisions applicable to 
payments). Notice of any variation, termination, appointment or change in Paying Agents will be given 
to the Noteholders promptly by the relevant Issuer in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices). 
In acting under the Agency Agreement, the Agents act solely as agents of the relevant Issuer and the 
Guarantor and do not assume any obligation to, or relationship of agency or trust with, any Noteholder 
or Couponholder. The Agency Agreement contains provisions permitting any entity into which any 
Agent is merged or converted or with which it is consolidated or to which it transfers all or 
substantially all of its assets to become the successor agent. 
13. 
EXCHANGE OF TALONS 
On and after the Interest Payment Date on which the final Coupon comprised in any Coupon sheet 
matures, the Talon (if any) forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the specified 
office of any Paying Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet including (if such further Coupon 
sheet does not include Coupons to (and including) the final date for the payment of interest due in 
respect of the Note to which it appertains) a further Talon, subject to the provisions of Condition 9 
(Prescription). 
14. 
NOTICES 
All notices regarding the Bearer Notes will be deemed to be validly given if published in a leading 
English language daily newspaper of general circulation in London. It is expected that any such 
publication in a newspaper will be made in the Financial Times in London. The relevant Issuer or the 
Guarantor shall also ensure that notices are duly published in a manner which complies with the rules 
of any stock exchange or other relevant authority on which the Bearer Notes are for the time being 
listed or by which they have been admitted to trading including publication on the website of the 
relevant stock exchange or relevant authority if required by those rules. Any such notice will be 
deemed to have been given on the date of the first publication or, where required to be published in 
more than one newspaper, on the date of the first publication in all required newspapers.

--- Page 95 ---
95 
 
 
All notices regarding the Registered Notes will be deemed to be validly given if sent by first class mail 
or (if posted to an address overseas) by airmail to the holders (or the first named of joint holders) at 
their respective addresses recorded in the Register and will be deemed to have been given on the fourth 
day after mailing and, in addition, for so long as any Registered Notes are listed on a stock exchange 
or are admitted to trading by another relevant authority and the rules of that stock exchange or relevant 
authority so require, such notice will be published on the website of the relevant stock exchange or 
relevant authority and/or in a daily newspaper of general circulation in the place or places required by 
those rules. 
Until such time as any definitive Notes are issued, there may, so long as any Global Notes representing 
the Notes are held in their entirety on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, be 
substituted for such publication in such newspaper(s) or such mailing the delivery of the relevant 
notice to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg for communication by them to the holders of the 
Notes and, in addition, for so long as any Notes are listed on a stock exchange or are admitted to 
trading by another relevant authority and the rules of that stock exchange or relevant authority so 
require, such notice will be published on the website of the relevant stock exchange or relevant 
authority and/or in a daily newspaper of general circulation in the place or places required by those 
rules. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given to the holders of the Notes on the day after 
the day on which the said notice was given to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Notices to be given by any Noteholder shall be in writing and given by lodging the same, together (in 
the case of any Note in definitive form) with the relative Note or Notes, with the Principal Paying 
Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes) or the Registrar (in the case of Registered Notes). Whilst any of 
the Notes are represented by a Global Note, such notice may be given by any holder of a Note to the 
Principal Paying Agent or the Registrar through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the 
case may be, in such manner as the Principal Paying Agent, the Registrar and Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, may approve for this purpose. 
15. 
MEETINGS OF NOTEHOLDERS AND MODIFICATION 
15.1 
Meetings of Noteholders 
The Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings (including by way of conference 
call or by use of a videoconference platform) of the Noteholders to consider any matter affecting their 
interests, including the sanctioning by Extraordinary Resolution of a modification of the Notes, the 
Coupons or any of the provisions of the Agency Agreement. Such a meeting may be convened by the 
relevant Issuer or the Guarantor and shall be convened by the relevant Issuer if required in writing by 
Noteholders holding not less than five per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being 
remaining outstanding. The quorum at any such meeting for passing an Extraordinary Resolution is 
one or more persons holding or representing not less than 50 per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes 
for the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned meeting one or more persons being or representing 
Noteholders whatever the nominal amount of the Notes so held or represented, except that at any 
meeting the business of which includes the modification of certain provisions of the Notes or the 
Coupons (including modifying the date of maturity of the Notes or any date for payment of interest 
thereon, reducing or cancelling the amount of principal or the rate of interest payable in respect of the 
Notes or altering the currency of payment of the Notes or the Coupons or amending the Deed of 
Covenant or the Guarantee), the quorum shall be one or more persons holding or representing not less 
than two-thirds in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned 
such meeting one or more persons holding or representing not less than one-third in nominal amount 
of the Notes for the time being outstanding.  
The Agency Agreement provides that (i) a resolution passed at a meeting duly convened and held in 
accordance with the Agency Agreement by a majority consisting of not less than three-fourths of the

--- Page 96 ---
96 
 
 
votes cast on such resolution, (ii) a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of the holders of not 
less than three-fourths in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding or (iii) consent 
given by way of electronic consents through the relevant clearing system(s) (in a form satisfactory to 
the Principal Paying Agent) by or on behalf of the holders of not less than three-fourths in nominal 
amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, shall, in each case, be effective as an Extraordinary 
Resolution of the Noteholders. An Extraordinary Resolution passed by the Noteholders will be binding 
on all Noteholders, whether or not they are present at any meeting and whether or not they voted on 
the resolution, and on all Couponholders. 
15.2 
Modification  
The Principal Paying Agent and the relevant Issuer may agree, without the consent of the Noteholders 
or Couponholders, to: 
(a) 
any modification (except such modifications in respect of which an increased quorum is 
required as mentioned above) of the Notes, the Coupons, the Deed of Covenant, the Guarantee 
or the Agency Agreement which is not prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders; or 
(b) 
any modification of the Notes, the Coupons, the Deed of Covenant, the Guarantee or the 
Agency Agreement which is of a formal, minor or technical nature or is made to correct a 
manifest error or to comply with mandatory provisions of the law. 
Any such modification shall be binding on the Noteholders and the Couponholders and any such 
modification shall be notified to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) as soon 
as practicable thereafter.  
16. 
SUBSTITUTION  
The relevant Issuer, or any previously substituted company, may at any time, without the consent of 
the Noteholders or the Couponholders, substitute for itself as principal debtor under the Notes and the 
Coupons, a Subsidiary of Castellum (the Substitute), provided that no payment in respect of the Notes 
or the Coupons is at the relevant time overdue. The substitution shall be made by a deed poll (the Deed 
Poll), to be substantially in the form exhibited to the Agency Agreement, and may take place only if: 
(i) 
the Substitute shall have become party to the Agency Agreement mutatis mutandis, as if it had 
been an original party thereto and shall assume the obligations of the relevant Issuer under the 
Deed of Covenant relating to the Notes; 
(ii) 
the Substitute shall, by means of the Deed Poll, agree to indemnify each Noteholder and 
Couponholder against any withholding, tax, duty, assessment or governmental charge which 
is imposed on it by (or by any authority in or of) the jurisdiction of the country of the 
Substitute’s residence for tax purposes and/or, if different, of its incorporation with respect to 
any Note, Coupon or Deed of Covenant and which would not have been so imposed had the 
substitution not been made, as well as against any withholding, tax, duty, assessment or 
governmental charge, and any cost or expense, relating to the substitution; 
(iii) 
where the Substitute is not Castellum AB and in the event that all the assets and liabilities of 
Castellum AB are not assumed by the Substitute, the obligations of the Substitute under the 
Deed Poll, the Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant, the Notes and the Coupons shall be 
unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by Castellum AB substantially in the form of the 
guarantee contained in the Deed Poll;  
(iv) 
all action, conditions and things required to be taken, fulfilled and done (including the 
obtaining of any necessary consents) to ensure that the Deed Poll, the Agency Agreement, the

--- Page 97 ---
97 
 
 
Deed of Covenant, the Notes and Coupons represent valid, legally binding and enforceable 
obligations of the Substitute and (in the case of Notes issued by Castellum Finance) in the 
case of the Deed Poll of Castellum have been taken, fulfilled and done and are in full force 
and effect; 
(v) 
the Substitute, if incorporated in a jurisdiction other than England, shall have appointed an 
agent to receive, for and on its behalf, service of process in any proceedings in England; 
(vi) 
each listing authority and stock exchange (if any) on which the Notes are then admitted to 
listing or trading shall have confirmed that, following the proposed substitution, the Notes will 
be admitted to listing or trading by such listing authority or stock exchange; 
(vii) 
the Substitute shall have delivered to the Noteholders (care of the Principal Paying Agent) a 
certificate signed by two authorised signatories of the Substitute that the Substitute is solvent 
at the time at which the substitution is proposed to be effected; 
(viii) 
legal opinions, subject to customary assumptions and qualifications, addressed to the 
Noteholders shall have been delivered to them (care of the Principal Paying Agent) from a 
lawyer or firm of lawyers with a leading securities practice in each jurisdiction referred to in 
(ii) above and in England confirming, as applicable, (A) that the Substitute has obtained all 
necessary approvals for its assumptions of its duties and liabilities as the Substitute and, where 
relevant, Castellum AB has obtained all necessary approvals for its giving of the guarantee 
referred to in (iii) above and (B) any documents to which the Substitute is a party under 
paragraphs (i) and (ii) above and to which Castellum AB is a party under (iii) above, as the 
case may be, constitute legal, valid, binding and enforceable obligations of the Substitute or 
Castellum AB, as the case may be; and  
(ix) 
the relevant Issuer shall have given at least 14 days’ prior notice in accordance with Condition 
14 (Notices) of such substitution to the Noteholders stating that copies, or, pending execution, 
the agreed text of all documents in relation to the substitution which are referred to above, or 
which might otherwise reasonably be regarded as material to Noteholders, will be available 
for inspection at the specified office of each of the Paying Agents. 
References in Condition 10 (Events of Default and Enforcement) to obligations under the Notes shall 
be deemed to include obligations under the Deed Poll.  
17. 
FURTHER ISSUES 
The relevant Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders or the 
Couponholders to create and issue further notes having terms and conditions the same as the Notes or 
the same in all respects save for the amount and date of the first payment of interest thereon and the 
date from which interest starts to accrue and so that the same shall be consolidated and form a single 
Series with the outstanding Notes. 
18. 
CONTRACTS (RIGHTS OF THIRD PARTIES) ACT 1999 
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of this Note under the Contracts 
(Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999, but this does not affect any right or remedy of any person which 
exists or is available apart from that Act.

--- Page 98 ---
98 
 
 
19. 
GOVERNING LAW AND SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION 
19.1 
Governing law 
The Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant, the Guarantee, the Notes and the Coupons and any 
non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Agency Agreement, the Guarantee, 
the Deed of Covenant, the Notes and the Coupons are governed by, and construed in accordance with, 
English law.  
19.2 
Submission to jurisdiction 
(a) 
Subject to Condition 19.2(c) below, the English courts have exclusive jurisdiction to settle 
any dispute arising out of or in connection with the Notes and/or the Coupons, including any 
dispute as to their existence, validity, interpretation, performance, breach or termination or the 
consequences of their nullity and any dispute relating to any non-contractual obligations 
arising out of or in connection with the Notes and/or the Coupons (a Dispute) and accordingly 
each of the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor and any Noteholders or Couponholders in relation 
to any Dispute submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts. 
(b) 
For the purposes of this Condition 19.2 (Submission to jurisdiction), the relevant Issuer and 
the Guarantor each waives any objection to the English courts on the grounds that they are an 
inconvenient or inappropriate forum to settle any Dispute.  
(c) 
To the extent allowed by law, the Noteholders and the Couponholders may, in respect of any 
Dispute or Disputes, take (i) proceedings in any other court with jurisdiction; and (ii) 
concurrent proceedings in any number of jurisdictions. 
19.3 
Appointment of Process Agent 
The relevant Issuer and the Guarantor each irrevocably appoints Business Sweden - The Swedish 
Trade and Invest Council at 5 Upper Montague Street, London W1H 2AG as their agent for service of 
process in any proceedings before the English courts in relation to any Dispute and agrees that, in the 
event of Business Sweden - The Swedish Trade and Invest Council being unable or unwilling for any 
reason so to act, it will immediately appoint another person as its agent for service of process in 
England in respect of any Dispute. The relevant Issuer and the Guarantor agrees that failure by a 
process agent to notify it of any process will not invalidate service. Nothing herein shall affect the 
right to serve process in any other manner permitted by law.  
19.4 
Other documents  
The relevant Issuer and the Guarantor have in the Agency Agreement, the Guarantee and the Deed of Covenant 
submitted to the jurisdiction of the English courts and appointed an agent for service of process in terms 
substantially similar to those set out above.

--- Page 99 ---
99 
 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds from each issue of Notes will be applied by the relevant Issuer for its general corporate 
purposes, which include making a profit, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
Use of Proceeds - Green Bonds 
In particular, if so specified in the use of proceeds section of the applicable Final Terms, the relevant Issuer 
intends to apply an amount equal to the net proceeds from an issue of Notes specifically to fully or partly 
finance or refinance assets and projects that promote the transition to low-carbon, climate resilient and 
sustainable economies (Eligible Green Assets) as set out in Castellum’s Green Financing Framework (as 
amended, supplemented or replaced from time to time, the Framework) which is available for viewing on 
Castellum’s website at https://www.castellum.com/investors/financing/green-bonds/. Such Notes may also be 
referred to as Green Bonds.  
Castellum obtained a second-party opinion from SP Global Shades of Green (formerly part of CICERO) in 
September 2022 to confirm the Framework’s alignment with the International Capital Markets Association 
Green Bond Principles 2021 (the Second Party Opinion). The Second Party Opinion and the Framework are, 
and any updates to the Framework will be, available for viewing on Castellum’s website at 
https://www.castellum.com/investors/financing/green-bonds/. 
Project selection 
Eligible Green Assets have been (or will be, as the case may be) selected by Castellum from time to time in 
accordance with the categorisation of eligibility for Green Bonds set out in the Framework which sets out the 
added environmental criteria required for such issuances. The criteria for qualification as an Eligible Green 
Asset under the Framework may change from time to time.  
Projects and assets eligible for Green Bonds will be identified by Castellum’s Sustainability Department as 
part of the ongoing operations. Decisions relating to the choice and financing of Eligible Green Assets will be 
made by Castellum’s Green Business Council consisting of members from the Group Finance Department and 
the Sustainability Department.  
The net proceeds of any Green Bonds will not be allocated or linked to fossil energy generation, nuclear energy 
generation, research and/or development within weapons and defence, potentially environmentally negative 
resource extraction (such as rare-earth elements or fossil fuels), gambling or tobacco. 
Management of proceeds 
The allocation of proceeds from Green Bonds will be carefully managed and overseen by the Group Finance 
Department according to specific Green Bond procedures. An amount equal to the net proceeds of any Green 
Bonds will be credited to a dedicated account (the Green Account) or otherwise tracked by Castellum into a 
Green Portfolio (the Green Portfolio). The Framework provides that while the Green Account or the Green 
Portfolio has a positive balance, the net proceeds of any Green Bonds may be invested or utilised by the Group 
Finance Department in accordance with Castellum’s sustainability policy and investment criteria. In addition 
the allocation of the net proceeds of Green Bonds will be verified by the Issuer’s external auditor. 
Reporting 
Castellum will publish an annual report on its website (https://www.castellum.com/investors/financing/green-
bonds/) which will describe the use of proceeds and adherence to the terms set out in the Framework. The 
report will include, inter alia, details of the Eligible Green Assets that have been financed as well as 
information, including examples, of the financed Eligible Green Assets’ adherence to applicable criteria and 
will also include a disclosure of asset level performance indicators.

--- Page 100 ---
100 
 
 
Further information 
No assurance or representation is given as to the suitability or reliability for any purpose whatsoever of any 
opinion or certification of any third party (whether or not solicited by Castellum) which may be made available 
in connection with the issue of any Green Bonds and in particular with any Eligible Green Assets to fulfil any 
environmental, sustainability, social and/or other criteria. For the avoidance of doubt, neither any such opinion 
or certification nor the Framework, nor the Second Party Opinion, nor any associated report are, nor shall be 
deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of this Base Prospectus. Neither such opinion or certification 
nor the Framework, nor the Second Party Opinion, nor any associated report are, nor should be deemed to be, 
a recommendation by Castellum, the Arranger or any of the Dealers or any other person to buy, sell or hold 
any such Green Bonds. Any such opinion or certification is only current as at the date that opinion or 
certification was initially issued. Prospective investors must determine for themselves the relevance of any 
such opinion or certification and/or the information contained therein and/or the provider of such opinion or 
certification for the purpose of any investment in such Green Bonds. Currently, the providers of such opinions 
and certifications are not subject to any specific regulatory or other regime or oversight. None of the Dealers 
will verify or monitor the proposed use of proceeds of Notes (including any Green Bonds) issued under the 
Programme. See further information under the risk factor above headed, "Risk Factors - In respect of any Notes 
issued as Green Bonds, there can be no assurance that such use of proceeds will be suitable for the investment 
criteria of an investor."

--- Page 101 ---
101 
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF CASTELLUM HELSINKI FINANCE HOLDING ABP 
General 
Castellum Helsinki Finance Holding Abp (Castellum Finance) is an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of 
Castellum AB. Castellum Finance is incorporated under the laws of the Republic of Finland with business 
identity code 3220837-5. Castellum Finance was incorporated pursuant to a memorandum of association dated 
28 June 2021 and was established upon registration with the Finnish Trade Register Authority on 14 July 2021 
under the Finnish Act on Limited Liability Companies (624/2006, as amended) as a public limited liability 
company. The address of its registered office and domicile is C/O Castellum Oy, Rantatie Business Park, 
Verkkosaarenkatu 5, 000580 Helsinki, Finland and its telephone number is +358 9 25146111.  
All transactions between Castellum AB and Castellum Finance are carried out on an arm’s length basis. 
The issued share capital of Castellum Finance is ultimately beneficially owned and controlled by Castellum 
AB (through its shareholding in Castellum Finland AB). The rights of Castellum Finland AB as a direct 
shareholder in Castellum Finance are regulated in the Finnish Act on Limited Liability Companies and in the 
memorandum of association of Castellum Finance. The management of Castellum Finance is organised in 
accordance with its memorandum of association and the laws of the Republic of Finland. 
Business 
According to article 3 of Castellum Finance’s memorandum of association, Castellum Finance engages in the 
business of directly or indirectly through wholly or partly owned companies acquiring, managing and holding 
participations and shares in subsidiaries. Further, Castellum Finance may also engage in financing activities 
of group companies, such as borrowing and lending, and grant guarantees or provide collateral on behalf of 
group companies' obligations. Castellum Finance may also own securities and real estate in Finland and 
abroad, issue securities and take part in other financing arrangements. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, 
Castellum Finance engages in group administration and acts as a financing company on behalf of Castellum 
AB and the Group. 
Board of Directors 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the members of the Board of Directors of Castellum Finance are as 
follows: 
Name 
Board 
member since Title  
Henrik Stadigh 
2021 
Board Member 
Kristina Sawjani 
2021 
Deputy Board Member 
None of the members of the Board of Directors listed above have any activities outside the Group which are 
significant with respect to the Group. 
The business address of each member of the Board of Directors of Castellum Finance is C/O Castellum Oy, 
Rantatie Business Park, Verkkosaarenkatu 5, 000580 Helsinki, Finland.  
There are no potential conflicts of interest between the duties to Castellum Finance of any of the members of 
the Board of Directors listed above and their private interests and/or other duties.  
Share Capital 
The authorised share capital of Castellum Finance is EUR 80,000 divided into 1,000 ordinary shares. The 
shares have no par value. Castellum Finance’s issued and fully paid up share capital is EUR 80,000.

--- Page 102 ---
102 
 
 
Financial Information 
Castellum Finance’s annual financial year-end date is 31 December. Castellum Finance prepares its financial 
statements in accordance with IFRS issued by the IASB.

--- Page 103 ---
103 
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF CASTELLUM 
General 
Castellum AB was incorporated on 24 September 1993 as a public limited liability company under the laws of 
the Kingdom of Sweden (Sweden) pursuant to the Swedish Companies Act (Sw. aktiebolagslagen 2005:551) 
and registered in Sweden with registration number 556475-5550. The address of its registered office and 
domicile is Östra Hamngatan 16, Gothenburg, Sweden, its telephone number is +46 31 60 74 00 and its website 
is https://www.castellum.com/. Castellum was listed on the Stockholm stock exchange (Stockholm 
NASDAQ) on 23 May 1997. 
Castellum is one of the largest listed real estate groups in Sweden by reported property market value6. As at 
31 December 2023, Castellum’s property values amounted to SEK 138 billion. Castellum owns, develops and 
manages a real estate portfolio comprising office, public sector properties, warehouse/light industry and retail. 
The property portfolio is owned and managed under the Castellum brand through a decentralised organisation 
with a strong and clear local presence in robust growth markets in the Nordics, with an emphasis on the region’s 
capital cities. As at 31 December 2023, Castellum's property portfolio comprised 709 properties with a total 
leasable area of 5.5 million square metres. Castellum also has a long term holding in the Norwegian real estate 
company Entra. Entra is listed on the Oslo Stock Exchange. 
 Ownership structure  
As at 31 December 2023, Castellum AB had approximately 110,400 shareholders, with 37 per cent. of shares 
registered to non-Swedish international investors. In Sweden, the lowest threshold for disclosure of holdings 
(so called 'flagging') is five per cent. of all shares or votes in a company. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, 
Akelius Residential Property AB has disclosed ownership of over 13 per cent. of the shares in Castellum. 
The following tables provide a summary of the consolidated statement of comprehensive income, balance 
sheet and key performance indicators of the Group for the years ended and as at 31 December 2023 and 31 
December 2022:  
Consolidated statement of comprehensive income in summary  
 
SEK million 
Jan-Dec 2023 
Jan-Dec 2022 
Income  
9,806 
8,928 
Operating costs 
-1,517 
-1,490 
Maintenance expenses 
-349 
-286 
Property tax 
-590 
-580 
Lease and property administration costs 
-784 
-734 
Net operating income 
6,566 
5,838 
Central administrative costs 
-403 
-270 
Acquisition costs 
- 
-7 
 
6 Based on Castellum’s calculations based on publicly available information.

--- Page 104 ---
104 
 
 
Income from participations in associated companies 
-2,284 
-373 
Interest income 
39 
- 
Interest cost  
-2,207 
-1,531 
Leasing costs/site leasehold fee 
-67 
-76 
Income from property management including 
acquisition costs / financing costs 
1,644 
3,581 
-of which income from property management* 
4,373 
4,510 
Changes in value  
 
 
Properties   
-14,534 
-3,537 
Financial holdings 
-9 
-57 
Goodwill  
-474 
-440 
Derivatives  
-1,235 
2,690 
Income before tax 
-14,608 
2,237 
Current tax 
-12 
-15 
Deferred tax 
3,028 
-472 
Net income for the year 
-11,592 
1,750 
Other comprehensive income 
 
 
Items that will be reclassified to net income for 
the year 
 
 
Translation difference of currencies etc. 
-921 
530 
Change in values on derivatives, currency hedge 
1,059 
-694 
Total net income for the period/year** 
-11,454 
1,586 
 
* For calculation of key performance indicators see “Alternative Performance Measures and other Key Performance Indicators”, below.  
** Net income and total net income for the period/year is entirely assignable to the parent company's shareholders.

--- Page 105 ---
105 
 
 
Consolidated balance sheet  
SEK million 
31 Dec 2023 
31 Dec 2022 
ASSETS  
 
 
Fixed assets 
 
 
Investment properties 
137,552 
153,563 
Tangible fixed assets 
108 
210 
Right-of-use assets site leasehold 
1,441 
1,591 
Other fixed assets 
98 
102 
Participation in associated companies 
10,008 
13,286 
Derivatives 
1,780 
2,795 
Goodwill 
4,495 
4,969 
Intangible fixed assets 
18 
- 
Total fixed assets 
155,500 
176,516 
Current assets 
 
 
Rent receivables 
95 
135 
Derivatives 
168 
420 
Other receivables 
688 
996 
Prepaid expenses and accrued income 
797 
806 
Cash and cash equivalents 
2,088 
858 
Total current assets 
3,836 
3,215 
TOTAL ASSETS 
159,336 
179,731 
 
 
 
SHAREHOLDERS’ 
EQUITY 
AND 
LIABILITIES 
 
 
Total equity  
77,177 
78,983 
Liabilities 
 
 
Long term liabilities 
 
 
Deferred tax liability  
14,810 
17,754

--- Page 106 ---
106 
 
 
Other provisions 
26 
28 
Derivatives  
498 
311 
Long-term interest-bearing liabilities 
57,134 
64,616 
Lease liability 
1,441 
1,591 
Total long-term liabilities 
73,909 
84,300 
Short-term liabilities 
 
 
Short-term interest-bearing liabilities 
4,537 
12,233 
Accounts payable 
285 
394 
Tax liabilities  
54 
138 
Derivatives 
98 
158 
Other liabilities  
625 
1,165 
Accrued expenses and prepaid income 
2,651 
2,362 
Total short-term liabilities 
8,250 
16,450 
Total liabilities 
82,159 
100,749 
TOTAL EQUITY AND LIABILITIES 
159,336 
179,731 
Pledged assets (chattel mortgages)  
45,170 
37,385 
Contingent liabilities  
- 
- 
Key performance indicators  
For definitions of key performance indicators please see “Alternative Performance Measures and other Key 
Performance Indicators”, below.  
 
 
31 Dec 2023  
31 Dec 2022 
EPRA NRV (SEK million) 
75,971 
79,501 
EPRA NRV (SEK/share)  
154 
203 
EPRA NTA (SEK million) 
73,634 
75,616 
EPRA NTA (SEK/share) 
149 
193 
EPRA Vacancy Rate 
7.9% 
6.7%

--- Page 107 ---
107 
 
 
EPRA LTV 
52.1% 
55.6% 
Financial 
 
 
Interest coverage ratio 
300% 
390% 
Net investments (SEK million) 
-1,460 
2,868 
Loan to value ratio (vs. total assets only) 
37.4% 
42.3% 
Loan to value ratio (properties only) 
43.3% 
49.5% 
Net debt to EBITDA 
9.7 
13.6 
Secured debt to total asset ratio 
15.8% 
17.9% 
Unencumbered asset ratio 
47% 
52% 
Return on equity 
-14.8% 
2.2% 
Property related 
 
 
Rental value (SEK/square metre) 
1,927 
1,758 
Economic occupancy rate 
92.1% 
93.4% 
Property costs (SEK/square metre) 
547 
511 
Property value (SEK/square metre) 
25,258 
26,737 
Surplus ratio 
69.2% 
67.7% 
History  
 
1993 
Castellum is founded 
1997  
Castellum is listed on the Nasdaq Stockholm Stock Exchange. 
2015 
Castellum acquires 50 per cent. of the shares in CORHEI, and thereby obtains a property 
portfolio in central Sweden. 
Castellum’s property holding in Copenhagen doubles. 
2016 
Castellum brings the entire Group together under the joint Castellum brand and creates a 
new structure for the business. 
The six former subsidiaries become four regions: West, Stockholm, Central and Öresund. 
Castellum acquires Norrporten AB and the remaining 50 per cent. of the shares in 
CORHEI.

--- Page 108 ---
108 
 
 
Castellum divests property portfolios in Norrland and Malmö to increase the concentration 
of properties in more central locations.  
2018 
Castellum receives a Baa3 credit investment grade rating from Moody’s. 
Castellum expands to Helsinki. 
Castellum issues its first international bond. 
2021  
Castellum acquires a Finnish property portfolio through the acquisition of the real estate 
company Kielo. 
Castellum increases its stake in Entra after which Entra becomes an associated company 
of Castellum. 
Castellum acquires Kungsleden through a public offer. 
2022 
Castellum becomes the first large property company in the Nordics whose share is 
approved and classified as Green Designation Equity by Nasdaq. 
2023 
Castellum conducts a fully subscribed rights issue of approximately SEK 10 billion (the 
Share Issue) with preferential rights for existing shareholders for the purpose of 
strengthening its financial position. 
Castellum’s operational targets and strategy  
Castellum’s mission is to create successful and sustainable workplaces in Nordic growth regions by keeping 
close to customers, innovation and expertise. Castellum’s focus is on further strengthening relations with 
priority customer segments, developing the service offering and improving the property and project 
development portfolios.  
Operational targets 
Castellum’s overall financial target is to achieve a return on equity of at least 10 per cent. per year over a 
business cycle. Furthermore, Castellum has three operational targets which are that Castellum is to be: 
1. the preferred commercial choice for the private and public sector by developing and offering 
sustainable meeting spaces and workplaces of the future, where organisations can grow and be 
attractive employers; 
2. the leading property manager in the Nordics that makes everyday life easier for customers through 
local presence, sustainable property management and digital solutions at the forefront; and 
3. an attractive and leading employer by focusing on employees and having a strong culture with clear 
values.  
Castellum’s strategy 
Castellum’s strategy sets out Castellum’s strategic orientation, priorities and goals. The purpose of the strategy 
is to optimise the preconditions for Castellum to deliver on Castellum’s targets, create shareholder value and

--- Page 109 ---
109 
 
 
ensure Castellum is the most sustainable property company in the Nordics. Castellum’s strategy is based on 
three perspectives: the company, the tenants and the society. 
Asset and development portfolio 
Castellum will develop and manage its asset portfolio to create shareholder value over time. In addition, 
Castellum’s portfolio shift is continuously towards greater quality and density through new construction, 
extensions and reconstructions as well as acquisitions and sales in the Nordic growth markets. The portfolio 
will constitute a property exposure alternative for Castellum’s shareholders and the portfolio turnover should 
be actively managed, to achieve its overall financial target of a return on equity of at least 10 per cent. per year 
over a business cycle.  Moreover, Castellum aims to be a leading company in urban development, and the 
preferred choice of both municipalities and tenants when they are looking for a partner to develop new projects. 
Financing 
Castellum should maintain a low level of financial risk; the chosen key ratios for risk are loan-to-value ratio 
and interest coverage ratio. Castellum’s financing strategy will support the business operations and manage 
the Group’s financial risks while working for an open and transparent climate. The strategy will be reflected 
in the financial policy in order to ensure risk management through close internal monitoring. 
Financing strategic objectives: 
• 
Long-term loan-to-value ratio not exceeding 40 per cent. 
• 
Interest coverage ratio of at least 300 per cent.  
Property portfolio and tenants 
Castellum will develop and manage its asset portfolio to create shareholder value over time. Castellum initiates 
and implements transactions locally, regionally, nationally and internationally throughout the Nordics. 
Castellum's properties are located in cities with strong economic growth in Sweden as well as Denmark (with 
a focus on Copenhagen) and Finland (with a focus on Helsinki). The property portfolio is well-diversified in 
terms of regions, cities, tenants and use of premises. Castellum acquired its first properties in Denmark in 2011 
and, as at 31 December 2023, its Danish property portfolio had a market value of approximately SEK 5.7 
billion. In 2018, Castellum also entered the Finnish market and has lately continued to expand its property 
asset base there to a value of some SEK 6.9 billion as at 31 December 2023 with a focus on Helsinki but also 
the cities Tampere, Turku and Lahti. As at 31 December 2023 the market value of Castellum's total property 
portfolio was SEK 138 billion. Castellum's strategy is to improve the quality of its portfolio through the 
development of new modern properties and also through the refurbishment and extension of its existing properties 
in an economically efficient manner while also maintaining its sustainability commitment which enables it to 
command rent increases. Investments are normally financed with internally generated funds and external loan 
financing from banks as well as from the money and capital markets. 
Castellum's customers consist primarily of tenants from the following sectors: public sector agencies and 
authorities, commercial services, consultants, industrial and retail, including wholesalers. Castellum aims to 
tailor its offering to existing and potential customers by offering premises that meet the customers' specific 
needs and objectives. Castellum seeks to maintain a broad customer base that provides risk diversification 
across industry, lease maturity and the individual tenants. A clear customer focus is achieved through building 
long-term relationships, maintaining a local presence and providing high service levels in order to meet 
customer expectations. Customer requirements change over time and Castellum's property portfolio offers 
energy efficient, versatile and sustainable premises to meet customer requirements. Through its customer 
focussed offering, Castellum's goal is to position the Group as the first choice for Nordic enterprises, 
authorities and municipalities.  More specifically, Castellum has sought to establish an active dialogue with 
customers through the Group's team of property managers and maintenance teams who are typically employed

--- Page 110 ---
110 
 
 
directly by Castellum rather than by third party service providers. The table below shows the breakdown of 
Castellum's commercial leases distributed by sector (as a percentage of total rental income) as at 31 December 
2023:  
Commercial Leases distributed by customer category  
 
Sustainability  
Castellum’s vision is to be the most sustainable property company in the Nordics and to promote sustainable 
development. Sustainable operations ensure efficient use of financial, environmental and social resources for 
the benefit of tenants, shareholders and society. Castellum’s sustainability goals interact with and are 
integrated throughout its operations. Castellum’s Code of Conduct is based on the principles of the UN Global 
Compact and clarify Castellum’s position on human rights, working conditions, the environment, business 
ethics and information. Castellum’s sustainability ambitions create both societal benefits and business 
advantages for Castellum’s stakeholders.  
The construction and property industries have some of the highest carbon emissions of any sector, both in 
Sweden and around the world. These harmful emissions must decrease in order to achieve the Sustainable 
Development Goals set by the UN. By taking responsibility for conducting operations with a low level of 
climate impact, Castellum contributes to the transition towards a sustainable society. Castellum also has an 
ambition of impacting and creating positive sustainability values in various ways for Castellum’s stakeholders 
and for society as a whole. 
By 2030, the ambition is for Castellum to be entirely climate neutral. Castellum’s sustainability strategy, “The 
sustainable city 2030”, consists of three areas of focus: Future-proofed assets, Sound business and Sustainable 
workplaces. The sustainability strategy contains 21 measurable targets and is based on the materiality 
assessment; it is a part of the business strategy as well as the business and value-creation models. In 2024, 
Castellum adopted a new target linked to green leases, the employee engagement index and screening of 
material business and sustainability risk in the supply chain. The majority of the targets are monitored on a 
quarterly basis and are reported both internally and externally. A small number of targets are monitored on an 
annual basis. The climate-related goals are scientifically grounded and have been validated by the Science 
Based Targets initiative. 
Retail including wholesales 
IT: software, hardware and services 
Property 
Commercial services, consultants 
Industrial services and services 
Transport 
Automative, sales and manufacturing 
Public Sector 
Hotel, restaurants and leisure 
Energy 
Other 
Bank, finance and insurance 
Health care 
23% 
19% 
14%
11% 
6% 
6% 
5% 
4% 
4% 
3% 
3% 
1% 
1%

--- Page 111 ---
111 
 
 
Future-proofed assets 
Castellum aims to responsibly reduce its impact on the climate and biodiversity while increasing resource 
efficiency, promoting the circular transition, and developing a sustainable and future-proofed property 
portfolio in a changing world. 
 
Goal 
Net-zero carbon dioxide emissions by 2030  
Net zero in roadmap, Property management (Scope 1 & 2): <1.5 kg CO2e per square metre from 2024  
Net zero in roadmap, Project development (Scope 3): 40 per cent. reduction in CO2e emissions per square 
metre in new production of office for developments from 2024 
Net zero in roadmap, Customer Journey (Scope 3): <3.4 kg CO2e per square metre from 2024 
100 per cent. non-fossil fuel energy by 2030 
11 per cent. energy savings per square metre by 2025 compared with 2021 and 2.5 per cent. energy savings 
per year in the like-for-like portfolio  
70 per cent. of Castellum’s properties must have an energy performance lower than 100 kWh/sq. m. per 
year by 2025; in the long term, all of Castellum’s properties must have an energy performance lower than 
50 kWh/sq. m. per year 
1 per cent. water-use conservation per year in the like-for-like portfolio 
75 per cent. of the real estate portfolio will be environmentally certified by 2030 
Re-used and renewable materials must be employed in all projects, and by 2030 must be a significant 
element in all projects 
Ecosystem services must be evaluated in larger projects, and increase compared with previously. 
Over the long term, no properties to have serious climate risks 
Sustainable workplaces 
Castellum aims to develop sustainable, attractive, and inclusive workplaces that promote the health and well-
being of its employees and customers. 
 
Goal 
The green appendix shall always be used for all new tenancy agreements unless special circumstances 
apply 
Castellum's employee engagement index shall be higher than the external benchmark in the long term. 
In the long term, Castellum aims to achieve a balanced gender distribution for leading positions and across 
its occupational categories, meaning than men and women will be represented within a range of 40–60 per 
cent. by 2025

--- Page 112 ---
112 
 
 
By 2025, 20 per cent. of Castellum’s employees are to have an international background in order to more 
closely reflect the communities in which Castellum operates 
Recruitment must be steered toward selecting the most suitable candidates based on competence, and not 
on prejudices or an individual’s origins. Accordingly, the proportion of anonymised recruitments must 
increase, with the goal of increasing diversity among the final candidates 
Castellum endeavours to create a positive, safe and comfortable environment where short-term sick leave 
will not exceed 2 per cent. and long-term sick leave will not exceed 3 per cent. 
10 per cent. of all Castellum’s employees on an annual basis to consist of interns, whether from educational 
institutions or from those new to the labour market 
Sound business 
Castellum aims to conduct its business responsibly towards society and its stakeholders by setting clear 
requirements for its supply chain. 
 
Goal 
In the long term, all large and critical suppliers will be screened for material business and sustainability 
risks 
In the long term, work-related accidents and illnesses must be zero for Castellum’s employees and 
suppliers 
FINANCING AND CAPITAL STRUCTURE  
Castellum's overarching goal is to maintain a low level of financial risk which is reflected in a target average 
loan to value ratio (expressed in relation to total assets) not exceeding 40 per cent. and an interest coverage 
ratio of at least 300 per cent. as stipulated in Castellum's financial policy, which is set out below. As at 31 
December 2023, the loan to value ratio was 37.4 per cent. (expressed in relation to total assets) and the 
interest coverage ratio was 300 per cent.  
Castellum's funding strategy is designed to support the business operations and manage the Group's financial 
risks. This strategy is reflected in a finance policy, which is set and reviewed annually by the Board of 
Directors. The policy governs the allocation of responsibilities and risk mandates and establishes principles 
regarding monitoring, reporting, and control of financing activities and sources.  
The general funding strategy includes diversification among funding sources and securing liquidity-reserves, 
which together with strong financial key ratios and high transparency versus relevant stakeholders such as 
lenders and investors, is intended to contribute to high financial flexibility. 
The following table sets out the key requirements contained in the finance policy and Castellum’s 
performance in respect of each as at 31 December 2023.  
 
 
Policy  
Covenant 
Commitment  
Performance  
 
as at the date of this Base Prospectus 
as at 31 December 
2023 
Loan to value ratio (vs. total 
assets only) 
Not exceeding 40 per cent. 
Not exceeding 
65 per cent. 
37.4 per cent.

--- Page 113 ---
113 
 
 
Interest coverage ratio 
At least 300 per cent. 
At least 150 per 
cent. 
300 per cent. 
Secured debt to total assets 
ratio 
– 
Not exceeding 
45 per cent. 
15.8 per cent. 
Funding risk  
 
 
 
- average debt maturity 
At least 2 years  
– 
3.6 years 
- 
proportion 
maturing 
within 1 year 
No more than 30 per cent. of 
outstanding loans and unutilised 
credit agreements  
– 
4 per cent. 
- liquidity reserve 
Liquidity reserve corresponding 
to 12 months’ impending loan 
maturities 
– 
Achieved 
Interest rate risk  
 
 
 
- average interest duration 
1.5-4.5 years 
– 
3.3 years 
- 
proportion 
maturing 
within 6 months  
No more than 50 per cent. 
– 
18 per cent. 
Credit and counterparty 
risk  
 
 
 
- rating restriction 
Credit institutions with high 
ratings, at least S&P BBB+ 
– 
 
Achieved 
Currency risk  
 
 
 
- net exposure in foreign 
currency  
Maximum 10 per cent. of 
balance sheet total 
– 
Achieved 
Castellum's financial activities are conducted in accordance with the finance policy to meet long and short-
term funding requirements and ensure liquidity while maintaining low and stable net interest costs. Castellum's 
current external borrowing includes a combination of bank lending through revolving credit facilities and 
term-loans, and bonds issued in international capital markets as well as the domestic Swedish capital market, 
and also commercial paper issued in the domestic Swedish capital markets.  
The Group manages financial risks through close control and monitoring. Financial risks are managed through 
ongoing monitoring of Castellum's financing activities which are reported quarterly to the Board of Directors. 
Castellum regularly monitors future funding needs based on assumptions about earnings, net investment 
volume, property value growth and maturity profile of the existing debt portfolio, as well as covenants in loan 
agreements and interest-rate risk exposure. Furthermore, sensitivity analyses are conducted to understand how 
changes in the real estate portfolio, as well as movements in market interest rates and property values, affect 
the balance sheet and earnings. 
Interest-bearing liabilities  
As at 31 December 2023, Castellum had available credit facilities totalling SEK 86,859 million* (31 December 
2022: SEK 89,150 million), of which SEK 81,372 million (31 December 2022: SEK 75,967 million) was long-
term and SEK 5,487 million (31 December 2022: SEK 13,183 million) was short-term. As at 31 December 
2023 the average duration of Castellum's credit agreements was 3.6 years (3.1 years as at 31 December 2022).  
The average duration of Castellum’s utilised facilities was 4.2 years. 
The table below shows the structure of Castellum's interest-bearing liabilities as at 31 December 2023:  
 
CREDIT MATURITY STRUCTURE (REMAINING TERM) as at 31 DECEMBER 2023  
Credit agreements 
Total available* 
Bank utilised  
MTN/CP issued** 
Total utilised 
 
(SEK million)

--- Page 114 ---
114 
 
 
2024 
5,487 
- 
4,537 
4,537 
2025 
22,177 
3,347 
11,680 
15,027 
2026 
28,641 
4,530 
8,523 
13,053 
2027 
5,290 
2,591 
2,699 
5,290 
2028 
8,020 
5,424 
1,096 
6,520 
>2028 
17,244 
9,209 
8,035 
17,244 
Total 
86,859 
25,101 
36,570 
61,671 
* Total available bank credit facilities plus utilised issuance under the domestic commercial paper programme and domestic medium term note 
programme and the EMTN programme. 
** Total issuances under the domestic commercial paper programme and domestic medium term note programme and the EMTN programme. 
The charts below show the composition of Castellum's interest-bearing debt as at 31 December 2023. 
Distribution of Interest-bearing liabilities, 31 December 2023  
 
Unsecured debt
59%
Secured debt
41%
Secured debt 
41% 
Unsecured debt 
59%

--- Page 115 ---
115 
 
 
Utilised Credit facilities, 31 December 2023 
 
Interest rate maturity structure   
In order to secure a stable and low net interest cash flow, the interest rate maturity schedule is distributed over 
time. As at 31 December 2023 the average fixed interest term was 3.3 years (2.7 years as at 31 December 
2022) and the average effective interest rate, excluding cost for unutilised bank credit facilities, was 3.0 
per cent. (2.6 per cent. as at 31 December 2022). Castellum utilises interest rate derivatives to achieve the 
desired interest rate maturity structure. Castellum sees interest rate derivatives as cost efficient and flexible 
tools to achieve the desired fixed interest term.   
The table below shows Castellum's interest rate maturity structure as at 31 December 2023. 
 
Maturity 
SEK million* 
Share (%) 
Average interest 
rate (%)** 
Average fixed 
interest rate term 
(years) 
0 - 1 year 
16,894 
27 
6.4 
0.4 
1 - 2 years 
10,227 
17 
1.2 
1.3 
2 - 3 years 
8,358 
14 
1.6 
2.7 
3 - 4 years 
4,749 
8 
4.4 
3.7 
4 - 5 years 
3,896 
6 
1.5 
4.8 
5-10 years 
17,547 
28 
1.5 
7.1 
Total 
61,671 
100 
3.0 
3.3 
 
* Including exchange rate differences for MTNs 
** Calculated on the net volume of interest-bearing liabilities and derivatives 
Bonds
58%
Bank loans
41%
Commercial paper
1%
Bonds 
58% 
Bank loans 
41% 
Commercial paper 
1%

--- Page 116 ---
116 
 
 
Loan to value ratio (vs total assets only) 
The following graph sets out Castellum's loan to value ratio (expressed in relation to total assets) as at 31 
December in each of the years between 2014 and 2023.  
 
Interest coverage ratio 
The following graph sets out Castellum's interest coverage ratio as at 31 December in each of the years between 
2014 and 2023.  
 
 
 
0%
10%
20%
30%
40%
50%
60%
Dec 2014 Dec 2015 Dec 2016 Dec 2017 Dec 2018 Dec 2019 Dec 2020 Dec 2021 Dec 2022 Dec 2023
Loan to value ratio (%)
0.0
1.0
2.0
3.0
4.0
5.0
6.0
Dec 2014 Dec 2015 Dec 2016 Dec 2017 Dec 2018 Dec 2019 Dec 2020 Dec 2021 Dec 2022 Dec 2023
Interest coverage ratio (%)
60% 
50% 
40% 
30% 
20% 
10% 
0% 
Dec 2014     Dec 2015    Dec 2016     Dec 2017     Dec 2018     Dec 2019    Dec 2020     Dec 2021     Dec 2022    Dec 2023 
Loan to value ratio (vs total assets only) (%) 
600 
500 
400 
300 
200 
100 
0 
Dec 2014     Dec 2015    Dec 2016     Dec 2017     Dec 2018     Dec 2019    Dec 2020     Dec 2021     Dec 2022    Dec 2023 
Interest coverage ratio (%)

--- Page 117 ---
117 
 
 
Secured debt to total assets ratio 
The following graph sets out Castellum's consolidated secured debt to total assets ratio as at 31 December in 
each of the years between 2014 and 2023.  
 
 
Unencumbered asset ratio 
As at 31 December 2023 Castellum had an unencumbered asset ratio (as defined in "Alternative Performance 
Measures and other Key Performance Indicators", below) equivalent to 47 per cent.  
MARKET OVERVIEW  
The Group's operations are affected by macroeconomic trends, particularly in Sweden, Denmark and Finland 
and by the development of the local property markets in those jurisdictions. Castellum considers that big cities 
provide the greatest growth potential in the long-term, due to their larger population relative to other parts of 
the country, which generates and supports a larger labour market, a more diversified trade and industry 
structure and thus opportunities for research and a greater range of trade, entertainment and culture.  
The local property markets in medium-sized cities may also offer opportunities for growth as they often show 
a positive correlation with increasing economic activity, which is influenced by factors such as well-developed 
infrastructure, well trained manpower, population growth and low unemployment.  
Competition  
Market share  
In Sweden, Castellum's market share among the 200 largest property owners amounts to approximately five 
to six per cent. for office, logistics and public sector properties in terms of value of the real estate assets 
(according to Castellum’s estimates based on publicly available information). Apart from the dozen or so 
Swedish listed companies, the largest real estate owners in Sweden are public corporations and Swedish and 
foreign institutional investors. In addition, there are also a number of smaller real estate owners such as real 
estate and construction companies, and individuals. Competition in the transaction market for properties is 
0%
5%
10%
15%
20%
25%
30%
35%
40%
Dec 2014 Dec 2015 Dec 2016 Dec 2017 Dec 2018 Dec 2019 Dec 2020 Dec 2021 Dec 2022 Dec 2023
Secured solvency ratio (%)
Secured solvency ratio
40% 
35% 
30% 
25% 
20% 
15% 
10% 
5% 
0% 
Dec 2014     Dec 2015    Dec 2016     Dec 2017     Dec 2018     Dec 2019    Dec 2020     Dec 2021     Dec 2022    Dec 2023 
Secured solvency ratio 
Secured debt to total assets ratio (%) 
40% 
35% 
30% 
25% 
20% 
15% 
10% 
5% 
0% 
Dec 2014     Dec 2015    Dec 2016     Dec 2017     Dec 2018     Dec 2019    Dec 2020     Dec 2021     Dec 2022    Dec 2023 
Secured debt to total assets ratio

--- Page 118 ---
118 
 
 
considerable in the Nordics. The competition in Sweden differs from Helsinki and Copenhagen, where the 
competition mainly consists of institutions and larger funds.  In Helsinki and Copenhagen, foreign investors 
generally account for a larger share of the total transaction volume compared to Sweden.  Castellum's market 
share in Copenhagen and in Helsinki for offices is in the low single digit percentage figures.  Historically the 
transaction volume in the Nordics has been high. However, during 2023, the transaction volumes were 
considerably lower than earlier years mainly driven by a deterioration in financial conditions including high 
inflation and sharp interest rate increases.  
Rental market  
Office properties 
In Castellum’s submarkets, the market has demonstrated a considerable rise in market rental levels where 
market rents have been driven by high indexation over the last two years. The Covid-19 pandemic, and the 
related trend towards working from home for office-based workers, has however entailed a certain impact on 
vacancy levels in the major cities. It remains to be seen what, if any, lasting consequences the growing demand 
for working from home will have on tenant behaviour and how it will affect the demand for office spaces. 
Castellum started 2023 with low vacancy levels and record-high rental levels in all markets.  
Rental levels rose considerably in the Swedish major cities Stockholm, Gothenburg and Malmö in 2023 even 
though the vacancy levels in CBDs and the most attractive sub-markets have risen from earlier record low 
levels. In the short term, the offering of new construction will be limited due to a large amount of construction 
being paused, cancelled, or postponed. Office rents in Castellum’s regional cities also rose during 2023. In 
Helsinki’s CBD, office rents remained stable in 2023. Whilst strong demand has spread from the CBD in 
Helsinki to the surrounding areas, there is a higher vacancy rate in secondary areas, as well as in properties of 
lower quality. In Copenhagen’s CBD, office rents also rose in 2023. The high number of access to land and 
building rights in and around the city, however, tends to be a limiting factor for rent potential. 
Logistics and warehouse facilities 
The warehouse and logistics property segment is experiencing strong structural demand, based on the green 
transition in the industry and long term growth in e-commerce. Nearshoring, meaning that global companies 
are securing production and warehousing in local regions is further creating new demand for regional 
warehouses in the Nordics. 
The demand for logistics properties has surpassed the supply in recent years, especially in southern and central 
Sweden due to their proximity to Sweden’s major population centres and markets. Consequently, many 
logistics facilities have been developed along major highways connecting Stockholm, Gothenburg, 
Helsingborg, Malmö, and the Jönköping region. Demand for logistics facilities has historically been and is still 
highest in the Gothenburg area, where the largest port in the Nordics is located and this is also where Castellum 
sees the lowest vacancies in the stock. 
New developments in Sweden continue with approximately 1,400,000 square metres (properties >10,000 
square metres) being completed in 2023. A total volume of almost 1,350,000 square metres (properties >10,000 
square metres) is expected to be delivered in Sweden in 2024 according to Dagens Logistik. High speculative 
development volumes are increasing vacancies in some areas, such as Enköping, Eskilstuna, Jönköping.7  
 
7 Unless otherwise indicated, data included in the "Rental Market" section represents Castellum’s assessment based on 
publicly available information.

--- Page 119 ---
119 
 
 
Transaction market  
The property transactions market slowed down significantly in 2023 driven by a deterioration in financial 
conditions including high inflation and sharp interest rate increases. Interest from investors in the Swedish 
property market remained stable, especially in regards to the logistics sector.  
The table below shows the market yield in Castellum’s key cities in the office segment over the past ten years: 
 
 
Yield (per cent.) 
Year 
Stockholm (1) 
Gothenburg (1) 
Malmö (1) 
Copenhagen (2) 
Helsinki (2)  
2014 
4.4 
5.25 
5.5 
4.75 
4.75 
2015 
3.75 
4.5 
5 
4.50 
4.50 
2016 
3.5 
4.25 
4.25 
4.25 
4.25 
2017 
3.25 
4.00 
4.25 
4.00 
4.00 
2018 
3.25 
3.8 
4.25 
3.75 
3.60 
2019 
3.25 
3.8 
4.25 
3.75 
3.4 
2020 
3.25 
3.8 
4.25 
3.50 
3.4 
2021 
3.0 
3.4 
3.9 
3.3 
3.2 
2022 
3.5 
3.8 
4.30 
3.5 
4.0 
2023 
4.0 
4.35 
4.85 
4.0 
5.0 
(1) Source: Forum Fastighetsekonomi.and, in respect of the 2021-2023 figures, Newsec 
(2) Source: Jones Lang Lasalle. 
The volume of transactions with a transaction value of over SEK 40 million in Sweden during 2023 totalled 
approximately SEK 104 billion (compared to SEK 220 billion for 2022) with over 328 transactions (compared 
to 608 transactions in 2022). In 2023, the transaction market has slowed down in all segments but especially 
in the office and residential segment. The logistics sector has been a very active segment in the transaction 
market the last years and stood for 27 per cent. in 2023 (compared to 21 per cent. in 2022). These figures are 
high from a historical point of view. 
The share of foreign investors in 2023 was approximately 29 per cent., which is in line with historical figures. 
This demonstrates that the Nordic property market remains attractive to international investors. 
In Castellum’s Swedish markets the required yield for office properties increased during 2023 which partly 
was offset in the property valuations by higher cash flows due to high indexation.  
In Denmark, the transaction volumes in the property market totalled approximately DKK 45 billion in 2023. 
The required yield for offices in the CBD in Copenhagen is estimated at around 4.0 per cent. which is roughly 
on level with Stockholm. 
In Finland, the transaction volume in the Finnish property market totalled approximately EUR 2.3 billion in 
2023 which is a sharp decline from 2022 with a transaction volume of EUR 6.1 billion, and the required yield

--- Page 120 ---
120 
 
 
for offices in the CBD of Helsinki is estimated to be 5.0 per cent., which is roughly 100 bps higher than 
Stockholm.8 
PROPERTY PORTFOLIO 
The Castellum property portfolio is located in expected growth areas in Sweden, Finland with a focus on 
Helsinki, and Copenhagen in Denmark. As at 31 December 2023 the commercial portfolio consisted of 62 per 
cent. offices, 15 per cent. public sector properties (customers that are directly or indirectly tax funded), 14 per 
cent. warehouse/light industry and 6 per cent. retail. This refers to the property's primary property value with 
regard to the type of premises.  
Property locations range from inner-city sites to well-situated working-areas with good public transportation 
and services. The remaining 3 per cent. consists of developments and undeveloped land. 
Castellum's property portfolio as at 31 December 2023 
Below is a table illustrating Castellum's regions with focus on the distribution of properties.   
 
 
31 December 2023 
January-December 2023 
Category 
No. of 
properties 
Area 
thousand 
sq.m. 
Property 
value, 
MSEK 
NOI 
SEK/ sq. 
m. 
Rental 
value, 
MSEK 
NOI SEK/ 
sq. m. 
Occupan
cy rate 
(%) 
Income, 
MSEK  
Property 
costs, 
MSEK 
NOI SEK/ 
sq. m. 
NOI, 
MSEK 
 
OFFICES 
Stockholm 
55 
699 
30,720 
43,919 
2,015 
2,881 
89.9 
1,772 
406 
581 
1,366 
West 
78 
475 
13,540 
28,532 
955 
2,012 
90.9 
867 
225 
475 
642 
Central 
72 
520 
10,636 
20,437 
937 
1,800 
90.7 
842 
240 
461 
602 
Mälardalen 
33 
410 
10,226 
24,959 
819 
1,999 
92.6 
751 
196 
479 
554 
Öresund 
32 
260 
8,488 
32,689 
622 
2,396 
91.6 
556 
140 
538 
417 
Denmark 
14 
143 
4,952 
34,684 
379 
2,656 
90.5 
373 
100 
700 
273 
Finland 
18 
203 
6,693 
32,938 
739 
3,639 
89.3 
649 
248 
1,219 
401 
Total Office 
302 
2,71 
85,255 
31,462 
6,466 
2,386 
90.6 
5,810 
1,555 
574 
4,255 
PUBLIC SECTOR PROPERTIES 
Stockholm 
7 
126 
4,684 
37,106 
291 
2,310 
97.4 
280 
51 
403 
230 
West 
19 
146 
2,893 
19,882 
232 
1,594 
96.4 
222 
49 
337 
172 
Central 
28 
292 
8,547 
29,312 
610 
2,092 
93.9 
570 
121 
414 
449 
Mälardalen 
7 
37 
974 
26,283 
71 
1,920 
98.7 
69 
11 
312 
58 
Öresund 
7 
71 
2,826 
39,726 
179 
2,513 
95.6 
170 
34 
474 
136 
Denmark 
1 
12 
636 
52,065 
38 
3,153 
93.3 
37 
6 
521 
31 
Total Public 
sector properties 
69 
684 
20,560 
30,070 
1,421 
2,080 
95.4 
1,348 
272 
398 
1,076 
 
WAREHOUSE/LIGHT INDUSTRY 
Stockholm 
35 
208 
3,956 
19,062 
289 
1,394 
91.2 
263 
53 
254 
211 
West 
89 
610 
8,278 
13,580 
630 
1,035 
95.1 
582 
133 
218 
450 
Central 
18 
97 
1,042 
10,696 
96 
988 
91.3 
87 
21 
217 
65 
Mälardalen 
27 
310 
3,379 
10,889 
362 
1,167 
94.9 
343 
116 
373 
227 
Öresund 
38 
258 
2,795 
10,831 
244 
945 
91.2 
219 
53 
206 
165 
Denmark 
1 
17 
150 
8,631 
14 
827 
94.2 
13 
4 
256 
9 
Finland 
1 
- 
81 
- 
9 
- 
87.5 
8 
1 
- 
7 
Total 
Warehouse/Light 
Industry 
209 
1,500 
19,681 
13,118 
1,644 
1,097 
93.5 
1,515 
381 
264 
1,134 
RETAIL 
Stockholm 
18 
108 
2,829 
26,103 
204 
1,88 
96.7 
194 
22 
203 
172 
West 
12 
56 
1,259 
22,333 
93 
1,645 
96.7 
88 
20 
363 
68 
Central 
18 
105 
1,652 
15,785 
156 
1,492 
94.2 
144 
33 
311 
112 
Mälardalen 
11 
44 
727 
16,552 
60 
1,364 
95.8 
55 
12 
265 
43 
Öresund 
17 
72 
1,372 
19,045 
125 
1,736 
95.6 
115 
25 
354 
89 
Total Retail 
76 
385 
7,839 
20,342 
638 
1,655 
95.8 
596 
112 
291 
484 
 
8 All data in the "Transaction market" section has been sourced from Newsec except for (i) data relating to Finland and 
Denmark which has been sourced from JLL and (ii) the yield data contained in the table which is as per the footnotes 
below the table.

--- Page 121 ---
121 
 
 
 
31 December 2023 
January-December 2023 
Category 
No. of 
properties 
Area 
thousand 
sq.m. 
Property 
value, 
MSEK 
NOI 
SEK/ sq. 
m. 
Rental 
value, 
MSEK 
NOI SEK/ 
sq. m. 
Occupan
cy rate 
(%) 
Income, 
MSEK  
Property 
costs, 
MSEK 
NOI SEK/ 
sq. m. 
NOI, 
MSEK 
 
Total investment 
properties 
656 
5,279 
133,335 
25,258 
10,169 
1,927 
92.1 
9,269 
2,320 
440 
6,949 
Lettings and 
property 
administration 
expenses 
 
566 
107 
566 
Total after 
lettings and 
property 
administration 
656 
5,279 
133,335 
25,258 
10,169 
1,927 
92.1 
9,269 
2,886 
547 
6,383 
Projects 
23 
206 
3,415 
 —  
229 
 —  
 —  
98 
52 
 —  
46 
Undeveloped land 
30 
 —  
802 
 —  
31 
 —  
 —  
30 
16 
 —  
14 
Total 
709 
5,485 
137,552 
25,258 
10,429 
1,927 
92.1 
9,397 
2,954 
547 
6,443 
 
Property valuation  
Castellum undertakes internal valuations of the entire property portfolio on a quarterly basis.  Castellum 
records the investment properties at fair value and had as of 31 December 2023 conducted internal valuations 
of all properties in its portfolio. The valuations were carried out in a uniform manner, based on a 10-year or, 
for properties with longer lease maturities, a 20-year cash flow model and on an individual assessment for each 
property, reflecting both future earnings capacity and required market yield. In the valuation of a property’s 
future earnings capacity, consideration is taken of potential changes in rental levels, occupancy rates and 
property costs as well as an assumed inflation level of two per cent., as of 31 December 2023. Property 
valuations are calculations performed according to accepted principles and on the basis of certain assumptions, 
including a value range of +/- 5-10 per cent. to reflect the uncertainty existing in the various assumptions and 
calculations 
In order to corroborate the internal valuations, Castellum arranges valuations by external providers of 
approximately 50 per cent. by value of the portfolio each year, carried out pursuant to professional industry 
standards. As of 31 December 2023, Cushman & Wakefield in Sweden, Denmark and Finland had between 
them valued 45 per cent. of Castellum’s property portfolio. Nine per cent. of the property portfolio 
(overlapping with the properties valued by Cushman & Wakefield) was also externally valued on a desktop 
basis by CBRE. During Q1 2023, in connection with the Share Issue, Cushman and Wakefield and Forum 
Fastighetsekonomi valued the entire Castellum’s property portfolio. The external valuations are in line with 
the internal valuations and corroborate the internal valuations.  
Tenants and lease structure  
Total income 
The total income, including services income, as at 31 December 2023 amounted to SEK 9,806 million (31 
December 2022: SEK 8,928 million). Total average rental level for the total portfolio, including charged 
heating, cooling and property tax amounted to SEK 1,927 per square metre as at 31 December 2023 (31 
December 2022: SEK 1,758 per square metre).  
Rental levels have in the comparable portfolio increased by approximately 8.9 per cent. compared with 2022 
levels, which has mainly been driven by indexation. The chart below shows the average rent per square metre 
across Castellum’s property portfolio over the past ten years.

--- Page 122 ---
122 
 
 
 
 
The chart below shows the rental income broken down by geographic region as at 31 December 2023. 
 
Region 
Total rental income (SEK million) 
Central 
1,759 
West 
1,829 
Öresund 
1,563 
Stockholm 
2,543 
Mälardalen 
1,254 
Finland 
671 
Co-working 
266 
Group adjustment 
-79 
Total 
9,806 
Tenants and customers 
Castellum’s property portfolio is well distributed over various segments, with almost 62 per cent. of property 
value comprising office buildings and almost 14 per cent. comprising public sector properties. The latter 
provide a stable and secure income base, in the form of customers as well as longer contract durations. As at 
31 December 2023, Castellum’s exposure to the retail segment (including grocery stores and car dealerships) 
represented 6 per cent. of property value. Another type of retail exposure also occurs in the warehouse/light 
industry segment in the form of storage and distribution from the growing e-commerce segment, which 
contributes to the transformation of well-located properties for the "last mile segment" (see " Competition – 
Rental Market – Logistics and warehouse facilities", above).   
1064
1095
1304
1341
1407
1495
1538
1648
1758
1927
0
500
1000
1500
2000
2500
2014
2015
2016
2017
2018
2019
2020
2021
2022
2023
Rent value per sq.m evolution (SEK/sq.m)
Rent value per sq.m evolution (SEK/sq.m)
Rent value per sq.m evolution (SEK/sq.m) 
2500 
2000 
1500 
1000 
500 
0 
2014          2015         2016         2017         2018          2019         2020         2021         2022         2023 
Rent value per sq.m evolution (SEK/sq.m) 
1064 
1095 
1341 
1304 
1407 
1495 
1538 
1648 
1758 
1927

--- Page 123 ---
123 
 
 
Lease structure  
Castellum's contract portfolio as at 31 December 2023, comprising approximately 7,769 commercial contracts 
and approximately 480 residential leases consists of a well-diversified and large customer base. Castellum has 
a balanced risk diversification in the contract portfolio regarding geography, type of premises, size, term to 
maturity and customer industry. Castellum's customers represent a broad segment of Swedish, Danish and 
Finnish trade and industry. The single largest lease accounted for 1.2 per cent. of the Group's total rental 
income, while the corresponding figure for the single largest customer was 2.3 per cent. of the Group's total 
rental income for the financial year ended 31 December 2023, meaning that Castellum's exposure to a single 
customer credit risk is low.  
The table below presents Castellum's lease size structure for the following categories: Commercial, Residential 
and Parking spaces and other. 
 
LEASE SIZE as at 31 December 2023 
(SEK million) 
No. of leases 
Lease value (SEK 
million) 
Proportion of 
value (%) 
Commercial 
 
 
 
< 0.25 
3,430 
236 
3 
0.25-0.5 
1,145 
423 
5 
0.5-1.0 
1,242 
878 
9 
1.0-3.0 
1,277 
2,172 
23 
< 3.0 
675 
5,287 
57 
Total  
7,769 
8,996 
97 
Residential 
480 
49 
1 
Parking spaces and other 
6,378 
198 
2 
Total 
14,627 
9,243 
100 
Castellum’s rental agreements are based on standard agreements produced by the Swedish Property Federation 
in cooperation with the Federation of Swedish Merchants. Commercial leases are generally signed for three to 
five years, with a nine-month notice period, and rents are paid quarterly, in advance. The rental level can 
change when the lease in question is due for renegotiation. As at 31 December 2023, the average remaining 
lease duration in the portfolio was 3.8 years (31 December 2022: 3.9 years).  
Leases usually include a base rent i.e. the rent agreed upon when signing the contract and an index clause that 
provides an annual adjustment of the rent: either as a certain percentage of the previous year's inflation or as a 
minimum upward adjustment of a set percentage. A lease usually contains an addendum for the tenant's share 
of the property's total heating, cooling and property tax costs.

--- Page 124 ---
124 
 
 
Lease maturity structure  
Contract maturity for Castellum's portfolio is shown in the table below.  
 
LEASE MATURITY STRUCTURE as at 31 December 2023  
 
No. of leases 
Lease value (SEK 
million) 
Percentage of 
value (%) 
Commercial, term 
 
 
 
2024 
3,009 
1,739 
19 
2025 
1,744 
1,640 
17 
2026 
1,504 
1,678 
18 
2027 
855 
1,282 
14 
2028 
275 
805 
9 
2029+ 
382 
1,852 
20 
Total commercial 
7,769 
8,996 
97 
Residential 
480 
49 
1 
Parking spaces and other 
6,378 
198 
2 
Total 
14,627 
9,243 
100 
Occupancy rate  
Castellum's occupancy rate was 92.1 per cent. as at 31 December 2023 (31 December 2022: 93.4 per cent.). 
The graph below shows the occupancy rate across all of Castellum's properties as at 31 December 2023 and 
31 December 2022 and the years previous to that. In addition to market pressures generally, vacancy rates are 
also impacted by on-going new developments as Castellum from time to time initiates new projects without 
them being fully pre-let.  
 
 
 
86%
87%
88%
89%
90%
91%
92%
93%
94%
Dec 2014
Dec 2015
Dec 2016
Dec 2017 Dec 2018
Dec 2019
Dec 2020 Dec 2021
Dec 2022
Dec 2023
Occupancy rate (%)
Occupancy rate
Occupancy rate (%) 
94%
93%
92%
91%
90%
89%
88%
87%
86%
Dec 2014      Dec 2015      Dec 2016      Dec 2017     Dec 2018       Dec 2019     Dec 2020      Dec 2021      Dec 2022      Dec 2023 
Occupancy rate

--- Page 125 ---
125 
 
 
Economic Occupancy  
The table below shows the occupancy rate for Castellum's property portfolio per property type and per region 
as at 31 December 2023. 
 
 
Offices 
Public 
sector 
properties 
Warehouse/light 
industry 
Retail 
Stockholm  
89.9% 
97.4% 
91.2% 
96.7% 
West  
90.9% 
96.4% 
95.1% 
96.7% 
Central  
90.7% 
93.9% 
91.3% 
94.2% 
Mälardalen 
92.6% 
98.7% 
94.9% 
95.8% 
Öresund  
91.6% 
95.6% 
91.2% 
95.6% 
Denmark 
90.5% 
93.3% 
94.2% 
- 
Finland  
89.3% 
- 
87.5% 
- 
Total  
90.6% 
95.4% 
93.5% 
95.8% 
 
ORGANISATION  
Employees and organisation 
As at 31 December 2023, Castellum had a total of 546 full-time employees (compared to 534 at 31 December 
2022). Castellum's business is currently divided into the following regions: West, Stockholm, Central, 
Mälardalen, Öresund (including Denmark) and Finland.   
Board of Directors and Executive Group Management  
Board of Directors  
According to Castellum AB's articles of association, the Board of Directors (the Board) shall consist of no 
less than four and no more than eight members. Board members are elected at the annual general meeting 
(AGM) and will hold office from their appointment until the conclusion of the ﬁrst AGM following their 
appointment. There are no limitations for how many times members of the Board can be re-elected, nor is there 
any maximum number of terms a member can serve.  
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, Castellum AB's Board consists of six members.  
The current members of the Board (elected at the 2024 annual general meeting held on 7 May 2024, in each 
case for the period until the 2025 annual general meeting) are as follows:

--- Page 126 ---
126 
 
 
Name 
Year 
of 
birth 
Board 
member 
since 
Title 
Other Board assignments 
Per Berggren 
1959 
2007 
Chairman of 
the Board 
Chairman of the Board of Podium Fastigheter 
AB and Fondamentor AB. Board member of 
Förvaltnings AB Somsok, Brisas lnvest AB, 
Collegio AB, RetailFast Holding AB, Litsby 
Förvaltning AB and Förvaltnings AB Skarpäng 
as well as Tingsvalvet Fastighets AB and 
several of its subsidiaries. Per is also a Senior 
Advisor for Slättö Förvaltning AB. 
Anna-Karin 
Celsing 
1962 
2021 
Board 
member 
Board member of AKC Råd AB, Volati AB, 
Landshypotek Bank AB, OX2 AB, Peas 
lndustries AB, Lannebo Holding AB, Lannebo 
Fonder AB, KLOB i Stockholm AB, Svensk 
Husproduktion AB, Tim Bergling Foundation, 
Stiftelsen 
Orionteatern 
and 
Stiftelsen 
Beckmans Designhögskola. 
Henrik Käll 
1967 
2022 
Board 
member 
Chairman of the Board of Fxity AB and Board 
member of Garantum Fondkommission AB, 
Bellmer Capital AB and Nordend AB. 
Louise Richnau 
1966 
2023 
Vice Chair of 
the Board 
Board member of Lotsberget AB and Chair of 
the Board of Bantaba AB. Board member of 
Nordanö Partners AB, Nordanö Intressenter 
AB, Nordanö Holding AB, FRT Jakobsgatan 6 
AB, Lepano AB, Propel Capital V AB, Propel 
Capital 
VI 
AB, 
Sunna 
Group 
AB, 
Råsundapokalen AB, J6 Rådgivning AB and 
Eastnine AB (publ). Louise is also a Board 
member 
and 
Senior 
Advisor/Partner 
in 
Nordanö Partners AB. 
Ann-Louise 
Lökholm-
Klasson 
1971 
2023 
Board 
member 
CEO and Board member in several subsidiaries 
within the Sweco Group. Board member of 
lnnovationsföretagen, the Confederation of 
Swedish Enterprise, Sweco ÅF Healthcare AB 
and Bemsiq AB. Ann-Louise is also the 
Principal Advisor for the Swedish Exhibition & 
Congress Centre and a member of the 
nomination committee of the Sweden Green 
Building Council. 
Pål Ahlsén 
1972 
2023 
Board 
member 
Chairman of the Board of Akelius Residential 
Property AB (publ) and alternate Board 
member of Tobias Frick Fastighet AB. 
The business address of each of the Directors of Castellum AB is Castellum AB, Box 2269 403 14 Gothenburg, 
Sweden. 
There are no potential conflicts of interest between the duties to Castellum AB of any of the members of the 
Board of Directors listed above and their private interests and/or other duties.

--- Page 127 ---
127 
 
 
Executive Group Management  
Executive Group Management comprises the Chief Executive Officer, the Chief Financial Officer, the Chief 
Operating Officer, the Chief Investment Officer, the Chief Legal Officer, the Head of People & Culture, the 
Director of Communications and five Managing Directors. Executive Group Management has joint 
responsibility for delivering on Group wide goals and strategies. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, 
Castellum's Executive Group Management consists of 12 people.  
 
Name  
Year of 
birth 
Member of 
Executive Group 
management 
since  
Position 
Joacim Sjöberg 
1964 
2023 
Chief Executive Officer, Castellum AB 
Jens Andersson 
1973 
2022 
Chief Financial Officer, Castellum AB 
Sebastian 
Schlasberg 
1982 
2023 
Chief Operating Officer, Castellum AB 
Kristina Sawjani 
1975 
2022 
Chief Investment Officer 
Malin Löveborg 
1978 
2022 
Chief Legal Officer 
Hanna Brandström 
1980 
2022 
Head of People & Culture 
Anna-Karin Nyman 
1983 
2018  
Director of Communications 
Sven Stork 
1967 
2022 
Managing Director, Region Stockholm 
Mats Eriksson  
1963 
2022 
Managing Director, Region Mälardalen 
Örjan Rystedt 
1975 
2023 
Managing Director, Region West 
Per Gawelin 
1978 
2018  
Managing Director, Region Central 
Ola Orsmark 
1971 
2014 
Managing Director, Region Öresund

--- Page 128 ---
128 
 
 
ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES AND OTHER KEY PERFORMANCE 
INDICATORS 
Definitions  
 
Economic occupancy rate 
Rental income accounted for during the period, less discounts, as a percentage of rental value for properties 
owned at the end of the period. Properties acquired/completed during the period have been restated as if they 
had been owned or completed during the whole year, while properties disposed of have been excluded entirely. 
Development projects and undeveloped land have been excluded. 
EPRA NRV – Net reinstatement value 
Equity as recognised adjusted for hybrid bonds declared and undistributed dividends, carrying amounts of 
derivatives, goodwill pertaining to deferred tax, and nominal deferred tax. EPRA NRV per share is calculated 
as EPRA NRV divided by number of outstanding shares at the end of the period. 
EPRA NTA – Net tangible assets 
Equity as recognised adjusted for hybrid bonds, declared and undistributed dividends, carrying amounts of 
derivatives and goodwill adjusted for the fair value of deferred tax instead of nominal deferred tax . EPRA 
NTA per share is calculated as EPRA NTA divided by number of outstanding shares at the end of the period. 
 
EPRA vacancy rate 
The estimated market rent for vacant leases divided by the rental value on an annual basis for the entire asset 
portfolio excluding properties classified as development properties.  
 
EPRA LTV – Loan to value 
Interest-bearing liabilities with the addition of hybrid bonds, adjusted for the currency portion of hedging for 
loans in foreign currencies, and less cash and cash equivalents. Negative working capital increases interest-
bearing liabilities, whereas positive working capital is added to the value of investment properties. Principal 
associated companies are included in proportion to the share owned. 
Income from property management  
Income before tax adjusted for acquisition costs, impairment of goodwill and changes in value as well as 
Castellum’s share of associated company earnings excluding income from property management. Income from 
property management per share is calculated as Income from property management divided by average number 
of outstanding shares for the period. 
Interest coverage ratio  
Income from property management after reversal of net financial items as a percentage of net interest items. 
Loan to value ratio (vs. total assets only) 
Interest-bearing liabilities after deduction for cash and cash equivalents as a percentage of total assets. 
Loan to value ratio (properties only) 
Interest-bearing liabilities after deduction for cash and cash equivalents as a percentage of the properties’ fair 
value with deduction for acquired properties not taken in possession, and with addition for divested properties 
still in Castellum’s possession.  
Net debt to EBITDA 
Interest-bearing liabilities after deduction for cash and cash equivalents in relation to net operating income less 
central administrative expenses. For non-full year figures, net operating income less central administrative 
expenses have been recalculated on an annual basis, disregarding seasonal variations normally occurring in 
operations.

--- Page 129 ---
129 
 
 
 
Net investments 
Investments in investment properties at fair value through business combinations plus direct investments in 
investment properties plus investments in new constructions, extensions and reconstructions less sales of 
investment properties. 
Rental income  
Rents debited plus supplements such as reimbursement of heating costs and property tax. 
Rental value  
Rental income with the addition of estimated market rent for vacant premises. 
Return on equity 
Income after tax as a percentage of average equity. 
Secured debt to total assets ratio 
Secured debt at the balance sheet date divided by total assets at the balance sheet date. 
Surplus ratio 
Net operating income adjusted for coworking as a percentage of rental income and service income. 
Unencumbered asset ratio 
Total market value of assets over which no security is granted, divided by total assets. 
 
Reconciliations and Additional Explanations 
A number of the financial metrics presented by Castellum are not defined in accordance with IFRS. However, 
Castellum believes that these measures provide useful supplementary information to both investors and 
Castellum management, as they facilitate evaluation of group performance. It is to be noted that, since not all 
companies calculate financial measurements in the same manner, these are not always comparable to 
measurements used by other companies. These financial measurements should therefore not be seen as a 
substitute for metrics defined according to IFRS. Unless otherwise stated, the table below presents metrics, 
along with their reconciliation, which are not defined according to IFRS.  
 
In the table below, number of shares used to calculate per share key metrics are presented:  
 
 
 
 
Jan-Dec 2023 
Jan-Dec 2022 
Number of shares for calculation of per 
share metrics 
 
 
 
Average number of shares, thousand 
(related to income statement metrics) (1) 
 
 
451,377 
393,849 
Number of shares outstanding, thousand 
(related to balance sheet key metrics) (1) 
 
 
492,601 
390,933 
(1) Outstanding and average number of shares and key metrics based on these have been restated with the adjustment factor 1.1904 for 
all comparative years, corresponding to the dilution attributable to the Share Issue 
 
Income from property management

--- Page 130 ---
130 
 
 
 
Income from property management is an indicator of the earnings generation in the operations, after financial 
costs but excluding changes in value. Income from property management forms a basis for of the annual 
shareholder dividend: at least 25 per cent. of income from property management, unless Castellum's financial 
position justifies otherwise. 
 
 
Jan-Dec 2023 
Jan-Dec 2022 
Income from property management 
MSEK 
SEK/share 
MSEK 
SEK/share 
 
 
 
 
 
Income before tax 
-14,608 
-32.36 
2,237 
5.68 
Reversed: 
  
  
  
  
Acquisition costs 
- 
- 
7 
0.02 
Income from associated companies excluding 
income from property management 
2,729 
6.05 
922 
2.34 
Change in value on properties 
14,534 
32.20 
3,537 
8.98 
Change in value on financial holdings 
9 
0.02 
57 
0.14 
Changes in the value on derivatives 
1,235 
2.74 
-2,690 
-6.83 
Change in value of goodwill 
474 
1.05 
440 
1.12 
= Income from property management 
4,373 
9.69 
4,510 
11.45 
 
 
Net asset value 
 
Net asset value describes the total equity that Castellum manages for its owners. Based on this equity, 
Castellum wants to create return and growth at a low level of risk. Net asset value can be calculated in different 
ways, where mainly time and turnover in the property portfolio impact on the value. Long-term net 
reinstatement value (EPRA NRV) is based on the balance sheet less non-controlling interests and hybrid bonds, 
with adjustments for items that will not lead to any short-term payment. In Castellum’s case, these would 
include such items as goodwill, derivatives and deferred tax liability. Net tangible assets (EPRA NTA) is the 
same as EPRA NRV but with the difference that goodwill that is not attributed to deferred taxes is not seen 
as an asset. Furthermore, the deferred tax should be based on market value according to how Castellum has 
completed property transactions in recent years.  
 
 
31 December 2023 
31 December 2022 
Net asset values 
MSEK 
SEK/shar
e 
MSEK 
SEK/shar
e 
 
 
 
 
 
Equity according to the balance sheet 
77,177 
157 
78,983 
202 
Reversed: 
  
  
  
  
Hybrid bonds 
-10,169 
-21 
-10,169 
-26 
Declared, undistributed dividend 
- 
- 
624 
2 
Derivatives according to the balance sheet 
-1,352 
-3 
-2,747 
-7 
Goodwill attributable to deferred tax 
-4,495 
-9 
-4,944 
-13 
Deferred tax according to the balance sheet 
14,810 
30 
17,754 
45 
EPRA NRV: Net reinstatement value 
75,971 
154 
79,501 
203 
 
 
 
 
 
Deduction: 
 
 
 
 
Goodwill due to acquisition of United Spaces 
- 
- 
-25 
-0 
Estimated real deferred tax 
-2,337 
-5 
-3,860 
-10 
EPRA NTA: Net tangible assets 
73,634 
149 
75,616 
193

--- Page 131 ---
131 
 
 
Financial risk 
 
Castellum’s strategy is to own, develop and manage properties at low financial risk. This is expressed in a loan 
to value ratio (expressed in relation to total assets) not permanently exceeding 40 per cent. and an interest 
coverage ratio of at least 300 per cent. Different variations of loan to value ratios are commonly used, such as 
loan to value (vs. properties only) or EPRA LTV. Net debt to EBTIDA measures leverage in terms of EBITDA. 
Another important measure used by Castellum to manage financial risk is the secured debt to total asset ratio 
which is a measure that provide information about the level of subordination for investors providing debt on 
an unsecured basis. Finally, the unencumbered asset ratio portrays the portion of investment properties that 
are not subject to any encumbrances (such as, for example creditor claims, mortgages, liens or other securities 
pledged) and is thus free from any potential claims from other creditors.  
 
 
Jan-Dec 2023 
Jan-Dec 2022 
Interest coverage ratio 
 
 
Income from property management, MSEK 
4,373 
4,510 
Reversed: 
  
  
Net interest costs, MSEK 
2,168 
1,531 
Income from property management, MSEK excluding 
net interest 
6,541 
6,041 
Interest coverage ratio 
300% 
390% 
 
 
Jan-Dec 2023 
Jan-Dec 2022 
Loan to value (vs. total assets only) 
 
 
Interest-bearing liabilities, MSEK 
61,671 
76,849 
Cash and cash equivalents, MSEK 
-2,088 
-858 
Net interest-bearing liabilities, MSEK 
59,583 
75,991 
Total assets, MSEK 
159,336 
179,731 
Loan to value ratio (vs. total assets only) (%) 
37.4 
42.3 
 
 
Jan-Dec 2023 
Jan-Dec 2022 
Loan to value (vs. properties only) 
 
 
Net interest-bearing liabilities, MSEK (per above) 
59,583 
75,991 
Investment properties, MSEK  
 
 
Investment properties, MSEK 
137,552 
153,563 
Loan to value ratio (vs. properties only) (%) 
43.3 
49.5 
EPRA LTV 
 
31 Dec 2023 
31 Dec 2023 
31 Dec 2023 
31 Dec 2022 
EPRA LTV 
Group as 
reported 
Castellum’s 
participation 
in Entra 
Total 
Castellum, 
including 
Entra 
Total 
Castellum, 
including 
Entra 
Interest-bearing liabilities, SEK M 
61,671 
12,869 
74,540 
91,124 
Hybrid bonds, SEK M 
10,169 
0 
10,169 
10,169 
Currency portion of market value on 
hedging 
for 
loans 
in 
foreign 
currencies 
-1,065 
0 
-1,065 
-1,586 
Working capital, net (if liabilities 
greater than receivables) 
2,035 
0 
2,035 
2,192 
Cash and cash equivalents, SEK M 
-2,088 
-56 
-2,144 
-938 
Net liabilities, SEK M 
70,722 
12,813 
83,535 
100,961 
Investment properties, SEK M 
137,552 
22,685 
160,237 
181,437

--- Page 132 ---
132 
 
 
Working capital, net (if receivables 
greater than liabilities) 
0 
55 
55 
0 
Total assets, SEK M 
137,552 
22,740 
160,292 
181,437 
EPRA LTV, % 
51.4 
56.3 
52.1 
55.6 
 
Net debt to EBITDA 
 
Jan- Dec 2023 
Jan-Dec 2022 
Net debt to EBITDA 
 
 
Net interest-bearing liabilities, MSEK (per above) 
59,583 
75,991 
Net operating income, MSEK  
6,566 
5,838 
Central administration expenses, MSEK 
-403 
-270 
Operating income, MSEK 
6,163 
5,568 
Net debt to EBITDA 
9.7 
13.6 
 
Secured debt to total asset ratio 
 
 
31 December 2023 
31 December 
2022 
Secured debt to total assets ratio 
 
 
 
 
 
Total debt, MSEK 
61,671 
76,849 
Less unsecured debt, MSEK 
36,570 
44,712 
Secured debt, MSEK 
25,101 
32,137 
Total assets, MSEK 
159,336 
179,731 
Secured debt to total asset ratio (%) 
15.8 
17.9 
 
Unencumbered asset ratio  
 
 
31 December 2023 
31 December 
2022 
Unencumbered asset ratio 
 
 
 
 
 
Total assets, MSEK 
159,336 
179,731 
Less secured assets, MSEK 
84,274 
86,674 
Unencumbered assets 
75,062 
93,057 
Total assets, MSEK 
159,336 
179,731 
Unencumbered asset ratio (%) 
47 
52 
 
 
Net Investments 
 
Net investments is an important key metric for Castellum in order to achieve the financial target of a return of 
equity of at least 10 per cent. over a business cycle. 
 
Net investment, SEK M 
2023 
Jan–Dec 
2022 
Jan–Dec 
Acquisitions 
336 
363 
New construction, extensions and reconstructions 
3,410 
5,548 
Total investments 
3,746 
5,911 
Net sales price 
-5,206 
-3,043 
Net investments 
-1,460 
2,868

--- Page 133 ---
133 
 
 
Proportion of the property value, % 
-1.1 
1.9 
 
 
Surplus ratio 
 
This key performance indicator shows the profitability of Castellum’s properties. 
Surplus ratio 
2023 
Jan–Dec 
2022 
Jan–Dec 
Net operating income 
6,566 
5,838 
Reversed: 
  
  
   Coworking income 
-266 
-232 
  Coworking expenses 
297 
280 
Net operating income excluding coworking 
6,597 
5,886 
Rental income  
8,524 
7,739 
Service income 
1,016 
957 
Rental and service income excluding coworking 
9,540 
8,696 
Surplus ratio, % 
69.2 
67.7 
 
Return on Equity 
 
This key performance indicator shows the ability to generate earnings on the Group's equity. Castellum’s 
overall financial target is to achieve a return on equity of at least 10 per cent. per year over a business cycle. 
 
Return on equity 
2023 
Jan–Dec 
2022 
Jan–Dec 
Earnings after tax 
-11,592 
1,750 
Average equity 
78,080 
81,310 
Return on equity, % 
-14.8 
2.2

--- Page 134 ---
134 
 
 
TAXATION 
SWEDISH TAXATION 
The following summary outlines certain Swedish tax consequences of the acquisition, ownership and disposal 
of Notes. The summary is based on the laws of the Kingdom of Sweden as currently in effect and is intended 
to provide general information only. The summary is not exhaustive and thus does not address all potential 
aspects of Swedish taxation that may be relevant for a potential investor in the Notes and is neither intended 
to be nor should be construed as legal or tax advice. In particular, the summary does not address the rules 
regarding reporting obligations for, among others, payers of interest. Specific tax consequences may be 
applicable to certain categories of corporations, e.g. investment companies and life insurance companies, not 
described below. Investors should consult their professional tax advisors regarding the Swedish and foreign 
tax consequences (including the applicability and effect of double taxation treaties) of acquiring, owning and 
disposing of Notes in their particular circumstances. 
Non-resident holders of Notes 
As used herein, a non-resident holder means a holder of Notes who is (a) an individual who is not a resident 
of Sweden for tax purposes and who has no connection to Sweden other than their investment in the Notes, or 
(b) an entity not organised under the laws of Sweden. 
Payments of any principal amount or any amount that is considered to be interest for Swedish tax purposes to 
a non-resident holder of any Notes should not be subject to Swedish income tax provided that such holder does 
not carry out business activities from a permanent establishment in Sweden to which the Notes are effectively 
connected. Under Swedish tax law, no withholding tax is imposed on payments of principal or interest to a 
non-resident holder of any Notes. 
Private individuals who are not resident in the Kingdom of Sweden for tax purposes may be liable to capital 
gains taxation in the Kingdom of Sweden upon disposal or redemption of certain financial instruments, 
depending on the classification of the particular financial instrument for Swedish income tax purposes, if they 
have been resident in the Kingdom of Sweden or have lived permanently in the Kingdom of Sweden at any 
time during the calendar year of disposal or redemption or the ten calendar years preceding the year of disposal 
or redemption. 
Resident holders of Notes 
As used herein, a resident holder means a holder of Notes who is (a) an individual who is a resident in Sweden 
for tax purposes or (b) an entity organised under the laws of Sweden. 
Generally, all capital income (e.g. amounts that are considered to be interest for Swedish tax purposes and 
capital gains on the Notes) obtained by individuals (and estates of deceased individuals) resident in Sweden 
for tax purposes will be taxable at a rate of 30 per cent.  
Limited liability companies and other legal entities (except partnerships and estates of deceased individuals) 
are normally taxed on all income (including income from the disposal of the Notes) as income from business 
operations at a flat rate of 20.6 per cent.  
Swedish tax law does not impose withholding tax on payments of principal or interest to a resident holder of 
Notes. However, if amounts that are considered to be interest for Swedish tax purposes are paid to a private 
individual (or an estate of a deceased individual) that is a resident holder of Notes, Swedish preliminary tax 
(Sw: preliminärskatt) is normally withheld on such payments at a rate of 30 per cent.

--- Page 135 ---
135 
 
 
FINNISH TAXATION 
The following summary outlines certain Finnish tax consequences of the acquisition, ownership and disposal 
of Notes issued by Castellum Finance. The summary is based on the tax laws of Finland as in effect on the 
date of this Base Prospectus, and is subject to changes in Finnish law, including changes that could have a 
retroactive effect. The following summary does not purport to be a comprehensive description of all Finnish 
tax law considerations that could be relevant for holders of the Notes and does not take into account or discuss 
the tax laws of any country other than Finland. This summary addresses neither Finnish gift nor inheritance 
tax consequences. Prospective investors are advised to consult their own professional tax advisors as to the 
tax consequences relating to investments in the Notes.  
Withholding Tax  
All payments made by Castellum Finance under the Notes other than to Finnish resident individuals may be 
made free of withholding or deduction for any taxes of whatsoever nature imposed, levied withheld or assessed 
by Finland. 
Finnish Resident Individuals and Estates 
If the recipient of interest paid on the Notes is a resident individual or an undistributed estate of a deceased 
Finnish resident, such interest is subject to advance withholding tax in accordance with the Finnish 
Withholding Tax Act (20.12.1996/1118, as amended) and final taxation as capital income in accordance with 
the Finnish Income Tax Act (30.12.1992/1535, as amended) (the Finnish Income Tax Act). The current 
withholding tax rate is 30 per cent. The advance tax withheld is credited against the final tax payable by the 
recipient of interest paid on the Notes. The final capital income tax rate is 30 per cent. (34 per cent. of the 
capital income exceeding EUR 30,000).  
A tax at source, in accordance with the Act on Tax at Source of Interest Income (1341/1990, as amended), has 
to be withheld from the interest paid to a resident individual or an undistributed estate of deceased Finnish 
resident, unless otherwise indicated below. The tax at source is currently 30 per cent. of the amount of interest 
paid. The Act on Tax at Source of Interest Income (1341/1990, as amended) is not applicable, inter alia, if a 
prospectus does not have to be prepared with respect to the Notes due to (i) the Notes being provided to 
qualified investors only, (ii) the offer being addressed in each country belonging to the EEA to a maximum 
number of under 150 investors who are not qualified investors, or (iii) the Notes not being offered for a 
consideration of less than EUR 100,000 per investor and for each separate offer or in denomination of less 
than EUR 100,000 per unit.  
Any gain or loss realised following a disposal of the Notes is taxable income or a tax deductible loss for the 
relevant Noteholder. If the Notes are disposed of during the loan period, any capital gain received is taxed as 
capital income at a flat rate of 30 per cent. (34 per cent. of the capital income exceeding EUR 30,000). Capital 
losses are deductible from all capital income. If the losses cannot be deducted from capital gains and/or other 
capital income incurred during the loss year, the undeducted portion would be used as the basis for confirming 
the capital losses for that tax year, and those confirmed losses would be deductible from capital gains and other 
capital income for the next five years. 
Eventual interests, capital gains or losses shall be reported in the annual tax return. 
Finnish Resident Corporations 
If the recipient of interest paid on the Notes is a corporation residing in Finland as further defined in the Finnish 
Income Tax Act, such interest is not subject to any preliminary withholding. The interest is subject to final

--- Page 136 ---
136 
 
 
taxation of the recipient in accordance with the Finnish Business Income Tax Act (24.6.1968/360, as 
amended). The current rate of corporate income tax is 20 per cent. 
Any gain or loss realised following a disposal of the Notes is taxable income or a tax deductible loss for the 
relevant Noteholder. Capital gains are currently taxed at a flat rate of 20 per cent. Generally, a capital loss is 
deductible from the resident corporations’ income arising in the same year and during the following ten fiscal 
years. 
Eventual interests, capital gains or losses shall be reported in the annual tax return. 
Non-Residents 
Non-residents are not subject to taxation in Finland under the Notes. 
The interest paid to an individual or a corporation not residing in Finland may be subject to tax regulations in 
their state of residence. 
Transfer Tax 
Generally, the transfer tax amounting 1.5 per cent. is payable on transfers or sales of the securities. However, 
the Notes are not classified as securities within the meaning of the Finnish Transfer Tax Act (29.11.1996/931, 
as amended) and, thus, transfer tax is not payable, provided that the yield of the Note is not determined by the 
profit of the Issuer or by the amount of dividend or otherwise entitles to the share of annual profit or surplus 
of the Issuer. 
No transfer tax is payable in Finland on transfers or sales of the securities admitted to trading on the regulated 
market or other multi-lateral trading facility.  
FATCA DISCLOSURE 
Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, commonly known as 
FATCA, a foreign financial institution (as defined by FATCA) may be required to withhold on certain 
payments it makes (foreign passthru payments) to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting or 
related requirements. Each Issuer may be a foreign financial institution for these purposes. A number of 
jurisdictions (including Sweden and the Republic of Finland) have entered into, or have agreed in substance 
to, intergovernmental agreements with the United States to implement FATCA (IGAs), which modify the way 
in which FATCA applies in their jurisdictions. Under the provisions of IGAs as currently in effect, a foreign 
financial institution in an IGA jurisdiction would generally not be required to withhold under FATCA or an 
IGA from payments that it makes. Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to 
instruments such as Notes, including whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or an 
IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as Notes, are uncertain and may be subject to change. Even 
if withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such 
as Notes, such withholding would not apply prior to the date that is two years after the date on which final 
regulations defining foreign passthru payments are published in the U.S. Federal Register and Notes that are 
characterised as debt (or which are not otherwise characterised as equity and have a fixed term) for U.S. federal 
tax purposes that are issued on or prior to the date that is six months after the date on which final regulations 
defining foreign passthru payments are published generally would be “grandfathered” for purposes of FATCA 
withholding unless materially modified after such date (including by reason of a substitution of the Issuer). 
However, if additional Notes (as described under Condition 17 (Further Issues)) that are not distinguishable 
from previously issued Notes are issued after the expiration of the grandfathering period and are subject to 
withholding under FATCA, then withholding agents may treat all Notes, including the Notes offered prior to 
the expiration of the grandfathering period, as subject to withholding under FATCA. Holders should consult

--- Page 137 ---
137 
 
 
their own tax advisers regarding how these rules may apply to their investment in the Notes. In the event any 
withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on the Notes, no 
person will be required to pay additional amounts as a result of the withholding. 
The proposed financial transactions tax (FTT)  
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the Commission's Proposal) for a 
Directive for a common FTT in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, Portugal, 
Slovenia and Slovakia (the participating Member States).  However, Estonia has since stated that it will not 
participate. 
The Commission's Proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings in Notes 
(including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances. Primary market transactions referred to in 
Article 5(c) of Regulation (EC) No 1287/2006 are expected to be exempt. 
Under the Commission's Proposal the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and 
outside of the participating Member States.  Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in Notes where at 
least one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a participating Member State.  
A financial institution may be, or be deemed to be "established" in a participating Member State in a broad 
range of circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person established in a participating Member State 
or (b) where the financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued in a participating Member State. 
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between participating Member States.  It may 
therefore be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains unclear.  Additional EU Member 
States may decide to participate.  
Prospective holders of Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the FTT.

--- Page 138 ---
138 
 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
The Dealers have, in an Amended and Restated Programme Agreement (such Programme Agreement as 
modified and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the Programme Agreement) dated 10 June 
2024, agreed with the Issuers and the Guarantor a basis upon which they or any of them may from time to time 
agree to purchase Notes.  Any such agreement will extend to those matters stated under "Form of the Notes" 
and "Terms and Conditions of the Notes".  In the Programme Agreement, the Issuers (failing which, the 
Guarantor) have agreed to reimburse the Dealers for certain of their expenses in connection with the 
establishment and any future update of the Programme and the issue of Notes under the Programme and to 
indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities incurred by them in connection therewith. 
SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
United States 
The Notes and Guarantee have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or the securities 
laws of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States and may not be offered or sold within the United 
States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain transactions exempt from or not 
subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act.  Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings 
given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act.  
The Notes in bearer form are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered 
within the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions permitted 
by U.S. Treasury regulations.  Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and Treasury regulations promulgated thereunder.  The 
applicable Final Terms will identify whether TEFRA C rules or TEFRA D rules apply or whether TEFRA is 
not applicable. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it will not offer, sell or deliver Notes (a) as part of their distribution at any 
time or (b) otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the distribution of all Notes of the Tranche of which 
such Notes are a part, within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in 
accordance with Regulation S of the Securities Act.  Each Dealer has further agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, that it will send to each dealer to which it sells any 
Notes during the distribution compliance period a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on 
offers and sales of the Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. 
Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
Until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of any Series of Notes, an offer or sale of such Notes 
within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act if such offer or sale is made otherwise than in accordance with an available 
exemption from registration under the Securities Act. 
Prohibition of sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies "Prohibition of sales to EEA Retail Investors" as "Not 
Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not 
offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this 
Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the EEA.  For the 
purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following:

--- Page 139 ---
139 
 
 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
MiFID II); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression an offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide 
to purchase or subscribe for the Notes.  
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies "Prohibition of sales to EEA Retail Investors" as "Not 
Applicable", in relation to each Member State of the EEA, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each 
further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made 
and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus 
as completed by the final terms in relation thereto to the public in that Member State except that it may make 
an offer of such Notes to the public in that Member State: 
(A) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; 
(B) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation) subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers 
nominated by the relevant Issuer for any such offer; or 
(C) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (A) to (C) above shall require the relevant Issuer or any 
Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus 
pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision:  
• 
the expression an offer of Notes to the public in relation to any Notes in any Member State means 
the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer 
and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes; 
and 
• 
the expression Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129.  
United Kingdom 
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies "Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors" as "Not 
Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not 
offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this 
Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the UK. For the 
purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or

--- Page 140 ---
140 
 
 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 
600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression an offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide 
to purchase or subscribe for the Notes.  
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies "Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors" as "Not 
Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the 
subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the final terms in relation thereto 
to the public in the UK except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in the UK: 
(A) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus 
Regulation; 
(B) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in 
Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the UK subject to obtaining the prior consent of the 
relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the relevant Issuer for any such offer; or 
(C) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA,  
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (A) to (C) above shall require the relevant Issuer or any 
Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to 
Article 23 of the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision: 
• 
the expression an offer of Notes to the public in relation to any Notes means the communication in 
any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be 
offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes; and 
• 
the expression UK Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Other regulatory restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one year, (i) it is a person whose ordinary 
activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) 
for the purposes of its business and (ii) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes 
other than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or 
disposing of investments (as principal or as agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it is 
reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for 
the purposes of their businesses where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a 
contravention of Section 19 of the FSMA by the relevant Issuer;

--- Page 141 ---
141 
 
 
(b) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of 
Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in 
circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the relevant Issuer or the 
Guarantor; and 
(c) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything 
done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom. 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan 
(Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended; the FIEA) and each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not, directly or 
indirectly, offered or sold Notes and will not offer or sell any Notes, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or 
for the benefit of, any resident of Japan (as defined under Item 5, Paragraph 1, Article 6 of the Foreign 
Exchange and Foreign Trade Act (Act No. 228 of 1949, as amended)), or to others for re-offering or resale, 
directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, a resident of Japan, except pursuant to an exemption 
from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the FIEA and any other applicable 
laws, regulations and ministerial guidelines of Japan. 
Belgium 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that an offering of Notes may not be advertised to any individual in Belgium 
qualifying as a consumer within the meaning of Article I.1 of the Belgian Code of Economic Law, as amended 
from time to time (a Belgian Consumer) and that it has not offered, sold or resold, transferred or delivered, 
and will not offer, sell, resell, transfer or deliver, the Notes, and that it has not distributed, and will not 
distribute, any prospectus, memorandum, information circular, brochure or any similar documents in relation 
to the Notes, directly or indirectly, to any Belgian Consumer. 
Sweden  
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree that it will not, directly or indirectly, offer for subscription or purchase or issue 
invitations to subscribe for or buy Notes or distribute any draft or definitive document in relation to any such 
offer, invitation or sale except in circumstances that will not result in a requirement to prepare a prospectus for 
an offer to the public pursuant to the provisions of the Prospectus Regulation or the Act on Supplementary 
Rules to the Prospectus Regulation (Sw. lag (2019:414) med kompletterande bestämmelser till EU:s 
prospektförordning) or any other Swedish enactment.  
Finland 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it will not underwrite the issue of, or offer, sell advertise or otherwise 
market or place the Notes, in the Republic of Finland otherwise than in conformity with all applicable 
provisions of the laws of the Republic of Finland and especially in compliance with the Prospectus Regulation 
and the Finnish Securities Markets Act (in Finnish arvopaperimarkkinalaki 746/2012, as amended) as well as 
the regulations issued pursuant thereto and that the Notes will not and may not be offered, sold, advertised or 
otherwise marketed in Finland under circumstances that would constitute a non-exempt offer of the Notes to 
the public under the Prospectus Regulation and the Finnish Securities Markets Act and that any offers of the

--- Page 142 ---
142 
 
 
Notes in Finland will only be made in accordance with the restrictions and qualifications as set forth above in 
"Prohibition of sales to EEA Retail Investors".  
Singapore 
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
acknowledge, that this Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority 
of Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not offered or sold 
any Notes or caused the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase and will not 
offer or sell any Notes or cause the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, 
and has not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this Base Prospectus or any other 
document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of the 
Notes, whether directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor (as 
defined in Section 4A of the SFA) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA or (ii) to an accredited investor (as 
defined in Section 4A of the SFA) pursuant to and in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 
of the SFA. 
Product Classification Pursuant to Section 309B of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore - 
The applicable Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled "Singapore Securities and 
Futures Act Product Classification" which will state the product classification of the Notes pursuant to section 
309B(1) of the SFA. The relevant Issuer will make a determination in relation to each issue about the 
classification of the Notes being offered for the purposes of section 309B(1)(a) of the SFA. Any such legend 
included on the applicable Final Terms will constitute notice to "relevant persons" (as defined in section 
309A(1) of the SFA) for purposes of section 309B(1)(c) of the SFA. 
Switzerland 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that the offering of the Notes in Switzerland is exempt from the requirement 
to prepare and publish a prospectus under the FinSA as long as such offering is made to professional clients 
within the meaning of the FinSA only or as long as the Notes have a minimum denomination of CHF 100,000 
(or equivalent in another currency) or more and the Notes will not be admitted to trading on any trading venue 
(exchange or multilateral trading facility) in Switzerland. This Base Prospectus does not constitute a prospectus 
pursuant to the FinSA, and no such prospectus has been or will be prepared for or in connection with the 
offering of the Notes. 
General 
Each Dealer has agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree that 
it will (to the best of its knowledge and belief) comply with all applicable securities laws and regulations in 
force in any jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or possesses or distributes this 
Base Prospectus and will obtain any consent, approval or permission required by it for the purchase, offer, sale 
or delivery by it of Notes under the laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction to which it is subject or in 
which it makes such purchases, offers, sales or deliveries and neither the Issuers, the Guarantor nor any of the 
other Dealers shall have any responsibility therefor. 
None of the Issuers, the Guarantor and the Dealers represents that Notes may at any time lawfully be sold in 
compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to any 
exemption available thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating such sale.

--- Page 143 ---
143 
 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Authorisation 
The establishment of the Programme was duly authorised by a resolution of the Board of Directors of 
Castellum AB dated 14 June 2018 and the issue of Notes thereunder was duly authorised by a resolution of 
the Board of Directors of Castellum AB dated 16 October 2018. The update of the Programme and, in the case 
of Castellum AB only, the giving of the Guarantee has been duly authorised, as applicable, by (a) resolutions 
of the Board of Directors of Castellum AB dated 13-14 June 2018, 8-9 June 2021, 14 July 2021 and 13 
February 2024 and (b) a resolution of the Board of Directors of Castellum Finance dated 7 June 2024.  
Listing of Notes 
Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for Notes issued under the Programme during the period of 
twelve months from the date of this Base Prospectus to be admitted to the Official List and trading on the 
Euronext Dublin Regulated Market. The approval of the Programme in respect of the Notes was granted on or 
about 10 June 2024. 
Listing Agent 
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited is acting solely in its capacity as listing agent for the Issuers in connection 
with the Notes and is not itself seeking admission of the Notes to the Official List or to trading on the Euronext 
Dublin Regulated Market for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. 
Documents Available 
For the period of 12 months following the date of this Base Prospectus, copies of the following documents 
will, 
when 
published, 
be 
available 
for 
inspection 
in 
electronic 
form 
at 
https://www.castellum.com/investors/financing/emtn-programmes/:   
(a) 
the constitutional documents (with an English translation thereof) of Castellum AB and Castellum 
Finance; 
(b) 
the Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant, the Guarantee and the forms of the Global Notes, the 
Notes in definitive form, the Coupons and the Talons; 
(c) 
a copy of this Base Prospectus; and 
(d) 
any future base prospectuses, prospectuses, information memoranda, supplements and Final Terms to 
this Base Prospectus and any other documents incorporated herein or therein by reference. 
Clearing Systems 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (which are the 
entities in charge of keeping the records).  The appropriate Common Code and ISIN for each Tranche of Notes 
allocated by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable, will be specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. If the Notes are to clear through an additional or alternative clearing system the appropriate information 
will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The address of Euroclear is Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels. The 
address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is Clearstream Banking, 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg.

--- Page 144 ---
144 
 
 
Conditions for determining price 
The price and amount of Notes to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the relevant Issuer 
and each relevant Dealer at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions. 
Significant or Material Change 
There has been no significant change in the financial performance or financial position of Castellum AB or 
the Group since 31 March 2024 and there has been no material adverse change in the financial position or 
prospects of Castellum AB since 31 December 2023.  
There has been no significant change in the financial performance or financial position of Castellum Finance 
since 31 December 2023 and there has been no material adverse change in the financial position or prospects 
of Castellum Finance since 31 December 2023. 
Litigation 
Neither Castellum AB, Castellum Finance, nor any other member of the Group is or has been involved in any 
governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending or 
threatened of which the Issuers are aware) in the 12 months preceding the date of this document which may 
have or have in such period had a significant effect on the financial position or profitability of Castellum AB, 
Castellum Finance and/or the Group. 
Auditors  
The auditors of Castellum AB are Deloitte AB, Kyrkogatan 48, 411 08, Gothenburg, Sweden, Swedish 
authorised public accountants (authorised and regulated by the Supervisory Board of Public Accountants – 
Karlavägen 104, 115 26 Stockholm, Sweden), who have audited Castellum's accounts, without qualification, 
in accordance with IFRS for each of the financial years ended on 31 December 2023 and 31 December 2022. 
The auditors of Castellum Finance are Deloitte Oy, Salmisaarenaukio 2, FI-00180 Helsinki, Finland (an audit 
firm approved and supervised by the Finnish Patent and Registration Office (PRH), Audit Oversight Unit) 
with Aleksi Martamo, Authorised Public Accountant, as the auditor with principal responsibility, who have 
audited Castellum Finance’s accounts, without qualification for each of the financial years ended on 31 
December 2023 and 31 December 2022. Aleksi Martamo is registered in the auditor register in accordance 
with Chapter 6 Section 9 in the Finnish Auditing Act (1141/2015, as amended).  
Dealers transacting with the Issuers and the Guarantor 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking 
and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for the Issuers, the Guarantor 
and their respective affiliates in the ordinary course of business. Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates may 
have positions, deal or make markets in the Notes issued under the Programme, related derivatives and 
reference obligations, including (but not limited to) entering into hedging strategies on behalf of the Issuers, 
the Guarantor and their respective affiliates, investor clients, or as principal in order to manage their exposure, 
their general market risk, or other trading activities. 
In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may make or hold 
a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative securities) and 
financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of their customers. 
Such investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of the Issuers, the 
Guarantor or their respective affiliates. Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates that have a lending relationship 
with the Issuers and/or the Guarantor routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Issuers and the Guarantor 
consistent with their customary risk management policies. Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates would

--- Page 145 ---
145 
 
 
hedge such exposure by entering into transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps 
or the creation of short positions in securities, including potentially the Notes issued under the Programme. 
Any such positions could adversely affect future trading prices of Notes issued under the Programme. The 
Dealers and their affiliates may also make investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent 
research views in respect of such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients 
that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and instruments. 
Website 
Castellum’s website is https://www.castellum.com/. For the avoidance of doubt, the contents of any website 
referred to in this Base Prospectus do not form part of this Base Prospectus unless specifically incorporated by 
reference herein. 
Language of this Base Prospectus 
The language of this Base Prospectus is English. Certain legislative references and technical terms have been 
cited in their original language in order that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed to them under 
applicable law.

--- Page 146 ---
146 
 
 
ISSUERS 
Castellum AB 
Östra Hamngatan 16 
Gothenburg 
Sweden 
Castellum Helsinki Finance Holding Abp 
C/O Castellum Oy 
Rantatie Business Park, Verkkosaarenkatu 5  
00580 Helsinki 
Finland 
GUARANTOR 
Castellum AB 
Östra Hamngatan 16 
Gothenburg 
Sweden 
PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT, EXCHANGE AGENT AND TRANSFER AGENT 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
REGISTRAR 
Citibank Europe plc 
1 North Wall Quay  
Dublin 1  
Ireland 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Issuers as to English law 
To the Issuers as to Swedish law 
Allen Overy Shearman Sterling LLP 
Mannheimer Swartling Advokatbyrå AB 
One Bishops Square 
Järnvågen 1 
London E1 6AD 
Box 2235 
United Kingdom 
SE-403 14 Göteborg  
 
Sweden 
To the Issuers as to Finnish law 
Castren & Snellman Attorneys Ltd 
PO Box 233 (Eteläesplanadi 14) 
FI-00131 Helsinki 
Finland 
To the Dealers as to English law  
To the Dealers as to Swedish law 
Linklaters LLP 
Linklaters Advokatbyrå Aktiebolag 
One Silk Street 
Regeringsgatan 67 
London EC2Y 8HQ 
Box 7833 
United Kingdom 
103 98 Stockholm 
 
Sweden

--- Page 147 ---
147 
 
 
AUDITORS 
To Castellum AB 
Deloitte AB 
Kyrkogatan 48 
411 08 Gothenburg 
Sweden 
 
To Castellum Helsinki Finance Holding Abp 
Deloitte Oy 
Salmisaarenaukio 2 
FI-00180 Helsinki 
Finland  
 
DEALERS 
BNP Paribas 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
16, boulevard des Italiens  
75009 Paris 
France 
Reuterweg 16 
60323 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited 
Danske Bank A/S 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Bernstorffsgade 40  
DK-1577 Copenhagen V 
Canary Wharf 
Denmark  
London E14 5LB 
 
United Kingdom 
 
J.P. Morgan SE 
Nordea Bank Abp 
Taunustor 1 (TaunusTurm) 
Satamaradankatu 5 
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
00020 Nordea 
Germany 
Helsinki 
Finland 
Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ) 
Svenska Handelsbanken AB (publ) 
Kungsträdgårdsgatan 8 
Blasieholmstorg 11 
SE-106 40 Stockholm 
SE-106 70 Stockholm 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Swedbank AB (publ) 
SE – 105 34 
Stockholm 
Sweden 
LISTING AGENT 
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited 
Ten Earlsfort Terrace 
Dublin 2 
Ireland