--- Page 1 ---
1 
 
 
BASE PROSPECTUS 
 
CASTELLUM AB  
(incorporated with limited liability in Sweden) 
CASTELLUM HELSINKI FINANCE HOLDING ABP 
(incorporated with limited liability under the laws of the Republic of Finland) 
 
Unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by 
(in respect of Notes issued by Castellum Helsinki Finance Holding Abp only) 
CASTELLUM AB  
 
€3,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Under this €3,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the Programme), Castellum AB 
(Castellum AB), in its capacity as an issuer, and Castellum Helsinki Finance Holding Abp (Castellum 
Finance) (the Issuers and each an Issuer) may from time to time issue notes (the Notes) denominated in any 
currency agreed between the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) (as defined below). Notes under the 
Programme may be issued by either Issuer and references in this Base Prospectus to the relevant Issuer 
shall, in relation to any issue or proposed issue of Notes, be references to whichever of Castellum AB or 
Castellum Finance is specified as the Issuer of such Notes in the applicable final terms document (the Final 
Terms). Notes issued by Castellum Finance will be unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by 
Castellum AB (in its capacity as guarantor of the Notes only, the Guarantor). 
Notes may be issued in bearer or registered form (respectively Bearer Notes and Registered Notes).  The 
maximum aggregate nominal amount of all Notes from time to time outstanding under the Programme will 
not exceed €3,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies calculated as described in the Programme 
Agreement (as defined under "Subscription and Sale")), subject to increase as described herein. 
The Notes may be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the Dealers specified under "Overview of 
the Programme" and any additional Dealer appointed under the Programme from time to time by the Issuers 
(each a Dealer and together the Dealers), which appointment may be for a specific issue or on an ongoing 
basis.  References in this Base Prospectus to the relevant Dealer shall, in the case of an issue of Notes being 
(or intended to be) subscribed by more than one Dealer, be to all Dealers agreeing to subscribe such Notes. 
An investment in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks.  For a discussion of these 
risks see "Risk Factors". 
This Base Prospectus has been approved as a base prospectus by the Central Bank of Ireland, as competent 
authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the Prospectus Regulation). The Central Bank of Ireland only 
approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency 
imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Approval by the Central Bank of Ireland should not be considered as 
an endorsement of the Issuers, the Guarantor or of the quality of the Notes. Investors should make their own 
assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. Such approval relates only to Notes that are to be 
admitted to trading on the regulated market (the Euronext Dublin Regulated Market) of the Irish Stock

--- Page 2 ---
2 
 
 
Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin (Euronext Dublin) or on another regulated market for the 
purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU (MiFID II) in circumstances that require the publication of a prospectus. 
Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for Notes issued under the Programme during the period of 
12 months from the date of this Base Prospectus to be admitted to its official list (the Official List) and 
trading on the Euronext Dublin Regulated Market. References in this Base Prospectus to the Notes being 
listed (and all related references) shall mean that, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
the Notes have been admitted to the Official List and trading on the Euronext Dublin Regulated Market. 
This Base Prospectus (as supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable) is valid for 12 months 
from its date in relation to Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market in the 
European Economic Area (the EEA). The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event 
of a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply when this Base 
Prospectus is no longer valid. 
Notice of the aggregate nominal amount of Notes, interest (if any) payable in respect of Notes, the issue 
price of Notes and certain other information which is applicable to each Tranche (as defined under "Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes") of Notes will be set out in the applicable Final Terms which will be delivered 
to the Central Bank of Ireland and, where listed, Euronext Dublin.  
Copies of Final Terms in relation to Notes to be listed on Euronext Dublin will also be published on the 
website of Euronext Dublin.  
The Programme also permits Notes to be issued on the basis that they will not be admitted to listing, trading 
and/or quotation by any competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system or to be admitted to 
listing, trading and/or quotation by such other or further stock exchanges and/or quotation systems as may be 
agreed between the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s). 
The Notes and the Guarantee have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, 
as amended (the Securities Act) or any U.S. State securities laws and may not be offered or sold in the 
United States or to, or for the account or the benefit of, U.S. persons as defined in Regulation S under the 
Securities Act unless an exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act is available and 
in accordance with all applicable securities laws of any state of the United States and any other jurisdiction. 
Throughout this Base Prospectus, references are made to the voluntary public offer by Castellum to 
shareholders of Kungsleden Aktiebolag (Kungsleden) to acquire all shares in Kungsleden in exchange for a 
combined consideration of shares in Castellum and cash (the Offer). The new Castellum shares to be issued 
in connection with the Offer are not being, and will not be, registered under the Securities Act or under the 
securities law of any jurisdiction of the United States. The Offer is not capable of being accepted by persons 
who are located or resident in the United States unless they are qualified institutional buyers (QIBs) (as 
defined in Rule 144A under the Securities Act), and any purported acceptance of the Offer by persons 
located or resident in the United States other than QIBs or which, at the sole discretion of Castellum, appear 
to be made in respect of Kungsleden shares beneficially held by persons located or resident in the United 
States other than QIBs, will not be accepted.  
The Offer is not being made, and any documentation related to the Offer (including copies thereof) must not 
be mailed or otherwise distributed, forwarded or sent in or into, nor will any tender of share be accepted 
from or on behalf of holders in the United States or any jurisdiction (including, without limitation, Australia, 
Hong Kong, Japan, New Zealand or South Africa) in which the distribution of this Base Prospectus or the 
Offer would require additional measures to be take or would be in conflict with any law or regulation in any 
such jurisdiction.     
Castellum AB has been rated Baa2 by Moody's Investors Service (Nordics) AB (Moody's). The Programme 
has been rated Baa2 by Moody's.  Moody's is established in the EEA and is registered in accordance with

--- Page 3 ---
3 
 
 
Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) (the EU CRA Regulation). As such Moody's is included in 
the list of credit rating agencies published by the European Securities and Markets Authority (ESMA) on its 
website (at http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-and-certified-CRAs) in accordance with the EU 
CRA Regulation. Moody's is not established in the United Kingdom (UK) but ratings issued by Moody's will 
be endorsed by Moody's Investors Service Limited, which is established in the UK and registered in 
accordance with Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA) (the UK CRA Regulation). As such, ratings may be used for 
regulatory purposes in the UK in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation.  
Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated by the rating agency referred to above.  Where a 
Tranche of Notes is rated, such rating will be disclosed in the Final Terms and will not necessarily be the 
same as the rating assigned to the Programme by Moody's.  A security rating is not a recommendation to 
buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the 
assigning rating agency. Amounts payable on Floating Rate Notes may be calculated by reference to one of 
EURIBOR, CIBOR, STIBOR and NIBOR as specified in the applicable Final Terms. As at the date of this 
Base Prospectus, the administrator of EURIBOR, the administrator of CIBOR and the administrator of 
NIBOR are included in ESMA's register of administrators under Article 36 of the Regulation (EU) No. 
2016/1011 (the EU Benchmarks Regulation). As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the administrator of 
STIBOR is not included in ESMA's register of administrators under the EU Benchmarks Regulation. As far 
as the Issuers are aware, the transitional provisions in Article 51 of the EU Benchmarks Regulation apply, 
such that the Swedish Financial Benchmark Facility (as administrator of STIBOR) is not currently required 
to obtain authorisation/registration (or, if located outside the European Union, recognition, endorsement or 
equivalence). 
Arranger 
J.P. MORGAN 
Dealers 
BNP PARIBAS  
CITIGROUP  
DANSKE BANK  
HANDELSBANKEN CAPITAL MARKETS  
J.P. MORGAN  
NORDEA  
SEB  
SWEDBANK 
The date of this Base Prospectus is 20 August 2021.

--- Page 4 ---
4 
 
 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION 
This Base Prospectus comprises a base prospectus in respect of all Notes issued under the Programme 
for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation. When used in this Base Prospectus, 
Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
Each Issuer and the Guarantor accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base 
Prospectus and the Final Terms for each Tranche of Notes issued under the Programme.  To the best 
of the knowledge of the Issuers and the Guarantor the information contained in this Base Prospectus 
is in accordance with the facts and does not omit anything likely to affect the import of such 
information. 
The sections of the Kungsleden Q2 Interim Financials (as defined below) that are incorporated by 
reference herein have been extracted from publicly available information published by Kungsleden. 
The Issuers and the Guarantor each confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced 
and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information published by Kungsleden, no 
facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.  
This Base Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with all documents which are deemed to be 
incorporated in it by reference (see "Documents Incorporated by Reference").  This Base Prospectus 
shall be read and construed on the basis that those documents are incorporated and form part of this 
Base Prospectus. 
Other than in relation to the documents which are deemed to be incorporated by reference (see 
"Documents Incorporated by Reference"), the information on the websites to which this Base 
Prospectus refers does not form part of this Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved 
by the Central Bank of Ireland. 
The Dealers have not independently verified the information contained herein.  Accordingly, no 
representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is made and no responsibility or liability 
is accepted by the Dealers as to the accuracy or completeness of the information contained or 
incorporated in this Base Prospectus or any other information provided by the Issuers or the 
Guarantor in connection with the Programme.  No Dealer accepts any liability in relation to the 
information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or any other information 
provided by the Issuers or the Guarantor in connection with the Programme. 
No person is or has been authorised by the Issuers or the Guarantor to give any information or to 
make any representation not contained in or not consistent with this Base Prospectus and, if given or 
made, such information or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the 
Issuers, the Guarantor or any of the Dealers. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or 
any Notes (a) is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation or (b) should be 
considered as a recommendation by the Issuers, the Guarantor or any of the Dealers that any recipient 
of this Base Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any 
Notes should purchase any Notes.  Each investor contemplating purchasing any Notes should make its 
own independent investigation of the financial condition and affairs, and its own appraisal of the 
creditworthiness, of the Issuers and the Guarantor.  Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other 
information supplied in connection with the Programme or the issue of any Notes constitutes an offer 
or invitation by or on behalf of the Issuers, the Guarantor or any of the Dealers to any person to 
subscribe for or to purchase any Notes.

--- Page 5 ---
5 
 
 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Notes shall in any 
circumstances imply that the information contained in it concerning the Issuers and the Guarantor is 
correct at any time subsequent to its date or that any other information supplied in connection with 
the Programme is correct as of any time subsequent to the date indicated in the document containing 
the same.  The Dealers expressly do not undertake to review the financial condition or affairs of the 
Issuers or the Guarantor during the life of the Programme or to advise any investor in Notes issued 
under the Programme of any information coming to their attention. 
IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes a 
legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors", the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the EEA. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail 
client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 
(EU) 2016/97 (the Insurance Distribution Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as 
defined in the Prospectus Regulation. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation 
(EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the 
Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the 
PRIIPs Regulation.  
IMPORTANT – UK RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes a legend 
entitled "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors", the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) 
of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA 
and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) 
No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as 
defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under 
the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
MiFID II product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a 
legend entitled "MiFID II product governance" which will outline the target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into consideration the target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the MiFID Product Governance Rules), any 
Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the 
Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the 
MiFID Product Governance Rules.  
UK MiFIR product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a 
legend entitled "UK MiFIR Product Governance" which will outline the target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any distributor should take

--- Page 6 ---
6 
 
 
into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook 
Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules) is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or 
refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, 
but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a 
manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MIFIR Product Governance Rules. 
Product Classification Pursuant to Section 309b of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of 
Singapore: The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled "Singapore Securities and 
Futures Act Product Classification" which will state the product classification of the Notes pursuant to 
section 309B(1) of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore (the SFA). The relevant Issuer 
will make a determination in relation to each issue about the classification of the Notes being offered for 
purposes of section 309B(1)(a). Any such legend included on the relevant Final Terms will constitute notice 
to "relevant persons" for purposes of section 309B(1)(c) of the SFA. 
Notice to Swiss permitted investors - The Notes may not be publicly offered, directly or indirectly, in 
Switzerland within the meaning of the Swiss Financial Services Act (FinSA) and no application has or will 
be made to admit the Notes to trading on any trading venue (exchange or multilateral trading facility) in 
Switzerland. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the Notes 
constitutes a prospectus pursuant to the FinSA, and neither this Base Prospectus nor any other offering or 
marketing material relating to the Notes may be publicly distributed or otherwise made publicly available in 
Switzerland. No key information document according to the FinSA or any equivalent document under the 
FinSA has been prepared in relation to the Notes, and, therefore, the Notes may not be offered or 
recommended to private clients within the meaning of the FinSA in Switzerland. 
Notice to Ontario permitted investors - The Notes may be sold only to purchasers purchasing, or deemed 
to be purchasing, as principal that are accredited investors, as defined in National Instrument 45-106 
Prospectus Exemptions or subsection 73.3(1) of the Securities Act (Ontario), and are permitted clients, as 
defined in National Instrument 31-103 Registration Requirements, Exemptions and Ongoing Registrant 
Obligations. Any resale of the Notes must be made in accordance with an exemption from, or in a transaction 
not subject to, the prospectus requirements of applicable securities laws. 
Securities legislation in certain provinces or territories of Canada may provide a purchaser with remedies for 
rescission or damages if this Base Prospectus (including any amendment thereto) contains a 
misrepresentation, provided that the remedies for rescission or damages are exercised by the purchaser 
within the time limit prescribed by the securities legislation of the purchaser’s province or territory. The 
purchaser should refer to any applicable provisions of the securities legislation of the purchaser’s province or 
territory for particulars of these rights or consult with a legal advisor. 
If applicable, pursuant to section 3A.3 (or, in the case of securities issued or guaranteed by the government 
of a non-Canadian jurisdiction, section 3A.4) of National Instrument 33-105 Underwriting Conflicts (NI 33-
105), the Dealers are not required to comply with the disclosure requirements of NI 33-105 regarding 
underwriter conflicts of interest in connection with this offering. 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO THE USE OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS AND 
OFFERS OF NOTES GENERALLY 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any Notes in 
any jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or solicitation in such jurisdiction.  
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes may be restricted by law in certain 
jurisdictions.  The Issuers, the Guarantor and the Dealers do not represent that this Base Prospectus may be

--- Page 7 ---
7 
 
 
lawfully distributed, or that any Notes may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any applicable 
registration or other requirements in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption available thereunder, 
or assume any responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or offering.  In particular, no action has 
been taken by the Issuers, the Guarantor or the Dealers which is intended to permit a public offering of any 
Notes or distribution of this Base Prospectus in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required.  
Accordingly, no Notes may be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and neither this Base Prospectus nor 
any advertisement or other offering material may be distributed or published in any jurisdiction, except under 
circumstances that will result in compliance with any applicable laws and regulations.  Persons into whose 
possession this Base Prospectus or any Notes may come must inform themselves about, and observe, any 
such restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering and sale of Notes.  In particular, 
there are restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes in the United 
States, the EEA (including Belgium, Sweden and the Republic of Finland), the UK, Singapore and Japan, see 
"Subscription and Sale". 
Notes issued as Green Bonds – None of the Dealers accepts any responsibility for any environmental or 
sustainability assessment of any Notes issued as Green Bonds or makes any representation or warranty or 
assurance whether such Notes will meet any investor expectations or requirements regarding such "green" or 
similar labels. None of the Dealers is responsible for the use of proceeds for any Notes issued as Green 
Bonds, nor the impact or monitoring of such use of proceeds. No representation or assurance is given by the 
Issuers, the Guarantor or any of the Dealers as to the suitability or reliability of any opinion or certification 
of any third party made available in connection with an issue of Notes issued as Green Bonds, nor is any 
such opinion or certification a recommendation by the Issuers, the Guarantor or any Dealer to buy, sell or 
hold any such Notes. In the event any such Notes are, or are intended to be, listed, or admitted to trading on a 
dedicated "green" or other equivalently-labelled segment of a stock exchange or securities market, no 
representation or assurance is given by the relevant Issuer or any of the Dealers that such listing or admission 
will be obtained or maintained for the lifetime of the Notes.

--- Page 8 ---
8 
 
 
PRESENTATION OF FINANCIAL AND OTHER INFORMATION 
Presentation of Financial Information 
Unless otherwise indicated, the financial information in this Base Prospectus relating to Castellum AB has 
been derived from (i) the audited consolidated financial statements of Castellum AB for the financial years 
ended 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019 and (ii) the unaudited interim financial statements of 
Castellum AB in respect of the six-month period ended 30 June 2021 (together, the Financial Statements). 
Castellum AB’s financial year ends on 31 December, and references in this Base Prospectus to any specific 
year are to the 12-month period ended on 31 December of such year.  The Financial Statements have been 
prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) issued by the International 
Accounting Standards Board. Castellum Finance’s financial year ends on 31 December, and references in 
this Base Prospectus to any specific year are to the 12-month period ended on 31 December of such year. As 
Castellum Finance is a newly incorporated company, it is yet to prepare financial information and as such, 
this Base Prospectus does not contain separate financial information for Castellum Finance. Following 
incorporation, Castellum Finance’s first financial year-end date is 31 December 2021.  
This Base Prospectus includes unaudited pro forma financial information that is presented to illustrate the 
financial impact on Castellum of the Offer (as defined above) to acquire all the shares in Kungsleden. The 
unaudited pro forma statement of income for the period 1 January 2021 to 30 June 2021 has been compiled 
assuming that the Offer had been completed on 1 January 2021 and the unaudited pro forma balance sheet as 
of 30 June 2021 has been compiled assuming that the Offer had been completed as of 30 June 2021. The 
unaudited pro forma financial information has been prepared on the basis of the unaudited interim financial 
statements in respect of the six-month period ended 30 June 2021 of Castellum AB and Kungsleden 
respectively for illustrative purposes only and on the basis of the notes set out therein. The unaudited pro 
forma financial information has been prepared in accordance with Annex 20 to Commission Delegated 
Regulation (EU) 2019/980 supplementing the Prospectus Regulation and has been compiled in a manner 
consistent with the accounting principles of Castellum. 
Certain terms used in this Base Prospectus and financial measures presented in the documents incorporated 
by reference are not recognised financial measures under IFRS (Alternative Performance Measures or 
APMs) and may therefore not be considered as an alternative to the financial measures defined in the 
accounting standards in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Castellum AB presents 
APMs because it believes that these and similar measures are used by certain investors, securities analysts 
and other interested parties as supplemental measures of performance and liquidity. The APMs may differ 
from company to company and therefore may not be comparable to other similarly titled measures of other 
companies. The APMs may also have limitations as analytical tools and should not be considered in isolation 
or as a substitute for analysis of the Group’s operating results as reported under IFRS. For definitions and 
further explanations of Alternative Performance Measures, see "Alternative Performance Measures and 
other Key Performance Indicators", below. 
Certain Defined Terms and Conventions 
Capitalised terms which are used but not defined in any particular section of this Base Prospectus will have 
the meaning attributed to them in "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" or any other section of this Base 
Prospectus. In addition, the following terms as used in this Base Prospectus have the meanings defined 
below:  
References to: 
 
DKK refer to Danish Krone;

--- Page 9 ---
9 
 
 
 
NOK refer to Norwegian Krone; 
 
SEK refer to Swedish Krona; and 
 
EUR, euro and € refer to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European 
economic and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty establishing the European Community, as 
amended. 
References to a billion are to a thousand million.  
Certain figures and percentages included in this Base Prospectus have been subject to rounding adjustments; 
accordingly, figures shown in the same category presented in different tables may vary slightly and figures 
shown as totals in certain tables may not be an arithmetic aggregation of the figures which precede them. 
References to Castellum and the Group are to Castellum AB and its consolidated subsidiaries, including 
Castellum Finance.  
In this Base Prospectus, unless the contrary intention appears, a reference to a law or a provision of a law is a 
reference to that law or provision as extended, amended or re-enacted. 
SUITABILITY OF INVESTMENT 
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors.  Each potential investor in the Notes must 
determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances.  In particular, each potential 
investor may wish to consider, either on its own or with the help of its financial and other professional 
advisers, whether it: 
(i) 
has sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the merits 
and risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained or incorporated by reference in this 
Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement; 
(ii) 
has access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its 
particular financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact the Notes will have on its 
overall investment portfolio; 
(iii) 
has sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Notes, 
including Notes where the currency for principal or interest payments is different from the potential 
investor's currency; 
(iv) 
understands thoroughly the terms of the Notes and is familiar with the behaviour of financial 
markets; and 
(v) 
is able to evaluate possible scenarios for economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its 
investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments. The investment activities of certain 
investors are subject to investment laws and regulations, or review or regulation by certain authorities.  Each 
potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether and to what extent (1) Notes are 
legal investments for it, (2) Notes can be used as collateral for various types of borrowing and (3) other 
restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes.  Financial institutions should consult their legal 
advisers or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of Notes under any applicable 
risk-based capital or similar rules. 
STABILISATION

--- Page 10 ---
10 
 
 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in the 
applicable Final Terms may over-allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the 
market price of the Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail.  However 
stabilisation may not necessarily occur.  Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on 
which adequate public disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is made 
and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue 
date of the relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant 
Tranche of Notes. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in accordance 
with all applicable laws and rules.

--- Page 11 ---
11 
 
 
CONTENTS 
Page 
Overview of the Programme ............................................................................................................................ 12 
Risk Factors ...................................................................................................................................................... 17 
Documents Incorporated by Reference ............................................................................................................ 36 
Form of the Notes ............................................................................................................................................. 39 
Applicable Final Terms .................................................................................................................................... 43 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes .................................................................................................................. 57 
Use of Proceeds ................................................................................................................................................ 99 
Description of Castellum Helsinki Finance Holding Abp .............................................................................. 100 
Description of Castellum ................................................................................................................................ 102 
Alternative Performance Measures and other Key Performance Indicators................................................... 132 
Unaudited Pro Forma Financial Information.................................................................................................. 137 
Taxation .......................................................................................................................................................... 148 
Subscription and Sale ..................................................................................................................................... 152 
General Information ....................................................................................................................................... 158

--- Page 12 ---
12 
 
 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety 
by, the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular 
Tranche of Notes, the applicable Final Terms.  The relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable) and any 
relevant Dealer(s) may agree that Notes shall be issued in a form other than that contemplated in the 
Terms and Conditions, in which event, and if appropriate, a new Base Prospectus or a supplement to the 
Base Prospectus, will be published. 
This Overview constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25(1) of 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No 2019/980. 
Words and expressions defined in "Form of the Notes" and "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" shall have 
the same meanings in this Overview. 
Issuers: 
Castellum AB 
Castellum Helsinki Finance Holding Abp  
Guarantor: 
Castellum AB, in respect of Notes issued by Castellum Helsinki 
Finance Holding Abp only 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 
Castellum AB: 549300GU5OHTR1T5IY68 
Castellum 
Helsinki 
Finance 
Holding 
Abp: 
743700WAF2AHZ4LRAR98  
Risk Factors: 
There are certain factors that may affect an Issuer's ability to fulfil 
its obligations under Notes issued under the Programme. There are 
also certain factors that may affect the Guarantor’s ability to fulfil 
its obligations under the guarantee contained in the deed of 
guarantee dated 20 August 2021 (the Guarantee), if applicable.  
In addition, there are certain factors which are material for the 
purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes issued 
under the Programme and risks relating to the structure of a 
particular Series of Notes issued under the Programme.  These are 
set out under "Risk Factors". 
Description: 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Arranger: 
J.P. Morgan AG 
Dealers: 
BNP Paribas 
 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited 
 
Danske Bank A/S 
 
J.P. Morgan AG 
 
Nordea Bank Abp 
 
Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ) 
 
Svenska Handelsbanken AB (publ) 
 
Swedbank AB (publ) 
 
and any other Dealers appointed in accordance with the 
Programme Agreement.

--- Page 13 ---
13 
 
 
Certain Restrictions: 
Each issue of Notes denominated in a currency in respect of which 
particular laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or reporting 
requirements apply will only be issued in circumstances which 
comply with such laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or 
reporting requirements from time to time (see "Subscription and 
Sale"), including the following restrictions applicable at the date 
of this Base Prospectus:  
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year 
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year will, if the proceeds 
of the issue are accepted in the UK, constitute deposits for the 
purposes of the prohibition on accepting deposits contained in 
section 19 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 
(FSMA) unless they are issued to a limited class of professional 
investors and have a denomination of at least £100,000 or its 
equivalent, see "Subscription and Sale". 
Issuing and Principal Paying Agent: 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
Programme Size: 
Up to €3,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies 
calculated as described in the Programme Agreement) outstanding 
at any time.  The Issuers and the Guarantor may increase the 
amount of the Programme in accordance with the terms of the 
Programme Agreement. 
Distribution: 
Notes may be distributed by way of private or public placement 
and in each case on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. 
Currencies: 
Subject to any applicable legal or regulatory restrictions, Notes 
may be denominated in any currency agreed between the relevant 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer.  
Maturities: 
The Notes will have such maturities as may be agreed between the 
relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer, subject to such minimum 
or maximum maturities as may be allowed or required from time 
to time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any 
laws or regulations applicable to the relevant Issuer or the relevant 
Specified Currency. 
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued on a fully-paid basis and at an issue price 
which is at par or at a discount to, or premium over, par. 
Form of Notes 
The Notes will be issued in either bearer or registered form as 
described in "Form of the Notes". Registered Notes will not be 
exchangeable for Bearer Notes and vice versa. 
Fixed Rate Notes: 
Fixed interest will be payable on such date or dates as may be 
agreed between the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer and on 
redemption and will be calculated on the basis of such Day Count 
Fraction as may be agreed between the relevant Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer.

--- Page 14 ---
14 
 
 
Floating Rate Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest at a rate determined: 
 
(a) 
on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional 
interest rate swap transaction in the relevant Specified 
Currency governed by an agreement incorporating the 
2006 ISDA Definitions (as published by the International 
Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc., and as amended 
and updated as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the 
Notes of the relevant Series); or 
 
(b) 
on the basis of the reference rate set out in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes in respect of each Interest Period, 
as agreed prior to issue by the relevant Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer, will be payable on such Interest Payment Dates, and will 
be calculated on the basis of such Day Count Fraction, as may be 
agreed between the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
 
The margin (if any) relating to such floating rate will be agreed 
between the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer for each Series 
of Floating Rate Notes. 
 
Floating Rate Notes may also have a maximum interest rate, a 
minimum interest rate or both. 
Step Up Rating Change and/or Step 
Down Rating Change: 
The applicable Final Terms will specify whether a Step Up Rating 
Change and/or Step Down Rating Change will apply to the Notes, 
in which case the rate of interest in respect of the Notes may be 
subject to adjustment as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
See Condition 5.4 (Adjustment of Rate of Interest for Fixed Rate 
Notes and Floating Rate Notes). 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
Zero Coupon Notes will be offered and sold at a discount to their 
nominal amount and will not bear interest. 
Redemption: 
The applicable Final Terms will indicate either that the relevant 
Notes cannot be redeemed prior to their stated maturity (other than 
for taxation reasons or following an Event of Default) or that such 
Notes will be redeemable at the option of the relevant Issuer 
and/or the Noteholders and/or the Noteholders on a Change of 
Control, in each case upon giving notice to the Noteholders or the 
relevant Issuer, as the case may be, on a date or dates specified 
prior to such stated maturity and at a price or prices and on such 
other terms as may be agreed between the relevant Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer.   
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year may be subject to 
restrictions on their denomination and distribution, see "Certain 
Restrictions - Notes having a maturity of less than one year" 
above. 
Denomination of Notes: 
The Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be agreed

--- Page 15 ---
15 
 
 
between the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer save that the 
minimum denomination of each Note will be such amount as may 
be allowed or required from time to time by the relevant central 
bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or regulations applicable to 
the relevant Specified Currency, see "Certain Restrictions - Notes 
having a maturity of less than one year" above, and save that the 
minimum denomination of each Note will be €100,000 (or, if the 
Notes are denominated in a currency other than euro, the 
equivalent amount in such currency). 
Taxation: 
All payments in respect of the Notes by or on behalf of the 
relevant Issuer or the Guarantor (as applicable) will be made 
without deduction for or on account of withholding taxes imposed 
by any Tax Jurisdiction as provided in Condition 8 (Taxation).  In 
the event that any such deduction is made, the relevant Issuer or 
the Guarantor (as applicable) will, save in certain limited 
circumstances provided in Condition 8 (Taxation), be required to 
pay additional amounts to cover the amounts so deducted. 
Negative Pledge: 
The terms of the Notes will contain a negative pledge provision as 
further described in Condition 4.1 (Negative Pledge). 
Financial Covenants: 
The terms of the Notes will contain certain financial covenants as 
further described in Condition 4.2 (Financial Covenants) 
Cross Default: 
The terms of the Notes will contain a cross default provision as 
further described in Condition 10 (Events of Default and 
Enforcement). 
Status of the Notes: 
The Notes will constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated 
and (subject to the provisions of Condition 4.1 (Negative Pledge)) 
unsecured obligations of the relevant Issuer and will rank pari 
passu among themselves and (save for any obligations required to 
be preferred by law) equally with all other unsecured obligations 
(other than subordinated obligations, if any) of the relevant Issuer, 
from time to time outstanding. 
Status of the Guarantee: 
Notes issued by Castellum Finance will be unconditionally and 
irrevocably guaranteed by the Guarantor. The obligations of the 
Guarantor 
under 
the 
Guarantee 
will 
constitute 
direct, 
unconditional, unsubordinated and (subject to the provisions of 
Condition 4.1 (Negative Pledge)) unsecured obligations of the 
Guarantor and (save for any obligations required to be preferred 
by law) will rank equally with all other unsecured obligations 
(other than subordinated obligations, if any) of the Guarantor, 
from time to time outstanding. 
Substitution: 
The terms of the Notes permit the substitution of the relevant 
Issuer, without the consent of the Noteholders, for a subsidiary of 
Castellum AB as principal debtor in respect of any Series of Notes 
issued under the Programme, subject to satisfaction of the 
conditions as described in Condition 16 (Substitution). 
Rating: 
The Programme has been rated Baa2 by Moody's.  Series of Notes

--- Page 16 ---
16 
 
 
issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated.  Where a 
Series of Notes is rated, such rating will be disclosed in the 
applicable Final Terms and will not necessarily be the same as the 
rating assigned to the Programme.  A security rating is not a 
recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject 
to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the 
assigning rating agency. 
Listing: 
Application has been made for Notes issued under the Programme 
to be admitted to the Official List and to trading on the Euronext 
Dublin Regulated Market. 
 
Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on 
other or further stock exchanges or markets agreed between the 
relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer in relation to the Series.  
Notes which are neither listed nor admitted to trading on any 
market may also be issued. 
 
The applicable Final Terms will state whether or not the relevant 
Notes are to be listed and/or admitted to trading and, if so, on 
which stock exchanges and/or markets. 
Governing Law: 
The Notes, the Guarantee and any non-contractual obligations 
arising out of or in connection with the Notes and the Guarantee 
will be governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, 
English law.  
Selling Restrictions: 
There are restrictions on the offer, sale and transfer of the Notes in 
the United States, the EEA (including Belgium, Sweden and the 
Republic of Finland), the UK, Singapore and Japan, and such 
other restrictions as may be required in connection with the 
offering and sale of a particular Tranche of Notes, see 
"Subscription and Sale".  
United States Selling Restrictions: 
Regulation S, Category 2. TEFRA C/TEFRA D/TEFRA not 
applicable, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Bearer Notes will be issued in compliance with U.S. Treas. Reg. 
§1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (or any successor rules in substantially the 
same form that are applicable for purposes of Section 4701 of the 
U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code) 
(TEFRA D) unless (i) the applicable Final Terms states that the 
Notes are issued in compliance with U.S. Treas. Reg. §1.163-
5(c)(2)(i)(C) (or any successor rules in substantially the same 
form that are applicable for purposes of Section 4701 of the Code) 
(TEFRA C) or (ii) the Notes are issued other than in compliance 
with TEFRA D or TEFRA C but in circumstances in which the 
Notes will not constitute “registration required obligations” under 
the United States Tax Equity and Fiscal Responsibility Act of 
1982 (TEFRA), which circumstances will be referred to in the 
applicable Final Terms as a transaction to which TEFRA is not 
applicable.

--- Page 17 ---
17 
 
 
RISK FACTORS 
Any investment in the Notes is subject to a number of risks. Prior to investing in the Notes, prospective 
investors should carefully consider the risk factors associated with any investment in the Notes, the business 
of the Group and the industry in which it operates together with all other information contained in this Base 
Prospectus, including, in particular, the risk factors described below. Words and expressions defined in the 
"Terms and Conditions of the Notes" below or elsewhere in this Base Prospectus have the same meanings in 
this section. 
In purchasing Notes, investors assume the risk that the relevant Issuer and, if applicable, the Guarantor, 
may become insolvent or otherwise be unable to make all payments due in respect of the Notes or under the 
Guarantee.  There are a wide range of factors which individually or together could result in an Issuer or, as 
the case may be, the Guarantor becoming unable to make all payments due.  It is not possible to identify all 
such factors or to determine which factors are most likely to occur, as the relevant Issuer and, if applicable, 
the Guarantor may not be aware of all relevant factors and certain factors which it currently deems not to be 
material may become material as a result of the occurrence of events outside the relevant Issuer's and, if 
applicable, the Guarantor’s, control.  The Issuers and, as the case may be, the Guarantor have identified in 
this Base Prospectus a number of factors which could materially adversely affect their business and ability 
to make payments due under the Notes or the Guarantee.   
In addition, factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes 
issued under the Programme are also described below. 
Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus 
and reach their own views prior to making any investment decision. 
FACTORS THAT MAY AFFECT THE GROUP AND THE ABILITY OF THE RELEVANT 
ISSUER TO FULFIL ITS OBLIGATIONS UNDER NOTES ISSUED UNDER THE PROGRAMME 
AND (IF APPLICABLE) THE ABILITY OF THE GUARANTOR TO FULFIL ITS OBLIGATIONS 
UNDER THE GUARANTEE   
Risks related to the Issuers, the Guarantor and the Group 
The Group's operations are affected by macroeconomic factors. 
Castellum owns and manages commercial properties in selected growth regions in Sweden, Denmark and 
Finland and its operations are therefore affected by macroeconomic factors that are beyond its control. These 
factors include but are not limited to growth measured as gross domestic product (GDP), inflation and 
possible deflation, as well as general difficulties in securing financing (or financing on terms acceptable to 
Castellum). For instance, weak economic growth has a negative impact on the demand for commercial 
premises, which in turn may lead to higher vacancy rates, declining market rents and foregone indexation 
income from existing leases. The risk of payment difficulties (or even bankruptcies) also increases, which 
has an immediate negative effect on cash flow. Limited access to capital due to general difficulties in 
securing financing (or financing on terms acceptable to Castellum), for example, impedes Castellum's ability 
to conduct its operations. General economic downturns may also have an adverse effect on the market value 
of Castellum's properties. For example, during 2020 and continuing into 2021 the Covid-19 pandemic has 
caused extensive economic turbulence leading to a deterioration of global and regional economic conditions, 
including in Europe and the Nordic region.  While the pandemic had a sharp negative impact on the 
European and Nordic financial markets during 2020, the impact on Castellum’s earnings has, to date, been 
limited with slightly lower rental income. The direct and indirect impact of Covid-19 remains uncertain, 
however a prolongation of the Covid-19 pandemic could significantly negatively impact economic growth, 
business operations and real estate markets. This could have a material adverse effect on the financial

--- Page 18 ---
18 
 
 
performance and the cost of funding for Castellum. If any of these risks should materialise, it may have a 
materially adverse effect on Castellum's operations, earnings and financial position.  
Supply and demand for properties, and therefore the yield on property investments, varies between different 
geographic markets and property categories, and can thus develop differently within such geographic 
markets and property categories. There is a risk that demand will fall and the market’s yield requirement will 
therefore increase within those geographic markets and property categories in which Castellum operates. 
This may have a material adverse impact on Castellum's operations, earnings and financial position. 
The commercial property sector is competitive and Castellum may have difficulties competing successfully 
in the future. 
Castellum operates in a competitive sector. Among other things, Castellum's competitiveness depends on its 
ability to attract and retain tenants, to anticipate future changes and trends in the sector, and to rapidly adapt 
to both current and future market needs. Furthermore, Castellum's competitors may have more resources at 
their disposal and may have the capacity to better withstand market downturns, to compete more 
successfully, to better retain skilled personnel, and to respond more rapidly to evolving tenant needs. 
Accordingly, Castellum may have to make investments, restructurings or price reductions in order to adapt to 
a changed competitive situation, for example through the renegotiation of lease terms. There is a risk that 
Castellum will not be able to successfully counteract the effects of competition. If Castellum is unable to 
successfully compete, this failure may materially impact on rent levels and vacancy rates, and Castellum's 
revenues could decline, which in turn may have a materially adverse impact on Castellum's operations, 
earnings and financial position. 
Castellum's income is dependent on tenants meeting their rental obligations.  
Castellum's income primarily comprises rental income from its properties. A failure by tenants to pay rents 
or otherwise to perform their obligations to Castellum may lead to lower rental income and increased bad 
debt losses. Castellum-specific factors may also affect the rental income negatively. For example bad 
customer care or property maintenance may result in unsatisfied customers and ultimately an increased 
vacancy rate which in turn will lead to lower rental income. There is also a risk that Castellum's tenants will 
not renew or extend their leases as they expire. Furthermore, there is a risk that it will not be possible to find 
new tenants, or that new tenants will not pay the same rents as the previous tenants, which may result in a 
higher vacancy rate and lower rental income.  If tenants fail to perform their obligations at all, for example in 
the event of bankruptcy, or only after debt collection measures have been taken, this may also result in loss 
of revenue and an increased vacancy rate, with lower property values as a consequence. If tenants fail to 
renew or extend their leases as they expire, or fail to pay agreed rents on time or otherwise fail to perform 
their obligations, this may have a material adverse impact on Castellum's operations, earnings and financial 
position.  
Operational business risks. 
For Castellum, the successful composition of its property portfolio is dependent on the properties in question 
having the right characteristics in terms of location and segment, and on the properties being able to meet 
customer preferences and technology requirements over time. 
The performance of Castellum's property portfolio may be affected by a flaw in its geographical distribution, 
i.e. by Castellum owning properties in the wrong submarket or in the wrong city or location with regard to 
future growth and strong ongoing urbanisation trends, or by Castellum owning properties that do not meet 
evolving customer preferences, technology requirements, micro-location, demand or flexibility of use and 
contractual flexibility. Trends and demand may also change over time and it may not be possible to 
accurately predict future developments. For example, it remains to be seen what, if any, long term impact the 
Covid-19 pandemic will have on demand for properties both in terms of desired specifications and locations 
of properties and rental volumes more generally. Properties that cannot meet such requirements over time

--- Page 19 ---
19 
 
 
entail a higher risk of increased vacancies, which in turn may precipitate a decline in the value of the 
property in question, or a need on the part of Castellum to make costly investments. In addition, Castellum's 
property portfolio is divided into six segments. Focus is on office, public sector properties, 
warehouse/logistics, and also project development, while retail and light industry is considered non-core and 
likely to be reduced over time.  If Castellum makes inaccurate judgements regarding which regions and 
segments have the right characteristics for continued holding of portfolio properties, or if Castellum does not 
succeed in ensuring that its properties meet customer demand over time despite the fact that they are located 
in regions and exist within segments that have the right characteristics with regard to economic growth, 
rental market conditions, collaborative climate and infrastructure connections, this may have a materially 
adverse effect on Castellum's operations, earnings and financial position.  
Increasing operating and maintenance costs may affect Castellum's financial position.  
Castellum's operating expenses mainly comprise tariff-based costs such as costs for heating, electricity, 
water and waste. There are a limited number of suppliers in respect of some of these utilities and services, 
which could result in an increased cost to Castellum. Notwithstanding that some of Castellum's leases are 
structured in such a manner that the tenant defrays a significant part of these costs, there may be a material 
adverse impact on Castellum's operations, earnings and financial position in case that it is not possible to 
receive increased rental payments to cover any such increased costs incurred by Castellum.  
Measures aimed at maintaining the standard of Castellum's properties in the long-term and/or modernising 
properties require maintenance and renovation expenditures. Such expenditures as are necessary to satisfy 
market or legal requirements may be significant and unforeseen. There is a risk that, in respect of large-scale 
operating expenses, maintenance or renovation work, it may not be possible to (i) pass on the associated 
costs to Castellum's tenants through increased rents or (ii) receive compensation through insurance 
indemnification. This may have a material adverse impact on Castellum's operations, earnings and financial 
position.  
Defects in or damage to Castellum's properties may result in unforeseen costs. 
There are risks associated with the technical operation of properties, such as the risk of structural defects, 
other defects or deficiencies, damage (for example, through fire or other forces of nature) and contamination. 
Climate change also presents a risk of property damage caused by weather conditions, increased water levels 
and changes in other physical environments that affect real estate. These risks could increase in the long run 
and this could mean increased investment requirements for properties located in vulnerable areas, to prevent 
such properties from becoming obsolete. Although Castellum seeks to invest in properties of a sound 
technical standard, there remains a risk that unforeseen costs could arise. In the event that such technical 
problems arise and the costs cannot be fully or partially covered by insurance, this may have a material 
adverse impact on Castellum's operations, earnings and financial position. 
Business disruptions and operational shortcomings in Castellum's IT systems or control systems may have 
a negative impact on its operations. 
All operational activities are subject to the risk of incurring losses due to deficient routines and/or the 
business being detrimentally affected by disruptions caused by shortcomings or internal or external events. 
The term operating risk refers mainly to the risk of financial consequences and consequences related to the 
loss of trust which ensue from such shortcomings in internal routines and systems, including IT systems. 
Operational certainty, achieved through sound internal control, appropriate administrative systems and 
access to reliable valuation and risk models, is required to mitigate such risks and reduce the risk to 
Castellum's administrative security and control. Castellum's ability to effectively run its organisation and to 
maintain effective internal control depends on having a functional IT environment and IT operations, and on 
having control systems that are integrated throughout the entire organisation. Failures or disruptions in 
Castellum's IT systems or control systems may also impact Castellum's ability to submit correct financial 
reports or to submit such reports in a timely manner, both internal and external. To the extent that Castellum

--- Page 20 ---
20 
 
 
experiences a serious failure or disruption in any of its systems or some other technological resource or 
experiences a cyber-security breach, it may be rendered incapable of effectively running and managing its 
operations. Business disruptions and shortcomings in operational security including serious failures and 
disruptions in Castellum's IT systems or control systems may also impact its customer relationships, 
reputation, risk management and profitability, which may in turn have a materially adverse effect on 
Castellum's operations, earnings and financial position. 
Property valuation relies on factors which are subject to change.  
Castellum is exposed to changes in the market value of its property portfolio. Castellum reports its property 
holdings at fair value in accordance with IAS 40 Investment Property, such that the book value in respect of 
the Group’s properties corresponds to their assessed market value. Castellum uses an internal valuation 
process to assess the market value of its properties. In addition to this internal valuation, an external 
valuation is also carried out each year by independent appraisers. There is still a risk that the valuation of 
some of the properties may be incorrect or may decline over time. The value of the properties is affected by, 
and any assessment made in the light of, a number of factors such as market supply, vacancy rate, rent level 
and operating expenses, residual value, yield requirement, general economic trends, interest rates and 
inflation. Whilst the liquidity of properties such as those in the Group’s portfolio has increased over recent 
years, there is no guarantee that there will be a market for such properties going forward. There is a risk that 
changes in any of these factors may have a negative effect on property values. This could have a material 
adverse impact on Castellum's earnings and financial position (for example, large write downs could 
negatively affect Castellum’s loan to value ratio, as defined under "Alternative Performance Measures and 
other Key Performance Indicators", below) as well as credit rating.  
Property transactions involve uncertainties which could adversely impact Castellum's business.  
Property transactions, primarily acquisitions, represent an important part of Castellum's day-to-day business 
operations and will continue to constitute a part of Castellum's growth strategy going forward. Property 
transactions also entail inherent risks concerning uncertainties and there is a risk that Castellum may be (i) 
unable to find suitable acquisition properties, (ii) unable to finance property acquisitions on terms acceptable 
to Castellum or (iii) that desired property sales cannot be completed on terms acceptable to Castellum. All 
property investments are associated with uncertainty and assumptions. The market's yield requirement, 
future vacancies, the tenants' payment capability, environmental conditions as well as technical defects 
constitute some of the uncertain elements associated with property transactions. There is a high degree of 
competition for desirable acquisition targets and, even where a suitable target has been identified, there is a 
risk that Castellum may fail to complete property transactions. Any of these factors may have a material 
adverse impact on Castellum's operations, financial position and earnings.  
In addition, property-owning and property-acquiring companies are exposed to risks in relation to non-
identified risks linked to businesses that are acquired, either because of a lack of information or due to the 
fact that assumptions made may turn out to be erroneous. For example, there may be difficulties integrating 
operations and employees, tenants may be lost, the accounts of the acquired business may be erroneous 
and/or the business may be the subject of unforeseen environmental or tax claims.  When an acquisition or 
investment includes expansion into a new geographical market in which Castellum has limited or no 
experience it may also increase Castellum’s operational risk, as well as its financial risk including increased 
exposure to changes in currencies and funding conditions. Furthermore, other circumstances may exist that 
have an adverse impact on the value of the business or property being acquired. Notwithstanding the fact 
that, prior to each investment, Castellum makes an evaluation aimed at identifying and, if possible, 
mitigating the risks that may be associated with the investment, there remains a risk that future businesses or 
properties that are added through acquisitions may have a material adverse impact on Castellum's operations, 
earnings and financial position.  
In several of the sales agreements entered into by Castellum, the purchaser may present warranty claims, 
such as that the property's use has deviated from an applicable zoning plan in violation of stipulated

--- Page 21 ---
21 
 
 
warranties; that, contrary to stipulated warranties, all charges relating to road construction/ maintenance 
costs and connection fees relating to the period prior to the completion date have not been paid in full; or 
that, contrary to stipulated warranties concerning the property, a public authority order to take measures has 
not been performed in full prior to the completion date. While Castellum has not been the subject of any 
material unsettled warranty claims with respect to sold properties and companies in the last few years, there 
is a risk that any claims in the future may have a material adverse impact on Castellum's business, financial 
position and earnings. Correspondingly, there is a risk that the possibility of obtaining compensation in the 
case of a warranty claim will be limited if an acquisition was made from a vendor which is, or will be, in 
financial difficulties or if there is a cap in respect of the amount of compensation that may be claimed – this 
may contribute to increased uncertainty and increased costs for Castellum, which in turn may have a material 
adverse impact on its operations, earnings and financial position.  
Castellum may occasionally sell properties for a variety of reasons including to optimise and adapt its 
property portfolio to the needs of customers or to finance its investments, for instance the purchase of new 
properties or new constructions, extensions and reconstructions. As such, Castellum is dependent on a liquid 
property market, a matter which in turn depends on a number of different factors, such as macroeconomic 
conditions, changes in the financial position of potential buyers and their prospects for securing financing, 
changes in domestic or international economic conditions, and changes to legislation, regulations or tax 
policy in Sweden, Denmark and Finland. An illiquid property market may therefore have a materially 
adverse effect on Castellum's operations, earnings and financial position. 
Risks relating to the Offer – the Offer is subject to significant uncertainties. 
On 2 August 2021, Castellum announced a voluntary public offer (the Offer) to shareholders of Kungsleden 
Aktiebolag (Kungsleden) to acquire all shares in Kungsleden in exchange for a combined consideration of 
shares in Castellum and cash. At this stage there can be no assurance that the acquisition will proceed on the 
basis of the terms of the Offer or alternative terms. Completion of the Offer is subject to customary 
conditions including, but not limited to, approval of the issuance of shares as consideration in the Offer by 
Castellum’s shareholders, the Offer being accepted to such an extent that Castellum becomes the owner of 
shares representing more than 90 per cent. of the total number of outstanding shares in Kungsleden, and 
receipt of all necessary regulatory and governmental approvals. The acceptance period of the Offer is 
expected to commence on or around 30 September 2021 and end on or around 29 October 2021, however, 
the process is currently at a very early stage. There can be no assurance as to the timeline for completion of 
the Offer nor can there be any assurance that the acquisition of Kungsleden will occur even if the Offer is 
accepted. 
Due to conditions out of the control of Castellum, there is a risk that the acquisition may not be completed. 
The uncertainty related to the completion of the Offer could result in an adverse impact on the price of 
Castellum's shares and debt securities. If the acquisition is completed, Kungsleden's business will become a 
part of the Group's business. There is a risk that this process is made more difficult by factors currently 
unknown to Castellum. Whether or not synergies may be realised depends on a number of factors and is 
based on Castellum's assessment of future circumstances and there is a risk that synergies may not be fully 
realised. Successful integration is required upon the acquisition of a new company to enable synergies in the 
new business. If the acquisition of Kungsleden does proceed, or an integration process continues for a longer 
period of time than expected, there is a risk that the combined company may be adversely affected. 
Information on Kungsleden has been derived from public sources and has not been independently verified by 
Castellum. As a result, following completion of the acquisition, the Group may become subject to liabilities 
or obligations of Kungsleden about which it was previously unaware. If the consideration paid by Castellum 
to acquire Kungsleden proves over time to be too high then this could lead to write-downs in the future. All 
of the above factors may have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, results of operations and 
financial condition.

--- Page 22 ---
22 
 
 
Project development poses risks to Castellum. 
The construction, refurbishment and extension of properties constitute a part of Castellum's regular business 
operations. Project development is inherently associated with uncertainties and risks as regards costs and 
delays (among other things). Major projects can involve significant investments, which may lead to an 
increased credit risk if tenants fail to perform their obligations to pay rent and Castellum is unable to find 
other tenants for the premises in question, if Castellum fails to let the premises upon completion of a project, 
or if the demand or price of properties generally changes during the course of a project. Furthermore, 
although Castellum monitors development projects closely, projects may be delayed, become more 
expensive or the quality may not be as expected, which may result in increased costs or reduced income. In 
addition, Castellum may be dependent on procuring the necessary public authority permits, permits and other 
licences for carrying out property development projects or carrying out its operations generally. There is a 
risk that Castellum will not succeed in implementing its property projects, which may have a material 
adverse impact on its operations, earnings and financial position.  
Loss of key personnel may undermine Castellum's operations.  
Castellum's business is dependent on experienced employees possessing relevant skills. Such key individuals 
are included among senior executives as well as the Group's employees in general. There may be a risk that, 
over time, Castellum is unable to retain or recruit qualified personnel to the desired extent. In particular, 
Henrik Saxborn and Ulrika Danielson will step down as CEO and CFO, respectively, in the autumn of 2021 
however, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, no replacements have been formally appointed. In the event 
that the Offer is successful, and that they each respectively accept the offer to do so, the current CEO of 
Kungsleden, Biljana Pehrsson, will replace Henrik Saxborn as CEO of Castellum and the current Deputy 
CEO and CFO of Kungsleden, Ylva Sarby Westman, will replace Ulrika Danielsson as CFO of Castellum. 
Any disruption caused by the departure of one or more key individuals, including any delay in securing 
highly skilled replacements, could have an impact on Castellum’s ability to implement its strategy in the 
near-term which could have a material adverse impact on Castellum's operations, earnings and financial 
position.  
Castellum could incur losses not covered by, or exceeding the coverage limits of, its insurance.  
Castellum's management believes that its risks are covered by appropriate insurance coverage in line with 
market practice. Castellum has insurance policies, for example, in respect of property, business interruption 
and liability for damages. However, the actual losses suffered by Castellum could exceed its insurance 
coverage and could be material. Furthermore, certain types of risks (such as war, acts of terror, insufficient 
preparation in the event of natural disasters or extreme weather events, such as floods) may be or may in the 
future be impossible or too costly for Castellum to insure itself against. If damage should occur to a property 
and subsequently lead to tenants terminating or not renewing their leases, there is also a risk that Castellum's 
insurance cover will not cover the consequent loss of rental income. If uninsured damage should occur, or if 
a damage event should exceed the insurance cover, Castellum may lose the capital invested in the property in 
question as well as future revenues from such property. Furthermore, Castellum may become liable to repair 
damage caused by uninsured risks. Castellum may also become liable for debts and other financial 
obligations with regard to damaged buildings. The realisation of one or more damaging events for which 
Castellum has no insurance coverage or for which Castellum's insurance coverage is insufficient could have 
a material adverse effect on Castellum's business, financial condition and results of operations. 
Interests of Castellum's shareholders may conflict with those of the holders of the Notes. 
The interests of Castellum's shareholders, in certain circumstances, may conflict with those of the holders of 
the Notes, particularly if Castellum encounters financial difficulties or is unable to pay its debts when due. In 
addition, Castellum's shareholders may have an interest in pursuing acquisitions, divestitures, financings or 
other transactions that, in their judgment, could enhance their equity investments, even though such

--- Page 23 ---
23 
 
 
transactions might involve risks to the holders of the Notes. Any of these actions could have an adverse 
effect on Castellum's operations, earnings, financial position and future prospects.  
Castellum has a holding company structure in which Castellum AB’s subsidiaries conduct the Group’s 
operations and own all the Group’s properties.  
Castellum AB has no significant assets other than the equity interests in and receivables vis-à-vis its 
subsidiaries. As a result, its ability to make required payments under the Notes or the Guarantee (as the case 
may be) depends on the performance of its subsidiaries and their ability to distribute funds to it. Such cash 
flows will depend on the business and financial condition of each of its subsidiaries. In addition, the ability 
of certain subsidiaries to pay dividends and distributions may be limited by applicable laws and any 
indebtedness those subsidiaries have incurred. If for any reason Castellum AB's subsidiaries do not pay any 
dividends or distributions, or do so irregularly, its ability to make required payments under the Notes or the 
Guarantee (as the case may be) may be adversely affected.  
Further, Castellum AB's right to receive payment of provided financing from the liquidation of one of its 
subsidiaries, and therefore the right of Noteholders to participate in those proceeds, will be structurally 
subordinated to the claims of other creditors of that subsidiary (see “The claims of holders of the Notes are 
structurally subordinated”, below). In addition, even if Castellum AB is a creditor of any of its subsidiaries, 
its rights as a creditor would be subordinated to any existing security interest in the assets of such subsidiary. 
Financial risks  
Castellum may not be able to refinance its existing loans on competitive terms or at all.  
External borrowing accounts form a large part of Castellum's supply of capital. As these loans mature, they 
must be repaid, extended or renewed in order to secure Castellum's need for long-term financing and 
liquidity. Castellum is continuously engaged in the renegotiation of credit facilities and the addition of new 
facilities as needed. The conditions for Castellum refinancing loan facilities as they expire depend on access 
to financing at the time and Castellum's financial position. Although Castellum has access to long-term 
financing at the moment, it is possible that Castellum may in future breach the financial obligations pursuant 
to its credit agreements, which may cause the lenders in question to terminate the agreements. In the event 
that Castellum is unable to secure refinancing or can only obtain refinancing at substantially increased costs, 
this may have a material adverse impact on Castellum's operations, earnings and financial position.   
Fluctuations in market interest rates and loan margins may adversely affect Castellum's business. 
Castellum's operations are primarily financed through equity and interest-bearing debts. Interest expenses 
represent Castellum's single largest cost item. As a consequence, Castellum is exposed to the risk of changes 
in market interest rates and loan margins.  The risk is also affected by the strategy Castellum chooses in 
respect of fixed–interest periods. Increased interest expenses may have a material adverse impact on 
Castellum's operations, earnings and financial position. 
Changes in the value of financial derivative instruments may result in losses for Castellum.  
Castellum has a large number of loans with short fixed-interest periods and uses interest rate derivatives 
(mainly interest rate swaps) as an element in the management of interest-rate risk. Interest rate derivatives 
are regularly reported at fair value in the balance sheet, with changes in value being reported in the income 
statement. In the event that market rates fall, the market value of Castellum's interest rate derivatives will 
decrease, which may have a material adverse impact on Castellum's operations, earnings and financial 
position.

--- Page 24 ---
24 
 
 
Castellum is exposed to credit and counterparty risk. 
There is a risk that Castellum's counterparties within its financing operations will fail to perform their 
financial obligations to Castellum. Castellum's financing activities include, among other things, the 
execution of long and short-term loan agreements, the execution of interest rate derivatives, as well as the 
investment of liquidity surpluses through cash, deposits in banks and investments in T-bills and bank CDs. 
There is a risk that Castellum's counterparties will fail to perform their financial obligations to Castellum, 
which may have a material adverse impact on Castellum's operations, earnings and financial position. 
Breach of financial covenants may lead to Castellum's creditors accelerating its loans.  
Castellum's bank loan agreements usually include both financial and other covenants. Such covenants may, 
for example, relate to an interest-coverage ratio or loan volumes relative to the fair value of Castellum's 
properties.  
As security for bank loans, Castellum may grant mortgages over certain properties or security interests in 
intragroup claims against subsidiaries, or Castellum may issue shares in its subsidiaries, or provide 
guarantees.  
In the event that Castellum breaches its financial covenants in a loan agreement, this may lead to the 
acceleration of loans or to credit institutions having recourse to pledged assets, which may have a material 
adverse impact on Castellum's operations, earnings and financial position.  
A change in the controlling ownership of Castellum AB could result in the requirement for Castellum to 
repay under the terms of its existing financing agreements and Notes issued under the Programme and 
adversely affect its ability to secure subsequent refinancing.  
If, for whatever reason, an individual investor or specific group of investors were to form a controlling 
majority shareholder in Castellum AB, this could trigger terms in loan agreements or other instruments that 
result in the termination or repayment of such agreements or instruments or a need to renegotiate them. Such 
a provision is included in Castellum AB's domestic MTN programme (the Domestic MTN Programme), 
some loan agreements in place with lenders and the Programme. Furthermore, such an event could result in a 
changed credit rating of Castellum AB. In the event of a change in controlling ownership, Castellum's ability 
to secure refinancing may be adversely affected, which could indirectly affect the Group's ownership of 
properties and therefore have a material adverse impact on the Group's operations, earnings and financial 
position.  
The terms and conditions of the notes issued under the Domestic MTN Programme stipulate that 
Noteholders are entitled to early redemption if one or more shareholders, individually or jointly, directly or 
indirectly, were to own shares representing more than 50 per cent. of the voting capital in Castellum AB. For 
Notes issued under the Programme, there is a similar provision set out at Condition 7.6 (Redemption at the 
option of the Noteholders upon a Change of Control (Change of Control Put)) of the Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes, which provides for a change of control where one or more persons acting together acquire 
shares representing more than 50 per cent. of the voting capital in Castellum AB and includes (in summary) 
the added requirement for a downgrade in Castellum AB's credit rating following the relevant change of 
control before Noteholders are entitled to early redemption. Given this difference in the change of control 
event and the additional credit rating downgrade requirement, there is a risk to Noteholders that creditors 
under existing financings may exercise their right to repayment ahead of Noteholders in the event that the 
change of control under the Programme is not triggered, for example because there has not been a credit 
rating downgrade following a change in controlling ownership of Castellum AB. This could result in the 
claim for repayment by Noteholders on a subsequent winding up of Castellum AB being prejudiced as other 
unsecured creditors under existing financings may have been repaid prior to the Noteholders' claim, thereby 
reducing the assets available to Castellum AB to satisfy such claims by the Noteholders.

--- Page 25 ---
25 
 
 
Major unforeseen payment obligations may impact on Castellum's liquidity. 
Major payment obligations may arise in conjunction with the refinancing of loans in the event that lenders 
demand a lower loan-to-value ratio or if the relevant property falls in value following the drawing of the 
relevant loan by Castellum. In addition, Castellum's payment obligations primarily comprise operating 
expenses, such as costs for heating, electricity, water and refuse collection, agreed maintenance charges, 
investments in project development and other investments, as well as interest on, and the repayment of, 
debts. Major unforeseen payment obligations may arise for Castellum, and there remains a possibility of 
non-payment to Castellum of large rent amounts. There is a risk that Castellum's liquidity will be insufficient 
to cover the performance of its payment obligations, which may have a material adverse impact on 
Castellum's operations, earnings and financial position.  
Movements in exchange rates may adversely affect Castellum's business.  
The Swedish krona is Castellum's reporting currency, but the Group also has revenues, expenses, assets and 
liabilities in currencies other than the Swedish krona. Castellum's currency exposure is currently limited to 
the Danish krone, the Euro and the Norwegian krone and relates to the properties that the Group owns in 
Denmark and Finland and a shareholding in Entra A/S Norway. Currency exposure arises in connection with 
the purchase and sale of goods and services in currencies other than the local currency of Castellum's 
relevant subsidiary, as well as dividend payments (transaction exposure), and the translation into Swedish 
krona of the balance sheets and income statements of the relevant foreign subsidiaries that are reported in 
foreign currency (translation exposure). In cases where currency derivatives are used, Castellum typically 
practices hedge accounting for net investments in foreign operations. Castellum's interest rate derivatives or 
currency derivatives change in value in the event of changes in the exchange rate between DKK and SEK 
and EUR and SEK and NOK and SEK.  Accordingly, Castellum is exposed to exchange rates movements 
that could affect its income statement and balance sheet, which may have a material adverse impact on 
Castellum's operations, earnings and financial position. 
Legal risks  
Changes in legislation may adversely affect the Group's results of operations and increase its costs 
Castellum's operations are subject to Swedish, Danish and Finnish laws and regulations, relating to for 
example construction documents and zoning, building standards, safety and protection regulations, health 
and environmental regulations, regulations concerning permitted construction materials, building 
classifications and rental legislation.  Castellum is subject to legal restrictions in connection with the 
structuring of property transactions, and may become subject to additional such restrictions in the future. In 
addition, Castellum's operations may be affected by regional and supranational regulatory frameworks such 
as EU legislation.  There is a risk of non-compliance with existing regulatory frameworks, which may result 
in sanctions being imposed on Castellum.  Further, new legislation and other regulatory frameworks may be 
implemented in the future, and existing legislation and other regulatory frameworks may change and there is 
a risk that Castellum will be unable to comply with such changed requirements without having to implement 
far-reaching measures and incurring significant costs.  Adapting Castellum's operations to correspond with 
these legal requirements may cause Castellum to incur additional costs, which in turn may have a materially 
adverse effect on Castellum's operations, earnings and financial position. 
Castellum is subject to future possible change in tax laws and regulations.  
Castellum conducts operations in several jurisdictions. Castellum's operations are affected by the applicable 
corporation tax, value added tax and property tax rules in force from time to time in the jurisdictions in 
which it operates. This is also the case as regards other governmental and municipal charges and 
contributions. Notwithstanding that Castellum's operations are conducted in accordance with Castellum's 
interpretation of applicable laws and rules in respect of taxes, there is a risk that its interpretation is incorrect 
or that applicable tax law and rules may be amended with possible retroactive effect. In addition, future

--- Page 26 ---
26 
 
 
changes to applicable tax laws and rules may affect the conditions for Castellum's operations, earnings and 
financial position. 
In June 2015 the Swedish Government appointed a committee to analyse the possibility to divest properties 
through tax exempt disposals of shares in companies holding properties and, if considered necessary, to 
propose new legislation to prevent such transactions. The investigation also reviewed whether acquisitions 
through land parcelling procedure are being abused to avoid stamp duty. The result of the review was 
presented on 30 March 2017. The committee's main proposal is that upon a change of control in a company 
holding assets that mainly consist of properties, the properties will be considered as divested and re-acquired 
for a price corresponding to the market value of the properties. The divested real estate company should also 
report a taxable notional income (instead of stamp duty) corresponding to 7.09 per cent. of the highest 
amount of the market value and the tax assessment value of the properties. Further, stamp duty is proposed to 
be introduced on acquisitions of properties by land parcelling procedures. The proposals by the committee 
were circulated for formal consultation and the consultation period ended on 15 September 2017. The rules 
were initially proposed to enter into force on 1 July 2018, though this has not yet occurred, and it is currently 
unclear if, and to what extent, the proposals will result in new legislation. 
In Finland, the real estate taxation regime is intended to be reformed so that the tax values better reflect the 
price level and construction costs in different areas. As the tax values of real estate would for the most part 
increase, the lower and upper limits of municipal real estate tax rates are intended to be lowered accordingly. 
The aim of the reform is not to raise or lower the real estate tax, but the tax burden would be partly 
distributed in a new way between various properties. As a result, the tax on an individual property could rise 
or fall. The reform is intended to take effect as of tax year 2023. The government proposal concerning the 
reform is intended to be issued in 2021. 
There can be no assurance that tax rates will not be increased in the future or that the changes described 
above or other changes in tax laws/regulations will not occur which will affect the ownership of real estate 
properties or real estate transactions resulting in unforeseen or higher tax liabilities. If any such risks 
materialise, it could have a material adverse impact on Castellum's operations, earnings and financial 
position. 
Disputes and legal proceedings could have a material adverse effect on Castellum.  
This risk relates to the costs that the Group may incur as a consequence of being party to legal proceedings, 
settlement costs, as well as costs in respect of awarded damages and other obligations which may be imposed 
on Castellum. Companies within the Group may, from time to time, become involved in disputes within the 
scope of normal business operations and run the risk, similarly to other companies within Castellum's 
industry, of being the subject of claims with respect to, for example, contractual issues, warranty claims, 
alleged errors in the provision of services, environmental issues and intellectual property rights. Such 
disputes and claims may be time-consuming, disrupt normal operations, involve large amounts, detrimentally 
affect customer relations and result in significant costs. In the event such disputes arise and Castellum is held 
liable in damages or enters into a settlement agreement, there is a risk that claims will not be covered in full 
by Castellum's insurance. In addition, the outcome of complicated disputes may be difficult to predict. 
Potential disputes and legal proceedings brought against Castellum may have a material adverse impact on 
Castellum's operations, earnings and financial position.  
Environmental risks and related regulatory risks.  
Castellum is subject to extensive and increasingly stringent environmental, health and safety legislation and 
regulations relating to its acquisition, ownership, possession and management of properties. Properties affect 
the environment through their construction, on-going maintenance and through the activities conducted 
within them. According to the Swedish Environmental Code (Miljöbalken (SFS 1998:808)), persons who 
pursue activities that have contributed to contamination are responsible for remedying any harm caused. In 
Castellum's case, it would normally be its tenants who are pursuing such activities. However, if the person

--- Page 27 ---
27 
 
 
pursuing the activity is unable to investigate, carry out or defray the cost of remediation, responsibility for 
the investigation and after-treatment may be imposed on a party that has acquired the property after 31 
December 1998 and, at the time of the acquisition, was aware or should have been aware of the 
contamination. Furthermore, by acquiring a business and/or a company, a party may assume responsibility 
for environmental liability for contaminations which the operations and the businesses previously have 
contributed to. Thus, Castellum could be held liable for contaminations caused by operations acquired 
through previous business and real estate transfers. Responsibility may also be imposed on Castellum as a 
developer if actions for the development cause existing contaminations to spread to surrounding areas. 
Accordingly, there is a risk that in certain circumstances claims may be brought against Castellum for 
investigations, remedying and monitoring contamination or for the clean-up of contamination that has taken 
place, in order to maintain or restore properties to a condition that complies with the Environmental Code. In 
the event such liability is imposed on Castellum, it may have a material adverse impact on its operations, 
earnings and financial position.  
In addition, Castellum is subject to legislation and permit requirements relating to the operation of airports 
and flight operations due to Castellum’s ownership of Gothenburg City Airport (Sw. Säve flygplats). In the 
event the operations are subject to change, Castellum as the operator may be required to obtain new or 
amended environmental and/or operational permits. Permit processes entail a general risk that the permit 
applied for is not granted, which may affect the development of Castellum’s operations.   
Harm to Castellum's reputation may have a negative impact on its competitiveness, consume the time and 
resources of Castellum management, and give rise to additional costs. 
Castellum's ability to attract and retain tenants is to a certain extent dependent on its reputation, including the 
positive reputation of its trademarks and business name, as a consequence of which its operations are 
sensitive to risks related to reputational harm. For instance, Castellum's reputation may be adversely affected 
by rumours, negative publicity or other factors that could lead to Castellum no longer being considered as 
being a competent and reputable operator on the market. If Castellum's reputation should deteriorate, or if 
Castellum should experience negative publicity, this may reduce Castellum's competitiveness, take up the 
time and resources of Castellum’s management and impose additional costs on Castellum, which may have a 
materially adverse effect on Castellum's potential to achieve its growth targets and its operations, earnings 
and financial position. Similarly, there is a risk that a third party may challenge the validity of Castellum’s 
trademark registrations or right to use its distinctive marks. Defending itself in proceedings regarding the 
validity of distinctive marks or registrations may be costly and, in the event Castellum is required to cease 
using its business names or valuable trademarks, this may have a material adverse impact on Castellum's 
operations, earnings and financial position. 
FACTORS WHICH ARE MATERIAL FOR THE PURPOSE OF ASSESSING THE MARKET 
RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH NOTES ISSUED UNDER THE PROGRAMME 
Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes 
A range of Notes may be issued under the Programme.  A number of these Notes may have features which 
contain particular risks for potential investors.  Set out below is a description of the most common such 
features which may occur in relation to any Notes: 
If the relevant Issuer has the right to redeem any Notes at its option, this may limit the market value of the 
Notes concerned and an investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a manner which 
achieves a similar effective return.  
An optional redemption feature is likely to limit the market value of Notes. During any period when the 
relevant Issuer may elect to redeem Notes, the market value of those Notes generally will not rise 
substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed.  This also may be true prior to any redemption 
period.

--- Page 28 ---
28 
 
 
The relevant Issuer may be expected to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest 
rate on the Notes.  At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption 
proceeds at an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only 
be able to do so at a significantly lower rate. Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of 
other investments available at that time. 
If the Notes include a feature to convert the interest basis from a fixed rate to a floating rate, or vice versa, 
this may affect the secondary market and the market value of the Notes concerned. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes are Notes which bear interest at a rate that converts from a fixed rate to a floating 
rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed rate.  Such a feature to convert the interest basis, and any conversion of 
the interest basis, may affect the secondary market in, and the market value of, such Notes as the change of 
interest basis may result in a lower interest return for Noteholders.  Where the Notes convert from a fixed 
rate to a floating rate, the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be less favourable than then 
prevailing spreads on comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to the same reference rate.  In addition, the new 
floating rate at any time may be lower than the rates on other Notes.  Where the Notes convert from a 
floating rate to a fixed rate, the fixed rate may be lower than then prevailing rates on those Notes and could 
affect the market value of an investment in the relevant Notes.  
Notes which are issued at a substantial discount or premium may experience price volatility in response to 
changes in market interest rates. 
The market value of any specific Series of Notes issued at a substantial discount (such as Zero Coupon 
Notes) or premium to their principal amount tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest 
rates than do prices for more conventional interest-bearing securities.  Usually, the longer the remaining term 
of such securities, the greater the price volatility as compared to more conventional interest-bearing 
securities with comparable maturities. Any such price volatility may have an adverse effect on the market 
value of any specific Series of Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium to their nominal amount. 
The regulation and reform of "benchmarks" may adversely affect the value of Notes linked to or 
referencing such "benchmarks". 
Interest rates and indices which are deemed to be "benchmarks", (including the Euro Interbank Offered Rate 
(EURIBOR), the Copenhagen Interbank Offered Rate (CIBOR), the Stockholm Interbank Offered Rate 
(STIBOR) and the Norwegian Interbank Offered Rate (NIBOR)) are the subject of recent national and 
international regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already effective 
while others are still to be implemented. These reforms may cause such benchmarks to perform differently 
than in the past, to disappear entirely, or have other consequences which cannot be predicted. Any such 
consequence could have a material adverse effect on any Notes linked to or referencing such a benchmark.   
The EU Benchmarks Regulation applies, subject to certain transitional provisions, to the provision of 
benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark within the EU. 
Among other things, it (i) requires benchmark administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if non-EU-
based, to be subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed) and (ii) prevents certain 
uses by EU supervised entities of benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised or registered (or, if 
non-EU based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK Benchmarks Regulation) applies to the provision of 
benchmarks and the use of a benchmark in the UK. Similarly, it prohibits the use in the UK by UK 
supervised entities of benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised by the UK Financial Conduct 
Authority (the FCA) or registered on the FCA register (or, if non-UK based, not deemed equivalent or 
recognised or endorsed). 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, could have a material 
impact on any Notes linked to or referencing a benchmark, in particular if the methodology or other terms of

--- Page 29 ---
29 
 
 
the benchmark are changed in order to comply with the requirements of the EU Benchmarks Regulation 
and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable. Such changes could, among other things, have the 
effect of reducing, increasing or otherwise affecting the volatility of the published rate or level of the 
relevant benchmark.  
More broadly, any of the international or national reforms, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny of 
benchmarks, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting of a 
benchmark and complying with any such regulations or requirements.  
The euro risk-free rate working group for the euro area has published a set of guiding principles and high 
level recommendations for fallback provisions in, amongst other things, new euro denominated cash 
products (including bonds) referencing EURIBOR. The guiding principles indicate, amongst other things, 
that continuing to reference EURIBOR in relevant contracts (without robust fallback provisions) may 
increase the risk to the euro area financial system. 
It is not possible to predict with certainty whether, and to what extent, any benchmark, including EURIBOR, 
CIBOR, STIBOR and NIBOR will continue to be supported going forwards. This may cause any such 
benchmark to perform differently than they have done in the past, and may have other consequences which 
cannot be predicted.  
Such factors may have (without limitation) the following effects on certain benchmarks: (i) discouraging 
market participants from continuing to administer or contribute to a benchmark; (ii) triggering changes in the 
rules or methodologies used in the benchmark and/or (iii) leading to the disappearance of the benchmark.  
Any of the above changes or any other consequential changes as a result of international or national reforms 
or other initiatives or investigations, could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any 
Notes linked to, referencing, or otherwise dependent (in whole or in part) upon, a benchmark. The Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes provide for certain fallback arrangements in the event that a published benchmark 
such as EURIBOR, (including any page on which such benchmark may be published (or any successor 
service)) becomes unavailable. Depending on the manner in which the benchmark rate is to be determined 
under the conditions of the Notes, this may (i) if ISDA Determination applies, be reliant upon the provision 
by reference banks of offered quotations for the benchmark rate which, depending on market circumstances, 
may not be available at the relevant time or (ii) if Screen Rate Determination applies, include the possibility 
that the rate of interest could be set by reference to a Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate (each as defined 
in the Terms and Conditions) and that such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate may be adjusted (if required) 
in order to reduce or eliminate any economic prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to investors arising out of 
the replacement of the Original Reference Rate (as defined in the Terms and Conditions). In certain 
circumstances the ultimate fallback of interest for a particular Interest Period may result in the rate of interest 
for the last preceding Interest Period being used. This may result in the effective application of a fixed rate 
based on the rate for Floating Rate Notes which was observed on the Relevant Screen Page applied in the 
previous period when the Original Reference Rate was available (as further described in Condition 5.2 
(Interest – Interest on Floating Rate Notes)).  In addition, due to the uncertainty concerning the availability 
of successor rates and alternative reference rates and the involvement of an Independent Adviser, the 
relevant fallback provisions may not operate as intended at the relevant time. 
Any such consequences could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any such Floating 
Rate Notes. Moreover, any of the foregoing or any other significant change to the setting or existence of any 
relevant reference rate could affect the ability of the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor to meet its obligations 
under the Floating Rate Notes or the Guarantee (as the case may be) or could have an adverse effect on the 
value or liquidity of, and return on, any Floating Rate Notes. Investors should consider these matters when 
making their investment decision with respect to the relevant Floating Rate Notes.

--- Page 30 ---
30 
 
 
Risks related to the Notes generally 
Set out below is a description of material risks relating to the Notes generally: 
The claims of holders of the Notes are structurally subordinated.  
As is common for property companies, Castellum AB's operations are principally conducted through 
subsidiaries. Accordingly, Castellum AB is, and will be, dependent on its subsidiaries' operations to service 
its payment obligations in respect of the Notes and the Guarantee (if applicable). The Notes and the 
Guarantee (if applicable) are structurally subordinated to the claims of all holders of debt securities and other 
creditors, including trade creditors, of Castellum AB's subsidiaries, and structurally and/or effectively 
subordinated to the extent of the value of collateral to all Castellum AB's and its subsidiaries' secured 
creditors. The Notes will not be guaranteed by any of Castellum AB's subsidiaries or any other company or 
person. In the event of an insolvency, bankruptcy, liquidation, reorganisation, dissolution or winding up of 
the business of any of Castellum AB's subsidiaries, unsecured creditors of such subsidiaries, secured 
creditors and obligations that may be preferred by provisions of law that are mandatory and of general 
application will generally have the right to be paid in full before any distribution is made to Castellum AB.  
The Notes will be effectively subordinated to any of Castellum's existing secured and future secured 
indebtedness.  
The Notes are unsecured obligations of the relevant Issuer and the Guarantee (if applicable) is an unsecured 
obligation of the Guarantor. The Notes and the Guarantee (if applicable) are therefore effectively 
subordinated to Castellum's existing secured indebtedness and future secured indebtedness. Accordingly, 
holders of Castellum's secured indebtedness will have claims that are superior to the claims of Noteholders 
to the extent of the value of the assets securing such other indebtedness. In the event of a bankruptcy, 
liquidation or dissolution of Castellum, the assets that serve as collateral for any secured indebtedness of 
Castellum would be available to satisfy the obligations under the secured indebtedness before any payments 
are made on the Notes and/or under the Guarantee (if applicable). Other than as set out in Condition 4.1 
(Negative Pledge) and Condition 4.2 (Financial Covenants), the Terms and Conditions do not prohibit the 
relevant Issuer or the Guarantor (if applicable) from incurring and securing future indebtedness. To the 
extent that either of the Issuers or the Guarantor were to secure any of their future indebtedness, to the extent 
not required to secure the Notes, their obligations, in respect of the Notes or the Guarantee (as the case may 
be), would be effectively subordinated to such secured indebtedness to the extent of the value of the security 
securing such indebtedness. 
Castellum Finance is a special purpose vehicle and investors should therefore consider the financial 
condition and liquidity of Castellum and the Group in addition to that of Castellum Finance. 
Castellum Finance was incorporated on 28 June 2021 and is yet to prepare financial information. As such, 
this Base Prospectus does not contain separate financial information for Castellum Finance. At the date of 
this Base Prospectus, Castellum Finance is a holding company within the Group without significant business 
activities or holdings and, accordingly, Castellum Finance’s ability to pay interest and repay principal in 
respect of its borrowings, including the Notes issued by it, depends upon the financial condition and liquidity 
of Castellum AB and the Group. Notes issued by Castellum Finance will be guaranteed unconditionally and 
irrevocably by the Guarantor. The Group further intends to provide Castellum Finance with liquidity on an 
ongoing basis by way of intra-group arrangements or other transfers of value in order for Castellum Finance 
to fulfil its obligations under the Notes issued by it. However, if the Group does not provide liquidity, or due 
to other circumstances, conditions, laws or regulations is prevented from providing liquidity to Castellum 
Finance, there is a risk that Castellum Finance will not fulfil its obligations under the Notes. Therefore, 
investors in Notes issued by Castellum Finance should consider the risk factors, financial condition and 
liquidity of the Guarantor and the Group in addition to that of Castellum Finance.

--- Page 31 ---
31 
 
 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes contain provisions which may permit their modification without 
the consent of all investors. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes contain provisions for calling meetings (including by way of 
conference call or by way of a videoconference platform) of Noteholders to consider and vote upon matters 
affecting their interests generally, or to pass resolutions in writing or through the use of electronic consents.  
These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Noteholders including (i) Noteholders who did not 
attend and vote at the relevant meeting or, as the case may be, did not sign the written resolution or give their 
consent electronically, and (ii) those Noteholders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority. 
In certain instances, the relevant Issuer could substitute the obligor under the Notes without the consent 
or approval of the Noteholders 
The relevant Issuer may, without the consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders, substitute itself with 
a Substitute in respect of all rights and obligations arising under or in connection with the Notes. Any such 
substitution will be subject to the conditions set out in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes which include, 
among other things, that where the Substitute is not Castellum, the obligations of the Substitute under the 
Deed Poll, the Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant, the Notes and the Coupons shall be 
unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by Castellum. The substitution of the relevant Issuer under the 
Notes could have an adverse effect on Noteholders. 
The value of the Notes could be adversely affected by a change in English law or administrative practice. 
The Guarantee and the Terms and Conditions of the Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of 
or in connection with them are based on English law in effect as at the date of this Base Prospectus.  No 
assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or change to English law or 
administrative practice after the date of this Base Prospectus and any such change could materially adversely 
impact the value of any Notes affected by it. 
Enforceability of judgments. 
The UK left the EU on 31 January 2020 and the transitional period agreed in the withdrawal agreement 
during which EU law continued to apply in the UK expired on 31 December 2020. 
As of the date hereof, the only treaty providing for reciprocal recognition and enforcement of judgments 
rendered in connection with civil and commercial disputes between the UK and Sweden and the UK and 
Finland is the Hague Convention of 30 June 2005 on Choice of Court Agreements (the Hague Convention). 
Pursuant to the provisions of the Hague Convention, a judgment entered against a Swedish or Finnish entity 
in the courts of a Contracting State (as defined in the Hague Convention) and which is enforceable in such 
Contracting State will be directly enforceable in Sweden or Finland, as applicable, only upon the satisfaction 
of certain requirements, one of which is that the relevant judgment relates to an agreement which includes an 
exclusive choice of court provision (as described in the Hague Convention). As such, a judgment entered 
against the Issuers or the Guarantor based on an asymmetric jurisdiction clause (i.e. a jurisdiction clause 
which is non-exclusive), as is the case in relation to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes and the 
Guarantee, would fall outside of the application of the Hague Convention. Absent any agreement, treaty or 
other instrument on mutual recognition and enforcement of judgments applicable in relation to the Notes or 
the Guarantee between the UK and Sweden or the UK and Finland, as the case may be, a final judgment in 
civil or commercial matters relating to the Notes or the Guarantee obtained in the English courts against 
Castellum or Castellum Finance, will, in principle, neither be recognised nor enforceable in Sweden or 
Finland, as applicable. However, if a Noteholder brings a new action in a competent court in Sweden or 
Finland, as applicable, the final judgment rendered in an English court may be submitted to the Swedish or 
Finnish court, as applicable, but will only be regarded as evidence of the outcome of the dispute to which it 
relates, and the Swedish or Finnish court, as applicable, has full discretion to rehear the dispute ab initio. 
Any retrial on a judgment’s merits could therefore significantly delay or prevent the enforcement by

--- Page 32 ---
32 
 
 
Noteholders of the relevant Issuer’s obligations under the Notes or the Guarantor’s obligations under the 
Guarantee. 
Investors who hold less than the minimum Specified Denomination may be unable to sell their Notes and 
may be adversely affected if definitive Notes are subsequently required to be issued. 
In relation to any issue of Notes which have denominations consisting of a minimum Specified 
Denomination plus one or more higher integral multiples of another smaller amount, it is possible that such 
Notes may be traded in amounts in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination that are not integral 
multiples of such minimum Specified Denomination.  In such a case a holder who, as a result of trading such 
amounts, holds an amount which is less than the minimum Specified Denomination in his account with the 
relevant clearing system would not be able to sell the remainder of such holding without first purchasing a 
principal amount of Notes at or in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination such that its holding 
amounts to a Specified Denomination.  Further, a holder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds an 
amount which is less than the minimum Specified Denomination in his account with the relevant clearing 
system at the relevant time may not receive a definitive Note in respect of such holding (should definitive 
Notes be printed) and would need to purchase a principal amount of Notes at or in excess of the minimum 
Specified Denomination such that its holding amounts to a Specified Denomination. 
If such Notes in definitive form are issued, holders should be aware that definitive Notes which have a 
denomination that is not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination may be illiquid and 
difficult to trade. 
In respect of any Notes issued as Green Bonds, there can be no assurance that such use of proceeds will 
be suitable for the investment criteria of an investor. 
The Final Terms relating to any specific Tranche of Notes may provide that it will be the relevant Issuer's 
intention to apply the proceeds from an offer of those Notes specifically for projects and/or activities that 
promote climate-friendly and other environmental purposes (either in those words or otherwise) (Green 
Projects).  Prospective investors should have regard to the information in the applicable Final Terms 
regarding such use of proceeds and must determine for themselves the relevance of such information for the 
purpose of any investment in such Notes together with any other investigation such investor deems 
necessary.  In particular no assurance is given by the relevant Issuer or any of the Dealers that the use of such 
proceeds for any Green Projects will satisfy, whether in whole or in part, any present or future investor 
expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor or its 
investments are required to comply, whether by any present or future applicable law or regulations or by its 
own by-laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates (in particular with regard to any 
direct or indirect environmental, sustainability or social impact of any projects or uses, the subject of or 
related to, the relevant Green Project).  Furthermore, it should be noted that there is currently no clearly 
defined definition (legal, regulatory or otherwise) of, nor market consensus as to what constitutes, a "green" 
or "sustainable" or an equivalently-labelled project or as to what precise attributes are required for a 
particular project to be defined as "green" or "sustainable" or such other equivalent label nor can any 
assurance be given that such a clear definition or consensus will develop over time.  Accordingly, no 
assurance is or can be given to investors that any projects or uses the subject of, or related to, any Green 
Projects will meet any or all investor expectations regarding such "green", "sustainable" or other 
equivalently-labelled performance objectives (including Regulation (EU) 2020/852 on the establishment of a 
framework to facilitate sustainable investment (the so called EU Taxonomy) or Regulation (EU) 2020/852 as 
it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA) or that any adverse environmental, social and/or 
other impacts will not occur during the implementation of any projects or uses the subject of, or related to, 
any Green Projects. 
No assurance or representation is given as to the suitability or reliability for any purpose whatsoever of any 
opinion or certification of any third party (whether or not solicited by the relevant Issuer) which may be 
made available in connection with the issue of any Notes and in particular with any Green Projects to fulfil

--- Page 33 ---
33 
 
 
any environmental, sustainability, social and/or other criteria.  For the avoidance of doubt, any such opinion 
or certification is not, nor shall be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of this Base Prospectus.  
Any such opinion or certification is not, nor should be deemed to be, a recommendation by the relevant 
Issuer or any of the Dealers or any other person to buy, sell or hold any such Notes.  Any such opinion or 
certification is only current as of the date that such opinion or certification was initially issued.  Prospective 
investors must determine for themselves the relevance of any such opinion or certification and/or the 
information contained therein and/or the provider of such opinion or certification for the purpose of any 
investment in such Notes.  Currently, the providers of such opinions and certifications are not subject to any 
specific regulatory or other regime or oversight. 
In the event that any such Notes are listed or admitted to trading on any dedicated "green", "environmental", 
"sustainable" or other equivalently-labelled segment of any stock exchange or securities market (whether or 
not regulated), no representation or assurance is given by the relevant Issuer or any of the Dealers or any 
other person that such listing or admission satisfies, whether in whole or in part, any present or future 
investor expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such 
investor or its investments are required to comply, whether by any present or future applicable law or 
regulations or by its own by-laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates, in particular 
with regard to any direct or indirect environmental, sustainability or social impact of any projects or uses, the 
subject of or related to, any Green Projects.  Furthermore, it should be noted that the criteria for any such 
listings or admission to trading may vary from one stock exchange or securities market to another.  Nor is 
any representation or assurance given or made by the relevant Issuer or any of the Dealers or any other 
person that any such listing or admission to trading will be obtained in respect of any such Notes or, if 
obtained, that any such listing or admission to trading will be maintained during the life of the Notes. 
While it is the intention of the relevant Issuer to apply the proceeds of any Notes so specified for Green 
Projects in, or substantially in, the manner described in the applicable Final Terms, there can be no assurance 
that the relevant intended project(s) or use(s) the subject of, or related to, any Green Projects will be capable 
of being implemented in or substantially in such manner and/or in accordance with any timing schedule and 
that accordingly such proceeds will be totally or partially disbursed for such Green Projects.  Nor can there 
be any assurance that such Green Projects will be completed within any specified period or at all or with the 
results or outcome (whether or not related to the environment) as originally expected or anticipated by the 
relevant Issuer.  Any such event or failure by the relevant Issuer will not constitute an Event of Default under 
the Notes. 
Any such event or failure to apply the proceeds of any issue of Notes for any Green Projects as aforesaid 
and/or withdrawal of any such opinion or certification or any such opinion or certification attesting that the 
relevant Issuer is not complying in whole or in part with any matters for which such opinion or certification 
is opining or certifying on and/or any such Notes no longer being listed or admitted to trading on any stock 
exchange or securities market as aforesaid may have a material adverse effect on the value of such Notes and 
also potentially the value of any other Notes which are intended to finance Green Projects and/or result in 
adverse consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in securities to be used for a 
particular purpose. 
Risks related to the market generally 
Set out below is a description of material market risks, including liquidity risk, exchange rate risk, interest 
rate risk and credit risk: 
An active secondary market in respect of the Notes may never be established or may be illiquid and this 
would adversely affect the value at which an investor could sell his Notes. 
Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop.  If a market for the 
Notes does develop, it may not be very liquid. Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Notes easily 
or at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed

--- Page 34 ---
34 
 
 
secondary market. This is particularly the case for Notes that are especially sensitive to interest rate, currency 
or market risks, are designed for specific investment objectives or strategies or have been structured to meet 
the investment requirements of limited categories of investors.  These types of Notes generally would have a 
more limited secondary market and more price volatility than conventional debt securities. 
If an investor holds Notes which are not denominated in the investor's home currency, he will be exposed 
to movements in exchange rates adversely affecting the value of his holding.  In addition, the imposition 
of exchange controls in relation to any Notes could result in an investor not receiving payments on those 
Notes. 
The relevant Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes and the Guarantor (if applicable) will make 
any payments under the Guarantee in the Specified Currency.  This presents certain risks relating to currency 
conversions if an investor's financial activities are denominated principally in a currency or currency unit 
(the Investor's Currency) other than the Specified Currency.  These include the risk that exchange rates 
may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or revaluation of 
the Investor's Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor's Currency may 
impose or modify exchange controls.  An appreciation in the value of the Investor's Currency relative to the 
Specified Currency would decrease (1) the Investor's Currency-equivalent yield on the Notes, (2) the 
Investor's Currency equivalent value of the principal payable on the Notes and (3) the Investor's Currency 
equivalent market value of the Notes. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that 
could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate or the ability of the relevant Issuer to make payments in 
respect of the Notes or the Guarantor (if applicable) to make any payments under the Guarantee.  As a result, 
investors may receive less interest or principal than expected, or no interest or principal. 
The value of Fixed Rate Notes may be adversely affected by movements in market interest rates. 
Investment in Fixed Rate Notes involves the risk that if market interest rates subsequently increase above the 
rate paid on the Fixed Rate Notes, this will adversely affect the value of the Fixed Rate Notes. 
Credit ratings assigned to the Issuers, the Guarantor or any Notes may not reflect all the risks associated 
with an investment in those Notes. 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Issuers, the Guarantor or the 
Notes.  The ratings may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional 
factors discussed above, and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes.  A credit rating is not a 
recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised, suspended or withdrawn by the rating 
agency at any time. 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted under the EU CRA Regulation from using credit 
ratings for regulatory purposes in the EEA, unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating agency 
established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been 
withdrawn or suspended, subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances).  Such general 
restriction will also apply in the case of credit ratings issued by third country non-EEA credit rating agencies, 
unless the relevant credit ratings are endorsed by an EEA-registered credit rating agency or the relevant third 
country non-EEA credit rating agency is certified in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation (and such 
endorsement action or certification, as the case may be, has not been withdrawn or suspended, subject to 
transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances).  The list of registered and certified rating 
agencies published by the European Securities and Markets Authority (ESMA) on its website in accordance 
with the EU CRA Regulation is not conclusive evidence of the status of the relevant rating agency included 
in such list, as there may be delays between certain supervisory measures being taken against a relevant 
rating agency and the publication of the updated ESMA list.

--- Page 35 ---
35 
 
 
Investors regulated in the UK are subject to similar restrictions under the UK CRA Regulation. As such, UK 
regulated investors are required to use for UK regulatory purposes ratings issued by a credit rating agency 
established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation. In the case of ratings issued by third 
country non-UK credit rating agencies, third country credit ratings can either be: (a) endorsed by a UK 
registered credit rating agency; or (b) issued by a third country credit rating agency that is certified in 
accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. Note this is subject, in each case, to (a) the relevant UK 
registration, certification or endorsement, as the case may be, not having been withdrawn or suspended, and 
(b) transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances.  
If the status of the rating agency rating the Notes changes for the purposes of the EU CRA Regulation or the 
UK CRA Regulation, relevant regulated investors may no longer be able to use the rating for regulatory 
purposes in the EEA or the UK, as applicable, and the Notes may have a different regulatory treatment, 
which may impact the value of the Notes and their liquidity in the secondary market. Certain information 
with respect to the credit rating agencies and ratings is set out on the cover of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 36 ---
36 
 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following documents which have previously been published shall be incorporated in, and form part of, 
this Base Prospectus:  
(a) 
Castellum’s audited consolidated financial statements (including the auditors' report thereon and 
notes thereto) extracted from Castellum’s annual report in respect of the financial year ended 31 
December 2020 as set out on the following pages of the 2020 Annual Report.  
 
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income 
Page 128 
Consolidated Balance Sheet 
Page 129 
Change in Equity  
Page 132 
Cash Flow Statement 
Page 133 
Accounting Policies and Notes 
Pages 134 – 152 
Auditor’s Report 
Pages 156 – 158 
This document is available for viewing on the following website: 
 
https://www.castellum.se/globalassets/investor-
relations/arsredovisningar/2020/castellum_annualreport_2020.pdf   
(b) 
Castellum’s audited consolidated financial statements (including the auditors' report thereon and 
notes thereto) extracted from Castellum’s annual report in respect of the financial year ended 31 
December 2019 as set out on the following pages of the 2019 Annual Report.  
 
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income 
Page 153 
Consolidated Balance Sheet 
Page 154 
Change in Shareholders’ Equity  
Page 157 
Cash Flow Statement 
Page 158 
Accounting Policies and Notes 
Pages 159 – 175 
Auditor’s Report 
Pages 179 – 182 
This document is available for viewing on the following website: 
 
https://vp244.alertir.com/afw/files/press/castellum/Castellum_AR_2019_PRINT_ENG_index.pdf   
(c) 
The unaudited consolidated interim financial statements of Castellum in respect of the six months 
ended 30 June 2021 as set out on the following pages of the Interim Report Jan-June 2021.  
 
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income 
Page 8

--- Page 37 ---
37 
 
 
Consolidated Balance Sheet 
Page 11 
Changes in Equity  
Page 12 
Cash Flow Statement 
Page 20 
Notes to the Financial Statements 
Pages 9-12, 18 
This document is available for viewing on the following website: 
https://vp244.alertir.com/afw/files/press/castellum/202107054349-1.pdf 
(d) 
The unaudited consolidated interim financial statements of Kungsleden in respect of the six months 
ended 30 June 2021 (Kungsleden Q2 Interim Financials) as set out on the following pages of the 
Interim Report Jan-June 2021.  
 
Consolidated Income Statement 
Page 4 
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income 
Page 4 
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position 
Page 7 
Group Changes in Equity  
Page 7 
Group Cash Flow 
Page 161 
This document is available for viewing on the following website: 
https://www.kungsleden.se/contentassets/d435219e3bd94a379e1b0996e28f6e03/interim-report-
january---june-2021  
The Kungsleden Q2 Interim Financials have been included for information and illustration purposes 
in relation to the Offer. Castellum has not been involved in the preparation of, nor has it verified the 
contents of, the Kungsleden Q2 Interim Financials, and cannot give any assurance as to their 
accuracy. 
(e) 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes contained in the previous Base Prospectus dated 2 
November 2018, pages 45 to 82 (inclusive) prepared by Castellum AB in connection with the 
Programme. This document is available for viewing on the following website: 
 
https://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Base%20Prospectus_83003347-48c7-48e6-b6c4-
7ddb5e52535b.PDF  
Following the publication of this Base Prospectus a supplement may be prepared by the Issuers and the 
Guarantor and approved by the Central Bank of Ireland in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus 
Regulation.  Statements contained in any such supplement (or contained in any document incorporated by 
reference therein) shall, to the extent applicable (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise), be deemed 
to modify or supersede statements contained in this Base Prospectus or in a document which is incorporated 
by reference in this Base Prospectus.  Any statement so modified or superseded shall not, except as so 
modified or superseded, constitute a part of this Base Prospectus. 
                                                     
1 For the avoidance of doubt, the sections entitled "Cash Flow and Loan-to-Value Ratio" and "Change in Net Debt 
January-June 2021" appearing beneath Group Cash Flow on page 16 shall not be incorporated by reference.

--- Page 38 ---
38 
 
 
Any documents themselves incorporated by reference in the documents incorporated by reference in this 
Base Prospectus shall not form part of this Base Prospectus. 
The Issuers and the Guarantor will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or material 
inaccuracy relating to information included in this Base Prospectus which may affect the assessment of any 
Notes, prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a new Base Prospectus for use in connection 
with any subsequent issue of Notes.

--- Page 39 ---
39 
 
 
FORM OF THE NOTES 
The Notes of each Series will be in either bearer form, with or without interest coupons attached, or 
registered form, without interest coupons attached.  Notes will be issued outside the United States in reliance 
on Regulation S under the Securities Act (Regulation S). 
Bearer Notes 
Each Tranche of Bearer Notes will be in bearer form and will initially be issued in the form of a temporary 
global note (a Temporary Bearer Global Note) or, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, a 
permanent global note (a Permanent Bearer Global Note and, together with a Temporary Bearer Global 
Note, each a Bearer Global Note) which, in either case, will: 
(a) 
if the Bearer Global Notes are intended to be issued in new global note (NGN) form, as stated in the 
applicable Final Terms, be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche to a 
common safekeeper (the Common Safekeeper) for Euroclear Bank SA/NV (Euroclear) and 
Clearstream Banking S.A. (Clearstream, Luxembourg); and 
(b) 
if the Bearer Global Notes are not intended to be issued in NGN Form, be delivered on or prior to 
the original issue date of the Tranche to a common depositary (the Common Depositary) for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg.  
Where the Bearer Global Notes issued in respect of any Tranche are in NGN form, the applicable Final 
Terms will also indicate whether such Bearer Global Notes are intended to be held in a manner which would 
allow Eurosystem eligibility.  Any indication that the Bearer Global Notes are to be so held does not 
necessarily mean that the Bearer Notes of the relevant Tranche will be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any 
times during their life as such recognition depends upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria.  
The Common Safekeeper for NGNs will either be Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or another entity 
approved by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Whilst any Bearer Note is represented by a Temporary Bearer Global Note, payments of principal, interest 
(if any) and any other amount payable in respect of the Notes due prior to the Exchange Date (as defined 
below) will be made (against presentation of the Temporary Bearer Global Note if the Temporary Bearer 
Global Note is not intended to be issued in NGN form) only to the extent that certification (in a form to be 
provided) to the effect that the beneficial owners of interests in the Temporary Bearer Global Note are not 
U.S. persons or persons who have purchased for resale to any U.S. person, as required by U.S. Treasury 
regulations, has been received by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable, has given a like certification (based on the certifications it has 
received) to the Principal Paying Agent. 
On and after the date (the Exchange Date) which is 40 days after a Temporary Bearer Global Note is issued, 
interests in such Temporary Bearer Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge) upon a request as 
described therein either for (i) interests in a Permanent Bearer Global Note of the same Series or (ii) for 
definitive Bearer Notes of the same Series with, where applicable, interest coupons and talons attached (as 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms), in each case against certification of beneficial ownership as 
described above unless such certification has already been given, provided that purchasers in the United 
States and certain U.S. persons will not be able to receive definitive Bearer Notes.  The holder of a 
Temporary Bearer Global Note will not be entitled to collect any payment of interest, principal or other 
amount due on or after the Exchange Date unless, upon due certification, exchange of the Temporary Bearer 
Global Note for an interest in a Permanent Bearer Global Note or for definitive Bearer Notes is improperly 
withheld or refused.

--- Page 40 ---
40 
 
 
Payments of principal, interest (if any) or any other amounts on a Permanent Bearer Global Note will be 
made through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (against presentation or surrender (as the case may 
be) of the Permanent Bearer Global Note if the Permanent Bearer Global Note is not intended to be issued in 
NGN form) without any requirement for certification. 
The applicable Final Terms will specify that a Permanent Bearer Global Note will be exchangeable (free of 
charge), in whole but not in part, for definitive Bearer Notes with, where applicable, interest coupons and 
talons attached upon the occurrence of an Exchange Event.  For these purposes, Exchange Event means that 
(i) an Event of Default (as defined in Condition 10 (Events of Default and Enforcement)) has occurred and is 
continuing, (ii) the relevant Issuer has been notified that both Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg have 
been closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of holiday, statutory or 
otherwise) or have announced an intention permanently to cease business or have in fact done so and no 
successor clearing system is available or (iii) the relevant Issuer has or will become subject to adverse tax 
consequences which would not be suffered were the Notes represented by the Permanent Bearer Global Note 
in definitive form.  The relevant Issuer will promptly give notice to Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 14 (Notices) if an Exchange Event occurs.  In the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event, 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (acting on the instructions of any holder of an interest in such 
Permanent Bearer Global Note) may give notice to the Principal Paying Agent requesting exchange and, in 
the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event as described in (iii) above, the relevant Issuer may also 
give notice to the Principal Paying Agent requesting exchange.  Any such exchange shall occur not later than 
45 days after the date of receipt of the first relevant notice by the Principal Paying Agent. 
The following legend will appear on all Bearer Notes (other than Temporary Bearer Global Notes) and 
interest coupons and talons relating to such Notes where TEFRA D is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms: 
"ANY UNITED STATES PERSON WHO HOLDS THIS OBLIGATION WILL BE SUBJECT TO 
LIMITATIONS UNDER THE UNITED STATES INCOME TAX LAWS, INCLUDING THE 
LIMITATIONS PROVIDED IN SECTIONS 165(j) AND 1287(a) OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE 
CODE." 
The sections referred to provide that United States holders, with certain exceptions, will not be entitled to 
deduct any loss on Bearer Notes or interest coupons or talons and will not be entitled to capital gains 
treatment in respect of any gain on any sale, disposition, redemption or payment of principal in respect of 
Bearer Notes or interest coupons or talons. 
Notes which are represented by a Bearer Global Note will only be transferable in accordance with the rules 
and procedures for the time being of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be. 
Registered Notes 
The Registered Notes of each Tranche will initially be represented by a global note in registered form (a 
Registered Global Note).  
Registered Global Notes will be deposited with a common depositary or, if the Registered Global Notes are 
to be held under the new safe-keeping structure (the NSS), a common safekeeper, as the case may be for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, and registered in the name of the nominee for the Common 
Depositary of, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or in the name of a nominee of the common 
safekeeper, as specified in the applicable Final Terms.  Persons holding beneficial interests in Registered 
Global Notes will be entitled or required, as the case may be, under the circumstances described below, to 
receive physical delivery of definitive Notes in fully registered form. Where the Registered Global Notes 
issued in respect of any Tranche is intended to be held under the NSS, the applicable Final Terms will 
indicate whether or not such Registered Global Notes are intended to be held in a manner which would allow 
Eurosystem eligibility. Any indication that the Registered Global Notes are to be so held does not necessarily

--- Page 41 ---
41 
 
 
mean that the Notes of the relevant Tranche will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any time during 
their life as such recognition depends upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria. The common 
safekeeper for a Registered Global Note held under the NSS will either by Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or another entity approved by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg.  
Payments of principal, interest and any other amount in respect of the Registered Global Notes will, in the 
absence of provision to the contrary, be made to the person shown on the Register (as defined in Condition 
6.4 (Payments - Payments in respect of Registered Notes)) as the registered holder of the Registered Global 
Notes.  None of the Issuers, the Guarantor, any Paying Agent or the Registrar will have any responsibility or 
liability for any aspect of the records relating to or payments or deliveries made on account of beneficial 
ownership interests in the Registered Global Notes or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records 
relating to such beneficial ownership interests. 
Payments of principal, interest or any other amount in respect of the Registered Notes in definitive form will, 
in the absence of provision to the contrary, be made to the persons shown on the Register on the relevant 
Record Date (as defined in Condition 6.4 (Payments - Payments in respect of Registered Notes)) 
immediately preceding the due date for payment in the manner provided in that Condition. 
Interests in a Registered Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge), in whole but not in part, for 
definitive Registered Notes without interest coupons or talons attached only upon the occurrence of an 
Exchange Event.  For these purposes, Exchange Event means that (i) an Event of Default has occurred and 
is continuing, (ii) in the case of Notes registered in the name of a nominee for a common depositary or a 
Common Safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, the relevant Issuer has been notified that 
both Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg have been closed for business for a continuous period of 14 
days (other than by reason of holiday, statutory or otherwise) or have announced an intention permanently to 
cease business or have in fact done so and, in any such case, no successor clearing system is available or (iii) 
the relevant Issuer has or will become subject to adverse tax consequences which would not be suffered were 
the Notes represented by the Registered Global Note in definitive form. The relevant Issuer will promptly 
give notice to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) if an Exchange Event occurs.  In the 
event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any person 
acting on their behalf (acting on the instructions of any holder of an interest in such Registered Global Note) 
may give notice to the Registrar requesting exchange and, in the event of the occurrence of an Exchange 
Event as described in (iii) above, the relevant Issuer may also give notice to the Registrar requesting 
exchange.  Any such exchange shall occur not later than 10 days after the date of receipt of the first relevant 
notice by the Registrar. 
No beneficial owner of an interest in a Registered Global Note will be able to transfer such interest, except in 
accordance with the applicable procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, in each case to the 
extent applicable.   
General 
Pursuant to the Agency Agreement (as defined under "Terms and Conditions of the Notes"), the Principal 
Paying Agent shall arrange that, where a further Tranche of Notes is issued which is intended to form a 
single Series with an existing Tranche of Notes at a point after the Issue Date of the further Tranche, the 
Notes of such further Tranche shall be assigned a common code and ISIN which are different from the 
common code and ISIN assigned to Notes of any other Tranche of the same Series until such time as the 
Tranches are consolidated and form a single Series, which shall not be prior to the expiry of the distribution 
compliance period (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act) applicable to the Notes of such 
Tranche.

--- Page 42 ---
42 
 
 
Any reference herein to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so permits, 
be deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
A Note may be accelerated by the holder thereof in certain circumstances described in Condition 10 (Events 
of Default and Enforcement).  In such circumstances, where any Note is still represented by a Global Note 
and the Global Note (or any part thereof) has become due and repayable in accordance with the Terms and 
Conditions of such Notes and payment in full of the amount due has not been made in accordance with the 
provisions of the Global Note then from 8.00 p.m. (London time) on such day holders of interests in such 
Global Note credited to their accounts with Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg as the case may be, 
will become entitled to proceed directly against the relevant Issuer or, as appropriate, the Guarantor, on the 
basis of statements of account provided by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg on and subject to the 
terms of a deed of covenant (the Deed of Covenant) dated 20 August 2021 and executed by the Issuers, and 
(if applicable) the terms of a deed of guarantee (the Guarantee) dated 20 August 2021 and executed by the 
Guarantor.  
The relevant Issuer and the Guarantor (if applicable) may agree with any Dealer that Notes may be issued in 
a form not contemplated by the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, in which event, a new Base Prospectus 
will be made available which will describe the effect of the agreement reached in relation to such Notes.

--- Page 43 ---
43 
 
 
APPLICABLE FINAL TERMS 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
any retail investor in the European Economic Area (EEA). For these purposes, a retail investor means a 
person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 
2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID II); (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the 
Insurance Distribution Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as 
defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Directive (EU) 
2017/1129 (the Prospectus Regulation). Consequently no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful 
under the PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom (UK). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA); (ii) a customer 
within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the FSMA) and any 
rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as 
it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 
of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue 
of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation.] 
[MIFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and 
professional clients only, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID II)][MiFID II]; and 
(ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are 
appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[UK MIFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as 
defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (COBS), and professional clients, as 
defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (UK MiFIR); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. Any 
[distributor]/[person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a distributor)] should take 
into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the 
FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes

--- Page 44 ---
44 
 
 
(by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels.] 
[Singapore Securities and Futures Act Product Classification – Solely for the purposes of its obligations 
pursuant to sections 309B(1)(a) and 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore 
(the SFA) and the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the SF 
(CMP) Regulations)), the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in 
Section 309A(1) of the SFA) that the Notes are ["prescribed capital markets products"]/["capital markets 
products other than prescribed capital markets products"] (as defined in the SF (CMP) Regulations) and [are] 
[Excluded]/[Specified] Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of 
Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products).]2 
[Date] 
[Castellum AB / Castellum Helsinki Finance Holding Abp] 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): [549300GU5OHTR1T5IY68] / [743700WAF2AHZ4LRAR98] 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] [Green Bonds] 
[unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by Castellum AB] 
under the €3,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the terms and conditions of the 
Notes (the Conditions) set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 20 August 2021 [and the supplement[s] to it 
dated [date] [and [date]]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus 
Regulation (the Base Prospectus). [This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein 
for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus in 
order to obtain all the relevant information.]3 [The Base Prospectus has been published on the website of the 
Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin (Euronext Dublin) at www.euronext.ie.]  
[The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was 
issued under a Base Prospectus with an earlier date.] 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the terms and conditions of the 
Notes (the Conditions) set forth in the Base Prospectus dated [[2 November 2018]] which are incorporated 
by reference in the Base Prospectus dated 20 August  2021. This document constitutes the Final Terms of the 
Notes described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with 
the Base Prospectus dated 20 August 2021 [and the supplement[s] to it dated [date] [and [date]] which 
[together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation (the Base 
Prospectus), including the Conditions incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus, in order to obtain 
all the relevant information. [The Base Prospectus has been published on the website of the Irish Stock 
Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin (Euronext Dublin) at www.euronext.ie.] 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable". Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs or subparagraphs 
(in which case the sub-paragraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be deleted). Italics 
denote directions for completing the Final Terms.]  
                                                     
2 Delete where the Notes are not offered to Singapore investors. 
3 Delete where the Notes are neither admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area nor offered in the European Economic 
Area in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation.

--- Page 45 ---
45 
 
 
[If the Notes have a maturity of less than one year from the date of their issue, the minimum denomination 
may need to be £100,000 or its equivalent in any other currency.] 
 
1. 
(a)         Issuer:  
[Castellum AB] / [Castellum Helsinki Finance 
Holding Abp] 
[(b)         Guarantor: 
Castellum AB] 
(Delete in the case of Notes issued by Castellum AB) 
2. 
(a) 
Series Number: 
[     ] 
(b) 
Tranche Number: 
[     ] 
(c) 
Date on which the Notes will be 
consolidated and form a single 
Series: 
The Notes will be consolidated and form a single 
Series with [identify earlier Tranches] on [the Issue 
Date/the date that is 40 days after the Issue 
Date/exchange of the Temporary Global Note for 
interests in the Permanent Global Note, as referred to 
in paragraph 25 below, which is expected to occur 
on or about [date]][Not Applicable]  
3. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[     ] 
4. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
 
(a) 
Series: 
[     ] 
(b) 
Tranche: 
[     ] 
5. 
Issue Price: 
[     ] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
[plus accrued interest from [insert date] (if 
applicable)] 
6. 
(a) 
Specified Denominations: 
[     ] 
 
(N.B. Notes must have a minimum denomination of 
€100,000 (or equivalent)) 
 
(Note – where Bearer multiple denominations above 
€100,000 or equivalent are being used the following 
sample wording should be followed: 
 
"[€100,000] and integral multiples of [€1,000] in 
excess thereof up to and including [€199,000]. No 
Notes in definitive form will be issued with a 
denomination above [€199,000].")) 
(b) 
Calculation Amount (in relation to 
calculation of interest on Notes in 
global form see Conditions): 
[     ] 
 
(If only one Specified Denomination, insert the 
Specified Denomination. If more than one Specified 
Denomination, insert the highest common factor.

--- Page 46 ---
46 
 
 
Note: There must be a common factor in the case of 
two or more Specified Denominations.)  
7. 
(a) 
Issue Date: 
[     ] 
(b)  
Interest Commencement Date: 
[specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
 
(N.B. An Interest Commencement Date will not be 
relevant for certain Notes, for example Zero Coupon 
Notes.) 
8. 
Maturity Date: 
Specify date or for Floating Rate Notes – Interest 
Payment Date falling in or nearest to [specify month 
and year]] 
9. 
Interest Basis: 
[[     ] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
 
[[[ 
 
 
 
 ] 
month 
[EURIBOR/CIBOR/STIBOR/NIBOR]] +/- [     ] per 
cent. Floating Rate] 
 
[Zero coupon] 
 
(see paragraph [14]/[15]/[16] below) 
10. 
Redemption Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the 
Maturity Date at 100 per cent. of their nominal 
amount 
11. 
Change of Interest Basis: 
[Specify the date when any fixed to floating rate 
change occurs or cross refer to paragraphs 14 and 
15 below and identify there][Not Applicable] 
12. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Issuer Call]  
 
[Issuer Par Call] 
[Investor Put] 
 
[Change of Control Put] 
[Clean-Up Call] 
 
[(see paragraph [18]/[19]/[20]/[21]/[22] below)] 
13. 
(a) 
Status of the Notes: 
Senior 
[(b)  
Status of the Guarantee: 
Senior] 
(c)  
Date Board approval for issuance of 
Notes [and the Guarantee] obtained: 
[     ] 
(N.B. Only relevant where Board (or similar) 
authorisation is required for the particular tranche 
of Notes or related Guarantee) 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
14. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[     ] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date

--- Page 47 ---
47 
 
 
(b) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[     ] in each year up to and including the Maturity 
Date 
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s) for Notes 
in definitive form (and in relation to 
Notes 
in 
global 
form 
see 
Conditions): 
[[     ] per Calculation Amount] 
(d) 
Broken Amount(s) for Notes in 
definitive form (and in relation to 
Notes 
in 
global 
form 
see 
Conditions): 
[[     ] per Calculation Amount, payable on the 
Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] [     ]][Not 
Applicable] 
(e) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360] [Actual/Actual (ICMA)]  
(f) 
Determination Date(s): 
[[     ] in each year][Not Applicable] 
 
(Only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA). In such a case, insert regular 
interest payment dates, ignoring issue date or 
maturity date in the case of a long or short first or 
last coupon) 
(g) 
Step Up Rating Change and/or Step 
Down Rating Change: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraph of this paragraph) 
(h) 
Step Up Margin: 
[[ ] per cent. per annum] 
15. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Specified 
Period(s)/Specified 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[     ] [, subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
Business Day Convention set out in (b) below/, not 
subject to adjustment, as the Business Day 
Convention in (b) below is specified to be Not 
Applicable]  
(b) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention][Not Applicable]  
(c) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[     ] 
(d) 
Manner in which the Rate of Interest 
and Interest Amount is to be 
determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination] 
(e) 
Party responsible for calculating the 
Rate of Interest and Interest Amount 
(if not the Agent): 
[     ] (the Calculation Agent)

--- Page 48 ---
48 
 
 
(f) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
 
 
Reference Rate: 
[     ] month [EURIBOR/CIBOR/STIBOR/NIBOR] 
 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[     ] 
 
(The second day on which the TARGET2 System is 
open prior to the start of each Interest Period if 
EURIBOR, second Copenhagen business day prior 
to the start of each Interest Period if CIBOR, second 
Stockholm business day prior to the start of each 
Interest Period if STIBOR and second Oslo business 
day prior to the start of each Interest Period if 
NIBOR) 
 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[     ] 
 
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters 
EURIBOR01 ensure it is a page which shows a 
composite rate or amend the fallback provisions 
appropriately)  
(g) 
ISDA Determination: 
 
 
Floating Rate Option: 
[     ] 
 
Designated Maturity: 
[     ] 
 
Reset Date: 
[     ] 
(h) 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable - the Rate of interest for 
the [long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be 
calculated using Linear Interpolation (specify for 
each short or long interest period)]  
(i) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-] [     ] per cent. per annum 
(j) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[     ] per cent. per annum 
(k) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[     ] per cent. per annum 
(l) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)][Actual/Actual] 
 
Actual/365 (Fixed) 
 
Actual/365 (Sterling) 
 
Actual/360 
 
[30/360][360/360][Bond Basis] 
 
[30E/360][Eurobond Basis] 
 
30E/360 (ISDA)]  
(m) 
Step Up Rating Change and/or Step 
Down Rating Change: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraph of this paragraph) 
(n) 
Step Up Margin: 
[[ ] per cent. per annum]

--- Page 49 ---
49 
 
 
16. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraph of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Accrual Yield: 
[     ] per cent. per annum 
(b) 
Reference Price: 
[     ] 
(c) 
Day Count Fraction in relation to 
Early Redemption Amounts: 
[30/360] 
[Actual/360] 
 
[Actual/365]  
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
17. 
Notice periods for Condition 7.2: 
Minimum period: [30] days 
Maximum period: [60] days 
18. 
Issuer Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[     ] 
(b) 
Optional Redemption Amount: 
[[     ] per Calculation Amount][Early Redemption 
Amount calculated in accordance with Condition 
7.8(b)][Spens Amount][Make-whole Amount] 
(A) 
Reference Bond 
[     ]/[Not Applicable] 
(B) 
Redemption Margin 
[     ] 
(C) 
Quotation Time 
[     ] 
(c) 
If redeemable in part: 
[Not Applicable] 
(i) 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[     ] 
(ii) 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[     ] 
(d) 
Notice periods: 
Minimum period: [     ] days 
 
Maximum period: [     ] days 
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of distribution 
of information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of 5 
clearing system business days' notice for a call) and 
custodians, as well as any other notice requirements 
which may apply, for example, as between the Issuer 
and the Principal Paying Agent.) 
19. 
Issuer Par Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining

--- Page 50 ---
50 
 
 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Par Call Period: 
From (and including [     ] (the Par Call Period 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the 
Maturity Date 
(b) 
Notice Periods: 
Minimum period: [     ] days 
Maximum period: [     ] days 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of distribution 
of information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of 5 
clearing system business days' notice for a call) and 
custodians, as well as any other notice requirements 
which may apply, for example, as between the Issuer 
and the Principal Paying Agent.) 
20. 
Investor Put: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[     ] 
(b) 
Optional Redemption Amount: 
[[     ] per Calculation Amount][Early Redemption 
Amount calculated in accordance with Condition 
7.8(b)] 
(c) 
Notice Periods: 
Minimum period: [     ] days 
Maximum period: [     ] days 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of distribution 
of information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of 5 
clearing system business days' notice for a call) and 
custodians, as well as any other notice requirements 
which may apply, for example, as between the Issuer 
and the Principal Paying Agent.) 
21. 
Change of Control Put 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
Change of Control Redemption Amount: 
[[     ] per Calculation Amount][Early Redemption 
Amount calculated in accordance with Condition 
7.8(b)] 
22. 
Clean-Up Call:  
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Amount: 
[[     ] per Calculation Amount][Early Redemption 
Amount calculated in accordance with Condition 
7.8(b)]

--- Page 51 ---
51 
 
 
(b) 
Notice periods:  
Minimum period: [     ] days 
Maximum period: [     ] days 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of distribution 
of information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of 5 
clearing system business days' notice for a call) and 
custodians, as well as any other notice requirements 
which may apply, for example, as between the Issuer 
and the Principal Paying Agent.) 
23. 
Final Redemption Amount: 
[     ] per Calculation Amount 
24. 
Early Redemption Amount payable on 
redemption for taxation reasons or on event 
of default: 
[[     ] per Calculation Amount][Condition 7.8 
applies] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
25. 
Form of Notes: 
 
(a) 
Form: 
[Bearer 
Notes: 
[Temporary 
Global 
Note 
exchangeable for a Permanent Global Note which is 
exchangeable 
for 
Definitive 
Notes 
upon 
an 
Exchange Event] 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes on and after the Exchange Date] 
 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes upon an Exchange Event] 
 
[Notes shall not be physically delivered in Belgium, 
except to a clearing system, a depository or other 
institution for the purpose of their immobilisation in 
accordance with article 4 of the Belgian Law of 14 
December 20054] 
 
(N.B. The option for an issue of Notes to be 
represented on issue by a Temporary Global Note 
exchangeable for Definitive Notes should not be 
expressed to be applicable if the Specified 
Denomination of the Notes in paragraph 6 includes 
language substantially to the following effect: 
"[€100,000] and integral multiples of [€1,000] in 
excess thereof up to and including [€199,000].".)] 
 
[Registered Notes: 
 
[Global Note registered in the name of a nominee for 
                                                     
4 Include for Notes that are to be offered in Belgium.

--- Page 52 ---
52 
 
 
[a 
common 
depositary 
for 
Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg][a common safekeeper for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg] 
(b) 
New Global Note: 
[Yes][No] 
(c) 
New Safekeeping Structure: 
[Yes][No] 
26. 
Additional Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
(Note that this paragraph relates to the date of 
payment and not the end dates of Interest Periods for 
the purposes of calculating the amount of interest, to 
which sub-paragraphs 15(c) relates) 
27. 
Talons for future Coupons to be attached to 
Definitive Notes: 
[Yes, as the Notes have more than 27 coupon 
payments, Talons may be required if, on exchange 
into definitive form, more than 27 coupon payments 
are still to be made/No] 
[THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
[[Relevant third party information] has been extracted from [specify source]. [Each of the][The] Issuer [and 
the Guarantor] confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware 
and is able to ascertain from information published by [specify source], no facts have been omitted which 
would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.] 
 
Signed on behalf of [Castellum AB (publ)] / [Castellum Helsinki Finance Holding Abp] as Issuer: 
 
By:  ......................................................................  
By:  ....................................................................... 
Duly authorised 
Duly authorised 
 
 
[Signed on behalf of Castellum AB (publ) as Guarantor 
By:  ......................................................................  
By:  ....................................................................... 
Duly authorised 
Duly authorised]

--- Page 53 ---
53 
 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
 
1. 
LISTING 
AND 
ADMISSION 
TO 
TRADING 
 
(i) 
Listing and Admission to trading 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its 
behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading on the 
Regulated Market of Euronext Dublin and listing on 
the Official List of Euronext Dublin with effect from 
[     ].] 
 
[Application is expected to be made by the Issuer (or 
on its behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading 
on the Regulated Market of Euronext Dublin and 
listing on the Official List of Euronext Dublin with 
effect from [     ].]  
 
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to 
indicate that original Notes are already admitted to 
trading.) 
[Not Applicable] 
(ii) 
Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission to trading: 
[     ] 
2. 
RATINGS 
Ratings: 
[The Notes to be issued [[have been]/[have not 
been]/[are expected to be]] rated]: 
 
[insert details] by [insert the legal name of the 
relevant credit rating agency entity(ies) and 
associated defined terms].  
 
[Each of ][defined terms] is established in the [EEA] 
and is registered under Regulation (EC) No. 
1060/2009 (as amended) (the CRA Regulation)]  
[Each of ][defined terms] is established in the United 
Kingdom and is registered under Regulation (EC) 
No. 1060/2009 (as amended) as it forms part of UK 
domestic law by virtue of [the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018]/[the EUWA] (the UK CRA 
Regulation)] 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning 
of the ratings if this has previously been published by 
the rating provider.] 
 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating 
allocated to Notes of the type being issued under the

--- Page 54 ---
54 
 
 
Programme generally or, where the issue has been 
specifically rated, that rating.) 
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
[Save for the fees [of [insert relevant fee disclosure] payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as the 
Issuer is aware, no person involved in the issue of the Notes has an interest material to the offer. The 
[Managers/Dealers] and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment 
banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer 
[and the Guarantor] and [its/their] affiliates in the ordinary course of business - Amend as 
appropriate if there are other interests] 
[(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters 
described constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to 
the Base Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.)] 
4. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS 
(i) 
Reasons for the offer: 
[See “Use of Proceeds” in the Base Prospectus.] 
[The Notes are intended to be issued as Green 
Bonds, [further particulars to be provided].] 
(ii) 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[         ] 
5. 
YIELD (Fixed Rate Notes Only) 
Indication of yield: 
[     ] 
 
The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis 
of the Issue Price. It is not an indication of future 
yield. 
6. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
(i) 
ISIN: 
[     ] 
(ii) 
Common Code: 
[     ] 
(iii) 
CFI: 
[[See/[[include code ]5, as updated, as set out on] the 
website of the Association of National Numbering 
Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the 
responsible 
National 
Numbering 
Agency 
that 
assigned the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available] 
(iv) 
FISN: 
[[See/[[include code ] 6, as updated, as set out on] the 
website of the Association of National Numbering 
Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the 
responsible 
National 
Numbering 
Agency 
that 
assigned the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available] 
(v) 
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream, 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s)] 
                                                     
5 The actual code should only be included where the issuer is comfortable that it is correct. 
6 The actual code should only be included where the issuer is comfortable that it is correct.

--- Page 55 ---
55 
 
 
Luxembourg 
and 
the 
relevant 
identification number(s): 
(vi) 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
(vii) 
Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any): 
[     ] 
(viii) 
Intended to be held in a manner 
which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility: 
[Yes. Note that the designation "yes" simply means 
that the Notes are intended upon issue to be 
deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper[, and registered in the name of a nominee 
of one of the ICSDs acting as common safekeeper] 
[include this text for Registered Notes which are to 
be held under the NSS] and does not necessarily 
mean that the Notes will be recognised as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra 
day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon 
issue or at any or all times during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon the ECB being 
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have 
been met.]/ 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at 
the date of these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria be amended in the future such that 
the Notes are capable of meeting them the Notes 
may then be deposited with one of the ICSDs as 
common safekeeper[, and registered in the name of a 
nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as common 
safekeeper][include this text for Registered Notes]. 
Note that this does not necessarily mean that the 
Notes will then be recognised as eligible collateral 
for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem at any time during 
their life. Such recognition will depend upon the 
ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria have been met.] 
7. 
DISTRIBUTION 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
(ii) 
If syndicated, names of Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
(iii) 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(iv) 
If non-syndicated, name of relevant 
Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(v) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
Reg. S Compliance Category 2; [TEFRA D/TEFRA 
C/TEFRA not applicable] 
(vi) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 56 ---
56 
 
 
Investors: 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" 
products or the Notes do constitute “packaged” 
products and a key information document will be 
prepared in the EEA, "Not Applicable" should be 
specified. If the Notes may constitute "packaged" 
products and no key information document will be 
prepared, "Applicable" should be specified.) 
(vii) 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" 
products or the Notes do constitute “packaged” 
products and a key information document will be 
prepared in the UK, "Not Applicable" should be 
specified. If the Notes may constitute "packaged" 
products and no key information document will be 
prepared, "Applicable" should be specified.) 
(viii) 
Prohibition of Sales to Belgian 
Consumers: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(N.B. advice should be taken from Belgian counsel 
before disapplying this selling restriction)

--- Page 57 ---
57 
 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following are the Terms and Conditions of the Notes which will be incorporated by reference into each 
Global Note (as defined below) and each definitive Note, in the latter case only if permitted by the relevant 
stock exchange or other relevant authority (if any) and agreed by the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer 
at the time of issue but, if not so permitted and agreed, such definitive Note will have endorsed thereon or 
attached thereto such Terms and Conditions. The applicable Final Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) 
will be endorsed upon, or attached to, each Global Note and definitive Note. Reference should be made to 
"Applicable Final Terms" for a description of the content of Final Terms which will specify which of such 
terms are to apply in relation to the relevant Notes. 
This Note is one of a Series (as defined below) of Notes issued by Castellum AB (Castellum, and in its 
capacity as guarantor of Notes issued by Castellum Finance, the Guarantor) or Castellum Helsinki Finance 
Holding Abp (Castellum Finance, and together with Castellum, the Issuers and each an Issuer) pursuant to 
the Agency Agreement (as defined below). 
References herein to the relevant Issuer shall be references to whichever of Castellum AB and Castellum 
Finance is specified as the Issuer in the applicable Final Term (as defined below). If the relevant Issuer of a 
Series of Notes is Castellum AB, references herein to the Guarantor and the Guarantee, and related 
expressions, are not applicable and shall be disregarded in respect of such Series. 
References herein to the Notes shall be references to the Notes of this Series and shall mean: 
(a) 
in relation to any Notes represented by a global Note (a Global Note), units of each Specified 
Denomination in the Specified Currency; 
(b) 
any Global Note;  
(c) 
any definitive Notes in bearer form (Bearer Notes) issued in exchange for a Global Note in bearer 
form; and 
(d) 
any definitive Notes in registered form (Registered Notes) (whether or not issued in exchange for a 
Global Note in registered form). 
The Notes and the Coupons (as defined below) have the benefit of an amended and restated Agency 
Agreement (such Agency Agreement as amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the 
Agency Agreement) dated 20 August 2021 and made between the Issuers, the Guarantor, Citibank, N.A., 
London Branch as issuing and principal paying agent and agent bank (the Principal Paying Agent, which 
expression shall include any successor principal paying agent) and as transfer agent (together with the 
Registrar, the Transfer Agents, which expression shall include any additional or successor transfer agents), 
the other paying agents named therein (together with the Principal Paying Agent, the Paying Agents, which 
expression shall include any additional or successor paying agents) and Citigroup Global Markets Europe 
AG as registrar (the Registrar, which expression shall include any successor registrar). The Principal Paying 
Agent, the Calculation Agent (if any is specified in the applicable Final Terms), the Registrar, the Paying 
Agents and the Transfer Agents are together referred to as the Agents. The final terms for this Note (or the 
relevant provisions thereof) are set out in Part A of the Final Terms attached to or endorsed on this Note 
which complete these Terms and Conditions (the Conditions). References to the applicable Final Terms 
are, unless otherwise stated, to Part A of the Final Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) attached to or 
endorsed on this Note.  
The payment of all amounts in respect of Notes issued by Castellum Finance have been unconditionally and 
irrevocably guaranteed by the Guarantor pursuant to a deed of guarantee dated 20 August 2021 (such deed of 
guarantee, as modified and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the Guarantee) and executed

--- Page 58 ---
58 
 
 
by the Guarantor. The original of the Guarantee is held by the Principal Paying Agent on behalf of the 
Noteholders and the Couponholders at its specified office. 
Interest bearing definitive Bearer Notes have interest coupons (Coupons) and, in the case of Bearer Notes 
which, when issued in definitive form, have more than 27 interest payments remaining, talons for further 
Coupons (Talons) attached on issue. Any reference herein to Coupons or coupons shall, unless the context 
otherwise requires, be deemed to include a reference to Talons or talons. Registered Notes and Global Notes 
do not have Coupons or Talons attached on issue. 
Any reference to Noteholders shall mean (in the case of Bearer Notes) the holders of the Notes and (in the 
case of Registered Notes) the persons in whose name the Notes are registered and shall, in relation to any 
Notes represented by a Global Note, be construed as provided below. Any reference herein to 
Couponholders shall mean the holders of the Coupons and shall, unless the context otherwise requires, 
include the holders of the Talons. 
As used herein, Tranche means Notes which are identical in all respects (including as to listing and 
admission to trading) and Series means a Tranche of Notes together with any further Tranche or Tranches of 
Notes which (a) are expressed to be consolidated and form a single series and (b) have the same terms and 
conditions or terms and conditions which are the same in all respects save for the amount and date of the first 
payment of interest thereon and the date from which interest starts to accrue. 
The Noteholders and the Couponholders are entitled to the benefit of the Deed of Covenant (such Deed of 
Covenant as modified and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the Deed of Covenant) dated 
20 August 2021 and made by the Issuers.  The original of the Deed of Covenant is held by the common 
depositary for Euroclear (as defined below) and Clearstream, Luxembourg (as defined below).  
Copies of the Agency Agreement, the Guarantee and the Deed of Covenant are (i) available for inspection 
during normal business hours at the specified office of each of the Paying Agents or (ii) may be provided by 
email to a Noteholder following their prior written request to any Paying Agents or the relevant Issuer and 
provision of proof of holding and identity (in a form satisfactory to the relevant Paying Agent or the relevant 
Issuer, as the case may be). If the Notes are to be admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext 
Dublin the applicable Final Terms will be published on the website of Euronext Dublin. The Noteholders 
and the Couponholders are deemed to have notice of, and are entitled to the benefit of, all the provisions of 
the Agency Agreement, the Guarantee, the Deed of Covenant and the applicable Final Terms which are 
applicable to them. The statements in the Conditions include summaries of, and are subject to, the detailed 
provisions of the Agency Agreement. 
Words and expressions defined in the Agency Agreement or used in the applicable Final Terms shall have 
the same meanings where used in the Conditions unless the context otherwise requires or unless otherwise 
stated and provided that, in the event of inconsistency between the Agency Agreement and the applicable 
Final Terms, the applicable Final Terms will prevail. 
In the Conditions, euro means the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic 
and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty establishing the European Community, as amended. 
1. 
FORM, DENOMINATION AND TITLE 
The Notes are in bearer form or in registered form as specified in the applicable Final Terms and, in 
the case of definitive Notes, serially numbered, in the currency (the Specified Currency) and the 
denominations (the Specified Denomination(s)) specified in the applicable Final Terms. Notes of 
one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for Notes of another Specified Denomination 
and Bearer Notes may not be exchanged for Registered Notes and vice versa.

--- Page 59 ---
59 
 
 
This Note may be a Fixed Rate Note, a Floating Rate Note or a Zero Coupon Note, or a combination 
of any of the foregoing, depending upon the Interest Basis shown in the applicable Final Terms. 
Definitive Bearer Notes are issued with Coupons attached, unless they are Zero Coupon Notes in 
which case references to Coupons and Couponholders in the Conditions are not applicable. 
Subject as set out below, title to the Bearer Notes and Coupons will pass by delivery and title to the 
Registered Notes will pass upon registration of transfers in accordance with the provisions of the 
Agency Agreement. The relevant Issuer, the Guarantor and any Agent will (except as otherwise 
required by law) deem and treat the bearer of any Bearer Note or Coupon and the registered holder 
of any Registered Note as the absolute owner thereof (whether or not overdue and notwithstanding 
any notice of ownership or writing thereon or notice of any previous loss or theft thereof) for all 
purposes but, in the case of any Global Note, without prejudice to the provisions set out in the next 
succeeding paragraph. 
For so long as any of the Notes is represented by a Global Note held on behalf of Euroclear Bank 
SA/NV (Euroclear) and/or Clearstream Banking S.A. (Clearstream, Luxembourg), each person 
(other than Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg) who is for the time being shown in the records 
of Euroclear or of Clearstream, Luxembourg as the holder of a particular nominal amount of such 
Notes (in which regard any certificate or other document issued by Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg as to the nominal amount of such Notes standing to the account of any person shall be 
conclusive and binding for all purposes save in the case of manifest error) shall be treated by the 
relevant Issuer, the Guarantor and the Agents as the holder of such nominal amount of such Notes 
for all purposes other than with respect to the payment of principal or interest on such nominal 
amount of such Notes, for which purpose the bearer of the relevant Bearer Global Note or the 
registered holder of the relevant Registered Global Note shall be treated by the relevant Issuer, the 
Guarantor and any Agent as the holder of such nominal amount of such Notes in accordance with 
and subject to the terms of the relevant Global Note and the expressions Noteholder and holder of 
Notes and related expressions shall be construed accordingly. 
Notes which are represented by a Global Note will be transferable only in accordance with the rules 
and procedures for the time being of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be. 
References to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so permits, be 
deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified in Part B of 
the applicable Final Terms. 
2. 
TRANSFERS OF REGISTERED NOTES  
2.1 
Transfers of interests in Registered Global Notes 
Transfers of beneficial interests in Registered Global Notes will be effected by Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, and, in turn, by other participants and, if appropriate, 
indirect participants in such clearing systems acting on behalf of transferors and transferees of such 
interests. A beneficial interest in a Registered Global Note will, subject to compliance with all 
applicable legal and regulatory restrictions, be transferable for Notes in definitive form or for a 
beneficial interest in another Registered Global Note of the same series only in the authorised 
denominations set out in the applicable Final Terms and only in accordance with the rules and 
operating procedures for the time being of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may 
be, and in accordance with the terms and conditions specified in the Agency Agreement. 
2.2 
Transfers of Registered Notes in definitive form 
Subject as provided in paragraph 2.3 below, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in 
the Agency Agreement, a Registered Note in definitive form may be transferred in whole or in part

--- Page 60 ---
60 
 
 
(in the authorised denominations set out in the applicable Final Terms). In order to effect any such 
transfer (a) the holder or holders must (i) surrender the Registered Note for registration of the 
transfer of the Registered Note (or the relevant part of the Registered Note) at the specified office of 
any Transfer Agent, with the form of transfer thereon duly executed by the holder or holders thereof 
or his or their attorney or attorneys duly authorised in writing and (ii) complete and deposit such 
other certifications as may be required by the relevant Transfer Agent and (b) the relevant Transfer 
Agent must, after due and careful enquiry, be satisfied with the documents of title and the identity of 
the person making the request. Any such transfer will be subject to such reasonable regulations as 
the relevant Issuer and the Registrar may from time to time prescribe (the initial such regulations 
being set out in Schedule 6 to the Agency Agreement). Subject as provided above, the relevant 
Transfer Agent will, within three business days (being for this purpose a day on which banks are 
open for business in the city where the specified office of the relevant Transfer Agent is located) of 
the request (or such longer period as may be required to comply with any applicable fiscal or other 
laws or regulations), authenticate and deliver, or procure the authentication and delivery of, at its 
specified office to the transferee or (at the risk of the transferee) send by uninsured mail, to such 
address as the transferee may request, a new Registered Note in definitive form of a like aggregate 
nominal amount to the Registered Note (or the relevant part of the Registered Note) transferred. In 
the case of the transfer of part only of a Registered Note in definitive form, a new Registered Note in 
definitive form in respect of the balance of the Registered Note not transferred will be so 
authenticated and delivered or (at the risk of the transferor) sent to the transferor. 
2.3 
Registration of transfer upon partial redemption 
In the event of a partial redemption of Notes under Condition 7 (Redemption and Purchase), the 
relevant Issuer shall not be required to register the transfer of any Registered Note, or part of a 
Registered Note, called for partial redemption. 
2.4 
Costs of registration 
Noteholders will not be required to bear the costs and expenses of effecting any registration of 
transfer as provided above, except for any costs or expenses of delivery other than by regular 
uninsured mail and except that the relevant Issuer may require the payment of a sum sufficient to 
cover any stamp duty, tax or other governmental charge that may be imposed in relation to the 
registration. 
3. 
STATUS OF THE NOTES AND GUARANTEE 
3.1 
Status of the Notes 
The Notes and any relative Coupons are direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and (subject to the 
provisions of Condition 4.1 (Negative Pledge)) unsecured obligations of the relevant Issuer and rank 
pari passu among themselves and (save for any obligations required to be preferred by law) equally 
with all other unsecured obligations (other than subordinated obligations, if any) of the relevant 
Issuer, from time to time outstanding.  
3.2 
Status of the Guarantee  
The payment of principal and interest in respect of the Notes issued by Castellum Finance has been 
unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by the Guarantor pursuant to the Guarantee. The 
obligations of the Guarantor under the Guarantee are direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and 
(subject to the provisions of Condition 4.1 (Negative Pledge)) unsecured obligations of the 
Guarantor and (save for any obligations required to be preferred by law) rank equally with all other 
present and future unsecured obligations (other than subordinated obligations, if any) of the 
Guarantor, from time to time outstanding.

--- Page 61 ---
61 
 
 
4. 
COVENANTS 
4.1 
Negative Pledge 
So long as any of the Notes remains outstanding (as defined in the Agency Agreement) neither the 
relevant Issuer nor the Guarantor shall, and each of the relevant Issuer and the Guarantor shall 
procure that none of its respective Subsidiaries (as defined below) shall, create or have outstanding 
any mortgage, charge, lien, pledge or other security interest (each a Security Interest), other than a 
Permitted Security Interest, upon, or with respect to, any of its present or future business, 
undertaking, assets or revenues (including any uncalled capital) to secure any Relevant Indebtedness 
(as defined below), unless the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor (as the case may be), in the case of 
the creation of the Security Interest, before or at the same time and, in any other case, promptly, 
takes any and all action necessary to ensure that: 
(i) 
all amounts payable by it under the Notes and the Coupons or, as the case may be, 
the Guarantee, are secured by the Security Interest equally and rateably with the 
Relevant Indebtedness; or   
(ii) 
such other Security Interest or other arrangement (whether or not it includes the 
giving of a Security Interest) is provided as is approved by an Extraordinary 
Resolution (as defined in the Agency Agreement) of the Noteholders.  
4.2 
Financial Covenants 
So long as any Note remains outstanding: 
(a) 
Castellum will not, and will not permit any Subsidiary to, incur directly or indirectly any 
Financial Indebtedness (excluding for the purposes of this Condition 4.2(a) Permitted 
Refinancing Indebtedness) if, on the date of such incurrence and after giving pro forma 
effect thereto (including pro forma application of the proceeds), the Consolidated Solvency 
Ratio would exceed 65 per cent.;  
(b) 
Castellum will not, and will not permit any Subsidiary to, incur directly or indirectly any 
Secured Indebtedness (excluding for the purposes of this Condition 4.2(b) Permitted 
Refinancing Indebtedness) if, on the date of such incurrence and after giving pro forma 
effect thereto (including pro forma application of the proceeds), the Secured Solvency Ratio 
would exceed 45 per cent.; and  
(c) 
Castellum undertakes that on each Testing Date the Consolidated Coverage Ratio will be not 
less than 1.5:1.  
4.3 
Interpretation 
For the purposes of these Conditions: 
Consolidated Adjusted Income from Property Management means, in respect of any Testing 
Date, the number set out under the heading "Income from property management incl. results joint 
venture – of which income from property management" (or any equivalent line item) in the 
consolidated financial statements of the Group, to which Net Interest Charges should be added, in 
each case as set out in the most recent annual or interim, as the case may be, consolidated financial 
statements of the Group;

--- Page 62 ---
62 
 
 
Consolidated Coverage Ratio means, in respect of any Testing Date, the ratio of (i) the aggregate 
amount of Consolidated Adjusted Income from Property Management to (ii) the aggregate amount 
of Net Interest Charges; 
Consolidated Solvency Ratio means (i) the Consolidated Total Indebtedness (less cash and cash 
equivalents) divided by (ii) Consolidated Total Assets;  
Consolidated Total Assets means the value of the consolidated total assets of the Group as shown 
in the most recent annual or interim, as the case may be, consolidated financial statements of the 
Group;  
Consolidated Total Indebtedness means the total Financial Indebtedness (on a consolidated basis) 
of the Group as determined by reference to the most recent annual or interim, as the case may be, 
consolidated financial statements of the Group; 
Financial Indebtedness means any indebtedness of any Person for money borrowed or raised 
including (without limitation) for or in respect of: 
(a) 
moneys borrowed; 
(b) 
any amount raised by acceptance under any acceptance credit facility or dematerialised 
equivalent; 
(c) 
any amount raised pursuant to any note purchase facility or the issue of bonds, notes, 
debentures, loan stock or any similar instrument; 
(d) 
receivables sold or discounted (other than any receivables to the extent they are sold on a 
non-recourse basis); 
(e) 
the amount of any liability in respect of leases or hire purchase contracts which would, in 
accordance with applicable law and generally accepted accounting principles applicable to 
the Group, be treated as finance or capital leases; 
(f) 
the amount of any liability in respect of any purchase price for assets or services the 
payment of which is deferred for a period in excess of 90 days; and 
(g) 
without double-counting, any guarantee or indemnity in respect of indebtedness of the type 
referred to in the above items (a) – (f). 
For the avoidance of doubt, "indebtedness" shall be determined by reference to IFRS (or such 
accounting standards as are applicable to Castellum at the relevant time); 
Group means Castellum AB and its consolidated Subsidiaries; 
Net Interest Charges means (i) the number set out under the heading "Net Interest" (or equivalent 
line item) or (ii) where no equivalent single line item to "Net Interest" is included in the consolidated 
financial statements of the Group, the net amount calculated as the number set out under the heading 
"Interest Cost" (or equivalent line item) from which is deducted the number set out under the 
heading "Interest Income" (or equivalent line item), in each case as set out in the most recent annual 
or interim, as the case may be, consolidated financial statements of the Group; 
Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness means any Financial Indebtedness of Castellum or any of its 
Subsidiaries raised or issued in exchange for, or the net proceeds of which are used to renew, refund, 
refinance, replace, exchange or discharge other Financial Indebtedness of Castellum or any member 
of the Group (other than intra-Group Financial Indebtedness); provided that:

--- Page 63 ---
63 
 
 
(a) 
the aggregate principal amount (or accretable value) of such Permitted Refinancing 
Indebtedness does not exceed the principal amount (or accreted value, if applicable) of the 
Financial Indebtedness renewed, refunded, refinanced, replaced, exchanged or discharged 
(plus all accrued interest on the Financial Indebtedness and the amount of all fees and 
expenses, including premiums, incurred in connection therewith); 
(b) 
such Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness has a final maturity date, or may only be redeemed 
or repaid at the option of Castellum or any of its Subsidiaries, either (i) no earlier than the 
final maturity date of the Financial Indebtedness being renewed, refunded, refinanced, 
replaced, exchanged or discharged or (ii) after the final maturity date of the Notes; 
(c) 
if the Financial Indebtedness being renewed, refunded, refinanced, replaced, exchanged or 
discharged is expressly, contractually subordinated in right of payment to the Notes, such 
Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness is subordinated in right of payment to the Notes; and 
(d) 
if Castellum was the obligor in respect of the Financial Indebtedness being renewed, 
refunded, refinanced, replaced, exchanged or discharged, such Financial Indebtedness is 
incurred by Castellum; 
Permitted Security Interest means a Security Interest on the undertaking or assets of any Person 
existing at the time such Person is acquired by and becomes a Subsidiary of the relevant Issuer or the 
Guarantor, provided such Security Interest was not created in contemplation of such acquisition and 
the principal amount secured has not been increased in contemplation of or since such acquisition; 
Person means any individual, company, corporation, firm, unincorporated association or body, 
partnership, trust fund, joint venture or consortium, association, organisation, government state or 
agency of a state or other entity, whether or not having separate legal personality; 
Relevant Indebtedness means (i) any present or future indebtedness (whether being principal, 
premium, interest or other amounts) which is in the form of or represented by any notes, bonds, 
debentures, debenture stock, loan stock or other securities which are for the time being, or capable of 
being, quoted, listed or ordinarily dealt in on any stock exchange, over-the-counter or other 
securities market, and (ii) any guarantee or indemnity in respect of any such indebtedness; 
Secured Consolidated Total Indebtedness means such amount of Consolidated Total Indebtedness 
that is Secured Indebtedness; 
Secured Indebtedness means any Financial Indebtedness that is secured in whole or in part by a 
Security Interest granted over any assets of the Group; 
Secured Solvency Ratio means (i) the Secured Consolidated Total Indebtedness divided by (ii) 
Consolidated Total Assets;  
Subsidiary means in relation to any Person (the first Person) at any particular time, any other 
Person: 
(i) 
which is a subsidiary (Sw. dotterföretag) to the first Person, directly or indirectly, as defined 
in the Swedish Companies Act (Sw. aktiebolagslagen 2005:551); or 
(ii) 
whose financial statements are, in accordance with applicable law and generally accepted 
accounting principles, consolidated with those of the first Person; and 
Testing Date means each day which is (i) the last day of Castellum’s financial year in any year or 
(ii) the last day of the first three quarters of Castellum’s financial year in any year.

--- Page 64 ---
64 
 
 
5. 
INTEREST 
5.1 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date at the 
rate(s) per annum equal to the Rate(s) of Interest. Interest will be payable in arrear on the Interest 
Payment Date(s) in each year up to (and including) the Maturity Date. 
If the Notes are in definitive form, except as provided in the applicable Final Terms, the amount of 
interest payable on each Interest Payment Date in respect of the Fixed Interest Period ending on (but 
excluding) such date will amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount. Payments of interest on any Interest 
Payment Date will, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, amount to the Broken Amount so 
specified. 
As used in the Conditions, Fixed Interest Period means the period from (and including) an Interest 
Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest 
Payment Date. 
Except in the case of Notes in definitive form where an applicable Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken 
Amount is specified in the applicable Final Terms, interest shall be calculated in respect of any 
period by applying the Rate of Interest to: 
(a) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes which are (i) represented by a Global Note or (ii) Registered 
Notes in definitive form, the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of (A) the Fixed Rate 
Notes represented by such Global Note or (B) such Registered Notes; or 
(b) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes which are Bearer Notes in definitive form, the Calculation 
Amount, 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction. 
The resultant figure (including after application of any Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount, as 
applicable, to the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of Fixed Rate Notes which are Registered 
Notes in definitive form or to the Calculation Amount in the case of Fixed Rate Notes which are 
Bearer Notes in definitive form) shall be rounded to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified 
Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with 
applicable market convention. 
Where the Specified Denomination of a Fixed Rate Note which is a Bearer Note in definitive form is 
a multiple of the Calculation Amount, the amount of interest payable in respect of such Fixed Rate 
Note shall be the product of the amount (determined in the manner provided above) for the 
Calculation Amount and the amount by which the Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the 
Specified Denomination, without any further rounding. 
In these Conditions: 
Calculation Amount has the meaning given in the applicable Final Terms; 
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest, in accordance 
with this Condition 5.1 (Interest on Fixed Rate Notes): 
(i) 
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(A) 
in the case of Notes where the number of days in the relevant period from (and 
including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest

--- Page 65 ---
65 
 
 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (the Accrual 
Period) is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during which the 
Accrual Period ends, the number of days in such Accrual Period divided by the 
product of (1) the number of days in such Determination Period and (2) the number 
of Determination Dates (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) that would occur 
in one calendar year; or 
(B) 
in the case of Notes where the Accrual Period is longer than the Determination 
Period during which the Accrual Period ends, the sum of: 
(1) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the Determination 
Period in which the Accrual Period begins divided by the product of (x) the 
number of days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of 
Determination Dates that would occur in one calendar year; and 
(2) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next Determination 
Period divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such 
Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination Dates that would 
occur in one calendar year; and 
(ii) 
if "30/360" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the period from 
(and including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (such number of days 
being calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day months) divided by 360. 
Determination Period means each period from (and including) a Determination Date to (but 
excluding) the next Determination Date (including, where either the Interest Commencement Date or 
the final Interest Payment Date is not a Determination Date, the period commencing on the first 
Determination Date prior to, and ending on the first Determination Date falling after, such date); and 
sub-unit means, with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency 
that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to euro, one cent. 
5.2 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes 
(a) 
Interest Payment Dates 
Each Floating Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date and 
such interest will be payable in arrear on either: 
(i) 
the Specified Interest Payment Date(s) in each year specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
or 
(ii) 
if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the applicable Final Terms, each 
date (each such date, together with each Specified Interest Payment Date, an Interest 
Payment Date) which falls the number of months or other period specified as the Specified 
Period in the applicable Final Terms after the preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the 
case of the first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement Date. 
Such interest will be payable in respect of each Interest Period. In these Conditions, Interest Period 
means the period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement 
Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment Date or the relevant payment date if the 
Notes become payable on a date other than an Interest Payment Date.

--- Page 66 ---
66 
 
 
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms and (x) if there is no 
numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which an Interest Payment Date should 
occur or (y) if any Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, 
then, if the Business Day Convention specified is: 
(A) 
in any case where Specified Periods are specified in accordance with Condition 5.2(a)(ii) 
above, the Floating Rate Convention, such Interest Payment Date (a) in the case of (x) 
above, shall be the last day that is a Business Day in the relevant month and the provisions 
of (ii) below shall apply mutatis mutandis or (b) in the case of (y) above, shall be postponed 
to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar 
month, in which event (i) such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day and (ii) each subsequent Interest Payment Date shall 
be the last Business Day in the month which falls the Specified Period after the preceding 
applicable Interest Payment Date occurred; or 
(B) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be postponed to 
the next day which is a Business Day; or 
(C) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next 
calendar month, in which event such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day; or 
(D) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
In these Conditions, Business Day means: 
(a) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are 
open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in London and each Additional Business Centre (other than TARGET2 System) 
specified in the applicable Final Terms;  
(b) 
if TARGET2 System is specified as an Additional Business Centre in the applicable Final 
Terms, a day on which the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express 
Transfer (TARGET2) System (the TARGET2 System) is open; and 
(c) 
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in 
the principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (which if the 
Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars shall be Sydney and 
Auckland, respectively) or (2) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which the 
TARGET2 System is open. 
(b) 
Rate of Interest 
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Notes will be determined 
in the manner specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(i) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period

--- Page 67 ---
67 
 
 
will (subject to Condition 5.2(e) below) be the relevant ISDA Rate plus or minus (as 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any). For the purposes of this 
subparagraph (i), ISDA Rate for an Interest Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate 
that would be determined by the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as 
applicable, under an interest rate swap transaction if the Principal Paying Agent or the 
Calculation Agent, as applicable, were acting as Calculation Agent (as defined in the ISDA 
Definitions (as defined below)) for that swap transaction under the terms of an agreement 
incorporating the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as published by the International Swaps and 
Derivatives Association, Inc. and as amended and updated as at the Issue Date of the first 
Tranche of the Notes (the ISDA Definitions) and under which: 
(A) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(B) 
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(C) 
the relevant Reset Date is the day specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
For the purposes of this subparagraph (i), Floating Rate, Floating Rate Option, 
Designated Maturity and Reset Date have the meanings given to those terms in the ISDA 
Definitions. 
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms the Minimum Rate of Interest shall be 
deemed to be zero. 
(ii) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner 
in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period 
will, subject as provided below, be either: 
(A) 
the offered quotation; or 
(B) 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 
being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate (being either EURIBOR, 
CIBOR, STIBOR or NIBOR, as specified in the applicable Final Terms) which appears or 
appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page (or such replacement page on that 
service which displays the information) as at 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time, in the case of 
EURIBOR, Copenhagen time, in the case of CIBOR or Stockholm time, in the case of 
STIBOR) or 12.00 noon (Oslo time, in the case of NIBOR) (the Specified Time) on the 
Interest Determination Date in question plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final 
Terms) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the Principal Paying Agent or the 
Calculation Agent, as applicable. If five or more of such offered quotations are available on 
the Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, if there is more than one such highest quotation, 
one only of such quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is more than one such lowest 
quotation, one only of such quotations) shall be disregarded by the Principal Paying Agent 
or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, for the purpose of determining the arithmetic mean 
(rounded as provided above) of such offered quotations.  
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if, in the case of subparagraph (A) above, no 
offered quotation appears or, in the case of subparagraph (B) above, fewer than three offered 
quotations appear, in each case as at the Specified Time, the Principal Paying Agent or the 
Calculation Agent, as applicable, shall request each of the Reference Banks (as defined

--- Page 68 ---
68 
 
 
below) to provide the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, with 
its offered quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate at 
approximately the Specified Time on the Interest Determination Date in question.  If two or 
more of the Reference Banks provide the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, 
as applicable, with offered quotations, the Rate of Interest for the Interest Period shall be the 
arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place with 0.000005 being 
rounded upwards) of the offered quotations plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if 
any), all as determined by the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as 
applicable. 
If on any Interest Determination Date one only or none of the Reference Banks provides the 
Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, with an offered quotation as 
provided in the preceding paragraph, the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period 
shall be the rate per annum which the Principal Paying Agent determines as being the 
arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being 
rounded upwards) of the rates, as communicated to (and at the request of) the Principal 
Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, by the Reference Banks or any two or 
more of them, at which such banks were offered, at approximately the Specified Time on the 
relevant Interest Determination Date, deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal 
to that which would have been used for the Reference Rate by leading banks in the Euro-
zone inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR), the Danish inter-bank market 
(if the Reference Rate is CIBOR), the Swedish inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is 
STIBOR) or the Norwegian inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is NIBOR) plus or 
minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any) or, if fewer than two of the Reference Banks 
provide the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, with offered 
rates, the offered rate for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which 
would have been used for the Reference Rate, or the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided 
above) of the offered rates for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that 
which would have been used for the Reference Rate, at which, at approximately the 
Specified Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, any one or more banks (which 
bank or banks is or are in the opinion of the relevant Issuer suitable for the purpose) informs 
the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, it is quoting to leading 
banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR), the Danish 
inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is CIBOR), the Swedish inter-bank market (if the 
Reference Rate is STIBOR) or the Norwegian inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is 
NIBOR) plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any), provided that, if the Rate of 
Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this paragraph, 
the Rate of Interest shall be determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date 
(though substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period 
from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin relating to the 
relevant Interest Period in place of the Margin relating to that last preceding Interest Period).  
Reference Banks means (i) in the case of a determination of EURIBOR, the principal Euro-
zone office of four major banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market, (ii) in the case of a 
determination of CIBOR, the principal Copenhagen office of four major banks in the Danish 
inter-bank market, (iii) in the case of a determination of STIBOR, the principal Stockholm 
office of four major banks in the Swedish inter-bank market and (iv) in the case of a 
determination of NIBOR, the principal Oslo office of four major banks in the Norwegian 
inter-bank market, in each case selected by the relevant Issuer. 
(c) 
Minimum Rate of Interest and/or Maximum Rate of Interest 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Minimum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, in 
the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance with

--- Page 69 ---
69 
 
 
the provisions of paragraph (b) above is less than such Minimum Rate of Interest, the Rate of 
Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Minimum Rate of Interest. 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Maximum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, in 
the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance with 
the provisions of paragraph (b) above is greater than such Maximum Rate of Interest, the Rate of 
Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Maximum Rate of Interest. 
(d) 
Determination of Rate of Interest and calculation of Interest Amounts 
The Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, will at or as soon as practicable 
after each time at which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, determine the Rate of Interest for 
the relevant Interest Period.  
The Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, will calculate the amount of 
interest (the Interest Amount) payable on the Floating Rate Notes for the relevant Interest Period by 
applying the Rate of Interest to: 
(i) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes which are (i) represented by a Global Note or (ii) 
Registered Notes in definitive form, the aggregate outstanding nominal amount (A) of the 
Notes represented by such Global Note or (B) such Registered Notes; or 
(ii) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes which are Bearer Notes in definitive form, the Calculation 
Amount, 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the 
resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit 
being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention. Where the 
Specified Denomination of a Floating Rate Note which is a Bearer Note in definitive form is a 
multiple of the Calculation Amount, the Interest Amount payable in respect of such Note shall be the 
product of the amount (determined in the manner provided above) for the Calculation Amount and 
the amount by which the Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination 
without any further rounding. 
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in accordance 
with this Condition 5.2 (Interest on Floating Rate Notes): 
(i) 
if "Actual/Actual (ISDA)" or "Actual/Actual" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
actual number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Interest 
Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (I) the actual number of days in that portion of the 
Interest Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (II) the actual number of days in that 
portion of the Interest Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(ii) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days 
in the Interest Period divided by 365; 
(iii) 
if "Actual/365 (Sterling)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of 
days in the Interest Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest Payment Date falling 
in a leap year, 366; 
(iv) 
if "Actual/360" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 360;

--- Page 70 ---
70 
 
 
(v) 
if "30/360", "360/360" or "Bond Basis" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as 
follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 










360
1
D
2
D
1
M
2
M
30
1
Y
2
Y
360







 
where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
of the Interest Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such 
number is 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which 
case D2 will be 30; 
(vi) 
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of 
days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 










360
1
D
2
D
1
M
2
M
30
1
Y
2
Y
360







 
where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
of the Interest Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(vii) 
if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows:

--- Page 71 ---
71 
 
 
Day Count Fraction = 










360
1
D
2
D
1
M
2
M
30
1
Y
2
Y
360







 
where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
of the Interest Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless (i) that day 
is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Interest Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Maturity Date 
or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30. 
(e) 
Linear Interpolation 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated by the 
Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, by straight line linear interpolation 
by reference to two rates based on the relevant Reference Rate (where Screen Rate Determination is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms) or the relevant Floating Rate Option (where 
ISDA Determination is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms), one of which shall be 
determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available next 
shorter than the length of the relevant Interest Period and the other of which shall be determined as if 
the Designated Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available next longer than the 
length of the relevant Interest Period provided however that if there is no rate available for a period 
of time next shorter or, as the case may be, next longer, then the Principal Paying Agent or the 
Calculation Agent, as applicable, shall calculate the Rate of Interest at such time and by reference to 
such sources as the relevant Issuer, in consultation with an Independent Adviser acting in good faith 
and in a commercially reasonable manner as an expert determines appropriate. 
Designated Maturity means, in relation to Screen Rate Determination, the period of time 
designated in the Reference Rate. 
(f) 
Benchmark Event 
Notwithstanding the provisions above in this Condition 5.2, if a Benchmark Event occurs in relation 
to an Original Reference Rate, then the following provisions shall apply: 
(i) 
the relevant Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser to 
determine a Successor Rate, failing which an Alternative Rate and in either case, an 
Adjustment Spread and any Benchmark Amendments (each as defined and as further 
described below) no later than 5 Business Days prior to the Interest Determination Date 
relating to the next succeeding Interest Period (the IA Determination Cut-off Date) for 
purposes of determining the Rate of Interest (or a relevant component part thereof)

--- Page 72 ---
72 
 
 
applicable to the Notes for all future Interest Periods (subject to the subsequent operation of 
this Condition 5.2(f)); 
(ii) 
if the relevant Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting in 
good faith, determines that: 
(A) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate shall (subject to adjustment as 
provided in Condition 5.2(f)(iv)) subsequently be used in place of the Original 
Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part 
thereof) for all future payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the operation of 
this Condition 5.2(f)); or 
(B) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such 
Alternative Rate shall (subject to adjustment as provided in Condition 5.2(f)(iv)) 
subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference Rate to determine the Rate 
of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for all future payments of 
interest on the Notes (subject to the operation of this Condition 5.2(f)); 
(iii) 
if the relevant Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser, or the Independent 
Adviser appointed by it fails to determine a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative 
Rate or, in either case, an applicable Adjustment Spread, prior to the IA Determination Cut-
off Date, the Rate of Interest applicable to the next succeeding Interest Period shall be equal 
to the Rate of Interest last determined in relation to the Notes in respect of the immediately 
preceding Interest Period (though substituting, where a different Margin or Maximum or 
Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which 
applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of 
Interest relating to the relevant Interest Period, in place of the Margin or Maximum or 
Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last preceding Interest Period); 
(iv) 
if a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate is determined in accordance with this Condition 
5.2(f), the Independent Adviser acting in good faith shall determine an Adjustment Spread 
(which may be expressed as a specified quantum of, or a formula or methodology for 
determining, such Adjustment Spread), which Adjustment Spread shall be applied to the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) for each subsequent 
determination of a relevant Rate of Interest (or a relevant component part thereof) by 
reference to such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable); 
(v) 
if any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread and (in either case) the 
applicable Adjustment Spread is determined in accordance with this Condition 5.2(f) and the 
Independent Adviser acting in good faith determines (i) that amendments to these 
Conditions and/or the Agency Agreement are necessary to ensure the proper operation of 
such Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment Spread (such amendments, the 
Benchmark Amendments) and (ii) the terms of the Benchmark Amendments, then the 
relevant Issuer may also, following consultation with the Principal Paying Agent (or the 
person specified in the applicable Final Terms as the party responsible for calculating the 
Rate of Interest and the Interest Amount(s)), take necessary action to effect such Benchmark 
Amendments (and for the avoidance of doubt, the Principal Paying Agent shall, at the 
direction and expense of the relevant Issuer, consent to and effect such consequential 
amendments to the Agency Agreement and these Conditions as may be required in order to 
give effect to this Condition 5.2(f)). No Noteholder consent shall be required in connection 
with effecting such Benchmark Amendments; and 
(vi) 
the relevant Issuer shall promptly following the determination of any Successor Rate, 
Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread give notice thereof and of any Benchmark

--- Page 73 ---
73 
 
 
Amendments to the Principal Paying Agent and the Noteholders. Such notice shall be 
irrevocable and shall specify the effective date of the Benchmark Amendments, if any and 
will be binding on the relevant Issuer, the Paying Agents and the Noteholders. 
Without prejudice to the obligations of the relevant Issuer under Conditions 5.2(f)(i), (ii), (iii) and 
(iv), the Original Reference Rate and the fallback provisions provided for in Conditions 5.2(b)(ii) 
will continue to apply unless and until the Principal Paying Agent has been notified of the Successor 
Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be), any Adjustment Spread (if applicable) and 
Benchmark Amendments (if applicable), in accordance with Condition 5.2(f)(vi). 
For the purposes of this Condition 5.2(f):  
Adjustment Spread means either a spread (which may be positive or negative or zero), or the 
formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, which the Independent Adviser 
acting in good faith determines is required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative 
Rate (as the case may be) to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable in the 
circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) to Noteholders and 
Couponholders as a result of the replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate 
or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and is the spread, formula or methodology which: 
(a) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the replacement of 
the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; or 
(b) 
(if no such recommendation has been made, or in the case of an Alternative Rate) the 
Independent Adviser acting in good faith determines is recognised or acknowledged as being 
in customary usage in international debt capital markets transactions which reference the 
Original Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Rate (as the case may be); or 
(c) 
(if no such customary market usage is recognised or acknowledged) the Independent 
Adviser acting in good faith determines to be appropriate; 
Alternative Rate means an alternative to the Reference Rate which the Independent Adviser acting 
in good faith determines in accordance with Condition 5.2(f)(ii) has replaced the Original Reference 
Rate in customary market usage in the international debt capital markets for the purposes of 
determining rates of interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for the same interest period and 
in the same Specified Currency as the Notes or, if the Independent Adviser determines there is no 
such rate, such other rate as the Independent Adviser acting in good faith determines is most 
comparable to the relevant Reference Rate; 
Benchmark Amendments has the meaning given to it in Condition 5.2(f)(iv); 
Benchmark Event means:  
(a) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to exist, be permanently administered or be published 
(in the latter case, for a period of at least 5 Business Days); or 
(b) 
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the administrator or an insolvency official 
with jurisdiction over the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that it will, on or 
before a specified date, cease publishing the Original Reference Rate permanently or 
indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor administrator has been appointed that will 
continue publication of the Original Reference Rate) and (ii) the date falling six months 
prior to the date specified in (b)(i); or

--- Page 74 ---
74 
 
 
(c) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate has been permanently or indefinitely 
discontinued; or 
(d) 
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate will, on or before a specified date, 
be permanently or indefinitely discontinued and (ii) the date falling six months prior to the 
date specified in (i) above; 
(e) 
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate that means the Original Reference Rate will be prohibited from 
being used or that its use will be subject to restrictions or adverse consequences, in each case 
on or before a specified date and (ii) the date falling six months prior to the date specified in 
(e)(i); or 
(f) 
it has, or will prior to the next Interest Determination Date, become unlawful for any Paying 
Agent, Calculation Agent, the relevant Issuer or other party to calculate any payments due to 
be made to any Noteholder using the Original Reference Rate (including, without limitation, 
under the Benchmarks Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, if applicable); or 
(g) 
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate announcing that such Original Reference Rate will, on or before a 
specified date, no longer be representative or may no longer be used and (ii) the date falling 
six months prior to the date specified in (g)(i) above; 
Independent Adviser means an independent financial institution of international repute or an 
independent financial adviser with the appropriate expertise appointed by the relevant Issuer at its 
own expense. For the avoidance of doubt, an Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this 
Condition 5.2(f) shall act in good faith as an expert and (in the absence of bad faith or fraud) shall 
have no liability whatsoever to the relevant Issuer, the Paying Agents, the Noteholders or the 
Couponholders for any determination made by it pursuant to this Condition 5.2(f); 
Original Reference Rate means the originally-specified Reference Rate used to determine the Rate 
of Interest (or any component part thereof) on the Notes; 
Relevant Nominating Body means, in respect of a Reference Rate: 
(a) 
the central bank for the currency to which the Reference Rate relates, or any central bank or 
other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of the 
Reference Rate; or 
(b) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted at the 
request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which the Reference Rate relates, (b) any 
central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the 
administrator of the Reference Rate, (c) a group of the aforementioned central banks or other 
supervisory authorities or (d) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof; and 
Successor Rate means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate which is 
formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
(g) 
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amounts 
The Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, will cause the Rate of Interest 
and each Interest Amount for each Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be

--- Page 75 ---
75 
 
 
notified to the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor and any stock exchange on which the relevant Floating 
Rate Notes are for the time being listed and notice thereof to be published in accordance with 
Condition 14 (Notices) as soon as possible after their determination but in no event later than the 
fourth London Business Day thereafter. Each Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date so notified 
may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) 
without prior notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period. Any such 
amendment will promptly be notified to each stock exchange on which the relevant Floating Rate 
Notes are for the time being listed and to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices). 
For the purposes of this paragraph, the expression London Business Day means a day (other than a 
Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks and foreign exchange markets are open for general business 
in London. 
(h) 
Certificates to be final 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and decisions 
given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this Condition 5.2 (Interest 
on Floating Rate Notes) by the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, shall 
(in the absence of wilful default, bad faith or manifest error) be binding on the relevant Issuer, the 
Guarantor, the Principal Paying Agent, the other Agents and all Noteholders and Couponholders and 
(in the absence of wilful default or bad faith) no liability to the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor, the 
Noteholders or the Couponholders shall attach to the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation 
Agent, as applicable, in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and 
discretions pursuant to such provisions. 
5.3 
Accrual of interest 
Each Note (or in the case of the redemption of part only of a Note, that part only of such Note) will 
cease to bear interest (if any) from the date for its redemption unless payment of principal is 
improperly withheld or refused. In such event, interest will continue to accrue until whichever is the 
earlier of: 
(a) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Note have been paid; and 
(b) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of such Note has 
been received by the Principal Paying Agent or the Registrar, as the case may be, and notice to that 
effect has been given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices). 
5.4 
Adjustment of Rate of Interest for Fixed Rate Notes and Floating Rate Notes 
If a Step Up Rating Change and/or Step Down Rating Change is specified as being applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, the following terms relating to the Rate of Interest for the Notes shall apply: 
(a) 
The Rate of Interest payable on the Notes will be subject to adjustment from time to time in 
the event of a Step Up Rating Change and/or a Step Down Rating Change, as the case may 
be. 
(b) 
Subject to Condition 5.4(d) and 5.4(h) below, from and including the first Interest Payment 
Date falling on or after the date of a Step Up Rating Change, the Rate of Interest (in the case 
of Fixed Rate Notes) or the Margin (in the case of Floating Rate Notes) payable on the 
Notes shall be increased by the Step Up Margin. 
(c) 
Subject to Condition 5.4(d) and 5.4(h) below, in the event of a Step Down Rating Change 
following a Step Up Rating Change, with effect from and including the first Interest 
Payment Date falling on or after the date of such Step Down Rating Change, the Rate of

--- Page 76 ---
76 
 
 
Interest (in the case of Fixed Rate Notes) or the Margin (in the case of Floating Rate Notes) 
payable on the Notes shall be decreased by the Step Up Margin back to the initial Rate of 
Interest (in the case of Fixed Rate Notes) or the initial Margin (in the case of Floating Rate 
Notes). 
(d) 
If a Step Up Rating Change and, subsequently, a Step Down Rating Change occur during the 
same Fixed Interest Period (in the case of Fixed Rate Notes) or the same Interest Period (in 
the case of Floating Rate Notes), the Rate of Interest (in the case of Fixed Rate Notes) or the 
Margin (in the case of Floating Rate Notes) on the Notes shall be neither increased nor 
decreased as a result of either such event. 
(e) 
Castellum shall use all reasonable efforts to maintain credit ratings for its senior unsecured 
long-term debt from Moody's and, if an additional Rating Agency is appointed to rate 
Castellum’s senior unsecured long-term debt by or with the consent of Castellum, such 
additional Rating Agency. If, notwithstanding such reasonable efforts, any Rating Agency 
fails or ceases to assign a credit rating to Castellum’s senior unsecured long-term debt, 
Castellum shall use all reasonable efforts to obtain a credit rating of its senior unsecured 
long-term debt from a Substitute Rating Agency, and references herein to such Rating 
Agency or the credit ratings thereof, shall be to such Substitute Rating Agency or, as the 
case may be, the equivalent credit ratings thereof as specified in or determined in accordance 
with the remainder of this Condition 5.4. 
(f) 
Castellum will cause the occurrence of a Step Up Rating Change or a Step Down Rating 
Change giving rise to an adjustment to the Rate of Interest (in the case of Fixed Rate Notes) 
or the Margin (in the case of Floating Rate Notes) payable on the Notes pursuant to this 
Condition 5.4 to be notified to the Principal Paying Agent and (in accordance with 
Condition 14 (Notices)) the Noteholders as soon as reasonably practicable after the 
occurrence of such Step Up Rating Change or Step Down Rating Change, but in no event 
later than the fifth London Business Day thereafter. 
(g) 
If the rating designations employed by any Rating Agency are changed from those which are 
described in this Condition or if a rating is procured from a Substitute Rating Agency other 
than S&P or Fitch, Castellum shall determine the rating designations of such Rating Agency 
or Substitute Rating Agency (as the case may be) as are most equivalent to the prior rating 
designations of the existing Rating Agency (or Rating Agencies, as the case may be). 
(h) 
Notwithstanding any other provision contained herein, there shall be no limit on the number 
of times that the Rate of Interest may be adjusted pursuant hereto during the term of the 
Notes provided that at no time during the term of the Notes will the Rate of Interest be (i) 
less than the initial Rate of Interest or (ii) more than the initial Rate of Interest plus the Step 
Up Margin specified hereon. 
Where: 
Rating Agency, Fitch, Moody's, S&P and Substitute Rating Agency have the meanings 
given to such terms in Condition 7.6 (Redemption at the option of the Noteholders upon a 
Change of Control (Change of Control Put)); 
Step Down Rating Change means the first public announcement by Moody's and, if 
applicable, each other Rating Agency appointed by or with the consent of Castellum, after a 
Step Up Rating Change, that the credit rating of Castellum’s senior unsecured long-term 
debt is at least Baa3 in the case of Moody's and, if applicable, at least BBB- in the case of 
S&P and at least BBB- in the case of Fitch with the result that, following such public 
announcement, no Rating Agency assigns a credit rating below the aforementioned levels or

--- Page 77 ---
77 
 
 
any equivalent rating. For the avoidance of doubt, any further increase in the credit rating of 
Castellum’s senior unsecured long-term debt above Baa3 in the case of Moody's and, if 
applicable, at least BBB- in the case of S&P and at least BBB- in the case of Fitch and in 
respect of any other Substitute Rating Agency, an equivalent rating or above shall not 
constitute a further Step Down Rating Change; 
Step Up Margin means the rate per annum specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
Step Up Rating Change means the first public announcement by Moody's or, if applicable, 
any other Rating Agency appointed by or with the consent of Castellum of a decrease in the 
credit rating of Castellum’s senior unsecured long-term debt to below Baa3 (in the case of 
Moody's) or below BBB- (in the case of S&P) or below BBB- (in the case of Fitch). For the 
avoidance of doubt, any further decrease in the credit rating of Castellum’s senior unsecured 
long-term debt below Baa3 in the case of Moody's or, if applicable, below BBB- in the case 
of S&P or below BBB- in the case of Fitch and in respect of any other Substitute Rating 
Agency, an equivalent rating or below shall not constitute a further Step Up Rating Change. 
6. 
PAYMENTS 
6.1 
Method of payment 
Subject as provided below: 
(a) 
payments in a Specified Currency other than euro will be made by credit or transfer to an 
account in the relevant Specified Currency maintained by the payee with a bank in the 
principal financial centre of the country of such Specified Currency (which, if the Specified 
Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars, shall be Sydney and Auckland, 
respectively); and 
(b) 
payments will be made in euro by credit or transfer to a euro account (or any other account 
to which euro may be credited or transferred) specified by the payee. 
Payments will be subject in all cases to (i) any fiscal or other laws and regulations applicable thereto 
in the place of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 8 (Taxation) and (ii) 
any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the 
U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the Code) or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 
through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, any official interpretations 
thereof, or any law implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto (any such withholding or 
deduction, a FATCA Withholding). 
6.2 
Presentation of definitive Bearer Notes and Coupons 
Payments of principal in respect of definitive Bearer Notes will (subject as provided below) be made 
in the manner provided in Condition 6.1 above only against presentation and surrender (or, in the 
case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of definitive Bearer Notes, and payments of 
interest in respect of definitive Bearer Notes will (subject as provided below) be made as aforesaid 
only against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, 
endorsement) of Coupons, in each case at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the 
United States (which expression, as used herein, means the United States of America (including the 
States and the District of Columbia and its possessions)). 
Fixed Rate Notes in definitive bearer form (other than Long Maturity Notes (as defined below)) 
should be presented for payment together with all unmatured Coupons appertaining thereto (which 
expression shall for this purpose include Coupons falling to be issued on exchange of matured

--- Page 78 ---
78 
 
 
Talons), failing which the amount of any missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of payment not 
being made in full, the same proportion of the amount of such missing unmatured Coupon as the 
sum so paid bears to the sum due) will be deducted from the sum due for payment. Each amount of 
principal so deducted will be paid in the manner mentioned above against surrender of the relative 
missing Coupon at any time before the expiry of 10 years after the Relevant Date (as defined in 
Condition 8 (Taxation)) in respect of such principal (whether or not such Coupon would otherwise 
have become void under Condition 9 (Prescription) or, if later, five years from the date on which 
such Coupon would otherwise have become due, but in no event thereafter. 
Upon any Fixed Rate Note in definitive bearer form becoming due and repayable prior to its 
Maturity Date, all unmatured Talons (if any) appertaining thereto will become void and no further 
Coupons will be issued in respect thereof. 
Upon the date on which any Floating Rate Note or Long Maturity Note in definitive bearer form 
becomes due and repayable, unmatured Coupons and Talons (if any) relating thereto (whether or not 
attached) shall become void and no payment or, as the case may be, exchange for further Coupons 
shall be made in respect thereof. A Long Maturity Note is a Fixed Rate Note (other than a Fixed 
Rate Note which on issue had a Talon attached) whose nominal amount on issue is less than the 
aggregate interest payable thereon provided that such Note shall cease to be a Long Maturity Note 
on the Interest Payment Date on which the aggregate amount of interest remaining to be paid after 
that date is less than the nominal amount of such Note. 
If the due date for redemption of any definitive Bearer Note is not an Interest Payment Date, interest 
(if any) accrued in respect of such Note from (and including) the preceding Interest Payment Date 
or, as the case may be, the Interest Commencement Date shall be payable only against surrender of 
the relevant definitive Bearer Note. 
6.3 
Payments in respect of Bearer Global Notes 
Payments of principal and interest (if any) in respect of Notes represented by any Global Note in 
bearer form will (subject as provided below) be made in the manner specified above in relation to 
definitive Bearer Notes or otherwise in the manner specified in the relevant Global Note, where 
applicable against presentation or surrender, as the case may be, of such Global Note at the specified 
office of any Paying Agent outside the United States. A record of each payment made, 
distinguishing between any payment of principal and any payment of interest, will be made either on 
such Global Note by the Paying Agent to which it was presented or in the records of Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable. 
6.4 
Payments in respect of Registered Notes 
Payments of principal in respect of each Registered Note (whether or not in global form) will be 
made against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, 
endorsement) of the Registered Note at the specified office of the Registrar or any of the Paying 
Agents. Such payments will be made by transfer to the Designated Account (as defined below) of 
the holder (or the first named of joint holders) of the Registered Note appearing in the register of 
holders of the Registered Notes maintained by the Registrar (the Register) (i) where in global form, 
at the close of the business day (being for this purpose a day on which Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg are open for business) before the relevant due date, and (ii) where in definitive form, at 
the close of business on the third business day (being for this purpose a day on which banks are open 
for business in the city where the specified office of the Registrar is located) before the relevant due 
date. For these purposes, Designated Account means the account (which, in the case of a payment 
in Japanese yen to a non-resident of Japan, shall be a non-resident account) maintained by a holder 
with a Designated Bank and identified as such in the Register and Designated Bank means (in the 
case of payment in a Specified Currency other than euro) a bank in the principal financial centre of

--- Page 79 ---
79 
 
 
the country of such Specified Currency (which, if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars or 
New Zealand dollars, shall be Sydney and Auckland, respectively) and (in the case of a payment in 
euro) any bank which processes payments in euro. 
Payments of interest in respect of each Registered Note (whether or not in global form) will be made 
by transfer on the due date to the Designated Account of the holder (or the first named of joint 
holders) of the Registered Note appearing in the Register (i) where in global form, at the close of the 
business day (being for this purpose a day on which Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg are 
open for business) before the relevant due date, and (ii) where in definitive form, at the close of 
business on the fifteenth day (whether or not such fifteenth day is a business day) before the relevant 
due date (the Record Date). Payment of the interest due in respect of each Registered Note on 
redemption will be made in the same manner as payment of the principal amount of such Registered 
Note. 
No commissions or expenses shall be charged to the holders by the Registrar in respect of any 
payments of principal or interest in respect of Registered Notes. 
None of the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor or the Agents will have any responsibility or liability for 
any aspect of the records relating to, or payments made on account of, beneficial ownership interests 
in the Registered Global Notes or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to 
such beneficial ownership interests. 
6.5 
General provisions applicable to payments 
The holder of a Global Note shall be the only person entitled to receive payments in respect of Notes 
represented by such Global Note and the relevant Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor will be 
discharged by payment to, or to the order of, the holder of such Global Note in respect of each 
amount so paid. Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
as the beneficial holder of a particular nominal amount of Notes represented by such Global Note 
must look solely to Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, for his share of each 
payment so made by the relevant Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor to, or to the order of, 
the holder of such Global Note. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Condition, if any amount of principal and/or 
interest in respect of Bearer Notes is payable in U.S. dollars, such U.S. dollar payments of principal 
and/or interest in respect of such Notes will be made at the specified office of a Paying Agent in the 
United States if: 
(a) 
the relevant Issuer has appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United 
States with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make 
payment in U.S. dollars at such specified offices outside the United States of the full amount 
of principal and interest on the Bearer Notes in the manner provided above when due; 
(b) 
payment of the full amount of such principal and interest at all such specified offices outside 
the United States is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar 
restrictions on the full payment or receipt of principal and interest in U.S. dollars; and 
(c) 
such payment is then permitted under United States law without involving, in the opinion of 
the relevant Issuer and the Guarantor, adverse tax consequences to the relevant Issuer or the 
Guarantor.

--- Page 80 ---
80 
 
 
6.6 
Payment Day 
If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note or Coupon is not a Payment Day, the 
holder thereof shall not be entitled to payment until the next following Payment Day in the relevant 
place and shall not be entitled to further interest or other payment in respect of such delay. For these 
purposes, Payment Day means any day which (subject to Condition 9 (Prescription)) is: 
(a) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are 
open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits): 
(i) 
in the case of Notes in definitive form only, in the relevant place of presentation; 
and 
(ii) 
in each Additional Financial Centre (other than TARGET2 System) specified in the 
applicable Final Terms;  
(b) 
if TARGET2 System is specified as an Additional Financial Centre in the applicable Final 
Terms, a day on which the TARGET2 System is open; and 
(c) 
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in 
the principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (which if the 
Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars shall be Sydney and 
Auckland, respectively) or (2) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which the 
TARGET2 System is open. 
6.7 
Interpretation of principal and interest 
Any reference in the Conditions to principal in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, as 
applicable: 
(a) 
any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to principal under Condition 8 
(Taxation); 
(b) 
the Final Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(c) 
the Early Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(d) 
the Optional Redemption Amount(s) (if any) of the Notes; 
(e) 
the Change of Control Redemption Amount (if any) of the Notes; and 
(f) 
any premium and any other amounts (other than interest) which may be payable by the 
relevant Issuer under or in respect of the Notes. 
Any reference in the Conditions to interest in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, as 
applicable, any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to interest under Condition 8 
(Taxation).

--- Page 81 ---
81 
 
 
7. 
REDEMPTION AND PURCHASE 
7.1 
Redemption at maturity 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as specified below, each Note will be 
redeemed by the relevant Issuer at its Final Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Final 
Terms in the relevant Specified Currency on the Maturity Date specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
7.2 
Redemption for tax reasons 
The Notes may be redeemed at the option of the relevant Issuer in whole, but not in part, at any time 
(if this Note is not a Floating Rate Note) or on any Interest Payment Date (if this Note is a Floating 
Rate Note), on giving not less than the minimum period nor more than the maximum period of 
notice each as specified in the applicable Final Terms to the Principal Paying Agent and, in 
accordance with Condition 14 (Notices), the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), if: 
(a) 
on the occasion of the next payment due under the Notes, the relevant Issuer has or will 
become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in Condition 8 
(Taxation) or the Guarantor is unable to procure payment by the relevant Issuer and in 
making payment itself would be required to pay such additional amounts, in each case as a 
result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of a Tax Jurisdiction (as 
defined in Condition 8 (Taxation)) or any change in the application or official interpretation 
of such laws or regulations, which change or amendment becomes effective on or after the 
date on which agreement is reached to issue the first Tranche of the Notes; and 
(b) 
such obligation cannot be avoided by the relevant Issuer or, as the case may be, the 
Guarantor taking reasonable measures available to it, 
provided that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest 
date on which the relevant Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor would be obliged to pay such 
additional amounts were a payment in respect of the Notes then due or, as the case may be, a 
demand under the Guarantee then made. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition, the relevant Issuer 
shall deliver to the Principal Paying Agent to make available for inspection at its specified office to 
the Noteholders (i) a certificate signed by two Authorised Signatories of the relevant Issuer or, as the 
case may be, two Authorised Signatories of the Guarantor, stating that the relevant Issuer is entitled 
to effect such redemption and setting forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent 
to the right of the relevant Issuer so to redeem have occurred and (ii) an opinion of independent legal 
advisers of recognised standing to the effect that the relevant Issuer or, as the case may be, the 
Guarantor has or will become obliged to pay such additional amounts as a result of such change or 
amendment.  
Notes redeemed pursuant to this Condition 7.2 (Redemption for tax reasons) will be redeemed at 
their Early Redemption Amount referred to in Condition 7.8 (Early Redemption Amounts) below 
together with any interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of redemption. 
7.3 
Redemption at the option of the relevant Issuer (Issuer Call) 
If Issuer Call is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant Issuer may, 
having given not less than the minimum period nor more than the maximum period of notice each as 
specified in applicable Final Terms to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) 
(which notice shall be irrevocable (other than in the circumstances set out in the next sentence) and

--- Page 82 ---
82 
 
 
shall specify the date fixed for redemption), redeem all or some only of the Notes then outstanding 
on any Optional Redemption Date and at the Optional Redemption Amount(s) each as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the 
relevant Optional Redemption Date.  
Where the Optional Redemption Amount is Spens Amount or Make-whole Amount, any such notice 
of redemption may, at the relevant Issuer's discretion, be subject to one or more conditions 
precedent, in which case such notice shall state that, in the relevant Issuer's discretion, the Optional 
Redemption Date may be delayed until such time as any or all such conditions shall be satisfied (or 
waived by the relevant Issuer in its sole discretion), or such redemption may not occur and such 
notice may be rescinded in the event that any or all such conditions shall not have been satisfied (or 
waived by the relevant Issuer in its sole discretion) by the Optional Redemption Date, or by the 
Optional Redemption Date so delayed. Any such redemption must be of a nominal amount not less 
than the Minimum Redemption Amount and not more than the Maximum Redemption Amount, in 
each case as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
The Optional Redemption Amount will either be the specified percentage of the nominal amount of 
the Notes stated in the applicable Final Terms or, if either Spens Amount or Make-whole Amount is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, will be: 
(a) 
if Spens Amount is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the higher of 
(i) 100 per cent. of the nominal amount outstanding of the Notes to be redeemed and (ii) the 
nominal amount outstanding of the Notes to be redeemed multiplied by the price, as reported 
to the relevant Issuer by the Determination Agent, at which the Gross Redemption Yield to 
maturity or, if a Par Call Period is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Gross 
Redemption Yield to the Par Call Period Commencement Date on such Notes on the 
Reference Date is equal to the Gross Redemption Yield (determined by reference to the 
middle market price) at the Quotation Time on the Reference Date of the Reference Bond, 
plus the Redemption Margin; or  
(b) 
if Make-whole Amount is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the higher 
of (i) 100 per cent. of the nominal amount outstanding of the Notes to be redeemed and (ii) 
the sum of the present values of the nominal amount outstanding of the Notes to be 
redeemed and the Remaining Term Interest on such Notes (exclusive of interest accrued to 
the date of redemption) and such present values shall be calculated by discounting such 
amounts to the date of redemption on an annual basis (based on the Day Count Fraction 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) at the Reference Bond Rate, plus the Redemption 
Margin, all as determined by the Determination Agent.  
In this Condition: 
DA Selected Bond means a government security or securities (which if the Specified Currency is 
euro, will be a German Bundesobligationen) selected by the Determination Agent as having an 
actual or interpolated maturity comparable with the remaining term of the Notes, that would be 
utilised, at the time of selection and in accordance with customary financial practice, in pricing new 
issues of corporate debt securities denominated in the Specified Currency and of a comparable 
maturity to the remaining term of the Notes; 
Determination Agent means a leading investment bank or financial institution of international 
standing selected by the relevant Issuer; 
Gross Redemption Yield means, with respect to a security, the gross redemption yield on such 
security, expressed as a percentage and calculated by the Determination Agent on the basis set out 
by the United Kingdom Debt Management Office in the paper "Formulae for Calculating Gilt Prices

--- Page 83 ---
83 
 
 
from Yields", page 5, Section One: Price/Yield Formulae "Conventional Gilts; Double-dated and 
Undated Gilts with Assumed (or Actual) Redemption on a Quasi-Coupon Date" (published 8 June 
1998 and updated on 15 January 2002, 16 March 2005 and as further amended or updated from time 
to time) on a semi-annual compounding basis (converted to an annualised yield and rounded up (if 
necessary) to four decimal places) or, if such formula does not reflect generally accepted market 
practice at the time of redemption, a gross redemption yield calculated in accordance with generally 
accepted market practice at such time as determined by the Determination Agent; 
Make-whole Amount has the meaning given to it in Condition 7.3(b) above; 
Quotation Time shall be as set out in the applicable Final Terms; 
Redemption Margin shall be as set out in the applicable Final Terms; 
Reference Bond shall be as set out in the applicable Final Terms or the DA Selected Bond; 
Reference Bond Price means, with respect to any date of redemption, (a) the arithmetic average of 
the Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations for such date of redemption, after excluding the 
highest and lowest such Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations, or (b) if the Determination 
Agent obtains fewer than four such Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations, the arithmetic 
average of all such quotations; 
Reference Bond Rate means, with respect to any date of redemption, the rate per annum equal to 
the annual or semi-annual yield (as the case may be) to maturity or interpolated yield to maturity (on 
the relevant day count basis) of the Reference Bond, assuming a price for the Reference Bond 
(expressed as a percentage of its nominal amount) equal to the Reference Bond Price for such date of 
redemption; 
Reference Date will be set out in the relevant notice of redemption; 
Reference Government Bond Dealer means each of five banks selected by the relevant Issuer, or 
their affiliates, which are (A) primary government securities dealers, and their respective successors, 
or (B) market makers in pricing corporate bond issues; 
Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations means, with respect to each Reference 
Government Bond Dealer and any date of redemption, the arithmetic average, as determined by the 
Determination Agent, of the bid and offered prices for the Reference Bond (expressed in each case 
as a percentage of its nominal amount) at the Quotation Time on the Reference Date quoted in 
writing to the Determination Agent by such Reference Government Bond Dealer; 
Remaining Term Interest means, with respect to any Note, the aggregate amount of scheduled 
payment(s) of interest on such Note for the remaining term to maturity of such Note (or, if Issuer Par 
Call is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the remaining term up to the Par 
Call Period Commencement Date as specified in the applicable Final Terms and as if the Notes were 
to be redeemed on such day) determined on the basis of the rate of interest applicable to such Note 
from and including the date on which such Note is to be redeemed by the relevant Issuer pursuant to 
this Condition 7.3 (Redemption at the option of the relevant Issuer (Issuer Call)); and 
Spens Amount has the meaning given to it in Condition 7.3(a) above.  
In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, the Notes to be redeemed (Redeemed Notes) will (i) in 
the case of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive Notes, be selected individually by lot, not 
more than 30 days prior to the date fixed for redemption and (ii) in the case of Redeemed Notes 
represented by a Global Note, be selected in accordance with the rules of Euroclear and/or

--- Page 84 ---
84 
 
 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, (to be reflected in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
as either a pool factor or a reduction in nominal amount, at their discretion). In the case of Redeemed 
Notes represented by definitive Notes, a list of the serial numbers of such Redeemed Notes will be 
published in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) not less than 15 days prior to the date fixed for 
redemption. 
7.4 
Redemption at the option of the relevant Issuer (Issuer Par Call) 
If Issuer Par Call is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant Issuer 
may, having given not less than the minimum period nor more than the maximum period of notice 
specified in applicable Final Terms to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) 
(which notice shall be irrevocable and specify the date fixed for redemption), redeem the Notes then 
outstanding in whole, but not in part, at any time during the Par Call Period specified as being 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, at the Final Redemption Amount specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, together (if appropriate) with interest accrued but unpaid to (but excluding) the date 
fixed for redemption. 
7.5 
Redemption at the option of the Noteholders (Investor Put) 
If Investor Put is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, upon the holder of any 
Note giving to the relevant Issuer in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) not less than the 
minimum period nor more than the maximum period of notice specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, the relevant Issuer will, upon the expiry of such notice, redeem such Note on the Optional 
Redemption Date and at the Optional Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms 
together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the Optional Redemption Date. 
To exercise the right to require redemption of this Note the holder of this Note must, if this Note is 
in definitive form and held outside Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, deliver, at the specified 
office of any Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes) or the Registrar (in the case of Registered 
Notes) at any time during normal business hours of such Paying Agent or, as the case may be, the 
Registrar falling within the notice period, a duly completed and signed notice of exercise in the form 
(for the time being current) obtainable from any specified office of any Paying Agent or, as the case 
may be, the Registrar (a Put Notice) and in which the holder must specify a bank account to which 
payment is to be made under this Condition and, in the case of Registered Notes, the nominal 
amount thereof to be redeemed and, if less than the full nominal amount of the Registered Notes so 
surrendered is to be redeemed, an address to which a new Registered Note in respect of the balance 
of such Registered Notes is to be sent subject to and in accordance with the provisions of Condition 
2.2 (Transfers of Registered Notes in definitive form). If this Note is in definitive bearer form, the 
Put Notice must be accompanied by this Note or evidence satisfactory to the Paying Agent 
concerned that this Note will, following delivery of the Put Notice, be held to its order or under its 
control. 
If this Note is represented by a Global Note or is in definitive form and held through Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, to exercise the right to require redemption of this Note the holder of this 
Note must, within the notice period, give notice to the Principal Paying Agent of such exercise in 
accordance with the standard procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (which may 
include notice being given on his instruction by Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg, or any 
common depositary or common safekeeper, as the case may be for them to the Principal Paying 
Agent by electronic means) in a form acceptable to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg from 
time to time. 
Any Put Notice or other notice given in accordance with the standard procedures of Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg by a holder of any Note pursuant to this Condition 7.5 (Redemption at the 
option of the Noteholders (Investor Put)) shall be irrevocable except where, prior to the due date of

--- Page 85 ---
85 
 
 
redemption, an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, in which event such holder, at its 
option, may elect by notice to the relevant Issuer to withdraw the notice given pursuant to this 
Condition 7.5 (Redemption at the option of the Noteholders (Investor Put)) and instead to declare 
such Note forthwith due and payable pursuant to Condition 10 (Events of Default and Enforcement). 
7.6 
Redemption at the option of the Noteholders upon a Change of Control (Change of Control 
Put) 
If a Change of Control Put is specified in the applicable Final Terms, upon the occurrence of a 
Change of Control Put Event (as defined below), each Noteholder will have the option (the Change 
of Control Put Option) to require the relevant Issuer to redeem or, at the relevant Issuer's option, 
purchase (or procure the purchase of) that Noteholder's Notes on the Change of Control Put Date (as 
defined below) at the Change of Control Redemption Amount together with interest accrued to but 
excluding the date of redemption or purchase.  
Promptly upon the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor becoming aware that a Change of Control Put 
Event has occurred and, in any event, within 5 days of the relevant Issuer and/or the Guarantor 
becoming aware that such Change of Control Put Event has occurred, the relevant Issuer and/or the 
Guarantor shall give notice (a Change of Control Put Event Notice) to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) specifying the nature of the Change of Control Put Event 
and the procedure for exercising the Change of Control Put Option. 
To exercise the Change of Control Put Option, the holder of this Note must, if this Note is in 
definitive form and held outside Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, deliver, at the specified 
office of any Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes) or the Registrar (in the case of Registered 
Notes) at any time during normal business hours of such Paying Agent or, as the case may be, the 
Registrar, on any Payment Day (as defined in Condition 6.6 (Payment Day)) at the place of such 
specified office falling within the Change of Control Put Period (as defined below), a duly signed 
and completed notice of exercise in the form (for the time being current obtainable from any 
specified office of any Paying Agent or, as the case may be, the Registrar (a Change of Control Put 
Exercise Notice) and in which the holder must specify a bank account (or, if payment is to be made 
by cheque, an address) to which payment is to be made under this Condition 7.6 (Redemption at the 
option of the Noteholders upon a Change of Control (Change of Control Put)) and, in the case of 
Registered Notes, the nominal amount thereof to be redeemed and, if less than the full nominal 
amount of the Registered Notes so surrendered is to be redeemed, an address to which a new 
Registered Note in respect of the balance of such Registered Notes is to be sent subject to and in 
accordance with the provisions of Condition 2.2 (Transfers of Registered Notes in definitive form). If 
this Note is in definitive bearer form, the Change of Control Put Exercise Notice must be 
accompanied by this Note or evidence satisfactory to the Paying Agent concerned that this Note will, 
following the delivery of the Change of Control Put Exercise Notice, be held to its order or under its 
control.  
If this Note is represented by a Global Note or is in definitive form and held through Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, to exercise the right to require redemption or, as the case may be, 
purchase of this Note under this Condition 7.6 (Redemption at the option of the Noteholders upon a 
Change of Control (Change of Control Put)) the holder of this Note must, within the Change of 
Control Put Period, give notice to the Principal Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes) or the 
Registrar (in the case of Registered Notes) of such exercise in accordance with the standard 
procedures of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (which may include notice being given on 
his instruction by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any common depositary or common 
safekeeper, as the case may be, for them to the Principal Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes) 
or the Registrar (in the case of Registered Notes) by electronic means) in a form acceptable to 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg from time to time.

--- Page 86 ---
86 
 
 
A Change of Control Put Exercise Notice given by a holder of any Note shall be irrevocable except 
where, prior to the due date of redemption or purchase, an Event of Default has occurred and is 
continuing, in which event such holder, at its option, may elect by notice to the relevant Issuer to 
withdraw the Change of Control Put Exercise Notice given pursuant to this Condition 7.6 
(Redemption at the option of the Noteholders upon a Change of Control (Change of Control Put)) 
and instead treat its Notes as being forthwith due and payable pursuant to Condition 10 (Events of 
Default and Enforcement). 
Any Note which is the subject of a Change of Control Put Exercise Notice which has been delivered 
as described above prior to the expiry of the Change of Control Put Period shall be redeemed or, as 
the case may be, purchased by (or on behalf of) the relevant Issuer on the date which is the seventh 
Business Day as defined in Condition 5.2(a) (Interest Payment Dates) immediately following the last 
day of the Change of Control Put Period (the Change of Control Put Date).  
If 75 per cent. or more in nominal amount of the Notes outstanding on the date on which the Change 
of Control Put Exercise Notice is given have been redeemed pursuant to this Condition 7.6 
(Redemption at the option of the Noteholders upon a Change of Control (Change of Control Put)), 
the relevant Issuer may on not less than 30 or more than 60 days' notice to the Noteholders given 
within 30 days after the Change of Control Put Date, redeem or purchase all outstanding Notes at the 
Change of Control Redemption Amount together with interest accrued to but excluding the date of 
such redemption. 
In these Conditions:  
a Change of Control Put Event will be deemed to occur if: 
(a) 
any Person or any Persons acting in concert shall acquire (A) shares in the issued or allotted 
share capital of Castellum carrying more than 50 per cent. of the voting rights normally 
exercisable at a general meeting of Castellum or (B) the power to appoint or remove the 
majority of the members of the board of directors of Castellum (each such event being, a 
Change of Control); and 
(b) 
on the date (the Relevant Announcement Date) that is the earlier of (1) the date of the 
earliest Potential Change of Control Announcement (as defined below) (if any) and (2) the 
date of the first public announcement of the relevant Change of Control, the Notes carry:  
(i) 
an investment grade credit rating (Baa3/BBB-/BBB-, or equivalent, or better) (an 
Investment Grade Rating) from any Rating Agency (provided by such Rating 
Agency at the invitation or with the consent of Castellum) and, within the Change of 
Control Period, any such Rating Agency downgrades its rating of the Notes to a 
non-investment grade credit rating (Ba1/BB+/BB+ or equivalent, or worse) or 
withdraws its rating of the Notes and such rating is not within the Change of Control 
Period (in the case of a downgrade) upgraded or (in the case of a withdrawal) 
reinstated to an Investment Grade Rating by such Rating Agency; or  
(ii) 
a non-investment grade credit rating (Ba1/BB+/BB+ or equivalent or worse) from 
any Rating Agency (provided by such Rating Agency at the invitation or with the 
consent of Castellum) and such rating from any Rating Agency is within the Change 
of Control Period downgraded by one or more notches (for illustration, 
Ba1/BB+/BB+ to Ba2/BB/BB being one notch) or withdrawn and is not within the 
Change of Control Period subsequently (in the case of a downgrade) upgraded or (in 
the case of a withdrawal) reinstated to its earlier credit rating or better by such 
Rating Agency; or

--- Page 87 ---
87 
 
 
(iii) 
no credit rating from any Rating Agency and a Negative Rating Event also occurs 
within the Change of Control Period, 
and 
(c) 
in making the relevant decision(s) referred to above, the relevant Rating Agency announces 
publicly or confirms in writing to the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor that such downgrading 
and/or withdrawal resulted, directly or indirectly, from the Change of Control or the 
Potential Change of Control Announcement (whether or not the Change of Control shall 
have occurred at the time such rating is downgraded and/or withdrawn). Upon receipt by the 
relevant Issuer or the Guarantor of any such written confirmation, the relevant Issuer shall 
forthwith give notice of such written confirmation to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 14 (Notices) 
If the rating designations employed by Moody's, S&P or Fitch are changed from those which are 
described in paragraph (b) of the definition of "Change of Control Put Event" above, or if a rating is 
procured from a Substitute Rating Agency, Castellum shall determine the rating designations of 
Moody's, S&P or Fitch or such Substitute Rating Agency (as appropriate) as are most equivalent to 
the prior rating designations of Moody's, S&P or Fitch and this Condition 7.6 (Redemption at the 
option of the Noteholders upon a Change of Control (Change of Control Put)) shall be construed 
accordingly. 
Change of Control Period means the period commencing on the Relevant Announcement Date and 
ending 120 days after the occurrence of the Change of Control or, where a Rating Agency has 
publicly announced that the Notes are under consideration for rating review or, as the case may be, 
being assigned a solicited rating (such public announcement being within the period ending 120 days 
after the Change of Control), the later of (i) such 120th day after the Change of Control and (ii) the 
date falling 60 days after such public announcement; 
Change of Control Put Period means the period from, and including, the date of a Change of 
Control Put Event Notice to, but excluding, the 45th day following the date of the Change of Control 
Put Event Notice or, if earlier, the eighth day immediately preceding the Maturity Date; 
Fitch means Fitch Ratings Limited; 
Moody's means Moody's Investors Service Ltd; 
Negative Rating Event shall be deemed to have occurred if (i) the relevant Issuer does not, prior to 
or not later than 21 days after the occurrence of the relevant Change of Control, seek, and thereafter 
throughout the Change of Control Period use all reasonable endeavours to obtain, a rating of the 
Notes or (ii) if the relevant Issuer does so seek and use all such reasonable endeavours, it is unable to 
obtain such rating of at least investment grade (Baa3/BBB-/BBB- or equivalent or better) by the end 
of the Change of Control Period and the relevant Rating Agency announces publicly or confirms in 
writing to the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor that the failure to issue a rating of at least investment 
grade (Baa3/BBB-/BBB- or equivalent or better) was as a result, directly or indirectly, of the Change 
of Control or the Potential Change of Control Announcement (whether or not the Change of Control 
had occurred at such time);  
Potential Change of Control Announcement means any public announcement or statement by or 
on behalf of Castellum, any actual or potential bidder or any adviser acting on behalf of any actual or 
potential bidder relating to any potential Change of Control where within 180 days following the 
date of such announcement or statement, a Change of Control occurs; and

--- Page 88 ---
88 
 
 
Rating Agency means Moody's, S&P or Fitch or any of their respective successors or any other 
rating agency (a Substitute Rating Agency) of equivalent international standing specified by the 
relevant Issuer from time to time; and  
S&P and Standard & Poor's means S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited. 
7.7 
Clean-Up Call 
If Clean-Up Call is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, in the event that 75 
per cent. or more in principal amount of the Notes then outstanding have been redeemed pursuant to 
Condition 7.5 (Redemption at the option of the Noteholders (Investor Put)) or purchased and 
cancelled pursuant to Condition 7.9 (Purchases), the relevant Issuer may, having given not less than 
the minimum period nor more than the maximum period of notice specified in applicable Final 
Terms to the Principal Paying Agent and the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices), 
redeem or, at the relevant Issuer’s option, purchase (or procure the purchase of) all but not some 
only of, the Notes then outstanding at the Optional Redemption Amount specified in the applicable 
Final Terms together with interest accrued to but excluding the date of such redemption. The notice 
referred to in the preceding sentence shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for 
redemption.  
7.8 
Early Redemption Amounts 
For the purpose of Condition 7.2 (Redemption for tax reasons) and Condition 10 (Events of Default 
and Enforcement): 
(a) 
each Note (other than a Zero Coupon Note) will be redeemed at its Early Redemption 
Amount as specified in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(b) 
each Zero Coupon Note will be redeemed at its Early Redemption Amount being an amount 
calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
Early Redemption Amount = RP x (1 + AY)y 
where: 
RP 
means the Reference Price; 
AY 
means the Accrual Yield (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) expressed as a decimal; 
and 
y 
is the Day Count Fraction specified in the applicable Final Terms which will be either (i) 
30/360 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the number of days (calculated on the 
basis of a 360-day year consisting of 12 months of 30 days each) from (and including) the 
Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption 
or (as the case may be) the date upon which such Note becomes due and repayable and the 
denominator will be 360) or (ii) Actual/360 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the 
actual number of days from (and including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes 
to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which 
such Note becomes due and repayable and the denominator will be 360) or (iii) Actual/365 
(in which case the numerator will be equal to the actual number of days from (and including) 
the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for 
redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which such Note becomes due and 
repayable and the denominator will be 365).

--- Page 89 ---
89 
 
 
7.9 
Purchases 
The relevant Issuer, the Guarantor or any of their respective Subsidiaries may at any time purchase 
Notes (provided that, in the case of definitive Bearer Notes, all unmatured Coupons and Talons 
appertaining thereto are purchased therewith) at any price in the open market or otherwise. Such 
Notes may be held, reissued, resold or, at the option of the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor or the 
relevant Subsidiary surrendered to any Paying Agent and/or the Registrar for cancellation. 
7.10 
Cancellation 
All Notes which are redeemed will forthwith be cancelled (together with all unmatured Coupons and 
Talons attached thereto or surrendered therewith at the time of redemption). All Notes so cancelled 
and any Notes purchased and cancelled pursuant to Condition 7.9 above (together with all 
unmatured Coupons and Talons cancelled therewith) shall be forwarded to the Principal Paying 
Agent and cannot be reissued or resold. 
7.11 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes 
If the amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note upon redemption of such Zero Coupon 
Note pursuant to Condition 7.1 (Redemption at maturity), 7.2 (Redemption for tax reasons), 7.3 
(Redemption at the option of the relevant Issuer (Issuer Call)) or 7.4 (Redemption at the option of 
the relevant Issuer (Issuer Par Call)) or upon its becoming due and repayable as provided in 
Condition 10 (Events of Default and Enforcement) is improperly withheld or refused, the amount 
due and repayable in respect of such Zero Coupon Note shall be the amount calculated as provided 
in Condition 7.8(b) as though the references therein to the date fixed for the redemption or the date 
upon which such Zero Coupon Note becomes due and payable were replaced by references to the 
date which is the earlier of: 
(a) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Zero Coupon Note have been paid; and 
(b) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of such 
Zero Coupon Notes has been received by the Principal Paying Agent or the Registrar and 
notice to that effect has been given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 
(Notices). 
8. 
TAXATION 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes and Coupons by or on behalf of the 
relevant Issuer or the Guarantor will be made without withholding or deduction for or on account of 
any present or future taxes or duties of whatever nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of any Tax 
Jurisdiction unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. In such event, the relevant 
Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor will pay such additional amounts as shall be necessary in 
order that the net amounts received by the holders of the Notes or Coupons after such withholding or 
deduction shall equal the respective amounts of principal and interest which would otherwise have 
been receivable in respect of the Notes or Coupons, as the case may be, in the absence of such 
withholding or deduction; except that no such additional amounts shall be payable with respect to 
any Note or Coupon: 
(a) 
presented for payment in a Tax Jurisdiction; or 
(b) 
the holder of which is liable for such taxes or duties in respect of such Note or Coupon by 
reason of the holder’s having some connection with a Tax Jurisdiction other than the mere 
holding of such Note or Coupon; or

--- Page 90 ---
90 
 
 
(c) 
presented for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date (as defined below) except 
to the extent that the holder thereof would have been entitled to an additional amount on 
presenting the same for payment on such thirtieth day assuming that day to have been a 
Payment Day (as defined in Condition 6.6 (Payment Day)).  
Notwithstanding any other provision of these Conditions, in no event will the relevant Issuer or any 
other person be required to pay any additional amounts in respect of the Notes and Coupons for, or 
on account of, any FATCA Withholding. 
As used herein: 
(i) 
Tax Jurisdiction means the Kingdom of Sweden (in the case of payments by Castellum) or 
the Republic of Finland (in the case of payments by Castellum Finance) or, in either case, 
any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power to tax or any other 
jurisdiction (or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power to 
tax) to which payments made by the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor of principal and 
interest on the Notes or under the Guarantee become generally subject; and 
(ii) 
the Relevant Date means the date on which such payment first becomes due, except that, if 
the full amount of the moneys payable has not been duly received by the Principal Paying 
Agent or the Registrar, as the case may be, on or prior to such due date, it means the date on 
which, the full amount of such moneys having been so received, notice to that effect is duly 
given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices). 
9. 
PRESCRIPTION 
The Notes (whether in bearer or registered form) and Coupons will become void unless claims in 
respect of principal and/or interest are made within a period of 10 years (in the case of principal) and 
five years (in the case of interest) after the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 8 (Taxation)) 
therefor. 
There shall not be included in any Coupon sheet issued on exchange of a Talon any Coupon the 
claim for payment in respect of which would be void pursuant to this Condition or Condition 6.2 
(Presentation of definitive Bearer Notes and Coupons) or any Talon which would be void pursuant 
to Condition 6.2 (Presentation of definitive Bearer Notes and Coupons). 
10. 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT AND ENFORCEMENT 
10.1 
Events of Default  
If any one or more of the following events (each an Event of Default) occurs and is continuing: 
(a) 
if default is made in the payment in the Specified Currency of any principal or interest due 
in respect of the Notes or any of them and the default continues for a period of seven days in 
the case of principal and 14 days in the case of interest; or 
(b) 
if Castellum fails to maintain the Consolidated Coverage Ratio in accordance with Condition 
4.2(c) (Financial Covenants) and such breach continues for 90 days; 
(c) 
if the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor fails to perform or observe any of its other obligations 
under these Conditions or the Guarantee and (except in any case where the failure is 
incapable of remedy when no such continuation or notice as is hereinafter mentioned will be 
required) the failure continues unremedied for the period of 30 days next following the

--- Page 91 ---
91 
 
 
service by a Noteholder on the relevant Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor of 
written notice requiring the same to be remedied; or 
(d) 
if (i) any Financial Indebtedness of the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor or any of their 
respective Subsidiaries becomes due and repayable prior to its stated maturity by reason of 
an event of default (however described); (ii) the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor or any of their 
respective Subsidiaries fails to make any payment in respect of any Financial Indebtedness 
on the due date for payment (as extended by any originally applicable grace period); (iii) any 
security given by the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor or any of their respective Subsidiaries 
for any Financial Indebtedness becomes enforceable and steps are taken to enforce the same; 
or (iv) default is made by the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor or any of their respective 
Subsidiaries in making any payment due under any guarantee and/or indemnity given by it 
in relation to any Financial Indebtedness of any other person; provided that no event 
described in this subparagraph 10.1(d) shall constitute an Event of Default unless the 
relevant amount of Financial Indebtedness, either alone or when aggregated (without 
duplication) with other amounts of Financial Indebtedness in respect of which one or more 
of the events set out in this Condition 10.1(d) occurs amounts to at least 1 per cent. of the 
Consolidated Total Assets; or 
(e) 
if any order is made by any competent court or resolution passed for the winding up or 
dissolution of the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor or any Material Subsidiary, save for the 
purposes of reorganisation, amalgamation, adjustment or restructuring of the Group whilst 
solvent on terms previously approved by an Extraordinary Resolution; or 
(f) 
if the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor or any Material Subsidiary ceases or threatens to cease 
to carry on the whole or a substantial part of its business, save for the purposes of any 
reorganisation, amalgamation, adjustment or restructuring of the Group whilst solvent or on 
terms previously approved by an Extraordinary Resolution, or the relevant Issuer, the 
Guarantor or any Material Subsidiary becomes insolvent or is unable to, or admits inability 
to, pay its debts (or any class of its debts) as they fall due, or is deemed unable to pay its 
debts pursuant to or for the purposes of any applicable law, or is adjudicated or found 
bankrupt or insolvent; or  
(g) 
if (i) proceedings are initiated against the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor or any Material 
Subsidiary under any applicable liquidation, insolvency, composition, reorganisation or 
other similar laws, or an application is made (or documents filed with a court) for the 
appointment of an administrative or other receiver, manager, administrator or other similar 
official, or an administrative or other receiver, manager, administrator or other similar 
official is appointed, in relation to the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor or any Material 
Subsidiary or, as the case may be, in relation to the whole or any part of the undertaking or 
assets of any of them, or an encumbrancer takes possession of the whole or any part of the 
undertaking or assets of any of them, or a distress, execution, attachment, sequestration or 
other process is levied, enforced upon, sued out or put in force against the whole or any part 
of the undertaking or assets of any of them and (ii) in any case (other than the appointment 
of an administrator) is not discharged within 60 days; or  
(h) 
if the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor or any Material Subsidiary (or their respective directors 
or shareholders) initiates or consents to judicial proceedings relating to itself under any 
applicable liquidation, insolvency, composition, reorganisation or other similar laws 
(including the obtaining of a moratorium) or makes a conveyance or assignment for the 
benefit of, or enters into any composition or other arrangement with, its creditors generally 
(or any class of its creditors) or any meeting is convened to consider a proposal for an 
arrangement or composition with its creditors generally (or any class of its creditors); or

--- Page 92 ---
92 
 
 
(i) 
if the relevant Issuer (where the relevant Issuer is Castellum Finance) ceases to be a 
subsidiary wholly owned and controlled, directly or indirectly, by the Guarantor; or 
(j) 
if the Guarantee ceases to be, or is claimed by the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor not to be, 
in full force and effect, 
then any holder of a Note may, by written notice to the relevant Issuer at the specified office of the 
Principal Paying Agent, effective upon the date of receipt thereof by the Principal Paying Agent, 
declare any Note held by it to be forthwith due and payable whereupon the same shall become 
forthwith due and payable at its Early Redemption Amount, together with accrued interest (if any) to 
the date of repayment, without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind. 
10.2 
Definitions 
For the purposes of the Conditions: 
Material Subsidiary means, at any particular time, a Subsidiary of Castellum: 
(a) 
whose total assets (consolidated in the case of a Subsidiary which itself has Subsidiaries) or 
whose rental revenue (consolidated in the case of a Subsidiary which itself has Subsidiaries) 
represent in each case not less than 10 per cent. of the consolidated total assets or, as the 
case may be, consolidated rental revenue of the Group, all as calculated respectively by 
reference to the then latest audited financial statements (consolidated or, as the case may be, 
unconsolidated) of such Subsidiary and the then latest audited consolidated financial 
statements of the Group, provided that in the case of a Subsidiary of Castellum acquired 
after the end of the financial period to which the then latest audited consolidated financial 
statements of the Group relate, the reference to the then latest audited consolidated financial 
statements of the Group for the purposes of the calculation above shall, until consolidated 
financial statements for the financial period in which the acquisition is made have been 
prepared and audited as aforesaid, be deemed to be a reference to such first-mentioned 
financial statements as if such Subsidiary had been shown in such accounts by reference to 
its then latest relevant audited financial statements, adjusted as deemed appropriate by 
Castellum; 
(b) 
to which is transferred the whole or substantially the whole of the undertaking and assets of 
a Subsidiary of Castellum which immediately prior to such transfer is a Material Subsidiary 
pursuant to (a) above, provided that the transferor Subsidiary shall upon such transfer 
forthwith cease to be a Material Subsidiary and the transferee Subsidiary shall cease to be a 
Material Subsidiary pursuant to this subparagraph (b) on the date on which the consolidated 
financial statements of the Group for the financial period current at the date of such transfer 
have been prepared and audited as aforesaid but so that such transferor Subsidiary or such 
transferee Subsidiary may be a Material Subsidiary on or at any time after the date on which 
such consolidated financial statements have been prepared and audited as aforesaid by virtue 
of the provisions of subparagraph (a) above or, prior to or after such date, by virtue of any 
other applicable provision of this definition; or 
(c) 
to which is transferred an undertaking or assets which, taken together with the undertaking 
or assets of the transferee Subsidiary, generated (or, in the case of a transferee Subsidiary 
being acquired after the end of the financial period to which the then latest audited 
consolidated financial statements of the Group relate, generate rental revenue equal to) not 
less than 10 per cent. of the consolidated rental revenue, or represent (or, in the case 
aforesaid, are equal to) not less than 10 per cent. of the consolidated total assets, of the 
Group, all as calculated as referred to in subparagraph (a) above, provided that the transferor 
Subsidiary (if a Material Subsidiary) shall upon such transfer forthwith cease to be a

--- Page 93 ---
93 
 
 
Material Subsidiary unless immediately following such transfer its undertaking and assets 
generate (or, in the case aforesaid, generate rental revenue equal to) not less than 10 per 
cent. of the consolidated rental revenue, or its assets represent (or, in the case aforesaid, are 
equal to) not less than 10 per cent. of the consolidated total assets, of the Group, all as 
calculated as referred to in subparagraph (a) above, and the transferee Subsidiary shall cease 
to be a Material Subsidiary pursuant to this subparagraph (c) on the date on which the 
consolidated financial statements of the Group for the financial period current at the date of 
such transfer have been prepared and audited but so that such transferor Subsidiary or such 
transferee Subsidiary may be a Material Subsidiary on or at any time after the date on which 
such consolidated accounts have been prepared and audited as aforesaid by virtue of the 
provisions of subparagraph (a) above or, prior to or after such date, by virtue of any other 
applicable provision of this definition, 
all as more particularly defined in the Agency Agreement. 
A report by two Authorised Signatories (as defined in the Agency Agreement) of Castellum that in 
their opinion a Subsidiary of Castellum is or is not or was or was not at any particular time or 
throughout any specified period a Material Subsidiary, shall, in the absence of manifest error, be 
conclusive and binding on all parties. 
11. 
REPLACEMENT OF NOTES, COUPONS AND TALONS 
Should any Note, Coupon or Talon be lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be 
replaced at the specified office of the Principal Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes or 
Coupons) or the Registrar (in the case of Registered Notes) upon payment by the claimant of such 
costs and expenses as may be incurred in connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence and 
indemnity as the relevant Issuer may reasonably require. Mutilated or defaced Notes, Coupons or 
Talons must be surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
12. 
AGENTS 
The initial Agents are set out above. If any additional Paying Agents are appointed in connection 
with any Series, the names of such Paying Agents will be specified in Part B of the applicable Final 
Terms. 
The relevant Issuer is entitled to vary or terminate the appointment of any Agent and/or appoint 
additional or other Agents and/or approve any change in the specified office through which any 
Agent acts, provided that: 
(a) 
there will at all times be a Principal Paying Agent and a Registrar;  
(b) 
so long as the Notes are listed on any stock exchange or admitted to listing by any other 
relevant authority, there will at all times be a Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes) and 
a Transfer Agent (in the case of Registered Notes) with a specified office in such place as 
may be required by the rules and regulations of the relevant stock exchange or other relevant 
authority; and 
(c) 
there will at all times be a Paying Agent in a jurisdiction within Europe, other than the 
jurisdiction(s) in which the relevant Issuer and the Guarantor are incorporated.  
In addition, the relevant Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent having a specified office in 
New York City in the circumstances described in Condition 6.5 (General provisions applicable to 
payments). Notice of any variation, termination, appointment or change in Paying Agents will be 
given to the Noteholders promptly by the relevant Issuer in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices).

--- Page 94 ---
94 
 
 
In acting under the Agency Agreement, the Agents act solely as agents of the relevant Issuer and the 
Guarantor and do not assume any obligation to, or relationship of agency or trust with, any 
Noteholder or Couponholder. The Agency Agreement contains provisions permitting any entity into 
which any Agent is merged or converted or with which it is consolidated or to which it transfers all 
or substantially all of its assets to become the successor agent. 
13. 
EXCHANGE OF TALONS 
On and after the Interest Payment Date on which the final Coupon comprised in any Coupon sheet 
matures, the Talon (if any) forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the specified 
office of any Paying Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet including (if such further Coupon 
sheet does not include Coupons to (and including) the final date for the payment of interest due in 
respect of the Note to which it appertains) a further Talon, subject to the provisions of Condition 9 
(Prescription). 
14. 
NOTICES 
All notices regarding the Bearer Notes will be deemed to be validly given if published in a leading 
English language daily newspaper of general circulation in London. It is expected that any such 
publication in a newspaper will be made in the Financial Times in London. The relevant Issuer or 
the Guarantor shall also ensure that notices are duly published in a manner which complies with the 
rules of any stock exchange or other relevant authority on which the Bearer Notes are for the time 
being listed or by which they have been admitted to trading including publication on the website of 
the relevant stock exchange or relevant authority if required by those rules. Any such notice will be 
deemed to have been given on the date of the first publication or, where required to be published in 
more than one newspaper, on the date of the first publication in all required newspapers.  
All notices regarding the Registered Notes will be deemed to be validly given if sent by first class 
mail or (if posted to an address overseas) by airmail to the holders (or the first named of joint 
holders) at their respective addresses recorded in the Register and will be deemed to have been given 
on the fourth day after mailing and, in addition, for so long as any Registered Notes are listed on a 
stock exchange or are admitted to trading by another relevant authority and the rules of that stock 
exchange or relevant authority so require, such notice will be published on the website of the 
relevant stock exchange or relevant authority and/or in a daily newspaper of general circulation in 
the place or places required by those rules. 
Until such time as any definitive Notes are issued, there may, so long as any Global Notes 
representing the Notes are held in their entirety on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, be substituted for such publication in such newspaper(s) or such mailing the delivery 
of the relevant notice to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg for communication by them to 
the holders of the Notes and, in addition, for so long as any Notes are listed on a stock exchange or 
are admitted to trading by another relevant authority and the rules of that stock exchange or relevant 
authority so require, such notice will be published on the website of the relevant stock exchange or 
relevant authority and/or in a daily newspaper of general circulation in the place or places required 
by those rules. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given to the holders of the Notes on 
the day after the day on which the said notice was given to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. 
Notices to be given by any Noteholder shall be in writing and given by lodging the same, together 
(in the case of any Note in definitive form) with the relative Note or Notes, with the Principal Paying 
Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes) or the Registrar (in the case of Registered Notes). Whilst any of 
the Notes are represented by a Global Note, such notice may be given by any holder of a Note to the 
Principal Paying Agent or the Registrar through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the

--- Page 95 ---
95 
 
 
case may be, in such manner as the Principal Paying Agent, the Registrar and Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, may approve for this purpose. 
15. 
MEETINGS OF NOTEHOLDERS AND MODIFICATION 
15.1 
Meetings of Noteholders 
The Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings (including by way of 
conference call or by use of a videoconference platform) of the Noteholders to consider any matter 
affecting their interests, including the sanctioning by Extraordinary Resolution of a modification of 
the Notes, the Coupons or any of the provisions of the Agency Agreement. Such a meeting may be 
convened by the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor and shall be convened by the relevant Issuer if 
required in writing by Noteholders holding not less than five per cent. in nominal amount of the 
Notes for the time being remaining outstanding. The quorum at any such meeting for passing an 
Extraordinary Resolution is one or more persons holding or representing not less than 50 per cent. in 
nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned meeting one or 
more persons being or representing Noteholders whatever the nominal amount of the Notes so held 
or represented, except that at any meeting the business of which includes the modification of certain 
provisions of the Notes or the Coupons (including modifying the date of maturity of the Notes or any 
date for payment of interest thereon, reducing or cancelling the amount of principal or the rate of 
interest payable in respect of the Notes or altering the currency of payment of the Notes or the 
Coupons or amending the Deed of Covenant or the Guarantee), the quorum shall be one or more 
persons holding or representing not less than two-thirds in nominal amount of the Notes for the time 
being outstanding, or at any adjourned such meeting one or more persons holding or representing not 
less than one-third in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding.  
The Agency Agreement provides that (i) a resolution passed at a meeting duly convened and held in 
accordance with the Agency Agreement by a majority consisting of not less than three-fourths of the 
votes cast on such resolution, (ii) a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of the holders of not 
less than three-fourths in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding or (iii) consent 
given by way of electronic consents through the relevant clearing system(s) (in a form satisfactory to 
the Principal Paying Agent) by or on behalf of the holders of not less than three-fourths in nominal 
amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, shall, in each case, be effective as an 
Extraordinary Resolution of the Noteholders. An Extraordinary Resolution passed by the 
Noteholders will be binding on all Noteholders, whether or not they are present at any meeting and 
whether or not they voted on the resolution, and on all Couponholders. 
15.2 
Modification  
The Principal Paying Agent and the relevant Issuer may agree, without the consent of the 
Noteholders or Couponholders, to: 
(a) 
any modification (except such modifications in respect of which an increased quorum is 
required as mentioned above) of the Notes, the Coupons, the Deed of Covenant, the 
Guarantee or the Agency Agreement which is not prejudicial to the interests of the 
Noteholders; or 
(b) 
any modification of the Notes, the Coupons, the Deed of Covenant, the Guarantee or the 
Agency Agreement which is of a formal, minor or technical nature or is made to correct a 
manifest error or to comply with mandatory provisions of the law. 
Any such modification shall be binding on the Noteholders and the Couponholders and any such 
modification shall be notified to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) as soon 
as practicable thereafter.

--- Page 96 ---
96 
 
 
16. 
SUBSTITUTION  
The relevant Issuer, or any previously substituted company, may at any time, without the consent of 
the Noteholders or the Couponholders, substitute for itself as principal debtor under the Notes and 
the Coupons, a Subsidiary of Castellum (the Substitute), provided that no payment in respect of the 
Notes or the Coupons is at the relevant time overdue. The substitution shall be made by a deed poll 
(the Deed Poll), to be substantially in the form exhibited to the Agency Agreement, and may take 
place only if: 
(i) 
the Substitute shall have become party to the Agency Agreement mutatis mutandis, as if it 
had been an original party thereto and shall assume the obligations of the relevant Issuer 
under the Deed of Covenant relating to the Notes; 
(ii) 
the Substitute shall, by means of the Deed Poll, agree to indemnify each Noteholder and 
Couponholder against any withholding, tax, duty, assessment or governmental charge which 
is imposed on it by (or by any authority in or of) the jurisdiction of the country of the 
Substitute’s residence for tax purposes and/or, if different, of its incorporation with respect 
to any Note, Coupon or Deed of Covenant and which would not have been so imposed had 
the substitution not been made, as well as against any withholding, tax, duty, assessment or 
governmental charge, and any cost or expense, relating to the substitution; 
(iii) 
where the Substitute is not Castellum AB and in the event that all the assets and liabilities of 
Castellum AB are not assumed by the Substitute, the obligations of the Substitute under the 
Deed Poll, the Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant, the Notes and the Coupons shall 
be unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by Castellum AB substantially in the form of 
the guarantee contained in the Deed Poll;  
(iv) 
all action, conditions and things required to be taken, fulfilled and done (including the 
obtaining of any necessary consents) to ensure that the Deed Poll, the Agency Agreement, 
the Deed of Covenant, the Notes and Coupons represent valid, legally binding and 
enforceable obligations of the Substitute and (in the case of Notes issued by Castellum 
Finance) in the case of the Deed Poll of Castellum have been taken, fulfilled and done and 
are in full force and effect; 
(v) 
the Substitute, if incorporated in a jurisdiction other than England, shall have appointed an 
agent to receive, for and on its behalf, service of process in any proceedings in England; 
(vi) 
each listing authority and stock exchange (if any) on which the Notes are then admitted to 
listing or trading shall have confirmed that, following the proposed substitution, the Notes 
will be admitted to listing or trading by such listing authority or stock exchange; 
(vii) 
the Substitute shall have delivered to the Principal Paying Agent a certificate signed by two 
authorised signatories of the Substitute that the Substitute is solvent at the time at which the 
substitution is proposed to be effected; 
(viii) 
legal opinions, subject to customary assumptions and qualifications, addressed to the 
Noteholders shall have been delivered to them (care of the Principal Paying Agent) from a 
lawyer or firm of lawyers with a leading securities practice in each jurisdiction referred to in 
(ii) above and in England confirming, as applicable, (A) that the Substitute has obtained all 
necessary approvals for its assumptions of its duties and liabilities as the Substitute and, 
where relevant, Castellum AB has obtained all necessary approvals for its giving of the 
guarantee referred to in (iii) above and (B) any documents to which the Substitute is a party 
under paragraphs (i) and (ii) above and to which Castellum AB is a party under (iii) above,

--- Page 97 ---
97 
 
 
as the case may be, constitute legal, valid, binding and enforceable obligations of the 
Substitute or Castellum AB, as the case may be; and  
(ix) 
the relevant Issuer shall have given at least 14 days’ prior notice in accordance with 
Condition 14 (Notices) of such substitution to the Noteholders stating that copies, or, 
pending execution, the agreed text of all documents in relation to the substitution which are 
referred to above, or which might otherwise reasonably be regarded as material to 
Noteholders, will be available for inspection at the specified office of each of the Paying 
Agents. 
References in Condition 10 (Events of Default and Enforcement) to obligations under the Notes shall 
be deemed to include obligations under the Deed Poll.  
17. 
FURTHER ISSUES 
The relevant Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders or the 
Couponholders to create and issue further notes having terms and conditions the same as the Notes 
or the same in all respects save for the amount and date of the first payment of interest thereon and 
the date from which interest starts to accrue and so that the same shall be consolidated and form a 
single Series with the outstanding Notes. 
18. 
CONTRACTS (RIGHTS OF THIRD PARTIES) ACT 1999 
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of this Note under the Contracts 
(Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999, but this does not affect any right or remedy of any person which 
exists or is available apart from that Act. 
19. 
GOVERNING LAW AND SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION 
19.1 
Governing law 
The Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant, the Guarantee, the Notes and the Coupons and any 
non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Agency Agreement, the 
Guarantee, the Deed of Covenant, the Notes and the Coupons are governed by, and construed in 
accordance with, English law.  
19.2 
Submission to jurisdiction 
(a) 
Subject to Condition 19.2(c) below, the English courts have exclusive jurisdiction to settle 
any dispute arising out of or in connection with the Notes and/or the Coupons, including any 
dispute as to their existence, validity, interpretation, performance, breach or termination or 
the consequences of their nullity and any dispute relating to any non-contractual obligations 
arising out of or in connection with the Notes and/or the Coupons (a Dispute) and 
accordingly each of the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor and any Noteholders or 
Couponholders in relation to any Dispute submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English 
courts. 
(b) 
For the purposes of this Condition 19.2 (Submission to jurisdiction), the relevant Issuer and 
the Guarantor each waives any objection to the English courts on the grounds that they are 
an inconvenient or inappropriate forum to settle any Dispute.  
(c) 
To the extent allowed by law, the Noteholders and the Couponholders may, in respect of any 
Dispute or Disputes, take (i) proceedings in any other court with jurisdiction; and (ii) 
concurrent proceedings in any number of jurisdictions.

--- Page 98 ---
98 
 
 
19.3 
Appointment of Process Agent 
The relevant Issuer and the Guarantor each irrevocably appoints The Swedish Trade and Invest 
Council at 5 Upper Montague Street, London W1H 2AG as their agent for service of process in any 
proceedings before the English courts in relation to any Dispute and agrees that, in the event of The 
Swedish Trade and Invest Council being unable or unwilling for any reason so to act, it will 
immediately appoint another person as its agent for service of process in England in respect of any 
Dispute. The relevant Issuer and the Guarantor agrees that failure by a process agent to notify it of 
any process will not invalidate service. Nothing herein shall affect the right to serve process in any 
other manner permitted by law.  
19.4 
Other documents  
The relevant Issuer and the Guarantor have in the Agency Agreement, the Guarantee and the Deed of 
Covenant submitted to the jurisdiction of the English courts and appointed an agent for service of process in 
terms substantially similar to those set out above.

--- Page 99 ---
99 
 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds from each issue of Notes will be applied by the relevant Issuer for its general corporate 
purposes, which include making a profit, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
In particular, if so specified in the use of proceeds section of the applicable Final Terms, the relevant Issuer 
intends to apply an amount equal to the net proceeds from an issue of Notes specifically for Green Projects 
as set out in Castellum’s Green Bond Framework (as amended, supplemented or replaced from time to time, 
the 
Framework) 
which 
is 
available 
for 
viewing 
on 
Castellum’s 
website 
at 
https://www.castellum.se/en/Investorrelations/financing/green-bonds/. Such Notes may also be referred to as 
Green Bonds.  
Eligible Projects and Eligible Assets (each as such terms are defined and used in the Framework) have been 
(or will be, as the case may be) selected by Castellum from time to time in accordance with the 
categorisation of eligibility for Green Bonds set out in the Framework which sets out the added 
environmental criteria required for such issuances (the Green Terms). The criteria for qualification as an 
Eligible Project or Eligible Asset under the Framework may change from time to time. Recognising that the 
green bond market and best practices are still evolving, Castellum will strive to monitor market 
developments and, when deemed necessary, make appropriate updates to the Framework in order to reflect 
best market practice.  
Castellum has obtained a second-party opinion from Sustainalytics to confirm the Framework’s alignment 
with the International Capital Markets Association (ICMA) Green Bond Principles 2016. The second party 
opinion and the Framework are, and any updates to the Framework will be, available for viewing on 
Castellum’s website at https://www.castellum.se/en/Investorrelations/financing/green-bonds/. 
Decisions relating to the choice and financing of Eligible Projects and Eligible Assets will be made by 
Castellum’s Group Finance Department and the Sustainability Department. The allocation of proceeds from 
Green Bonds will be carefully managed and overseen by the Group Finance Department according to 
specific Green Bond procedures. 
Castellum will publish a yearly report which will describe the use of proceeds and adherence to the green 
terms set out in the Framework. The report will include details of the Eligible Projects and Eligible Assets 
including information on certain key environmental indicators (such as energy consumption and carbon 
footprint), and will be published annually and be generally available on Castellum’s website at 
https://www.castellum.se/en/Investorrelations/financing/green-bonds/ for so long as Castellum has Green 
Bonds outstanding.  
No assurance or representation is given as to the suitability or reliability for any purpose whatsoever of any 
opinion or certification of any third party (whether or not solicited by Castellum) which may be made 
available in connection with the issue of any Green Bonds and in particular with any Eligible Projects and 
Eligible Assets to fulfil any environmental, sustainability, social and/or other criteria. For the avoidance of 
doubt, neither any such opinion or certification nor the Framework are, nor shall be deemed to be, 
incorporated in and/or form part of this Base Prospectus. Neither such opinion or certification nor the 
Framework are, nor should be deemed to be, a recommendation by Castellum or any of the Dealers or any 
other person to buy, sell or hold any such Green Bonds. Any such opinion or certification is only current as 
at the date that opinion or certification was initially issued. Prospective investors must determine for 
themselves the relevance of any such opinion or certification and/or the information contained therein and/or 
the provider of such opinion or certification for the purpose of any investment in such Green Bonds. 
Currently, the providers of such opinions and certifications are not subject to any specific regulatory or other 
regime or oversight. See further information under the risk factor above headed, "Risk Factors - In respect of 
any Notes issued as Green Bonds, there can be no assurance that such use of proceeds will be suitable for 
the investment criteria of an investor."

--- Page 100 ---
100 
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF CASTELLUM HELSINKI FINANCE HOLDING ABP 
General 
Castellum Helsinki Finance Holding Abp (Castellum Finance) is an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of 
Castellum AB. Castellum Finance is incorporated under the laws of the Republic of Finland with business 
identity code 3220837-5. Castellum Finance was incorporated pursuant to a memorandum of association 
dated 28 June 2021 and was established upon registration with the Finnish Trade Register Authority on 14 
July 2021 under the Finnish Act on Limited Liability Companies (624/2006, as amended) as a public limited 
liability company. The address of its registered office and domicile is Lautatarhankatu 6, 00580 Helsinki, 
Finland and its telephone number is +358 9 25146111. 
All transactions between Castellum AB and Castellum Finance are carried out on an arm’s length basis. 
The issued share capital of Castellum Finance is ultimately beneficially owned and controlled by Castellum 
AB (through its shareholding in Fastighets AB Regeringsgatan 3). The rights of Fastighets AB 
Regeringsgatan 3 as a direct shareholder in Castellum Finance are regulated in the Finnish Act on Limited 
Liability Companies and in the memorandum of association of Castellum Finance. The management of 
Castellum Finance is organised in accordance with its memorandum of association and the laws of the 
Republic of Finland. 
Business 
According to article 3 of Castellum Finance’s memorandum of association, Castellum Finance engages in 
the business of directly or indirectly through wholly or partly owned companies acquiring, managing and 
holding participations and shares in subsidiaries. Further, Castellum Finance may also engage in financing 
activities of group companies, such as borrowing and lending, and grant guarantees or provide collateral on 
behalf of group companies' obligations. Castellum Finance may also own securities and real estate in Finland 
and abroad, issue securities and take part in other financing arrangements. As at the date of this Base 
Prospectus, Castellum Finance is planning to engage in group administration and to act as a financing 
company on behalf of Castellum AB and the Group. 
Board of Directors 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the members of the Board of Directors of Castellum Finance are as 
follows: 
Name 
Board 
member since 
Title  
Henrik Stadigh 
2021 
Board Member 
Kristina Sawjani 
2021 
Deputy Board Member 
None of the members of the Board of Directors listed above have any activities outside the Group which are 
significant with respect to the Group. 
The business address of each member of the Board of Directors of Castellum Finance is c/o Castellum Oy, 
Lautatarhankatu 6. 00580 Helsinki, Finland.  
There are no potential conflicts of interest between the duties to Castellum Finance of any of the members of 
the Board of Directors listed above and their private interests and/or other duties.

--- Page 101 ---
101 
 
 
Share Capital 
The authorised share capital of Castellum Finance is EUR 80,000 divided into 1,000 ordinary shares. The 
shares have no par value. Castellum Finance’s issued and fully paid up share capital is EUR 80,000. 
Financial Information 
Castellum Finance’s annual financial year-end date is 31 December. The initial accounting period of 
Castellum Finance commenced on 28 June 2021 (being its date of incorporation) and ends on 31 December 
2021, due to which, at the date of this Base Prospectus, it has not yet prepared any financial information.

--- Page 102 ---
102 
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF CASTELLUM 
General 
Castellum AB was incorporated on 24 September 1993 as a public limited liability company under the laws 
of the Kingdom of Sweden (Sweden) pursuant to the Swedish Companies Act (Sw. aktiebolagslagen 
2005:551) and registered in Sweden with registration number 556475-5550. The address of its registered 
office and domicile is Östra Hamngatan 16, Gothenburg, Sweden, its telephone number is +46 31 60 74 00 
and its website is www.castellum.se. Castellum was listed on the Stockholm stock exchange (Stockholm 
NASDAQ) on 23 May 1997. 
Castellum is one of the largest listed real estate groups in Sweden by reported property market value7. As at 
30 June 2021, Castellum's property values amounted to SEK 97.2 billion. Castellum owns, develops and 
manages a real estate portfolio comprising office, warehousing/logistics and public sector properties. The 
property portfolio is owned and managed under the Castellum brand through a decentralised organisation 
with a strong and clear local presence in 15 cities in Sweden and also in Copenhagen, Denmark as well as, 
after the acquisition of the real estate company Kielo in early July 2021 Helsinki, Tampere, Turku and Lahti. 
As at 30 June 2021 Castellum's property portfolio comprised 558 properties with a total leasable area of 3.8 
million square metres generating total income of SEK 5,941 million over the prior twelve month period.  
Ownership structure  
As at 30 June 2021 Castellum AB had approximately 89,000 shareholders, with 30 per cent. of shares 
registered to non-Swedish international investors. In Sweden, the lowest threshold for disclosure of holdings 
(so called 'flagging') is five per cent. of all shares or votes in a company. One Swedish shareholder, Rutger 
Arnhult, has disclosed ownership of over twenty per cent. and two foreign shareholders, APG Asset 
Management and BlackRock have disclosed a holding of five per cent or more.  
The following tables provide a summary of the consolidated statement of comprehensive income, balance 
sheet and key performance indicators of the Group for the years ended and as at 31 December 2020 and 31 
December 2019:  
Consolidated statement of comprehensive income in summary  
 
SEK million 
Jan-Dec 
2019 
Jan-Dec 
2020 
Rental income 
5,265 
5,438 
Service income  
452 
454 
Co-working income 
104 
112 
Income  
5,821 
6,004 
Operating expenses 
-711 
-654 
Maintenance 
-157 
-145 
Property tax 
-367 
-371 
                                                     
7 Based on Castellum’s calculations based on publicly available information.

--- Page 103 ---
103 
 
 
Co-working expenses 
-99 
-120 
Letting and property administration 
-374 
-379 
Net operating income 
4,113 
4,335 
Central administrative expenses 
-163 
-149 
Acquisition costs 
-9 
-25 
Interest income 
2 
6 
Interest cost  
-784 
-792 
Financing fees etc for acquisitions 
- 
-70 
Letting cost / Site leasehold fee 
-22 
-20 
Income from property management 
including acquisition costs / financing costs 
3,137 
3,380 
-of which income from property 
management* 
3,146 
3,380 
Goodwill, impairment 
-179 
- 
Changes in value  
 
 
Properties   
3,918 
3,863 
Derivatives  
-111 
-120 
Income before tax 
6,765 
7,028 
Current tax 
-165 
-247 
Deferred tax 
-950 
-1,166 
Net income for the period/year 
5,650 
5,615 
Other total net income 
 
 
Items that will be reclassified to net income 
for the year 
 
 
Translation difference of currencies etc. 
92 
-216 
Change in values on derivatives, currency hedge 
-47 
44 
Total net income for the period/year** 
5,695 
5,443 
 
* For calculation of key performance indicators see “Alternative Performance Measures and other Key Performance Indicators”, below.  
** Net income and total net income for the period/year is entirely assignable to the parent company's shareholders.

--- Page 104 ---
104 
 
 
Consolidated balance sheet  
SEK million 
31 Dec 
2019 
31 Dec 
2020 
ASSETS  
 
 
Fixed assets 
 
 
Investment properties 
95,168 
103,042 
Tangible fixed assets 
156 
170 
Leases, right-of-use 
846 
888 
Financial assets 
- 
2,729 
Goodwill 
1,691 
1,673 
Other fixed assets 
23 
30 
Total fixed assets 
97,884 
108,532 
Current assets 
 
 
Rent receivables 
70 
47 
Receivables, property sales 
3 
220 
Other receivables 
430 
554 
Repaid expenses and accrued income 
425 
402 
Cash and cash equivalents 
173 
161 
Total current assets 
1,101 
1,384 
TOTAL ASSETS 
98,985 
109,916 
 
 
 
SHAREHOLDERS’ 
EQUITY 
AND 
LIABILITIES 
 
 
Shareholders’ equity  
43,777 
48,243 
Liabilities 
 
 
Long term liabilities 
 
 
Deferred tax liability  
10,153 
11,376 
Other provisions 
5 
3

--- Page 105 ---
105 
 
 
Derivatives  
715 
1,132 
Long-term interest bearing liabilities 
40,826 
45,720 
Other long-term liabilities / lease liabilities 
846 
888 
Total long-term liabilities 
52,545 
59,119 
Short-term liabilities 
 
 
Accounts payable 
203 
126 
Tax liabilities  
256 
423 
Other liabilities  
685 
623 
Accrued expenses and prepaid income 
1,519 
1,382 
Total short-term liabilities 
2,663 
2,554 
Total liabilities 
55,208 
61,673 
TOTAL EQUITY AND LIABILITIES 
98,985 
109,916 
Pledged assets (property mortgages)  
20,903 
21,231 
Pledged assets (chattel mortgages)  
- 
- 
Contingent liabilities  
- 
- 
 
Key performance indicators  
For definitions of key performance indicators please see “Alternative Performance Measures and other Key 
Performance Indicators”, below.  
 
June 2021  
June 2020 
 
(unaudited) 
EPRA NRV (SEK million) 
61,895 
54,233 
EPRA NRV SEK/share  
227 
199 
EPRA NTA SEK/share 
219 
190 
EPRA Vacancy Rate 
7% 
6% 
Financial 
 
 
Net operating income margin 
69% 
72% 
Interest coverage ratio 
532% 
529% 
Net investments (SEK million) 
-8,986 
1,378

--- Page 106 ---
106 
 
 
Loan to value ratio (vs. total assets only) 
38% 
41% 
Property related 
 
 
Rental value, SEK/square metre 
1,629 
1,533 
Economic occupancy rate 
93.1% 
93.9% 
Property costs, SEK/square metre 
425 
363 
Property value, SEK/square metre 
25,998 
22,541 
History  
 
1997  
Castellum listed on the Stockholm NASDAQ's O-list. 
2016 
Castellum acquired Norrporten AB and divested properties in northern parts of Sweden.  
2020-2021 
Castellum divested significant parts of the logistics portfolio.  
Castellum acquired approximately 18 per cent of the shares in ENTRA ASA. 
 
Business model and Strategic Plan  
The Group's operations comprise the ownership, management, development of and investment in 
commercial premises through a decentralised and customer focused organisation with a focus on ensuring 
stable cash flow and operating with low financial risk. 
Castellum's strategic plan, which is reviewed annually by the Board of Directors, consists of a number of 
building blocks designed to achieve the overall objective of ten per cent. annual growth in income from 
property management on a SEK per share basis in order to create shareholder value.  
Castellum's objective is to create successful and sustainable workplaces in Nordic growth regions by keeping 
close to its customers and their needs, while at the same time being at the forefront of innovation in terms of 
expertise and service offerings to customers.  
Castellum has sought to implement the strategic plan through various means, in particular by ensuring that 
its sustainability work is an integrated part of the Group's daily operations, for example, ensuring that 
processes become more energy efficient and that less water is used across the Group's portfolio, as well as 
choosing renewable energy sources over non-renewable ones. Castellum also certifies all new developments 
according to various environmental standards (both international (e.g. BREEAM8) and domestic (e.g. 
Miljöbyggnad9)), as well as carrying out ecosystem surveys.  
                                                     
8 BREEAM is a leading sustainability assessment method for projects, infrastructure and buildings. It recognises and 
reflects the value in higher performing assets across the built environment lifecycle, from new construction to in-use 
and refurbishment. 
9 The Sweden Green Building Council is a non-profit organisation owned by its members, open to all companies and 
organisations within the Swedish construction and real estate sector who wish to develop and influence environmental 
and sustainability work in the industry. It has been an established member of the World Green Building Council since 
2011.

--- Page 107 ---
107 
 
 
Business strategy and operations 
At an operational level, Castellum's business strategy consists of five core elements: 
Product strategy 
The growth of e-commerce has had, and continues to have, a significant impact on the retail and logistics 
sectors. Castellum has partly pre-empted and also been actively responding to this evolution. Castellum has 
for a number of years been reducing the proportion of pure retail space in its portfolio and simultaneously 
developed its logistics portfolio. Castellum considers itself to be well positioned to take a leading role in the 
e-commerce logistics chain, due to its well-located buildings and land, including major hubs along the key 
logistics routes down to consumer handling in the major cities.  
Customer strategy 
Castellum's customers consist primarily of tenants from the following sectors: public sector agencies and 
authorities; commercial services, consultants and retail, including wholesalers. Castellum aims to tailor its 
offering to existing and potential customers by offering premises that meet the customers' specific needs and 
objectives. Castellum seeks to maintain a broad customer base that provides risk diversification across 
industry, lease maturity and the individual tenants. 
A clear customer focus is achieved through building long-term relationships, maintaining a local presence 
and providing high service levels in order to meet customer expectations. Customer requirements change 
over time and Castellum's property portfolio offers energy efficient, versatile and sustainable premises to 
meet customer requirements. In addition, Castellum aims to provide innovative solutions to changing 
customer demands. Through its customer focussed offering, Castellum's goal is to position the Group as the 
first choice for Nordic enterprises, authorities and municipalities.  
More specifically, Castellum has sought to establish an active dialogue with customers through the Group's 
team of property managers and maintenance teams who are typically employed directly by Castellum rather 
than by third party service providers. This allows Castellum both to collect data and intelligence about its 
customers' needs and to be proactive in meeting those needs. This knowledge and experience of customer 
behaviours, needs and demands provides useful insights for Castellum's innovation lab, Next20.

--- Page 108 ---
108 
 
 
The table below shows the breakdown of Castellum's commercial leases distributed by sector (as a 
percentage of total rental income) as at 31 December 2020:  
Commercial Leases distributed by customer category 
 
Portfolio strategy  
Castellum develops and manages its property portfolio to support growth in income from property 
management. Castellum initiates and implements transactions locally, regionally, nationally and 
internationally throughout the Nordic region. Castellum's properties are located in cities with strong 
economic growth in Sweden as well as Copenhagen and Finland with a focus on Helsinki, and the property 
portfolio is well-diversified in terms of regions, cities, tenants and use of premises. Castellum acquired its 
first properties in Copenhagen in 2011, and as at 30 June 2021 those properties had a market value of 
approximately SEK 5.4 billion. In 2018, Castellum also entered the Finnish market and has lately continued 
to expand its property asset base there to a current value of some SEK 7 billion with a focus on Helsinki but 
also the cities Tampere, Turku and Lahti. Castellum aims to further increase its office property portfolio in 
Helsinki over the medium-long term. 
As a result of strategic investments and divestments that Castellum has made over the past years, as at 30 
June 2021 the market value of Castellum's total property portfolio was SEK 97.2 billion.  
Castellum's strategy is to improve the quality of its portfolio through the development of new modern 
properties and also through the refurbishment and extension of its existing properties in an economically 
efficient manner while also maintaining its sustainability commitment which enables it to command rent 
increases.  
Castellum's aim is for such investments to contribute to achieving its overall growth target for income from 
property management within three years. Investments are normally financed with internally generated funds 
and external loan financing from banks as well as from the money and capital markets. 
Public Sector 26% 
Commercial services, consultants 20% 
Industrial durables and services 9% 
Retail incl. wholesales 9% 
IT: software, hardware and services 9% 
Automotive: sales, services and manufacturing 5% 
Healthcare 5% 
Bank, finance and insurance 5% 
Hotel, restaurants and leisure 4% 
Energy 3% 
Food: grocery stores and producers 2% 
Transport 1% 
Forestry 1% 
Real estate 1%

--- Page 109 ---
109 
 
 
Growth strategy  
In order to achieve the goal of ten per cent. growth in income from property management per share, annual net 
investments should amount to approximately five per cent. of the property value. Castellum's operations focus 
on growth in cash flow which, together with low financial risk are what Castellum believes to be the 
preconditions for healthy value growth in the Group alongside competitive dividends to its shareholders. To 
improve its cash flow and quality, the intention is that the property portfolio should continually be refined 
and improved through new investments as well as divestments in order to raise the quality and density of the 
portfolio. The Group aims to create sustained growth through increased rental levels, higher rents, and cost 
efficiency measures, as well as new construction, extensions and reconstructions that provide a high return and 
increase the quality of the property portfolio. In order to achieve its overall growth objective, as described 
above, Castellum has pursued investment opportunities outside Sweden, in Copenhagen and Finland with a 
focus on Helsinki. 
Funding strategy  
Castellum's goal is to maintain low financial risk. The chosen main key ratios for risk measurement are the 
loan-to-value ratio and the interest-coverage ratio. The funding strategy is further addressed in the section 
entitled “Financing and capital structure”, below.  
Development portfolio  
In order to promote long-term and sustainable growth Castellum aims to continuously refine and develop its 
real estate portfolio by investing in new developments, extensions and redevelopments, as well as making 
new acquisitions. Castellum ensures that investments must be sustainable, while meeting customer demand 
and matching tenants' requirements for premises and workplaces. New developments are gradually added to 
Castellum's real estate portfolio through the acquisition of suitable properties as well as unutilised building 
rights.  
Enhancement of the real estate portfolio requires annual investments in new developments, extensions and 
redevelopments of properties in the existing portfolio. An example of a major ongoing project is Säve 
Airport, a three million-square metre space just outside Gothenburg known as Castellum Säve which was 
acquired in 2018-2019 and is expected to be developed substantially in the coming years. In 2020 work 
began on the structural plan for the entire area and there are plans to construct an approximately 800,000 
square metre modern logistics and business premises at Castellum Säve, in stages over a ten-year period. An 
innovation cluster for developing sustainable transportation and mobility, as well as testing grounds for air 
and ground vehicles, is expected to be created in parallel with the long-term development in the area. 
Transaction Activities and Investments 
Property acquisitions and the reallocation of capital through divestments of property has been an important 
strategy for Castellum's portfolio growth and continues to be a central part of the Group's strategy, 
particularly in terms of realising its portfolio strategy. Castellum has invested SEK 67 billion over the last 
ten years (2011 – 2020), an average of SEK 6.7 billion per year. During the same period Castellum disposed 
of properties with a total value of approximately SEK 21 billion. 
Normally annual net investments amount to approximately five per cent. of the Group's total property value 
(on a rolling basis though typically with reference to the latest calendar year-end).  
Sustainability  
Castellum seeks to promote sustainable development and strives to integrate its sustainability initiatives into 
its operations. It is Castellum's aim that sustainability should characterise its entire business from ownership, 
property management and property portfolio development to customer relationships, employees and

--- Page 110 ---
110 
 
 
financing. Corporate social responsibility is crucial to Castellum's short and long-term success. Castellum's 
commitment to this goal is intended to increase profitability through having an offering with a clear 
sustainable focus (e.g. environmental certified buildings, sustainable building materials, renewable energy 
sources, nearly zero energy buildings, ecosystem services and incentives for entrepreneurs to create job 
opportunities in Castellum developments).  
In 2017, new sustainability goals were adopted by the Board of Directors and incorporated into the current 
sustainability policy. Castellum's "agenda for the sustainable city" consists of a number of on-going goals 
and sub-goals until 2030. The table below sets out the goals which are divided into four sections and which 
are measured on a quarterly or annual basis. The four sections are: future-proofing, the planet, social 
responsibility and well-being. Castellum's agenda is ambitious and includes challenging objectives such as 
achieving net-zero CO2 emissions by 2030 and reaching a gender-equal organisation for all occupational 
categories at all levels of seniority by 2030. 
Future-proofing 
 
Goal 
50 per cent. of the real estate portfolio in square metres will be environmentally certified by 2025. 
100 per cent. in all new developments and in larger redevelopments to be environmentally certified 
Ecosystem services shall be evaluated in new developments and in larger redevelopments   
The Planet  
 
Goal 
1 per cent. water-use reduction per year 
1.5 per cent. energy-efficiency improvement per year 
100 per cent. non-fossil fuel powered vehicles by 2020 
15 per cent. lower energy consumption compared with 2015 
Net-zero carbon dioxide emissions by 2030 
Net zero in Property management (Scope 1 & 2): <1.3 Kg CO2e per square metre 
Net zero in Project development (Scope 3): 15 per cent. reduction in CO2e emissions per square metre in 
new production of office. 
100 per cent. non-fossil fuel energy by 2030 
 
Social responsibility  
 
Goal 
4 per cent. of Castellum's workforce are to be apprentices on an annual basis

--- Page 111 ---
111 
 
 
Create job opportunities in projects for young people and the long term unemployed 
Bonus to entrepreneurs who hire apprentices for our projects 
100 per cent. of Castellum's employees to undergo training in Castellum’s code of conduct  
Well-being  
 
Goal 
Equality among all occupational categories by 2025 (representing women and men, 40-60 per cent.)  
20 per cent. employees with international background by 2025 
Short-term absenteeism (<2 per cent.) 
Long-term absenteeism (<3 per cent.)  
FINANCING AND CAPITAL STRUCTURE  
Castellum's overarching goal is to maintain a low level of financial risk which is reflected in a target 
average loan to value ratio not exceeding 50 per cent. and an interest coverage ratio of at least 200 per 
cent. as stipulated in Castellum's financial policy, which is set out below. As at 30 June 2021, the loan to 
value ratio was 38 per cent. (expressed in relation to Total Assets) and the interest coverage ratio was 532 
per cent.  
Castellum's funding strategy is designed to support the business operations and manage the Group's financial 
risks. This strategy is reflected in a finance policy, which is set and reviewed annually by the Board of 
Directors. The policy governs the allocation of responsibilities and risk mandates and establishes principles 
regarding monitoring, reporting, and control of financing activities and sources.  
The general funding strategy includes diversification among funding sources and securing liquidity-reserves, 
which together with strong financial key ratios and high transparency versus relevant stakeholders such as 
lenders and investors, is intended to contribute to high financial flexibility. 
The following table sets out the key requirements contained in the finance policy and Castellum’s 
performance in respect of each as at 30 June 2021.  
 
 
Policy  
Covenant 
Commitment  
Performance  
 
as at 30 June 2021 
 
Loan to value ratio (vs. 
Property value only) 
Not exceeding 50 per cent. 
Not 
exceeding 
65 per cent. 
43 per cent.  
Interest coverage ratio 
At least 200 per cent. 
At least 150 per 
cent. 
532 per cent. 
Secured debt/total assets 
– 
Not 
exceeding 
45 per cent. 
5 per cent. 
Funding risk  
 
 
 
- average capital tied up 
At least 2 years  
– 
3.7 years 
- 
proportion 
maturing 
within 1 year 
No more than 30 per cent. of 
outstanding loans and unutilised 
– 
18 per cent.

--- Page 112 ---
112 
 
 
credit agreements  
- average maturing credit 
price 
At least 1.5 years  
– 
3.0 years 
- liquidity reserve 
Committed 
credit 
agreements 
corresponding 
to 
SEK 
750 
million and 4.5 months upcoming 
loan maturities  
– 
Achieved 
Interest rate risk  
 
 
 
- average interest duration 
1.5-4.5 years 
– 
3.2 years 
- 
proportion 
maturing 
within 6 months  
No more than 50 per cent. 
– 
42 per cent. 
Credit and counterparty risk  
- rating restriction 
Credit institutions with high 
ratings, at least S&P BBB+ 
– 
 
Achieved  
Currency risk  
 
 
 
- translation exposure 
Net investments are hedged 
– 
Achieved 
- transaction exposure  
Handled if exceeding SEK 25 
million 
– 
Achieved 
Castellum's financial activities are conducted in accordance with the finance policy to meet long and short-
term funding requirements and ensure liquidity while maintaining low and stable net interest costs. 
Castellum's current external borrowing includes a combination of bank lending through revolving credit 
facilities and term-loans, and bonds issued in international capital markets as well as the domestic Swedish 
capital market, and also commercial paper issued in the domestic Swedish capital markets. In addition to 
external borrowing, Castellum manages its capital structure through share repurchases, sales of treasury 
shares and issuances of new shares to provide finance for investments as required.  
The Group manages financial risks through close control and monitoring. Financial risks are managed 
through ongoing monitoring of Castellum's financing activities which are reported quarterly to both the 
Audit and Finance Committee as well as the Board of Directors. Castellum regularly monitors future funding 
needs based on assumptions about earnings, net investment volume, property value growth and maturity 
profile of the existing debt portfolio, as well as covenants in loan agreements and interest-rate risk exposure. 
Furthermore, sensitivity analyses are conducted to understand how changes in the real estate portfolio, as 
well as movements in market interest rates and property values, affect the balance sheet and earnings. 
Interest bearing liabilities  
As at 31 December 2020, Castellum had available credit facilities totalling SEK 63,500 million* (31 
December 2019: SEK 60,604 million), of which SEK 46,894 million (31 December 2019: SEK 49,433 
million) was long-term and SEK 16,606 million (31 December 2019: SEK 11,171 million) was short-term. 
As at 31 December 2020 the average duration of Castellum's credit agreements was 3.8 years (3.8 years as at 
31 December 2019).  As at 30 June 2021 Castellum had credit facilities totalling SEK 61,574 million of 
which SEK 44,582 million was long term and SEK 16,992 million was short term. The average duration of 
Castellum’s utilised facilities was 3.7 years. 
The table below shows the structure of Castellum's interest bearing liabilities as at 30 June 2021:  
 
CREDIT MATURITY STRUCTURE (REMAINING TERM) as at 30 JUNE 2021 
Credit agreements 
Total available* 
Bank utilised  
MTN/CP 
issued** 
Total utilised 
 
(SEK million)

--- Page 113 ---
113 
 
 
0 - 1 year 
16,992 
-177 
10,870 
10,694 
1 - 2 years 
10,410 
11 
6,499 
6,510 
2 - 3 years 
12,086 
879 
6,807 
7,686 
3 - 4 years 
5,550 
11 
3,539 
3,550 
4 - 5 years 
7,721 
1,461 
3,310 
4,771 
> 5 years 
8,815 
3,350 
5,466 
8,815 
Total 
61,574 
5,535 
36,491 
42,026 
* Total available bank credit facilities plus utilised issuance under the domestic commercial paper programme and domestic medium term note 
programme and the EMTN programme. 
** Total issuances under the domestic commercial paper programme and domestic medium term note programme and the EMTN programme. 
The charts below show the composition of Castellum's interest bearing debt as at 30 June 2021. 
Distribution of Interest bearing liabilities, 30 June 2021 
 
 
 
Utilised Credit facilities, 30 June 2021  
 
 
Interest rate maturity structure   
In order to secure a stable and low net interest cash flow, the interest rate maturity schedule is distributed 
over time. As at 31 December 2020 the average fixed interest term was 2.6 years (3.3 years as at 31 
December 2019) and the average effective interest rate, excluding cost for unutilised bank credit 
Commercial Papers 17% 
Secured Credits 13% 
(SEK 5.5 Bn) 
Unsecured Credits SEK  
87% (SEK 36.5 Bn) 
(SEK 7.3 BN)
Bonds 70% 
(SEK 29.2 Bn) 
Bank loans 13%  
(SEK 5.5 Bn)

--- Page 114 ---
114 
 
 
facilities, was 1.82 per cent. (1.99 per cent. as at 31 December 2019). As at 30 June 2021 the average fixed 
interest term was 3.2 years and the average effective interest rate excluding cost for utilised bank credit 
facilities, was 1.66 per cent. Castellum utilises interest rate derivatives to achieve the desired interest rate 
maturity structure. Castellum sees interest rate derivatives as cost efficient and flexible tools to achieve the 
desired fixed interest term.   
The table below shows Castellum's interest rate maturity structure as at 30 June 2021. 
 
Maturity 
SEK 
million* 
Share (%) 
Average interest 
rate (%)** 
Average fixed interest 
rate term (years) 
0 - 1 year 
18,862 
45 
1.75 
0.2  
1 - 2 years 
3,499 
8 
0.93 
1.5 
2 - 3 years 
4,892 
12 
2.40 
2.4 
3 - 4 years 
2,296 
6 
1.38 
3.5 
4 - 5 years 
999 
2 
1.49 
4.4  
5-10 years 
11,478 
27 
1.50 
8.6 
Total 
42,026 
100 
1.66 
3.2 
 
* Including exchange rate differences for MTNs 
** Calculated on the net volume of interest-bearing liabilities and derivatives 
 
Consolidated Solvency Ratio 
The following graph sets out Castellum's consolidated total debt to total assets ratio as at 31 December in 
each of the years between 2011 and 2020 and as at 30 June 2021.  
 
 
Interest coverage ratio (Consolidated Coverage Ratio) 
The following graph sets out Castellum's interest coverage ratio as at 31 December in each of the years 
between 2011 and 2020 and as at 30 June 2021.  
 
Consolidated Solvency Ratio (%) 
Dec 2011 
Dec 2012 
Dec 2013 
Dec 2014 
Dec 2015 
Dec 2016 
Dec 2017 
Dec 2018 
Dec 2019 
Dec 2020 
Jun 2021 
60 
50 
40 
30 
20 
10 
0

--- Page 115 ---
115 
 
 
 
 
 
Secured debt in relation to total assets 
The following graph sets out Castellum's consolidated secured debt to total assets ratio as at 31 December in 
each of the years between 2011 and 2020 and as at 30 June 2021.  
 
Unencumbered assets 
As at 31 December 2020 Castellum had an Unencumbered Assets Ratio (as defined in "Alternative 
Performance Measures and other Key Performance Indicators", below) equivalent to 61 per cent. As at 30 
June 2021 the equivalent ratio was 60 per cent. 
MARKET OVERVIEW  
The Group's operations are affected by macroeconomic trends, particularly in Sweden, Denmark and Finland 
and by the development of the local property markets in those jurisdictions. Castellum considers that big 
cities provide the greatest growth potential, due to their larger population relative to other parts of the 
country, which generates and supports a larger labour market, a more diversified trade and industry structure 
and thus opportunities for research and a greater range of trade, entertainment and culture.  
The local property markets in medium-sized cities may also offer opportunities for growth as they often 
show a positive correlation with increasing economic activity, which is influenced by factors such as well-
developed infrastructure, well trained manpower, population growth and low unemployment. The recent 
macroeconomic trends in Castellum's relevant geographies have been supportive of growth, despite the 
impact of the Covid-19 pandemic. Negative effects on GDP-growth during 2020, as well as a small increase 
Dec 2011 
Dec 2012 
Dec 2013 
Dec 2014 
Dec 2015 
Dec 2016 
Dec 2017 
Dec 2018 
Dec 2019 
Dec 2020 
Jun 2021 
Dec 2011 
Dec 2012 
Dec 2013 
Dec 2014 
Dec 2015 
Dec 2016 
Dec 2017 
Dec 2018 
Dec 2019 
Dec 2020 
Jun 2021 
600 
500 
400 
300 
200 
100 
0 
Secured Solvency Ratio (%) 
Interest Coverage Ratio (%) 
50 
45 
40 
35 
30 
25 
20 
15 
10 
5 
0

--- Page 116 ---
116 
 
 
in unemployment levels, have, as at the date of this Base Prospectus not had any major negative effects on 
Castellum’s overall business.  
Competition  
Market share  
In Sweden, Castellum's market share among the 200 largest property owners amounts to approximately four 
to five per cent. for office, logistics and public sector properties in terms of value of the real estate assets 
(according to Castellum’s estimates based on publicly available information). Apart from the dozen or so 
Swedish listed companies, the largest real estate owners in Sweden are public corporations and Swedish and 
foreign institutional investors. In addition, there are also a number of smaller real estate owners such as real 
estate and construction companies, and individuals. Competition in the transaction market for properties is 
considerable in the Nordic region. The competition in Sweden differs from Helsinki and Copenhagen, where 
the competition mainly consists of institutions and larger funds.  In Helsinki and Copenhagen, foreign 
investors generally account for a larger share of the total transaction volume compared to Sweden.  
Castellum's market share in Copenhagen for offices is between 1.5-3 per cent. by value based on Castellum’s 
calculations for the central business district (CBD) or Greater Copenhagen area. Castellum's market share for 
the office market in Finland is estimated to be between 2-3 per cent. by value.  Historically the transaction 
volume in the Nordic region has been high. This has particularly been the case in Sweden over the last 4-5 
years and there has been considerable competition for attractive properties.  
Rental market  
Office properties 
In Castellum’s submarkets in Sweden, the rental market for office space showed more uncertainty in 2020 
compared to previous years due to the ongoing Covid-19 pandemic. Whilst it is still too early to conclusively 
discuss the long-term effects of Covid-19 on rental and vacancy levels, at the start of the Covid-19 pandemic 
Castellum had historically low vacancy levels and record high rental levels in all markets, and as at the date 
of this Base Prospectus Castellum continues to offer office space at similar rental levels as prior to the 
Covid-19 pandemic. Despite the persisting uncertainty, Castellum continues to conduct viewings of premises 
and conduct business transactions and in the first half of 2021, net lettings were positive. It remains to be 
seen what, if any, lasting consequences the Covid-19 pandemic will have on tenant behaviour and 
requirements and thus on demand for office space.  
Rental levels remained stable in the Swedish major cities Stockholm, Gothenburg and Malmö in 2020 and 
the first half of 2021 as a result of continued low vacancy rates in the CBDs and the most attractive sub-
markets. In the short term, the offering of new construction will be limited and primarily let in advance. 
Office rents in regional cities have remained stable in 2021. In Helsinki’s CBD, office rents remained stable 
in 2020 and consolidated on previous levels in the first half of 2021. Whilst strong demand has spread from 
the CBD in Helsinki to the surrounding areas, there is a higher vacancy rate in secondary areas, as well as in 
properties of lower quality. In Copenhagen’s CBD, office rents also remained stable in the first half of 2021. 
The high number of access to land and building rights in and around the city, however, tends to be a limiting 
factor for rent potential. 
Logistics and warehouse facilities 
The warehouse and logistics property segment is experiencing strong demand, based mainly on the growth in 
e-commerce. The strongest underlying factor driving logistics market performance in 2020 was the 
continuing shift from retail space to storage space. The Covid-19 pandemic accelerated this process, and the 
structural changes have been constant over time. Increasing demands from consumers for shorter lead times 
from ordering a product online to receiving the product, results in particularly strong demand and rental 
growth of warehouse and logistics properties with goods sorting yards located close to the city centres with

--- Page 117 ---
117 
 
 
easy access to densely populated areas – so called “last mile” hubs. If Sweden continues to follow more 
mature markets where goods can be delivered within one hour, the logistics market is expected to continue to 
transform at a high pace and demand is expected to increase. 
Demand for logistics facilities has historically been and is still highest in the Gothenburg area, where the 
largest port in the Nordics is located. Other strategic logistic locations in Sweden include the Greater 
Stockholm area, Örebro, Helsingborg, Malmö and Jönköping areas. 
Larger, general purposes logistic facilities which do not need to be city-proximate and where land is 
available for new construction have shown a stable to slightly growing rent trend over the past three or four 
years, while the "last mile-segment" has seen more profound growth in rent levels due to an increase in 
demand combined with a lack of available land for building new logistic facilities close to the bigger cities.  
New developments in Sweden continue with approximately 550,000 square metres (properties >10,000 
square metres) being completed in 2020 (2019: 650,000 square metres, which was slightly short of the record 
volumes produced in 2018). A total of almost 780,000 square metres (properties >10,000 square metres) is 
expected to be delivered in Sweden in 2021 according to Inteligent Logistik. The majority of new 
developments are constructed in the regions of Östergötland and Öresund. Between 2009 and 2020, 
Stockholm and Gothenburg accounted for almost 50 per cent. of the total construction in Sweden. Despite 
the increase in construction volumes, vacancy rates continue to be at low levels due to strong demand.10 
Transaction market  
The property transactions market remained strong in 2020 and during the first half of 2021, despite increased 
uncertainty due to the Covid-19 pandemic and the fact that the full macroeconomic effects of the Covid-19 
pandemic remain uncertain. Interest from investors in the Swedish property market remained strong, 
especially in regards to those property market categories with secure cash flows, such as public sector 
properties and logistics properties.  
The table below shows the market yield in Castellum’s key cities in the office segment over the past ten 
years: 
 
 
Yield (per cent.) 
Year 
Stockholm (1) 
Gothenburg (1) 
Malmö (1) 
Copenhagen (2) 
Helsinki (2)  
2011 
4.75 
5.5 
5.75 
5.00 
5.00 
2012 
4.7 
5.5 
5.75 
5.00 
5.00 
2013 
4.7 
5.5 
5.75 
5.00 
5.00 
2014 
4.4 
5.25 
5.5 
4.75 
4.75 
2015 
3.75 
4.5 
5 
4.50 
4.50 
2016 
3.5 
4.25 
4.25 
4.25 
4.25 
2017 
3.25 
4.00 
4.25 
4.00 
4.00 
2018 
3.25 
3.8 
4.25 
3.75 
3.60 
                                                     
10 Unless otherwise indicated, data included in the "Rental Market" section represents Castellum’s assessment based on 
publicly available information.

--- Page 118 ---
118 
 
 
2019 
3.25 
3.8 
4.25 
3.75 
3.4 
2020 
3.25 
3.8 
4.25 
3.50 
3.4 
(1) Source: Forum Fastighetsekonomi. 
(2) Source: Jones Lang Lasalle. 
The volume of transactions with a transaction value of over SEK 40 million in Sweden during 2020 totalled 
approximately SEK 183 billion (compared to SEK 218 billion for 2019) with over 447 transactions 
(compared to 440 transactions in 2019). The transaction market has remained strong in 2021; during the first 
half of 2021, major portfolio transactions continued to take place in the warehouse/logistics segment at 
historically low yields and several transactions were also concluded in the office segment at favourable 
levels. 
The share of foreign investors in 2020 was approximately 27 per cent., which was a historically high figure 
and demonstrates that the Nordic property market remains attractive to international investors.  
In Castellum’s Swedish markets (Stockholm, Gothenburg, Uppsala and Malmö) the required yield for office 
properties remained stable during 2020, however the number of comparative transactions following the 
outbreak of the Covid-19 pandemic has remained somewhat limited for the office segment. Properties with 
secure cash flows such as public sector properties, and compound property portfolios that generate healthy 
cash flows, are attractive to investors in the low interest rate environment, which results in falling required 
yields. 
Warehouse and logistics properties continue to attract a growing number of both domestic and international 
investors, driven largely by the growth of e-commerce, a trend that has strengthened during the Covid-19 
pandemic. Low levels of supply among attractive logistics properties, together with high investor demand, 
resulted in a fall in required yields in 2020.  
In Denmark, the transaction volumes in the property market totalled approximately DKK 65 billion in 2020 
and the mood among investors remains strong. The required yield for offices in the CBD in Copenhagen 
remained stable around 3.5 per cent in the first half of 2021. 
In Finland, the transaction volume in the Finnish property market totalled approximately EUR 5.0 billion in 
2020. There is considerable demand among investors for the most attractive objects, and the required yield 
for offices in the CBD of Helsinki is estimated to be 3.4 per cent., which is roughly on a level with 
Stockholm. Increased investor interest has been noted for secondary and development properties as well.11 
PROPERTY PORTFOLIO 
The Castellum property portfolio is located in expected growth areas in Sweden, Finland with a focus on 
Helsinki, and Copenhagen in Denmark. As at 30 June 2021 the commercial portfolio consisted of 54 per 
cent. offices, 19 per cent. public sector properties (customers that are directly or indirectly tax funded), 12 
per cent. warehouse and logistics, 7 per cent. retail and 2 per cent. light industry. This refers to the property's 
primary rental value with regard to the type of premises.  
Property locations range from inner-city sites to well-situated working-areas with good public transportation 
and services. The remaining 6 per cent. consists of developments and undeveloped land.  
                                                     
11 All data in the "Transaction market" section has been sourced from Newsec except for (i) data relating to Finland 
which has been sourced from KTI, Finland and (ii) the yield data contained in the table which is as per the footnotes 
below the table.

--- Page 119 ---
119 
 
 
Castellum's property portfolio as at 30 June 2021 
Below is a table illustrating Castellum's regions with focus on the distribution of properties.   
 
 
 
30 June 2021 
January-June 2021 
Category 
No. of 
properties 
Area 
thousand 
sq.m. 
Property 
value, 
MSEK 
NOI SEK/ 
sq. m. 
Rental 
value, 
MSEK 
NOI SEK/ 
sq. m. 
Occupan
cy rate 
Income, 
MSEK  
Property 
costs, 
MSEK 
NOI SEK/ 
sq. m. 
Net 
operating 
income 
MSEK 
 
OFFICES 
Stockholm 
33 
323 
16,450 
50,900 
410 
2,537 
90.9% 
369 
74 
459 
295 
West 
63 
360 
11,234 
31,207 
333 
1,848 
89.6% 
302 
64 
355 
238 
Central 
77 
536 
11,321 
21,131 
431 
1,611 
91.9% 
392 
100 
371 
292 
Öresund 
25 
128 
5,824 
26,699 
209 
1,919 
92.8% 
189 
41 
377 
148 
North 
2 
5 
103 
20,506 
4 
1,618 
97.1% 
4 
1 
467 
3 
Denmark 
15 
148 
4,628 
31,249 
153 
2,061 
92.6% 
137 
38 
516 
99 
Finland 
7 
58 
2,758 
47,419 
79 
2,707 
93.8% 
71 
21 
710 
50 
Total Office 
222 
1,648 
52,318 
31,739 
1,619 
1,964 
91.5% 
1,464 
339 
411 
1,125 
PUBLIC SECTOR 
PROPERTIES 
Stockholm 
9 
61 
3,363 
54,686 
83 
2,689 
98.4% 
80 
12 
385 
68 
West 
11 
77 
1,593 
20,653 
52 
1,360 
91.3% 
47 
9 
226 
38 
Central 
30 
283 
7,874 
27,865 
248 
1,756 
96.5% 
238 
50 
355 
188 
Öresund 
8 
86 
3,086 
35,948 
89 
2080 
98.5% 
88 
13 
303 
75 
North 
10 
100 
2,102 
20.985 
76 
1,510 
97.1% 
75 
14 
286 
61 
Denmark 
1 
12 
620 
51,305 
15 
2,535 
98.6% 
15 
2 
404 
13 
Total Public 
sector properties 
69 
619 
18,638 
30,095 
563 
1,820 
96.7% 
543 
100 
325 
443 
 
WAREHOUSE/LOGISTICS 
Stockholm 
20 
119 
2,960 
24,936 
78 
1,320 
94.3% 
72 
12 
199 
60 
West 
53 
445 
6,339 
14,242 
196 
881 
92.5% 
176 
37 
166 
139 
Central 
18 
101 
1,082 
10,741 
41 
803 
86.3% 
35 
9 
172 
26 
Öresund 
22 
119 
1,543 
13,015 
55 
919 
92.4% 
49 
10 
175 
39 
Denmark 
1 
18 
164 
8,968 
7 
811 
76.5% 
6 
3 
288 
3 
Total 
Warehouse/Logist
ics 
114 
802 
12,088 
15,084 
377 
940 
91.9% 
338 
71 
176 
267 
RETAIL 
Stockholm 
23 
131 
3,207 
24,470 
107 
1,636 
98.8% 
103 
13 
199 
90 
West 
11 
50 
1,097 
21,741 
38 
1,502 
97.5% 
37 
3 
128 
34 
Central 
22 
118 
1,909 
16,242 
77 
1,317 
97.5% 
74 
15 
255 
59 
Öresund 
12 
51 
944 
18,672 
39 
1,538 
87.7% 
33 
8 
309 
25 
Total Retail 
68 
350 
7,157 
20,467 
261 
1,496 
96.6% 
247 
39 
224 
208 
LIGHT INDUSTRY 
Stockholm 
11 
40 
748 
18,955 
24 
1,204 
96.4% 
23 
5 
257 
18 
West 
11 
39 
485 
12,347 
17 
865 
95.1% 
16 
3 
152 
13 
Central 
8 
23 
317 
13,584 
11 
992 
97.9% 
11 
3 
222 
8 
Öresund 
1 
13 
129 
6 
6 
856 
83.7% 
5 
1 
163 
4 
Total Light 
industry 
31 
115 
1.679 
14,554 
58 
1,007 
95.1% 
55 
12 
205 
43 
Total investment 
properties 
504 
3,534 
91,880 
25,998 
2,878 
1,629 
93.1% 
2,647 
561 
317 
2,086 
Lettings and property administration expenses 
 
 
 
 
 
191 
108 
-191 
Total after lettings and property administration 
 
 
 
 
 
752 
425 
1,895 
Projects 
36 
267 
4,785 
– 
- 
68 
– 
45 
18 
– 
27 
Undeveloped land 
18 
– 
585 
– 
– 
– 
– 
– 
– 
– 
– 
Total 
558 
3,801 
97,250 
2,946 
– 
– 
– 
2,692 
770 
– 
1,922 
The table above relates to the properties owned by Castellum at the end of the period and reflects the income and costs of the properties as if they had 
been owned during the entire period. The discrepancy between the net operating income of MSEK 1,922 reported and the net operating income of 
MSEK 2,304 in the income statement is explained by the deduction of the net operating income of on properties sold during the period, by the MSEK 
2 upward adjustment of the net operating income on properties acquired/completed during the period, which are recalculated as if they had been 
owned or completed during the whole period and the exclusion of MSEK -13 from the coworking company.

--- Page 120 ---
120 
 
 
Property valuation  
Castellum undertakes internal valuations of the entire property portfolio on a quarterly basis.  Castellum 
records the investment properties at fair value and had as of 31 December 2020 conducted internal valuations 
of all properties in its portfolio. The valuations were carried out in a uniform manner, based on a 10-year 
cash flow model and on an individual assessment for each property, reflecting both future earnings capacity 
and required market yield. In the valuation of a property’s future earnings capacity, consideration is taken of 
potential changes in rental levels, occupancy rates and property costs as well as an assumed inflation level of 
1.5 per cent. Property valuations are calculations performed according to accepted principles and on the basis 
of certain assumptions, including a value range of +/- 5-10 per cent. to reflect the uncertainty existing in the 
various assumptions and calculations 
In order to corroborate the internal valuations, Castellum arranges valuations by external providers of at least 
50 per cent. by value of the portfolio each year, carried out pursuant to professional industry standards. As at 
31 December 2020 (the date of the latest external valuation) Forum Fastighetsekonomi in Sweden, and 
CBRE in Denmark had between them valued 54 per cent. of Castellum’s property portfolio and these reports 
showed a net deviation for the portfolio being approximately SEK 746 million lower in aggregate than 
Castellum’s internal valuations (a net deviation of 1.4 per cent.).  
Portfolio and asset management initiatives 
While Castellum has an overarching portfolio strategy, it also has more nuanced asset management 
initiatives in each of its geographic regions, driven by specific regional challenges and opportunities. The 
table below summarises the key initiatives in each region:

--- Page 121 ---
121 
 
 
 
Stockholm 
 
Ongoing portfolio recycling to move the concentration of the portfolio to more 
central locations.  
 
A focus on strong net leasing and renegotiating (due to the strong rental market). 
 
Active role in urban development: looking for land and projects to develop. 
Öresund 
 
Ongoing portfolio recycling to achieve a higher density in specific locations.  
 
Active role in urban development: looking for land and projects to develop. 
West 
 
Active role in urban development: looking for land and projects to develop. 
 
A focus on strong net leasing and renegotiating (due to the strong rental market). 
 
Ongoing portfolio recycling to achieve a higher density in specific locations. 
North 
 
Active role in urban development: looking for land and projects to develop. 
Central 
 
A focus on strong net leasing and renegotiating (due to the strong rental market). 
 
Active role in urban development: looking for land and projects to develop. 
Helsinki 
 
Grow the office and logistics segment and over time to become one of the biggest 
real estate owners major Finnish growth areas/cities. 
Tenants and lease structure  
Total income 
The total income, including services income, as at 31 December 2020 amounted to SEK 6,004 million (31 
December 2019: SEK 5,821 million). Total average rental level for the total portfolio, including charged 
heating, cooling and property tax amounted to SEK 1,538 per square metre as at 31 December 2020 (31 
December 2019: SEK 1,495).  
Rental levels have in the comparable portfolio increased by approximately 2 per cent. compared with 2019 
levels, which has been driven by, inter alia, indexation and renegotiations carried out. The chart below 
shows the average rent per square metre across Castellum’s property portfolio over the past ten years.

--- Page 122 ---
122 
 
 
 
The chart below shows the rental income broken down by geographic region as at 31 December 2020. 
 
Region 
Total rental income (SEK million) 
Central 
1,595 
West 
1,365 
Öresund 
1,262 
Stockholm-North 
1,611 
Finland 
59 
Co-working 
112 
Total 
6,004 
Tenants and customers 
Castellum’s property portfolio is well distributed over various segments, with almost half comprising office 
buildings and a quarter comprising public sector properties. The latter provide a stable and secure income 
base, in the form of customers as well as longer contract durations. As at 30 June 2021 Castellum’s exposure 
to the retail segment (including grocery stores and car dealerships) represented 7 per cent. of income value. 
Another type of retail exposure also occurs in the warehouse and logistics segment in the form of storage and 
distribution from the rapidly-growing e-commerce segment, which has had a positive effect on rental growth 
and contributes to the transformation of well-located properties for the "last mile segment" (see " 
Competition – Rental Market – Logistics and warehouse facilities", above).  No industry sector is above 26 
per cent. of lease value concentration and no single tenant is above 4 per cent. of lease value concentration. 
Lease structure  
Castellum's contract portfolio as at 30 June 2021, comprising approximately 5,300 commercial contracts and 
approximately 400 residential leases consists of a well-diversified and large customer base. Castellum has a 
balanced risk diversification in the contract portfolio regarding geography, type of premises, size, term to 
maturity and customer industry. Castellum's customers represent a broad segment of Swedish, Danish and 
Finnish trade and industry. The single largest lease accounted for 2 per cent of the Group's total rental 
2011 
Rent value per sq.m evolution (SEK/sq.m) 
1800 
1600 
1400 
1200 
1000 
800 
600 
400 
200 
0 
2012 
2013 
2014 
2015 
2016 
2017 
2018 
2019 
2020 
995 
1015 
1036 
1064 
1095 
1304 
1341 
1407 
1495 
1538

--- Page 123 ---
123 
 
 
income, while the corresponding figure for the single largest customer was 4 per cent. of the Group's total 
rental income for the financial year ended 31 December 2020, meaning that Castellum's exposure to a single 
customer credit risk is low.  
The table below presents Castellum's lease size structure for the following categories: Commercial, 
Residential and Parking spaces and other.  
 
LEASE SIZE as at 30 June 2021 
(SEK million) 
No. of leases 
Share (%) 
Lease value 
(SEK million) 
Share (%) 
Commercial 
 
 
 
 
< 0.25 
2,590 
23 
187 
3 
0.25-0.5 
851 
7 
314 
6 
0.5-1.0 
791 
7 
560 
11 
1.0-3.0 
738 
6 
1,262 
24 
< 3.0 
351 
3 
2,815 
53 
Total  
5, 
46 
5,138 
97 
Residential 
443 
4 
42 
1 
Parking spaces and other 
5,752 
50 
110 
2 
Total 
11,516 
100 
5,290 
100 
Castellum’s rental agreements are based on standard agreements produced by the Swedish Property 
Federation in cooperation with the Federation of Swedish Merchants. Commercial leases are generally 
signed for three to five years, with a nine-month notice period, and rents are paid quarterly, in advance. The 
rental level can change when the lease in question is due for renegotiation. As at 30 June 2021 the average 
remaining lease duration in the portfolio was 3.9 years (31 December 2020: 3.9 years).  
Leases usually include a base rent i.e. the rent agreed upon when signing the contract and an index clause 
that provides an annual adjustment of the rent: either as a certain percentage of the previous year's inflation 
or as a minimum upward adjustment of a set percentage. A lease usually contains an addendum for the 
tenant's share of the property's total heating, cooling and property tax costs.  
Lease maturity structure  
Contract maturity for Castellum's portfolio is shown in the table below.  
 
LEASE MATURITY STRUCTURE as at 30 June 2021 
SEK million 
No. of leases 
Lease value (SEK 
million) 
Percentage of 
value (%) 
Commercial, term 
 
 
 
2021 
776 
78 
1 
2022 
1,593 
849 
16 
2023 
1,184 
1,038 
20 
2024 
979 
909 
18 
2025 
390 
608 
11 
2026+ 
399 
1,656 
31

--- Page 124 ---
124 
 
 
Total commercial 
5,321 
5,138 
97 
Residential 
443 
42 
1 
Parking spaces and other 
5,752 
110 
2 
Total 
11,516 
5,290 
100 
Occupancy rate  
Castellum's occupancy rate was 93.1 per cent. as at 31 December 2020 (31 December 2019: 92.6 per cent.). 
The graph below shows the occupancy rate across all of Castellum's properties as at 31 December 2020 and 
31 December 2019 and the years previous to that. In addition to market pressures generally, vacancy rates 
are also impacted by on-going new developments as Castellum from time to time initiates new projects 
without them being fully pre-let.  
 
 
Economic Occupancy  
The table below shows the occupancy rate for Castellum's property portfolio per property type and per 
region as at 30 June 2021. 
 
 
Offices 
Public 
sector 
properties 
Warehouse
/logistics 
Retail 
Light 
industry 
 
Stockholm  
90.9% 
98.4% 
94.3% 
98.8% 
96.4% 
 
West  
89.6% 
91.3% 
92.5% 
97.5% 
95.1% 
 
Central  
91.9% 
96.5% 
86.3% 
97.5% 
97.9% 
 
Öresund  
92.8% 
98.5% 
92.4% 
87.7% 
83.7% 
 
North  
97.1% 
97.1% 
- 
- 
- 
 
Denmark 
92.6% 
98.6 
76.5% 
- 
- 
 
Finland  
93.8% 
- 
- 
- 
- 
 
Dec 2011 
Dec 2012 
Dec 2013 
Dec 2014 
Dec 2015 
Dec 2016 
Dec 2017 
Dec 2018 
Dec 2019 
Dec 2020 
94 
93 
92 
91 
90 
89 
88 
87 
86 
Occupancy Rate (%)

--- Page 125 ---
125 
 
 
Total  
91.5% 
96.7 
91.9% 
96.6% 
95.1% 
93.1% 
ORGANISATION  
Employees and organisation 
As at 30 June 2021, Castellum had a total of 439 full-time employees (compared to 421 at 31 December 
2020). The parent company contains the corporate function for accounting and finance with a shared 
business system. Supporting corporate functions include: IT, Human Resources, Sustainability, Legal, 
Transaction and Communication. In a number of cases, these departments are also represented at a local 
level. Castellum's business is currently divided into the following regions: West, Stockholm, Central, North, 
Öresund (incl. Copenhagen) and Finland.   
Board of Directors and Executive Group Management  
Board of Directors  
According to Castellum AB's articles of association, the Board of Directors (the Board) shall consist of no 
less than four and no more than eight members. Board members are elected at the annual general meeting 
(AGM) and will hold office from their appointment until the conclusion of the ﬁrst AGM following their 
appointment. There are no limitations for how many times members of the Board can be re-elected, nor is 
there any maximum number of terms a member can serve.  
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, Castellum AB's Board consists of seven members. The current 
members of the Board (elected at the 2020 annual general meeting held on 25 March 2021 for the period 
until the 2022 annual general meeting) are as follows:  
 
Name 
Year of 
birth 
Board 
member 
since 
Title  
Other Board assignments  
Rutger Arnhult 
1967 
2021 
Chairman of 
the Board12 
Chairman 
of 
the 
board 
in 
M2 
Asset 
Management AB (publ). 
Anna-Karin 
Celsing 
1962 
2021 
Board 
member 
Board member in Carnegie Investment Bank 
AB (publ), Volati AB (publ), Landshypotek 
Bank AB (publ), OX2 AB, Lannebo Fonder AB 
and Tim Bergling Foundation. 
Anna Kinberg 
Batra 
1970 
2021 
Board 
member 
Chairman of the board in Soltech Energy 
Sweden AB (publ). Board member in Carasent 
ASA, SJR and Swedish Space Corporation. 
Zdravkok 
Markovski 
1964 
2020 
Board 
member 
Board member in Besqab AB (publ) and ZM & 
Co AB. 
Joacim Sjöberg 
1964 
2020 
Board 
member 
CEO and board member in Valhalla Corporate 
Advisor AB. Chairman of the board in 
Moonlighting Industries AB. Board member in 
Wästbygg Gruppen AB (publ) and KlaraBo 
Svergie AB. 
Christina 
Karlsson 
Kazeem 
1965 
2016 
Board 
member 
CEO in ETTELVA Arkitekter AB. Chairman 
of the Board in Creador AB and Millimeter 
Arkitekkter AB. 
                                                     
12 Rutger Arnhult was elected member of the board and chairman of the board at the AGM on 25 March 2021.

--- Page 126 ---
126 
 
 
Per Berggren 
1959 
2007 
Board 
member 
Chairman of the board in Slättö Förvaltning 
AB, board member in Fasticon Kompetens 
Holding AB and White Arkitekter AB. 
Rutger Arnhult owns, via companies, shares in the companies Corem Property Group AB and Klövern AB. 
Corem Property Group AB and Klövern AB operate, to some extent, business in the same markets as 
Castellum. Whilst it cannot be ruled out that potential conflicts of interest may arise between Rutger 
Arnhult’s obligations to Castellum AB and his private interests and/or other duties, as far as Castellum AB is 
aware, there are no current or potential conflicts of interest between the duties of any of the directors of 
Castellum AB and their private interests and/or other duties. 
The business address of each of the Directors of Castellum AB is Castellum AB, Box 2269 403 14 
Gothenburg, Sweden. 
Executive Group Management  
Executive Group Management comprises the Chief Executive Officer, the Chief Financial Officer, the Chief 
Investment Officer, the HR Director, the Corporate Communications Director and the Managing Directors of 
each of the four main regions. Executive Group Management has joint responsibility for delivering on Group 
wide goals and strategies, and meetings mostly cover issues pertaining to overall operations. As at the date of 
this Base Prospectus Castellum AB's Executive Group Management consists of eight people.  
 
Name  
Year of 
birth 
Member of 
Executive Group 
management since  Position 
Henrik Saxborn 
1964 
2006 (1) 
Chief Executive Officer, Castellum AB  
Ulrika Danielsson 
1972 
2006 (2) 
Chief Financial Officer, Castellum AB  
Anna-Karin Nyman 
1983 
2018  
Corporate Communications Director, Castellum 
AB  
Helena Dino 
1967 
2020 
Human Resources Director, Castellum AB 
Martin Bjöörn 
1976 
2019 
Managing Director Region Stockholm-North at 
Castellum AB 
Mariette Hilmersson 
1971 
2018  
Managing Director, Region West at Castellum AB 
Per Gawelin 
1978 
2018  
Managing Director, Region Central at Castellum 
AB  
Ola Orsmark 
1971 
2014 
Managing Director Region Öresund at Castellum 
AB 
 
(1) Henrik Saxborn was appointed Chief Executive Officer 2013. He will resign as CEO and leave Castellum during the autumn of 2021. As at the 
date of this Base Prospectus, Castellum has not announced who will replace Henrik Saxborn. In the event that the Offer is successful, and the current 
CEO of Kungsleden, Biljana Pehrsson, accepts the offer to do so, Biljana Pehrsson will replace Henrik Saxborn as CEO of Castellum. 
(2) Ulrika Danielsson was appointed Chief Financial Officer 2014. She will resign as CFO and leave Castellum during the autumn of 2021. As at the 
date of this Base Prospectus, Castellum has not announced who will replace Ulrika Danielsson. In the event that the Offer is successful, and the 
current Deputy CEO and CFO of Kungsleden, Ylva Sarby Westman accepts the offer to do so, Ylva Sarby Westman will replace Ulrika Danielsson as 
CFO of Castellum.

--- Page 127 ---
127 
 
 
Recent Developments 
Blackstone  
Following on from the sale of a mixed portfolio with mostly older logistics properties for SEK 5 billion to 
real estate funds managed by Blackstone in 2020, in January 2021 Castellum agreed to divest a further 53 
properties for SEK 4.8 billion. The divestment was completed in May 2021. 
Kielo 
In July 2021, Castellum acquired a Finnish property portfolio via the acquisition of the real estate company 
Kielo. The largest region in the portfolio is the Helsinki Metropolitan Area, which accounts for more than 50 
per cent. of the portfolio’s rental income, while the remainder is distributed between the towns of Tampere, 
Turku and Lahti, since Castellum divested the part of the portfolio relating to the city Jyväskylä. The total 
acquisition value, after divesting Jyväskylä, was approximately the equivalent of SEK 4.4 billion. The 
portfolio consists of modern and sustainable properties, most of which were built after 2000, featuring office 
space and facilities, such as conference venues and co-working areas, with a diversified tenant composition. 
Castellum has also at the beginning of July 2021 acquired two office properties in Solna in the Stockholm 
region for a total value of SEK 2 billion. 
Offer to acquire Kungsleden 
The Offer 
On 2 August 2021, Castellum announced its Offer to acquire Kungsleden in exchange for a combined 
consideration of shares in Castellum and cash. At this stage there can be no assurance that the acquisition 
will proceed on the basis of the terms of the Offer or alternative terms. Completion of the Offer is subject to 
customary conditions including, but not limited to, approval of the issuance of shares as consideration in the 
Offer by Castellum’s shareholders, the Offer being accepted to such an extent that Castellum becomes the 
owner of shares representing more than 90 per cent. of the total number of outstanding shares in Kungsleden 
and receipt of all necessary regulatory and governmental approvals. Rutger Arnhult, representing 
approximately 21.4 per cent. of the outstanding share capital and votes in Castellum, has undertaken to vote 
in favour of authorising the board of directors to issue shares in Castellum as consideration for the Offer at 
the relevant extraordinary general meeting.  
The board of directors of Kungsleden has unanimously recommended the shareholders of Kungsleden to 
accept the Offer and the recommendation is supported by a fairness opinion provided by Handelsbanken 
Capital Markets. Gösta Welandson (through companies), Ilija Batljan (through a company) and Olle Florén 
(directly and through companies), which together represent approximately 26.0 per cent. of the outstanding 
share capital and votes in Kungsleden have irrevocably undertaken to accept the Offer (subject only to a 
right to withdraw their acceptance in the event that, prior to the Offer being declared unconditional, a third 
party makes a competing offer worth at least 110 per cent. of the value of the Offer and Castellum does not 
match this within three business days of the third party offer being announced). The acceptance period of the 
Offer is expected to commence on or around 30 September 2021 and end on or around 29 October 2021, 
however, the process is currently at a very early stage. There can be no assurance as to the timeline for 
completion of the Offer nor can there be any assurance that the acquisition of Kungsleden will occur even if 
the Offer is accepted.

--- Page 128 ---
128 
 
 
The Offer values each Kungsleden share at SEK 124.90 and the total value of the Offer is approximately 
SEK 26,860 million13. Castellum has offered each shareholder of Kungsleden, in respect of 70 per cent. of 
the number of Kungsleden shares tendered by such shareholder, 0.525 shares in Castellum per Kungsleden 
share and, in respect of the remaining 30 per cent. of the number of Kungsleden shares tendered by such 
shareholder, SEK 121 in cash per Kungsleden share. In aggregate, up to a total of 79,028,043 shares in 
Castellum will be issued as consideration in the Offer and up to a total of approximately SEK 7,806 million 
will be paid in cash (based on full acceptance of the Offer). Further, Castellum is offering shareholders of 
Kungsleden a ‘mix & match’ facility, whereby each Kungsleden shareholder, subject to certain restrictions, 
may elect to receive as much share consideration as possible or as much cash consideration as possible for 
their Kungsleden shares. However, the proportion between shares and cash will not be varied as a result of 
individual elections made under the mix and match facility, instead, in order for individual shareholders in 
Kungsleden to receive a higher proportion of a certain requested consideration alternative under the mix & 
match facility, other shareholders must have made reverse elections to a corresponding extent.  
Castellum will finance the cash consideration payable under the Offer through a combination of Castellum's 
existing cash reserves and a new bridge facility arranged by Nordea Bank Abp, filial i Sverige, on terms 
which are customary for the financing of public offers on the Swedish market. 
Lenner & Partners and Nordea Bank Abp, filial i Sverige are acting as financial advisors to Castellum in 
connection with the Offer. 
Kungsleden 
Kungsleden is a Swedish public limited liability company incorporated in Sweden and operating under 
Swedish law and its shares are admitted to trading on Nasdaq Stockholm's main market under the ticker 
KLED. Kungsleden is a Swedish property company focusing on commercial properties in Swedish growth 
regions, with a property value of approximately SEK 43 billion. Almost 90 per cent. of Kungsleden's 
property portfolio is in Stockholm, Gothenburg, Malmö and Västerås. Kungsleden focuses on a broad 
spectrum of operations and industries and customers consist of proprietorship to international groups and 
public administration. Kungsleden's property portfolio consists of 207 properties (including 15 development 
properties with a total yearly rental value of approximately SEK 2.8 billion (as of 30 June 2021). 
Kungsleden's business model is based on long-term ownership, active management, improvement and 
development of commercial facilities in growth regions in Sweden. 
Rationale 
The rationale behind the proposed business combination is to strengthen the Group’s position as the largest 
listed commercial property groups in the Nordics region by reported property market value14. The 
management of Castellum expects the combination to create growth and shareholder value through an 
efficient common platform within property management, continued property acquisitions as well as 
development of existing properties portfolios whilst benefiting from an exchange of knowledge and 
operational synergies. 
The management of Castellum believes that the combination with Kungsleden provides opportunities for 
synergies within operation, property management, property development and financing as Castellum’s 
operations would be strengthened and efficiencies would be gained through the exchange of knowledge and 
utilisation of economies of scale.  
                                                     
13 Based on the closing price of Castellum's shares of SEK 241.10 per share on Nasdaq Stockholm on 30 July 2021, and 
215,042,296 shares in Kungsleden. Shares held by Kungsleden have not been included when calculating the value of 
the Offer (currently 3,361,006 shares). 
14 Based on Castellum’s calculations based on publicly available information.

--- Page 129 ---
129 
 
 
The management of Castellum estimates that the annual synergies within property management and 
administration to amount to approximately SEK 185 million and expects these synergies to reach full effect 
within two to three years of the acquisition occurring. These synergies are expected to arise through cost 
savings and efficiency gains in property management, reduced central administration and elimination of 
overlapping functions in the combined company, particularly given that approximately 90 per cent. of the 
combined portfolio is in complimentary locations. 
The combined company would have the opportunity for financial synergies in the event that it can 
successfully refinance Kungsleden’s outstanding loans based on Castellum’s higher credit rating. The 
management of Castellum estimates the annual financing cost synergies to be SEK 100 million. In addition, 
the increased size of the Group, in the event that the acquisition proceeds, is expected to improve the 
Group’s position and competitiveness in capital markets.  
Further, the management of Castellum believes that there are unquantified revenue synergies through 
improved customer offering and enhanced local presence of the combined company as well as stronger 
combined ability to extract further value from existing sites and accelerate new projects. 
There can be no assurance that any synergies will be realised or that there will be no adverse impact on the 
operations of the Group. 
The Combined Company 
If the acquisition of Kungsleden is successful, the combined property portfolio would have a market value of 
approximately SEK 140 billion consisting of 765 properties (including 69 development properties) with a 
broad geographic diversification within growth regions in Sweden, Finland and Denmark. Taking into 
account Castellum's ownership in Entra ASA and acquisitions carried out in July 2021, the property value of 
the combined company would amount to approximately SEK 157 billion. In order to enable focus on 
prioritised growth regions, the management of Castellum intends to divest of certain properties within less 
prioritised areas if the combination proceeds. The combined property portfolio would mainly consist of 
office properties (approximately 58 per cent.), public sector properties (approximately 13 per cent.), 
warehouse, logistics and industry properties (approximately 14 per cent.) and retail properties 
(approximately 7 per cent.). The project portfolio of the combined company would correspond to just over 6 
per cent. of the property value. The combined company would have a broad customer base represented by 
public authorities, municipalities and large corporates. The single largest tenant of the combined company is 
estimated to account for approximately 3 per cent. of the combined rental value and the average lease period 
for the total combined property portfolio is estimated to approximately 3.9 years. 
Certain key metrics of the combined company’s portfolio are presented below. This section contains certain 
financial measures that are not defined or recognised under IFRS. These financial measures have been 
included because Castellum believes they provide useful supplemental information to understand and 
analyse the combined company and the possibilities and synergies that may be achieved. Please refer to the 
section “Unaudited Pro Forma Financial Information” for pro forma figures reviewed by Castellum’s 
auditor and please refer to the section “Alternative Performance Measures and other Key Performance 
Indicators” for definitions and explanations of the metrics disclosed below. 
Castellum has prepared the following unaudited pro forma financial information for illustrative purposes 
only. Because of its nature, the unaudited pro forma financial information illustrates a hypothetical situation 
and does not describe Castellum’s actual results or financial position. The purpose of the unaudited pro 
forma financial information is only to inform on facts and not to show Castellum’s results or financial 
position at any specific time in the future. Consequently, potential investors should not overstate the 
importance of the unaudited pro forma financial information. 
 
Loan to value 
30 June 2021

--- Page 130 ---
130 
 
 
 
 
Interest bearing liabilities, MSEK 
70,545 
Cash and cash equivalents, MSEK 
-1,898 
Net interest bearing liabilities, MSEK 
68,647 
 
 
Total assets, MSEK 
163,369 
Loan to value ratio 
42% 
 
Income from property management (pro forma), MSEK 
Jan-June 2021 
 
 
Income before tax 
7,142 
Reversed: 
 
Transaction costs 
45 
Financing fees etc. for acquisition 
15 
Change in value on properties 
-4,495 
Change in value on financial holdings 
-296 
Impairment of goodwill 
53 
Change in value on derivatives 
-248 
= Income from property management (pro forma) 
2,216 
 
 
Interest coverage ratio pro forma 
 
 
 
Income from property management (pro forma), MSEK 
2,216 
Reversed: 
 
Net interest costs (pro forma), MSEK (1) 
596 
Income from property management, excl. net interest, MSEK 
2,812 
Interest coverage ratio, pro forma 
472% 
(1) Net interest costs has also, based on the principle applied by Castellum, been adjusted with the pro forma adjustment for financing fee acquisitions 
of MSEK 15 (i.e. net financing cost according to pro forma Statement of income of 611 less 15 = 596 MSEK). 
If the acquisition proceeds, Castellum intends to remain based in Gothenburg. The expanded operation that 
Kungsleden will contribute to means that the combined company will have two headquarters, one in 
Stockholm and one in Gothenburg. 
Both Kungsleden and Castellum are committed to driving the development of green properties and 
sustainable development and Castellum intends to maintain its ambitious sustainability targets for the 
combined company in the event that the acquisition proceeds with a goal of becoming Europe’s most 
sustainable property company. 
If the acquisition proceeds, Castellum intends that the combined company will maintain its policy of having 
a loan-to-value ratio not exceeding 50 per cent. and it will also aim to maintain Castellum’s rating, meaning 
it will continue to maintain an actual loan-to-value ratio below 45 per cent. Further, Castellum intends that 
the combined company will retain Castellum’s financial target of annual growth in profit from property 
management per share of 10 per cent. and dividend of at least 50 per cent. per share of the profit from 
property management. 
Rating 
On 4 August 2021, Moody’s affirmed Castellum’s long-term issuer rating of Baa2 with stable outlook. The 
affirmation of the rating and outlook followed Castellum’s announced voluntary public takeover bid to 
acquire Kungsleden on 2 August 2021 and reflects Castellum’s temporary increase in leverage being 
balanced by Castellum’s targeted reduction of leverage towards a level of below 45 per cent. by year-end

--- Page 131 ---
131 
 
 
2021 and the expected improvements in business profile in the event that the Offer is accepted. There can be 
no assurance that this position will be maintained if the acquisition is not completed.

--- Page 132 ---
132 
 
 
ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES AND OTHER KEY PERFORMANCE 
INDICATORS 
Definitions 
 
Consolidated Solvency ratio 
The consolidated solvency ratio is calculated by dividing total interest bearing liabilities with total 
consolidated assets at the balance sheet date.  
Economic occupancy rate 
Rental income accounted for during the period, less discounts, as a percentage of rental value for properties 
owned at the end of the period. Properties acquired/completed during the period have been restated as if they 
had been owned or completed during the whole year, while properties disposed of have been excluded 
entirely. Development projects and undeveloped land have been excluded. 
EPRA NRV 
Net Reinstatement Value Equity as recognised in the balance sheet, adjusted for interest rate swaps, goodwill 
relating to deferred tax, and deferred tax in its entirety. EPRA NRV per share is calculated as EPRA NRV 
divided by number of outstanding shares at the end of the period. 
EPRA NTA 
Net Tangible Assets Equity as recognised in the balance sheet following add-back of derivatives and 
goodwill, adjusted for actual deferred tax instead of nominal deferred tax. EPRA NTA per share is calculated 
as EPRA NTA divided by number of outstanding shares at the end of the period. 
EPRA vacancy rate 
Estimated market rental value of vacant space as a percentage of rental value for properties owned at the end 
of the period. Properties acquired/completed during the period have been restated as if they had been owned 
or completed during the whole year, while properties disposed of during the period have been excluded 
entirely. Development projects and undeveloped land have been excluded.  
Income from property management  
Net income following add-back of acquisition and restructuring costs, revaluation of results due to stepwise 
acquisitions, impairment of goodwill and changes in value, as well as tax for both the Group and for joint 
ventures. Income from property management per share is calculated as Income from property management 
divided by average number of outstanding shares for the period. 
Interest coverage ratio  
Income from property management after reversal of net financial items and income from property 
management in joint venture as a percentage of net interest items. 
Loan to value ratio (vs. total assets only) 
Interest-bearing liabilities after deduction for cash and cash equivalents as a percentage of total assets at the 
year-end. 
Loan to value ratio (investment properties only) 
Interest-bearing liabilities after deduction for cash and cash equivalents as a percentage of the investment 
properties’ fair value with deduction for acquired properties not taken in possession, and with addition for 
divested properties still in possession, at the year-end. 
Net investments 
Investments in investment properties at fair value through business combinations plus direct investments in 
investment properties plus investments in new constructions, extensions and reconstructions less sales of 
investment properties.

--- Page 133 ---
133 
 
 
Net operating income margin 
Net operating income as a percentage of rental income. 
Rental income  
Rents debited plus supplements such as reimbursement of heating costs and property tax. 
Rental value  
Rental income plus estimated market rent for vacant premises. 
Secured debt/total assets 
Secured debt at the balance sheet date divided by total assets at the balance sheet date. 
Unencumbered Asset Ratio 
Total market value of investment properties over which no security is granted, divided by Consolidated Total 
Assets. 
 
Reconciliations and Additional Explanations 
A number of the financial metrics presented by Castellum are not defined in accordance with IFRS. 
However, Castellum believes that these measures provide useful supplementary information to both 
investors and Castellum management, as they facilitate evaluation of group performance. It is to be noted 
that, since not all companies calculate financial measurements in the same manner, these are not always 
comparable to measurements used by other companies. These financial measurements should therefore not 
be seen as a substitute for metrics defined according to IFRS. Unless otherwise stated, the table below 
presents metrics, along with their reconciliation, which are not defined according to IFRS.  
 
In the table below, number of shares used to calculate per share key metrics are presented: 
 
 
Jan-June 
2021 
Jan-June 
2020 
Jan-Dec 
2020 
Jan-Dec 
2019 
Number of shares for calculation of per 
share metrics 
 
 
 
 
 
Average number of shares, thousand 
(related to income statement metrics) 
274,783 
273,157 
273,628 
273,201 
Average number of shares, thousand 
(related to balance sheet key metrics) 
272,075 
273,031 
277,093 
273,201 
 
Income from property management 
 
Castellum’s operations are focused on cash flow growth from ongoing management operations (i.e. income 
growth from property management), the yearly target being a 10 per cent. increase in income from property 
management. Income from property management also forms the basis of the annual shareholder dividend: at 
least 50 per cent. of income from property management. Income from property management is calculated 
before tax paid. 
 
 
Jan-Dec 2020 
Jan-Dec 2019 
Income from property management 
MSEK 
SEK/share 
MSEK 
SEK/share 
 
 
 
 
 
Income before tax 
7,028 
25.68 
6,765 
24.76 
Reversed: 
 
 
 
 
Acquisition costs 
25 
0.09 
9 
0.03 
Financing fees etc for acquisitions 
70 
0.26 
- 
- 
Change in value on properties 
-3,863 
-14.12 
-3,918 
-14.34 
Change in value on financial holdings 
- 
- 
- 
-

--- Page 134 ---
134 
 
 
Impairment of goodwill 
- 
- 
179 
0.66 
Change in value on derivatives 
120 
0.44 
111 
0.41 
= Income from property management 
3,380 
12.35 
3,146 
11.52 
 
Net operating income margin 
 
The net operating profit margin measures how much net income is generated as a percentage of revenue. It is 
the ratio of net profits to revenues for Castellum. Net profit margin is expressed as a percentage. The net 
profit margin illustrates how much of each Swedish krona in revenue earned by Castellum translates into 
profit and can be used to compare performance over time. 
 
 
Jan-June 2021 
Jan-June 2020 
Net Operating income margin 
 
 
 
Net operating income, MSEK 
2,034 
2,170 
Income, MSEK 
2,936 
2,999 
Net operating income divided with income 
 
 
= Net operating income margin % 
69% 
72% 
 
Net asset value 
 
Net asset value describes the total equity that Castellum manages for its owners. Based on this equity, 
Castellum wants to create return and growth at a low level of risk. Net asset value can be calculated in 
different ways, where mainly time and turnover in the property portfolio impact on the value. Long-term net 
reinstatement value (EPRA NRV) is based on the balance sheet, with adjustments for items that will not lead 
to any short-term payment. In Castellum’s case, these would include such items as goodwill, derivatives and 
deferred tax liability. Net tangible assets (EPRA NTA) is the same as EPRA NRV but with the difference 
that goodwill that is not attributed to deferred taxes is not seen as an asset. Furthermore, the deferred tax 
should be based on market value according to how Castellum has completed property transactions in recent 
years.  
 
 
30 June 2021 
30 June 2020 
Net asset values 
MSEK 
SEK/share 
MSEK 
SEK/share 
 
 
 
 
 
Equity according to the balance sheet 
50,926 
187 
43,469 
159 
Reversed: 
 
 
 
 
Declared, undistributed dividend 
949 
3 
888 
3 
Derivatives according to the balance sheet 
653 
2 
863 
3 
Goodwill attributable to deferred tax 
-1,427 
-5 
-1,480 
-5 
Deferred tax according to the balance sheet 
10,794 
40 
10,493 
39 
EPRA NRV: Net reinstatement value 
61,895 
227 
54,233 
199 
 
 
 
 
 
Deduction: 
 
 
 
 
Goodwill due to acquisition of United Spaces 
-193 
-1 
-190 
-1 
Estimated real deferred tax, 4% (1) 
-2,202 
-7 
-2,090 
-8 
EPRA NTA: Net tangible assets 
59,500 
219 
51,953 
190 
 
(1) The net estimated real deferred tax liability has been estimated at 4 per cent. based on a discount rate of 3 per cent. Further, 
assessments have been made that tax loss carry forwards are realised in one year with a nominal tax of 20.6 per cent., and that the 
properties are realised in 50 years and where the entire portfolio is sold indirectly in corporate wrappers where the buyers tax 
discount is 7 per cent.

--- Page 135 ---
135 
 
 
Financial risk 
 
Castellum’s strategy is to own, develop and manage properties at low financial risk. This is expressed in a 
loan-to-value ratio not permanently exceeding 50 per cent. and an interest coverage ratio of at least 200 per 
cent. Another important measure used by Castellum to manage financial risk is secured debt/total asset ratio 
which is a measure that provide information about the level of subordination for investors providing debt on 
an unsecured basis. Solvency ratio is a key metric which is used to measure Castellum’s ability to meet the 
long-term obligations. A solvency ratio indicates whether the cash flows are sufficient to meet its long term 
liabilities. Finally, unencumbered asset ratio portrays the portion of investment properties that are not subject 
to any encumbrances (such as, for example creditor claims, mortgages, liens or other securities pledged) and 
is thus free from any potential claims from other creditors. 
 
 
Jan-June 2021 Jan-June 2020 Jan-Dec 2020 Jan-Dec 2019 
Interest coverage ratio 
 
 
 
 
Income from property management, 
MSEK 
1,615 
1,689 
3,380 
3,146 
Reversed: 
 
 
 
 
Net interest costs, MSEK 
374 
394 
786 
782 
Income from property management, 
MSEK excluding net interest 
1,989 
2,083 
4,166 
3,928 
Interest coverage ratio 
532% 
529% 
530% 
502% 
 
 
30 June 2021 
30 June 2020 
Loan to value (vs. total assets only) 
 
 
Interest bearing liabilities, MSEK 
43,023 
41,834 
Cash and cash equivalents, MSEK 
-997 
-200 
Net interest bearing liabilities, MSEK 
42,026 
41,634 
Total assets, MSEK 
110,082 
101,078 
Loan to value ratio (vs. total assets only) (%) 
38% 
41% 
 
 
 
30 June 2021 
Loan to value (vs. investment properties only) 
 
Net interest bearing liabilities, MSEK (per above) 
42 026 
Investment properties, MSEK  
97 250 
Acquired properties not taken into possession, MSEK 
-146 
Divested properties still in Castellum’s possession, MSEK 
1 126 
Investment properties, MSEK 
98 230 
Loan to value ratio (vs. investment properties only) (%) 
43% 
 
 
Unencumbered asset ratio  
 
 
30 June 2021 
31 December 2020 
Unencumbered assets ratio 
 
 
 
 
 
Total assets, MSEK 
110,082 
109,916 
Less secured assets, MSEK 
-44,050 
-42,416 
Unencumbered assets 
66,032 
67,500 
Total assets, MSEK 
110,082 
109,916 
Unencumbered asset ratio 
60% 
61%

--- Page 136 ---
136 
 
 
Consolidated solvency ratio 
 
 
30 June 
2021 
31 December 
2020 
31 December 
2019 
31 December 
2018 
Consolidated solvency ratio 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Total interest bearing liabilities (debt), 
MSEK 
43,023 
45,720 
40,826 
40,358 
Total assets, MSEK 
110,082 
109,916 
98,985 
92,140 
Consolidated solvency ratio 
39% 
42% 
41% 
44% 
 
 
Secured debt to total asset ratio 
 
 
30 June 2021 
31 December 
2020 
31 December 
2019 
31 December 
2018 
Secured debt/total assets 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Total debt, MSEK 
42,026 
45,559 
40,653 
40,115 
Less unsecured debt, MSEK 
-36,491 
-37,971 
-33,404 
-27,715 
Secured debt, MSEK 
5,535 
7,588 
7,249 
12,400 
Total assets, MSEK 
110,082 
109,916 
98,985 
92,140 
Secured debt/total asset ratio 
5% 
7% 
7% 
13% 
 
Net Investments 
Net investments is an important key metric for Castellum in order to achieve the overall target of 10 per cent. 
growth in income from property management per share, Castellum will make annual net investments of at 
least 5 per cent. of the property value. 
 
 
Jan-June 2021 
Jan-June 2020 
Net investment, MSEK 
 
 
Acquisitions 
335 
292 
New constructions, extensions and reconstruction 
1,679 
1,205 
Total investments 
2,014 
1,497 
Net sales prices 
-11,000 
-119 
Net investments 
-8,986 
1,378

--- Page 137 ---
137 
 
 
UNAUDITED PRO FORMA FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
Castellum has prepared this unaudited pro forma financial information for illustrative purposes only. 
Because of its nature, the unaudited pro forma financial information illustrates a hypothetical situation and 
does not describe Castellum’s actual results or financial position. The purpose of the unaudited pro forma 
financial information is only to inform on facts and not to show Castellum’s results or financial position at 
any specific time in the future. Consequently, potential investors should not overstate the importance of the 
unaudited pro forma financial information. 
BACKGROUND 
On 2 August 2021, Castellum announced a voluntary public offer for all ordinary shares in Kungsleden (the 
Offer). The Offer consideration consists of a combination of shares in Castellum and cash for the tendered 
shares in Kungsleden. Castellum has offered each shareholder in Kungsleden the following; 
- 
in respect of 70 per cent. of the number of Kungsleden shares tendered by such shareholder, 0.525 
shares in Castellum per Kungsleden share; and  
- 
in respect of the remaining 30 per cent. of the number of Kungsleden shares tendered by such 
shareholder, SEK 121 in cash per Kungsleden share. 
Based on full participation in the Offer, this means that Castellum may issue up to 79,028,043 new shares 
and pay up to a total of approximately SEK 7,806 million in cash. Based on the closing price of Castellum’s 
shares as of 30 July 2021 of SEK 241.10 per share, a total purchase price of approximately SEK 26,860 
million has been calculated for this unaudited pro forma financial information. 
Completion of the Offer is subject to customary conditions including, but not limited to, approval of the 
issuance of shares as consideration in Offer by Castellum’s shareholders, the Offer being accepted to such an 
extent that Castellum becomes the owner of shares representing more than 90 per cent. of the total number of 
outstanding shares in Kungsleden and receipt of all necessary regulatory and governmental approvals. The 
unaudited pro forma financial statements have been prepared assuming the transaction will be approved. 
Castellum has included unaudited pro forma financial information as of and for the six month period ended 
30 June 2021, in order to report the hypothetical effects that the Offer would have on Castellum’s financial 
position and results. The following pro forma financial information is presented: 
 
Unaudited pro forma statement of income for the period 1 January 2021 to 30 June 2021, as if the 
Offer had been completed on 1 January 2021; and 
 
Unaudited pro forma balance sheet as of 30 June 2021, as if the Offer had been completed as of 30 
June 2021. 
The pro forma adjustments are based upon available information and certain assumptions which the Board of 
Directors and management of Castellum believe are reasonable in this context and which are described in the 
accompanying notes to the unaudited pro forma financial information. Actual results may differ materially 
from the assumptions within the accompanying unaudited pro forma financial information.  
The unaudited pro forma financial information does not include all information required for financial 
statements prepared under IFRS as adopted by the EU (IFRS) and should be read in connection with the 
historical financial information of Castellum and Kungsleden. 
The unaudited pro forma financial information has been prepared in accordance with Annex 20 to 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 supplementing the Prospectus Regulation and has been

--- Page 138 ---
138 
 
 
compiled in a manner consistent with the accounting principles of Castellum, IFRS as adopted by the EU, 
which are described in Castellum’s annual report for 2020.  
Castellum’s auditor, Deloitte AB has given an assurance report on the compilation of pro forma financial 
information, included in this Base Prospectus — “Independent Auditor’s Assurance Report on the 
Compilation of Pro Forma Financial Information included in a Prospectus”. 
ASSUMPTIONS AND BASIS FOR THE PRO FORMA FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
Acceptance to the Offer 
The acquisition offer includes all shares in Kungsleden that have not been repurchased by Kungsleden. The 
pro forma report assumes full acceptance of the Offer. 
Presentation of financial statements 
As the companies have different forms of presentation for their statements of income and balance sheets, for 
the purpose of this pro forma financial information, the presentation format in Kungsleden’s financial reports 
have to some extent been adjusted to comply with Castellum’s presentation format. When preparing the pro 
forma financial information, Castellum did not have access to the underlying accounts in Kungsleden’s 
financial statements, which means that it has not always been possible to fully classify the items in 
accordance with Castellum’s presentation format. In order to achieve comparability between Castellum and 
Kungsleden, the following adjustments have been made to Kungsleden’s financial statements: 
 
Total revenue in Kungsleden’s statement of income is presented in the line item Income. 
 
Selling and administration costs in Kungsleden’s statement of income are presented in the line item 
Central administrative expenses in the pro forma statement of income. 
 
Financial revenue and financial costs in Kungsleden’s statement of income are presented in the line 
item Net interest costs in the pro forma statement of income. 
 
Costs of right of use in Kungsleden’s statement of income are presented in the line item Leasingcost 
/ Site leasehold fee in the pro forma statement of income. 
 
Tax in Kungsleden’s statement of income are presented in the line item Deferred tax in the pro 
forma statement of income. 
 
Changes in value on interest derivatives in Kungsleden’s statement of income is presented in the line 
item changes in value on derivatives in the pro forma statement of income. 
 
Intangible assets, equipment and other long-term receivables in Kungsleden’s balance sheet are 
presented in the item Other fixed assets in the pro forma balance sheet. 
 
Long term as well as short term liabilities to credit institutions and other interest-bearing liabilities in 
Kungsleden is aggregated in the Interest-bearing liabilities line item in the pro forma balance sheet. 
 
Long term as well as short term debts regarding liabilities of right of use is aggregated in the Lease 
liability line item in the pro forma balance sheet. 
 
Other liabilities in Kungsleden is on the line item Non-interest bearing liabilities in the pro forma 
balance sheet.

--- Page 139 ---
139 
 
 
In addition, for purposes of the presentation of the unaudited pro forma statement of income, operating costs, 
maintenance expenses, letting and property administration expenses, co-working expenses and property tax 
in Castellum’s statement of income are aggregated in the Property costs line item in the pro forma statement 
of income. Further, rental income, service income and co-working income in Castellum’s statement of 
income are aggregated in the Income line item in the pro forma statement of income. Acquisition costs in 
Castellum’s statement of income are presented as Transaction costs in the pro forma statement of income. 
Letting cost/Site leasehold fee in Castellum’s statement of income are presented as Leasing costs/Site 
leasehold fee in the pro forma statement of income. Impairment of goodwill in Castellum’s statement of 
income is presented as Writedown goodwill in the pro forma statement of income. Finally Changes in value 
on financial holdings is presented as Changes in value on financial assets in the pro forma statement of 
income. 
Accounting principles 
The unaudited pro forma financial information has been prepared following Castellum’s accounting 
principles IFRS as adopted by the EU, which are described in Castellum’s annual report for 2020. 
Kungsleden also applies IFRS as adopted by the EU, as described in Kungsleden’s annual report for 2020. 
Business Combination vs. Asset Purchase 
At the time of preparation of the unaudited pro forma financial information, the transaction has been 
classified as a Business Combination in accordance with IFRS 3. Classification of a transaction as a Business 
Combination or Asset Purchase is made in accordance with a number of assessment criteria prescribed in 
IFRS 3. 
Basis for the unaudited pro forma financial information 
The respective interim reports for the period 1 January – 30 June 2021 of Castellum and Kungsleden form 
the basis for the unaudited pro forma financial information. Castellum’s interim report has been reviewed by 
Castellum’s auditor, but Kungsleden’s interim report has not been so reviewed. 
The unaudited pro forma financial information does not include all of the information required for financial 
statements under IFRS and should be read in conjunction with the historical information of the companies as 
presented in the annual reports and published interim reports. In addition to the aforementioned public 
information, Castellum has not been privy to any documentation relating to Kungsleden’s accounts. 
PRO FORMA ADJUSTMENTS 
The overall nature of the pro forma adjustments is described below. The adjustments are described in more 
detail in the notes to the pro forma accounts. With respect to the unaudited pro forma statement of income, 
the pro forma adjustments are expected to have a continuing impact on the consolidated results, unless 
otherwise stated. General synergies or costs for integration have not been included in the pro forma accounts. 
Adjustments of accounting principles 
Castellum has carried out an analysis based on public information regarding significant differences between 
accounting principles of Castellum and Kungsleden. Castellum’s assessment is that there are no differences 
between accounting principles of Castellum and Kungsleden that have any significant effects on the financial 
information. 
Purchase price allocation 
In the unaudited pro forma financial information, the purchase price for the acquisition of Kungsleden has 
been calculated as SEK 26,860 million. The value of Castellum’s shares in the preliminary purchase price

--- Page 140 ---
140 
 
 
allocation has been calculated on the basis of Castellum’s closing share price as of 30 July 2021, amounting 
to SEK 241.10 per share. Furthermore, the bid value for pro forma purposes is based on an assumption of 
full acceptance level in the Offer. 
Based on the assumptions above, the purchase price of SEK 26,860 million in total is divided into 
79,028,043 new shares equal to SEK 19,054 million and cash of SEK 7,806 million.  
The preliminary purchase price allocation has been based on reported values in Kungsleden’s balance sheet 
as of 30 June 2021, apart from the deferred tax related to the difference between the book value of 
investment properties and its tax value, which has been based on Kungsleden’s reported values as of 31 
December 2020. At the time of the preparation of the pro forma financial information, the transaction has 
been classified as a business combination in accordance with IFRS 3, meaning that deferred tax must be 
recognised on all temporary differences. The effect of this entails an adjustment for additional deferred tax of 
approximately SEK 1,705 million. With respect to this adjustment of deferred tax of SEK 1,705 million, a 
corresponding amount will have an impact on goodwill (i.e. an increase of the goodwill amount recognised).  
It should be noted that Castellum, when preparing the preliminary purchase price allocation to be used for 
pro forma purposes, did not have access to all underlying data in order to assess and measure all assets and 
liabilities at fair value. When preparing the final purchase price allocation, all identifiable assets and 
liabilities will however be valued at fair value. Valuation of purchased properties will then take place in 
accordance with Castellum’s process for market valuation of each property, at the timing of the acquisition. 
This value may deviate from the reported fair value of Kungsleden’s properties as of 30 June 2021. When 
preparing the final purchase price allocation, new intangible assets may also be identified, which may mean 
that the statement of income may in the future be charged with amortization of these assets. The final 
purchase price allocation may deviate from the preliminary purchase price allocation. A final purchase price 
allocation will be prepared and published, as part of Castellum’s financial reporting, within one year from 
the date of the acquisition. 
In the preliminary purchase price allocation, the difference between the net of the identifiable assets acquired 
and the liabilities assumed, and the consideration has been recognised as goodwill. 
Transaction costs and financing 
Estimated transaction costs attributable to the acquisition are assumed to occur 1 January 2021 and are 
adjusted for in the unaudited pro forma financial information. The transaction costs, which are estimated to 
be SEK 45 million, have been accounted for as a one off in the unaudited pro forma statement of income. 
In connection with the Offer, but after 30 June 2021, Castellum has signed a bridge loan of SEK 8,000 
million, of which SEK 7,851 million is expected to be utilised when preparing the pro forma financial 
information, in order to finance the acquisition of Kungsleden. In the unaudited pro forma statement of 
income, the loan has been treated as if the acquisition has taken place 1 January 2021. The final financing of 
the acquisition of Kungsleden can however be different, which can result in other interest costs being 
recognised. Estimated interest cost for the period 1 January – 30 June 2021 amounts to approximately SEK 
65 million, of which SEK 15 million is up-front and arrangement fees for the bridge loan that is considered 
one off items (as they are not expected to have a continuing impact on the statement of income/items of non-
recurring nature).  
Further, Kungsleden has outstanding bonds which contain change of control clauses. It has not been possible 
to do a full assessment of the outcome of the change of control in relation to Kungsleden’s financing. 
Because of that, an assumption has been made in the unaudited pro forma financial information that 
Kungsleden’s bondholders are not redeemed. Furthermore, all the change of control clauses in Kungsleden’s 
bank facilities have been waived and the unaudited pro forma financial information is based on an 
assumption that these bank facilities remain in place.

--- Page 141 ---
141 
 
 
Tax effect on adjustments 
The tax effect has been taken into account on all adjustments that are deemed to be tax deductible or taxable 
in the unaudited pro forma financial information. Estimated tax effect may differ from actual tax effect when 
the Offer is executed. The tax calculations are based on the statutory tax rate 20.6 per cent. for 2021. 
UNAUDITED PRO FORMA STATEMENT OF INCOME FOR 1 JANUARY – 30 JUNE 2021 
Based on the conditions above and the pro forma adjustments set out below, an unaudited pro forma 
statement of income is set out below for the period 1 January – 30 June 2021: 
 
STATEMENT OF INCOME 
Castellum 
(1 
January – 
30 June 
2021) 
IFRS 
Kungsleden 
(1 January 
– 30 June 
2021) IFRS 
Pro forma 
adjustments 
Note 
Castellum 
Pro 
forma 
Statement 
of income 
(SEK million) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Income 
2,936 
1,289 
0 
 
4,225 
Property costs 
-902 
-404 
0 
 
-1,306 
Net operating income 
2 034 
885 
0 
 
2,919 
Central administrative expenses 
-77 
-47 
0 
 
-124 
Transaction costs 
0 
0 
-45 
A1 
-45 
Net financial costs 
 
 
 
 
 
Net interest costs 
-374 
-172 
-65 
A2 
-611 
Dividend 
46 
0 
0 
 
46 
Leasingcost / Site leasehold fee 
-14 
-15 
0 
 
-29 
Income 
from 
property 
management 
including transaction costs/financing fees 
1,615 
651 
-110 
 
2,156 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Changes in value on properties 
3,122 
1,373 
0 
 
4,495 
Changes in value on financial assets 
296 
0 
0 
 
296 
Changes in value on derivatives 
117 
131 
0 
 
248 
Writedown goodwill 
-53 
0 
0 
 
-53 
Income before tax 
5,097 
2,155 
-110 
 
7,142 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Current tax 
-132 
0 
0 
 
-132 
Deferred tax 
585 
-444 
13 
A3 
154 
Net income for the period 
5,550 
1,711 
-97 
 
7,164 
Notes to pro forma statement of income 
A1 
Transaction costs totalling SEK 45 million attributable to the acquisition of Kungsleden are assumed to have 
arisen on 1 January 2021, entailing a pro forma adjustment in the pro forma statement of income for 
transaction costs. The pro forma adjustments for these expenses are not expected to have a continuing impact 
on the statement of income and are assumed not to be deductible.

--- Page 142 ---
142 
 
 
A2 
The cash consideration for the acquisition of Kungsleden totalling SEK 7,806 million, as well as transaction 
costs totalling SEK 45 million, will be financed through a bridge loan of SEK 8,000 million with an 
assumption of an average annual interest rate of 1.3 per cent. equal to SEK 100 million on an annual basis. 
This entails a pro forma adjustment in the pro forma statement of income for increased interest expenses 
totalling SEK 50 million. The ultimate financing may, however, look different, resulting in other interest 
expenses being recognised than those presented for pro forma purposes above. 
Up front and arrangement fees for the bridge loan of approximately SEK 30 million has been accrued over 
the tenor of the loan (assumed to be a period of 12 months) and is in total SEK 15 million for the six month 
period 1 January 2021 – 30 June 2021. The expenses of SEK 30 million are not expected to have continuing 
impact on the statement of income (items of a non-recurring nature). 
This entails a pro forma adjustment in the statement of income for increased interest expenses totalling SEK 
65 million. 
A3 
Additional interest cost for the acquisition increases deferred tax income with SEK 13 million for the period 
1 January – 30 June 2021. 
UNAUDITED PRO FORMA BALANCE SHEET AS OF 30 JUNE 2021 
Based on the conditions above and the pro forma adjustments set out below, an unaudited pro forma balance 
sheet as of 30 June 2021 is set out below. 
 
BALANCE SHEET 
Castellum 
30 June 
2021 
IFRS 
Kungsleden 
30 June 
2021 IFRS 
Pro forma 
adjustments 
Note 
Castellum 
Pro 
forma 
Balance 
sheet 
(SEK million) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Investment properties 
97,250 
42,539 
0 
 
139,789 
Goodwill 
1,620 
0 
9,198 
A 
10,818 
Leases, right-of-use 
1,035 
629 
0 
 
1,664 
Financial assets 
6,566 
0 
0 
 
6,566 
Other fixed assets 
205 
17 
0 
 
222 
Derivatives 
0 
38 
-38 
E 
0 
Current receivables 
2,409 
3 
0 
 
2,412 
Cash and cash equivalents 
997 
901 
0 
 
1,898 
Total Assets 
110,082 
44,127 
9,160 
 
163,369 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Equity 
50,926 
19,367 
-358 
B 
69,935 
Deferred tax liability 
10,794 
3,350 
1,705 
D 
15,849 
Other provisions 
10 
9 
0 
 
19 
Interest-bearing liabilities 
43,023 
19,671 
7,851 
C 
70,545 
Derivatives 
653 
90 
-38 
E 
705 
Lease liability 
1,035 
629 
0 
 
1,664 
Non-interest bearing liabilities 
3,641 
1,011 
0 
 
4,652 
Total Equity and Liabilities 
110,082 
44,127 
9,160 
 
163,369

--- Page 143 ---
143 
 
 
Notes to the unaudited pro forma balance sheet 
A 
In the pro forma balance sheet, the purchase price has been calculated at SEK 26,860 million consisting of an 
issue of 79,028,043 new shares in Castellum with a value of SEK 19,054 million based on the closing share 
price of 30 July 2021 of SEK 241.10 per share, and cash of SEK 7,806 million.  
The preliminary purchase price allocation has been based on reported values in Kungsleden’s balance sheet 
as of 30 June 2021, apart from the deferred tax related to the temporary difference on investment properties, 
which has been based on Kungsleden’s reported values as of 31 December 2020. At the time of preparation 
of the unaudited pro forma financial information, the transaction has been classified as a business 
combination in accordance with IFRS 3, meaning that deferred tax must be recognised on all temporary 
differences. The effect of this entails an adjustment for additional deferred tax of SEK 1,705 million. With 
respect to this adjustment of deferred tax of SEK 1,705 million, a corresponding amount will have an impact 
on goodwill (i.e. an increase of the goodwill amount recognised, see also the table below). 
The difference between the net of the identifiable assets acquired and the liabilities assumed and the 
purchase price has been accounted for as goodwill, amounting to SEK 7,493 million (excluding the 
adjustment for deferred tax mentioned above), since the Castellum Board of Directors has no information to 
make any other assessment other than that Kungsleden’s Investment properties are valued at fair value. 
When preparing the final purchase price allocation all identifiable assets and liabilities will be valued to fair 
value. Valuation of acquired properties will then take place according to Castellum’s process for market 
valuation of each property at the time for the execution of the Offer. This value can deviate from the reported 
value on Kungsleden’s investment properties as of 30 June 2021. 
In total, this means a goodwill of SEK 9,198 million that is accounted for in the pro forma balance sheet. 
 
Preliminary purchase price allocation as at 30 June 2021 
 
(SEK million) 
Purchase price 
26,860 
Less fair value net assets acquired 
-19,367 
Plus deferred tax liability 
1,705 
Goodwill 
9,198 
B 
There have been no transaction costs attributable to the acquisition before June 30 2021, meaning that such 
costs have reduced shareholder’s equity and increased debt as at 30 June 2021. The costs are one off and 
non-recurring. Estimated transactions costs are approximately SEK 45 million.  
Shareholder’s equity has been adjusted with the non-cash issue which increases shareholder’s equity with 
SEK 19,054 million based on Castellum’s share price as of 30 July 2021 of SEK 241,10 per share. 
Furthermore, deduction is made for transactions costs of SEK 45 million and the acquired equity according 
to Kungsleden’s Q2 report, by SEK 19,367 million. That gives a net adjustment of SEK -358 million. 
Estimated direct costs for the issue are not significant.  
 
Equity, proforma adjustments 
 
(SEK million) 
Non-cash issue 
19,054 
Transaction costs 
-45 
Acquired equity as at 30 June 2021 
-19,367 
Pro Forma Adjustment 
-358

--- Page 144 ---
144 
 
 
C 
Interest bearing debt has increased with the cash component in the Offer, equal to SEK 7,806 million and 
transactions costs of SEK 45 million, in total SEK 7,851 million. 
D 
According to Kungsleden’s Annual Report for 2020, temporary differences regarding investment properties 
are SEK 24,457 million, of which deferred tax is SEK 5,038 million based on a tax rate of 20.6 per cent. The 
information reflects the value as of 31 December 2020 since Castellum does not have any more updated 
information as at 30 June 2021. According to Castellum’s assessment, the situation as at 31 December 2020 
are sufficiently reliable in order to use as a base for preparation of the pro forma financial information as of 
30 June 2021. Accounted deferred tax regarding investment properties according to Kungsleden’s Annual 
report 2020, is SEK 3,333 million. Thus, there is a difference of SEK 1,705 million. At the time of 
preparation of the pro forma financial information, the transaction has been classified as a business 
combination in accordance with IFRS 3, meaning that deferred tax must be reported on all temporary 
differences. The effect of this entails an adjustment for additional deferred tax of SEK 1,705 million. With 
respect to this adjustment of deferred tax of SEK 1,705 million, a corresponding amount will have an impact 
on goodwill (i.e. an increase of the goodwill amount recognised). 
 
Deferred tax, proforma adjustments 
 
(SEK million) 
Temporary difference properties as at 31 December 2020 
according to Kungsleden’s Annual Report 
24,457 
Deferred tax 20.6 per cent. on above 
-5,038 
Of which accounted for in the balance sheet as at 31 
December 2020 according to Kungsleden’s Annual 
Report 
-3,333 
Pro Forma Adjustment 
1,705 
E 
Kungsleden accounts for positive and negative values in derivatives gross, i.e. positive values as an asset and 
negative values as a liability. Since Castellum, based on materiality accounts for derivatives net, the pro 
forma amounts are adjusted accordingly, i.e. derivatives are presented net as Derivative liabilities.

--- Page 145 ---
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S ASSURANCE REPORT ON THE COMPILATION OF PRO FORMA 
FINANCIAL INFORMATION INCLUDED IN A PROSPECTUS 
To the Board of Directors of Castellum AB, corporate identity number: 556475-5550 
Report on the Compilation of Pro Forma Financial Information Included in a Prospectus  
We have completed our assurance engagement to report on the compilation of pro forma financial 
information of Castellum AB (“Castellum”) by the Board of Directors and Management of Castellum. The 
pro forma financial information consists of the unaudited pro forma balance sheet as at 30 June 2021 and 
the unaudited pro forma statement of income for the six months ended 30 June 2021, and related notes 
as set out in section “Unaudited Pro Forma Financial Information” of the Base Prospectus dated 20 
August 2021 issued by Castellum (the “Base Prospectus”). The applicable criteria on the basis of which 
the Board of Directors and Management of Castellum have compiled the pro forma financial information 
are specified in Annex 20 of the Commission delegated regulation (EU) No. 2019/980 and described in 
the section “Unaudited Pro Forma Financial Information” of the Base Prospectus. 
The pro forma financial information has been compiled by the Board of Directors and Management of 
Castellum to illustrate (i) the impact of the acquisition of all shares in Kungsleden AB (the “Offer”) as set 
out in section “Unaudited Pro Forma Financial Information” of the Base Prospectus on Castellum’s 
consolidated financial position as of 30 June 2021 and its consolidated financial performance for the 
period ended 30 June 2021 as if the Offer had taken place at 30 June 2021 and 1 January 2021 
respectively. 
As part of this process, information about Castellum’s and Kungsleden AB’s consolidated financial position 
and financial performance has been extracted by the Board of Directors and Management of Castellum 
from Castellum’s and Kungsleden AB’s interim financial statements for the six months ended 30 June 
2021, on which no audit but a review report has been published for Castellum and no audit or review 
report has been published for Kungsleden AB.  
The Board of Directors’ and Management’s Responsibility for the Pro Forma Financial 
Information  
The Board of Directors and Management of Castellum are responsible for compiling the pro forma 
financial information on the basis of the applicable criteria. 
Our Independence and Quality Control  
We have complied with the independence and other ethical requirements of the Code of Ethics for 
Professional Accountants issued by the International Ethics Standards Board for Accountants, which is 
founded on fundamental principles of integrity, objectivity, professional competence and due care, 
confidentiality and professional behavior.  
The firm applies International Standard on Quality Control 1 and accordingly maintains a comprehensive 
system of quality control including documented policies and procedures regarding compliance with ethical 
requirements, professional standards and applicable legal and regulatory requirements.  
Auditor's Responsibilities  
Our responsibility is to express an opinion, as required by Regulation (EU) No. 2019/980 about whether 
the pro forma financial information has been compiled by the Board of Directors and Management of 
Castellum on the basis of the applicable criteria.

--- Page 146 ---
We conducted our engagement in accordance with International Standard on Assurance Engagements 
(ISAE) 3420, Assurance Engagements to Report on the Compilation of Pro Forma Financial Information 
Included in a Prospectus, issued by the International Auditing and Assurance Standards Board. This 
standard requires that the auditor plan and perform procedures to obtain reasonable assurance about 
whether the Board of Directors and Management have compiled, the pro forma financial information on 
the basis of the applicable criteria and whether this basis is consistent with the accounting policies of 
Castellum. Our work primarily consisted of comparing the unadjusted financial information with the 
source documents as described in section “Unaudited Pro Forma Financial Information” of the Base 
Prospectus, considering the evidence supporting the adjustments and discussing the pro forma financial 
information with Management of Castellum. 
The aforementioned opinion does not require an audit of historical unadjusted financial information, the 
adjustments to conform the accounting policies of Kungsleden AB to the accounting policies of Castellum, 
or the assumptions summarized in section “Unaudited Pro Forma Financial Information” of the Base 
Prospectus. For purposes of this engagement, we are not responsible for updating or reissuing any 
reports or opinions on any historical financial information used in compiling the pro forma financial 
information, nor have we, in the course of this engagement, performed an audit or review of the financial 
information used in compiling the pro forma financial information. 
The purpose of pro forma financial information included in a Prospectus is solely to illustrate the impact 
of a significant event or transaction on unadjusted financial information of the entity as if the event had 
occurred or the transaction had been undertaken at an earlier date selected for purposes of the 
illustration. Because of its nature, the Pro Forma Financial Information addresses a hypothetical situation 
and, therefore, does not represent Castellum’s actual financial position or performance.  Accordingly, we 
do not provide any assurance that the actual outcome of the Offer at 30 June 2021 or the six months 
ended 30 June 2021 would have been as presented. 
A reasonable assurance engagement to report on whether the pro forma financial information has been 
compiled, on the basis of the applicable criteria involves performing procedures to assess whether the 
applicable criteria used by the Board of Directors and Management in the compilation of the pro forma 
financial information provide a reasonable basis for presenting the significant effects directly attributable 
to the event or transaction, and to obtain sufficient appropriate evidence about whether: 
(i) 
The related pro forma adjustments give appropriate effect to those criteria; 
(ii) 
The pro forma financial information reflects the proper application of those adjustments 
to the unadjusted financial information; 
(iii) 
The pro forma financial information has been compiled on a basis consistent with the 
accounting policies of Castellum. 
The procedures selected depend on the auditor's judgment, having regard to the auditor's understanding 
of the nature of the company, the event or transaction in respect of which the pro forma financial 
information has been compiled, and other relevant engagement circumstances. 
The engagement also involves evaluating the overall presentation of the pro forma financial information. 
We believe that the evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our 
opinion.

--- Page 147 ---
Opinion  
In our opinion, the pro forma financial information has been properly compiled on the basis stated in 
section “Unaudited Pro Forma Financial Information” of the Base Prospectus and that basis is consistent 
with the accounting policies applied by Castellum. 
Gothenburg,   20 August 2021 
Deloitte AB 
 
Harald Jagner 
Authorized Public Accountant

--- Page 148 ---
148 
 
 
TAXATION 
SWEDISH TAXATION 
The following summary outlines certain Swedish tax consequences of the acquisition, ownership and 
disposal of Notes. The summary is based on the laws of the Kingdom of Sweden as currently in effect and is 
intended to provide general information only. The summary is not exhaustive and thus does not address all 
potential aspects of Swedish taxation that may be relevant for a potential investor in the Notes and is neither 
intended to be nor should be construed as legal or tax advice. In particular, the summary does not address 
the rules regarding reporting obligations for, among others, payers of interest. Specific tax consequences 
may be applicable to certain categories of corporations, e.g. investment companies and life insurance 
companies, not described below. Investors should consult their professional tax advisors regarding the 
Swedish and foreign tax consequences (including the applicability and effect of double taxation treaties) of 
acquiring, owning and disposing of Notes in their particular circumstances. 
Non-resident holders of Notes 
As used herein, a non-resident holder means a holder of Notes who is (a) an individual who is not a resident 
of Sweden for tax purposes and who has no connection to Sweden other than his/her investment in the Notes, 
or (b) an entity not organised under the laws of Sweden. 
Payments of any principal amount or any amount that is considered to be interest for Swedish tax purposes to 
a non-resident holder of any Notes should not be subject to Swedish income tax provided that such holder 
does not carry out business activities from a permanent establishment in Sweden to which the Notes are 
effectively connected. Under Swedish tax law, no withholding tax is imposed on payments of principal or 
interest to a non-resident holder of any Notes. 
Private individuals who are not resident in the Kingdom of Sweden for tax purposes may be liable to capital 
gains taxation in the Kingdom of Sweden upon disposal or redemption of certain financial instruments, 
depending on the classification of the particular financial instrument for Swedish income tax purposes, if 
they have been resident in the Kingdom of Sweden or have lived permanently in the Kingdom of Sweden at 
any time during the calendar year of disposal or redemption or the ten calendar years preceding the year of 
disposal or redemption. 
Resident holders of Notes 
As used herein, a resident holder means a holder of Notes who is (a) an individual who is a resident in 
Sweden for tax purposes or (b) an entity organised under the laws of Sweden. 
Generally, all capital income (e.g. amounts that are considered to be interest for Swedish tax purposes and 
capital gains on the Notes) obtained by individuals (and estates of deceased individuals) resident in Sweden 
for tax purposes will be taxable at a rate of 30 per cent.  
Limited liability companies and other legal entities (except partnerships and estates of deceased individuals) 
are normally taxed on all income (including income from the disposal of the Notes) as income from business 
operations at a flat rate of 20.6 per cent. as from 1 January 2021. 
Swedish tax law does not impose withholding tax on payments of principal or interest to a resident holder of 
Notes. However, if amounts that are considered to be interest for Swedish tax purposes are paid to a private 
individual (or an estate of a deceased individual) that is a resident holder of Notes, Swedish preliminary tax 
(Sw: preliminärskatt) is normally withheld on such payments at a rate of 30 per cent.

--- Page 149 ---
149 
 
 
FINNISH TAXATION 
The following summary outlines certain Finnish tax consequences of the acquisition, ownership and disposal 
of Notes issued by Castellum Finance. The summary is based on the tax laws of Finland as in effect on the 
date of this Base Prospectus, and is subject to changes in Finnish law, including changes that could have a 
retroactive effect. The following summary does not purport to be a comprehensive description of all Finnish 
tax law considerations that could be relevant for holders of the Notes and does not take into account or 
discuss the tax laws of any country other than Finland. This summary addresses neither Finnish gift nor 
inheritance tax consequences. Prospective investors are advised to consult their own professional tax 
advisors as to the tax consequences relating to investments in the Notes.  
Withholding Tax  
All payments made by Castellum Finance under the Notes other than to Finnish resident individuals may be 
made free of withholding or deduction for any taxes of whatsoever nature imposed, levied withheld or 
assessed by Finland. 
Finnish Resident Individuals and Estates 
If the recipient of interest paid on the Notes is a resident individual or an undistributed estate of a deceased 
Finnish resident, such interest is subject to advance withholding tax in accordance with the Finnish 
Withholding Tax Act (20.12.1996/1118, as amended) and final taxation as capital income in accordance with 
the Finnish Income Tax Act (30.12.1992/1535, as amended) (the Finnish Income Tax Act). The current 
withholding tax rate is 30 per cent. The advance tax withheld is credited against the final tax payable by the 
recipient of interest paid on the Notes. The final capital income tax rate is 30 per cent. (34 per cent. of the 
capital income exceeding EUR 30,000).  
A tax at source, in accordance with the Act on Tax at Source of Interest Income (1341/1990, as amended), 
has to be withheld from the interest paid to a resident individual or an undistributed estate of deceased 
Finnish resident, unless otherwise indicated below. The tax at source is currently 30 per cent of the amount 
of interest paid. The Act on Tax at Source of Interest Income (1341/1990, as amended) is not applicable, 
inter alia, if a prospectus does not have to be prepared with respect to the Notes due to (i) the Notes being 
provided to qualified investors only, (ii) the offer being addressed in each country belonging to the EEA to a 
maximum number of under 150 investors who are not qualified investors, or (iii) the Notes not being offered 
for a consideration of less than EUR 100,000 per investor and for each separate offer or in denomination of 
less than EUR 100,000 per unit.  
Any gain or loss realised following a disposal of the Notes is taxable income or a tax deductible loss for the 
relevant Noteholder. If the Notes are disposed of during the loan period, any capital gain received is taxed as 
capital income at a flat rate of 30 per cent. (34 per cent. of the capital income exceeding EUR 30,000). 
Capital losses are deductible from all capital income. If the losses cannot be deducted from capital gains 
and/or other capital income incurred during the loss year, the undeducted portion would be used as the basis 
for confirming the capital losses for that tax year, and those confirmed losses would be deductible from 
capital gains and other capital income for the next five years. 
Eventual interests, capital gains or losses shall be reported in the annual tax return. 
Finnish Resident Corporations 
If the recipient of interest paid on the Notes is a corporation residing in Finland as further defined in the 
Finnish Income Tax Act, such interest is not subject to any preliminary withholding. The interest is subject 
to final taxation of the recipient in accordance with the Finnish Business Income Tax Act (24.6.1968/360, as 
amended). The current rate of corporate income tax is 20 per cent.

--- Page 150 ---
150 
 
 
Any gain or loss realised following a disposal of the Notes is taxable income or a tax deductible loss for the 
relevant Noteholder. Capital gains are currently taxed at a flat rate of 20 per cent. Generally, a capital loss is 
deductible from the resident corporations’ income arising in the same year and during the following ten 
fiscal years. 
Eventual interests, capital gains or losses shall be reported in the annual tax return. 
Non-Residents 
Non-residents are not subject to taxation in Finland under the Notes. 
The interest paid to an individual or a corporation not residing in Finland may be subject to tax regulations in 
their state of residence. 
Transfer Tax 
Generally, the transfer tax amounting 1.6 per cent. is payable on transfers or sales of the securities. However, 
the Notes are not classified as securities within the meaning of the Finnish Transfer Tax Act 
(29.11.1996/931, as amended) and, thus, transfer tax is not payable, provided that the yield of the Note is not 
determined by the profit of the Issuer or by the amount of dividend or otherwise entitles to the share of 
annual profit or surplus of the Issuer. 
No transfer tax is payable in Finland on transfers or sales of the securities admitted to trading on the 
regulated market or other multi-lateral trading facility. 
FATCA DISCLOSURE 
Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as FATCA, a 
foreign financial institution (as defined by FATCA) may be required to withhold on certain payments it 
makes (foreign passthru payments) to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting or related 
requirements. Each Issuer may be a foreign financial institution for these purposes. A number of jurisdictions 
(including Sweden and the Republic of Finland) have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, 
intergovernmental agreements with the United States to implement FATCA (IGAs), which modify the way 
in which FATCA applies in their jurisdictions. Under the provisions of IGAs as currently in effect, a foreign 
financial institution in an IGA jurisdiction would generally not be required to withhold under FATCA or an 
IGA from payments that it makes. Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to 
instruments such as Notes, including whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or an 
IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as Notes, are uncertain and may be subject to change. 
Even if withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on 
instruments such as Notes, such withholding would not apply prior to the date that is two years after the date 
on which final regulations defining foreign passthru payments are published in the U.S. Federal Register and 
Notes that are characterised as debt (or which are not otherwise characterised as equity and have a fixed 
term) for U.S. federal tax purposes that are issued on or prior to the date that is six months after the date on 
which final regulations defining foreign passthru payments are published generally would be 
“grandfathered” for purposes of FATCA withholding unless materially modified after such date (including 
by reason of a substitution of the Issuer). However, if additional Notes (as described under Condition 17 
(Further Issues)) that are not distinguishable from previously issued Notes are issued after the expiration of 
the grandfathering period and are subject to withholding under FATCA, then withholding agents may treat 
all Notes, including the Notes offered prior to the expiration of the grandfathering period, as subject to 
withholding under FATCA. Holders should consult their own tax advisers regarding how these rules may 
apply to their investment in the Notes. In the event any withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA

--- Page 151 ---
151 
 
 
or an IGA with respect to payments on the Notes, no person will be required to pay additional amounts as a 
result of the withholding. 
The proposed financial transactions tax (FTT)  
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the Commission's Proposal) for a 
Directive for a common FTT in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, Portugal, 
Slovenia and Slovakia (the participating Member States).  However, Estonia has since stated that it will 
not participate. 
The Commission's Proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings in Notes 
(including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances. Primary market transactions referred to 
in Article 5(c) of Regulation (EC) No 1287/2006 are expected to be exempt. 
Under the Commission's Proposal the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and 
outside of the participating Member States.  Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in Notes where at 
least one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a participating Member State.  
A financial institution may be, or be deemed to be "established" in a participating Member State in a broad 
range of circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person established in a participating Member 
State or (b) where the financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued in a participating 
Member State. 
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between participating Member States.  It may 
therefore be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains unclear.  Additional EU 
Member States may decide to participate.  
Prospective holders of Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the FTT.

--- Page 152 ---
152 
 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
The Dealers have, in an Amended and Restated Programme Agreement (such Programme Agreement as 
modified and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the Programme Agreement) dated 20 
August 2021, agreed with the Issuers and the Guarantor a basis upon which they or any of them may from 
time to time agree to purchase Notes.  Any such agreement will extend to those matters stated under "Form 
of the Notes" and "Terms and Conditions of the Notes".  In the Programme Agreement, the Issuers (failing 
which, the Guarantor) have agreed to reimburse the Dealers for certain of their expenses in connection with 
the establishment and any future update of the Programme and the issue of Notes under the Programme and 
to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities incurred by them in connection therewith. 
SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
United States 
The Notes and Guarantee have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or the securities 
laws of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States and may not be offered or sold within the United 
States to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain transactions exempt from or not 
subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act.  Terms used in this paragraph have the 
meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act.  
The Notes in bearer form are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered 
within the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions 
permitted by U.S. Treasury regulations.  Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by 
the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and Treasury regulations promulgated thereunder.  The applicable 
Final Terms will identify whether TEFRA C rules or TEFRA D rules apply or whether TEFRA is not 
applicable. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it will not offer, sell or deliver Notes (a) as part of their distribution at 
any time or (b) otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the distribution of all Notes of the Tranche of 
which such Notes are a part, within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons 
except in accordance with Regulation S of the Securities Act.  Each Dealer has further agreed, and each 
further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, that it will send to each dealer to 
which it sells any Notes during the distribution compliance period a confirmation or other notice setting forth 
the restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit 
of, U.S. persons. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the 
Securities Act. 
Until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of any Series of Notes, an offer or sale of such Notes 
within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the 
registration requirements of the Securities Act if such offer or sale is made otherwise than in accordance with 
an available exemption from registration under the Securities Act. 
Prohibition of sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" as 
"Not Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available 
and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail 
investor in the EEA.  For the purposes of this provision:

--- Page 153 ---
153 
 
 
(a) 
the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
MiFID II); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the Insurance Distribution 
Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in 
point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the Prospectus 
Regulation); and 
(b) 
the expression an offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide 
to purchase or subscribe for the Notes.  
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" as "Not 
Applicable", in relation to each Member State of the EEA, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each 
further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made 
and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus as completed by the final terms in relation thereto to the public in that Member State except that 
it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in that Member State: 
(A) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; 
(B) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation) subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers 
nominated by the relevant Issuer for any such offer; or 
(C) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (A) to (C) above shall require the relevant Issuer or any 
Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus 
pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision:  
 
the expression an offer of Notes to the public in relation to any Notes in any Member State means 
the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer 
and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the 
Notes; and 
 
the expression Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129.

--- Page 154 ---
154 
 
 
United Kingdom 
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" as 
"Not Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available 
and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail 
investor in the UK. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) 
No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression an offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide 
to purchase or subscribe for the Notes.  
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" as "Not 
Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes 
which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the final terms in 
relation thereto to the public in the UK except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in the 
UK: 
(A) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK 
Prospectus Regulation; 
(B) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in 
Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the UK subject to obtaining the prior consent of the 
relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the relevant Issuer for any such offer; or 
(C) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA,  
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (A) to (C) above shall require the relevant Issuer or any 
Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to 
Article 23 of the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision: 
 
the expression an offer of Notes to the public in relation to any Notes means the communication in 
any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be 
offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes; and

--- Page 155 ---
155 
 
 
 
the expression UK Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Other regulatory restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one year, (i) it is a person whose ordinary 
activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or 
agent) for the purposes of its business and (ii) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any 
Notes other than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing 
or disposing of investments (as principal or as agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it is 
reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for 
the purposes of their businesses where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a 
contravention of Section 19 of the FSMA by the relevant Issuer; 
(b) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of 
Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in 
circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the relevant Issuer or the 
Guarantor; and 
(c) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything 
done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom. 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of 
Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended; the FIEA) and each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each 
further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not, 
directly or indirectly, offered or sold Notes and will not offer or sell any Notes, directly or indirectly, in 
Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan (as defined under Item 5, Paragraph 1, Article 6 of the 
Foreign Exchange and Foreign Trade Act (Act No. 228 of 1949, as amended)), or to others for re-offering or 
resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, a resident of Japan, except pursuant to an 
exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the FIEA and any other 
applicable laws, regulations and ministerial guidelines of Japan. 
Belgium 
Other than in respect of Notes for which "Prohibition of Sales to Belgian Consumers" is specified as "Not 
Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that an offering of Notes may not be 
advertised to any individual in Belgium qualifying as a consumer within the meaning of Article I.1 of the 
Belgian Code of Economic Law, as amended from time to time (a Belgian Consumer) and that it has not 
offered, sold or resold, transferred or delivered, and will not offer, sell, resell, transfer or deliver, the Notes, 
and that it has not distributed, and will not distribute, any prospectus, memorandum, information circular, 
brochure or any similar documents in relation to the Notes, directly or indirectly, to any Belgian Consumer. 
Sweden  
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree that it will not, directly or indirectly, offer for subscription or purchase or 
issue invitations to subscribe for or buy Notes or distribute any draft or definitive document in relation to any

--- Page 156 ---
156 
 
 
such offer, invitation or sale except in circumstances that will not result in a requirement to prepare a 
prospectus for an offer to the public pursuant to the provisions of the Prospectus Regulation. 
Finland 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it will not underwrite the issue of, or offer, sell advertise or otherwise 
market or place the Notes, in the Republic of Finland otherwise than in conformity with all applicable 
provisions of the laws of the Republic of Finland and especially in compliance with the Prospectus 
Regulation and the Finnish Securities Markets Act (in Finnish arvopaperimarkkinalaki 746/2012, as 
amended) as well as the regulations issued pursuant thereto and that the Notes will not and may not be 
offered, sold, advertised or otherwise marketed in Finland under circumstances that would constitute a non-
exempt offer of the Notes to the public under the Prospectus Regulation and the Finnish Securities Markets 
Act and that any offers of the Notes in Finland will only be made in accordance with the restrictions and 
qualifications as set forth above in "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors". 
Singapore 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that this Base Prospectus has not been and will not be registered as a 
prospectus with the Monetary Authority of Singapore (MAS). Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and 
agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree that, 
it has not offered or sold any Notes or caused the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for 
subscription or purchase and will not offer or sell any Notes or cause the Notes to be made the subject of an 
invitation for subscription or purchase and has not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, 
this Base Prospectus or any other document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for 
subscription or purchase of any Notes, whether directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than 
(i) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA), (ii) 
to a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA, or to 
any person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance with the conditions specified in 
Section 275 of the SFA; or (iii) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any other 
applicable provision of the SFA. 
Where the Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which is: 
(a) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole 
business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or 
more individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or 
(b) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments and 
each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor, 
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of that 
corporation or the beneficiaries' rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be transferred 
within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Notes pursuant to an offer made under 
Section 275 of the SFA except: 
(a) 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or to any person arising from an offer referred to 
in Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(i)(B) of the SFA; 
(c) 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; 
(d) 
where the transfer is by operation of law;

--- Page 157 ---
157 
 
 
(e) 
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or 
(f) 
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities and 
Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018 of Singapore. 
Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) of the SFA – Unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, all Notes shall be 'prescribed capital markets products' (as defined in the Securities and Futures 
(Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the SF (CMP) Regulations) and Excluded 
Investment Products (as defined in the MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products 
and in the MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products). 
General 
Each Dealer has agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree 
that it will (to the best of its knowledge and belief) comply with all applicable securities laws and regulations 
in force in any jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or possesses or distributes 
this Base Prospectus and will obtain any consent, approval or permission required by it for the purchase, 
offer, sale or delivery by it of Notes under the laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction to which it is 
subject or in which it makes such purchases, offers, sales or deliveries and neither the Issuers, the Guarantor 
nor any of the other Dealers shall have any responsibility therefor. 
None of the Issuers, the Guarantor and the Dealers represents that Notes may at any time lawfully be sold in 
compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to any 
exemption available thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating such sale.

--- Page 158 ---
158 
 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Authorisation 
The establishment of the Programme was duly authorised by a resolution of the Board of Directors of 
Castellum AB dated 14 June 2018 and the issue of Notes thereunder was duly authorised by a resolution of 
the Board of Directors of Castellum AB dated 16 October 2018. The update of the Programme and, in the 
case of Castellum AB only, the giving of the Guarantee has been duly authorised, as applicable, by (a) 
resolutions of the Board of Directors of Castellum AB dated 8-9 June 2021 and 14 July 2021 and (b) a 
resolution of the Board of Directors of Castellum Finance dated 11 August 2021.  
Listing of Notes 
Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for Notes issued under the Programme during the period of 
twelve months from the date of this Base Prospectus to be admitted to the Official List and trading on the 
Euronext Dublin Regulated Market. The approval of the Programme in respect of the Notes was granted on 
or about 20 August 2021. 
Listing Agent 
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited is acting solely in its capacity as listing agent for the Issuers in 
connection with the Notes and is not itself seeking admission of the Notes to the Official List or to trading on 
the Euronext Dublin Regulated Market for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. 
Documents Available 
For the period of 12 months following the date of this Base Prospectus, copies of the following documents 
will, 
when 
published, 
be 
available 
for 
inspection 
in 
electronic 
form 
at 
: 
https://www.castellum.se/en/Investorrelations/financing/emtn-programme/:  
(a) 
the constitutional documents (with an English translation thereof) of Castellum AB and Castellum 
Finance; 
(b) 
the Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant, the Guarantee and the forms of the Global Notes, the 
Notes in definitive form, the Coupons and the Talons; 
(c) 
a copy of this Base Prospectus; and 
(d) 
any future base prospectuses, prospectuses, information memoranda, supplements and Final Terms 
to this Base Prospectus and any other documents incorporated herein or therein by reference. 
Clearing Systems 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (which are the 
entities in charge of keeping the records).  The appropriate Common Code and ISIN for each Tranche of 
Notes allocated by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable, will be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. If the Notes are to clear through an additional or alternative clearing system the 
appropriate information will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The address of Euroclear is Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels. The 
address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is Clearstream Banking, 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg.

--- Page 159 ---
159 
 
 
Conditions for determining price 
The price and amount of Notes to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the relevant Issuer 
and each relevant Dealer at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions. 
Significant or Material Change 
There has been no significant change in the financial performance or financial position of Castellum AB or 
the Group since 30 June 2021 and there has been no material adverse change in the financial position or 
prospects of Castellum AB since 31 December 2020.  
There has been no significant change in the financial performance or financial position of Castellum Finance 
since the date of its incorporation and there has been no material adverse change in the financial position or 
prospects of Castellum Finance since the date of its incorporation. 
Litigation 
Neither Castellum AB, Castellum Finance, nor any other member of the Group is or has been involved in 
any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending or 
threatened of which the Issuers are aware) in the 12 months preceding the date of this document which may 
have or have in such period had a significant effect on the financial position or profitability of Castellum AB, 
Castellum Finance and/or the Group. 
Auditors  
The auditors of Castellum AB are Deloitte AB, Södra Hamngatan 53, Box 33, Gothenburg, Sweden, 
Swedish authorised public accountants (authorised and regulated by the Supervisory Board of Public 
Accountants – Karlavägen 104, 115 26 Stockholm, Sweden), who have audited Castellum's accounts, 
without qualification, in accordance with IFRS for each of the financial years ended on 31 December 2020 
and 31 December 2019. 
The auditors of Castellum Finance are Deloitte Ab, Salmisaarenaukio 2, FI-00180 Helsinki, Finland (an 
audit firm approved and supervised by the Finnish Patent and Registration Office (PRH), Audit Oversight 
Unit) with Aleksi Martamo, Authorised Public Accountant, as the auditor with principal responsibility, who 
have been appointed as independent auditors of Castellum Finance for the initial accounting period of 
Castellum Finance, which commenced on 28 June 2021 (being its date of incorporation) and ends on 31 
December 2021. Aleksi Martamo is registered in the auditor register in accordance with Chapter 6 Section 9 
in the Finnish Auditing Act (1141/2015, as amended). 
Dealers transacting with the Issuers and the Guarantor 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking 
and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for the Issuers, the Guarantor 
and their respective affiliates in the ordinary course of business. Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates 
may have positions, deal or make markets in the Notes issued under the Programme, related derivatives and 
reference obligations, including (but not limited to) entering into hedging strategies on behalf of the Issuers, 
the Guarantor and their respective affiliates, investor clients, or as principal in order to manage their 
exposure, their general market risk, or other trading activities. 
In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may make or 
hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative 
securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of 
their customers. Such investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of the 
Issuers, the Guarantor or their respective affiliates. Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates that have a

--- Page 160 ---
160 
 
 
lending relationship with the Issuers and/or the Guarantor routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Issuers 
and the Guarantor consistent with their customary risk management policies. Typically, such Dealers and 
their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions which consist of either the purchase 
of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions in securities, including potentially the Notes issued 
under the Programme. Any such positions could adversely affect future trading prices of Notes issued under 
the Programme. The Dealers and their affiliates may also make investment recommendations and/or publish 
or express independent research views in respect of such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or 
recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and instruments. 
Website 
Castellum’s website is www.castellum.se. For the avoidance of doubt, the contents of any website referred to 
in this Base Prospectus do not form part of this Base Prospectus unless specifically incorporated by reference 
herein. 
Language of this Base Prospectus 
The language of this Base Prospectus is English. Certain legislative references and technical terms have been 
cited in their original language in order that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed to them under 
applicable law.

--- Page 161 ---
161 
 
 
 
ISSUERS 
Castellum AB 
Östra Hamngatan 16 
Gothenburg 
Sweden 
Castellum Helsinki Finance Holding Abp 
Lautatarhankatu 6 
00580 Helsinki 
Finland 
GUARANTOR 
Castellum AB 
Östra Hamngatan 16 
Gothenburg 
Sweden 
PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT, EXCHANGE AGENT AND TRANSFER AGENT 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
6th Floor, Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
REGISTRAR 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Reuterweg 16 
60323 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Issuers as to English law 
To the Issuers as to Swedish law 
Allen & Overy LLP 
Mannheimer Swartling Advokatbyrå AB 
One Bishops Square 
Östra Hamngatan 16 
London E1 6AD 
Box 2235 
United Kingdom 
SE-403 14 Göteborg  
 
Sweden 
To the Issuers as to Finnish law 
Castren & Snellman Attorneys Ltd 
PO Box 233 (Eteläesplanadi 14) 
FI-00131 Helsinki 
Finland 
To the Dealers as to English law  
To the Dealers as to Swedish law 
Linklaters LLP 
Linklaters Advokatbyrå Aktiebolag 
One Silk Street 
Regeringsgatan 67 
London EC2Y 8HQ 
Box 7833 
United Kingdom 
103 98 Stockholm 
 
Sweden

--- Page 162 ---
162 
 
 
AUDITORS 
To Castellum AB 
Deloitte AB 
Södra Hamngatan 53 
Box 33, Gothenburg 
Sweden 
To Castellum Helsinki Finance Holding Abp 
Deloitte Ab 
Salmisaarenaukio 2 
FI-00180 Helsinki 
Finland  
 
DEALERS 
 
BNP Paribas 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
16, boulevard des Italiens  
75009 Paris 
France 
Reuterweg 16 
60323 Frankfurt am Main 
 
Germany 
 
 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited 
Danske Bank A/S 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
2-12 Holmens Kanal  
DK-1092 Copenhagen K 
Canary Wharf 
Denmark  
London E14 5LB 
 
United Kingdom 
 
J.P. Morgan AG 
Nordea Bank Abp 
Taunustor 1 (TaunusTurm) 
Satamaradankatu 5 
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
00020 Nordea 
Germany 
Helsinki 
Finland 
Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ) 
Svenska Handelsbanken AB (publ) 
Kungsträdgårdsgatan 8 
Blasieholmstorg 11 
SE-106 40 Stockholm 
SE-106 70 Stockholm 
Sweden 
Sweden 
Swedbank AB (publ) 
SE – 105 34 
Stockholm 
Sweden 
LISTING AGENT 
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited 
Ten Earlsfort Terrace 
Dublin 2 
Ireland