--- Page 1 ---
1 (83) 
 
 
This Base Prospectus was approved by the Swedish Financial Supervision Authority on 23 August 2024. 
The Base Prospectus is valid for twelve (12) months after the date of its approval, provided that the 
Base Prospectus is supplemented in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129. The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of significant new factors, 
material mistakes or material inaccuracies does not apply when the Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
 
 
 
 
CATELLA AB (PUBL) 
 
Base Prospectus  
for SEK 3,000,000,000 Swedish Medium Term Note Programme 
 
 
 
 
 
Arranger 
Nordea Bank Abp 
Dealers 
DNB Bank ASA, Swedish Branch 
Nordea Bank Abp

--- Page 2 ---
2 (83) 
 
 
 
Important information 
In this base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus"), the "Issuer" refers to Catella AB (publ), Reg. No. 556079-1419 and "Catella", the “Group” 
and the “Group Companies” refer to the Issuer, its subsidiaries and, as applicable, its affiliated companies, from time to time as the context 
may require. Further, "Euroclear Sweden" refers to Euroclear Sweden AB, "Nasdaq Stockholm" refers to the Swedish regulated market 
Nasdaq Stockholm or its operator Nasdaq Stockholm AB, as the context may require, "EUR" refers to Euro and "SEK" refers to Swedish 
kronor.  
    Words and expressions defined in the general terms and conditions for medium term notes (the "Terms and Conditions") beginning on 
page 26, and, as the case may be, in the final terms, the form of which beginning on page 67 (the "Final Terms") have the same meanings 
when used in this Base Prospectus, unless expressly stated or the context requires otherwise. 
    Complete information regarding the Issuer and the Loan may only be obtained through a review of the Final Terms together with the Base 
Prospectus. 
Notice to investors 
    This Base Prospectus has been prepared by the Issuer and contains information about its medium term note programme 
(the "Programme"). The Programme has been established by the Issuer to constitute a framework under which the Issuer from time to time 
may issue medium term notes ("Notes") in SEK or EUR, in a minimum Nominal Amount of EUR 100,000 (or the SEK equivalent) and with 
a minimum term of one year. The Issuer has undertaken towards the Dealers that the total outstanding Nominal Amount of Notes under the 
Programme shall not exceed an amount corresponding to SEK 3,000,000,000 at any time. Catella and the Dealers may agree to increase 
or decrease such amount. This Base Prospectus does not contain and does not constitute an offer or a solicitation to buy or sell Notes. 
    The Base Prospectus has been approved and registered by the Swedish Financial Supervisory Authority (Sw. Finansinspektionen) (the 
"SFSA") pursuant to Article 20 in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017 on the 
prospectus to be published when securities are offered to the public or admitted to trading on a regulated market, and repealing Directive 
2003/71/EC (the "Prospectus Regulation") and is valid for a period of twelve months from the day of approval. 
    This Base Prospectus is governed by Swedish law. The courts of Sweden have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute arising out of 
or in connection with this Base Prospectus. 
    This Base Prospectus may not be distributed in any jurisdiction where such distribution would require any additional prospectus, 
registration or measures other than those required under Swedish law, or otherwise would conflict with regulations in such jurisdiction. 
Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus may come are required to inform themselves about, and comply with, such restrictions. 
Any failure to comply with such restrictions may result in a violation of applicable securities regulations. The Notes have not been, and will 
not be, registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933 (the “Securities Act”) or the securities laws of any state or other jurisdiction 
outside Sweden. Accordingly, the Notes may only be offered, sold, or delivered (1) to Qualified Institutional Buyers within the meaning of 
Rule 144A under the Securities Act and (2) outside the United States to non-U.S. persons in reliance on Regulation S under the Securities 
Act.  
    No person has been authorised to provide any information or make any statements other than those contained in this Base Prospectus. 
Should such information or statements nevertheless be furnished, it/they must not be relied upon as having been authorised or approved 
by the Issuer and the Issuer assumes no responsibility for such information or statements. Neither the publication of this Base Prospectus 
nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Note implies that the information in this Base Prospectus is correct and current as at any date other 
than the date of this Base Prospectus or that there have not been any changes in the Issuer's or the Group’s business since the date of this 
Base Prospectus. If the information in this Base Prospectus becomes subject to any material change, such material change will be made 
public in accordance with the provisions governing the publication of supplements to prospectuses in the Prospectus Regulation. 
    Each potential investor in the Notes must in light of its own circumstances determine the suitability of the investment. 
In respect of the Notes, the relevant Dealer will undertake a target market assessment and determine the appropriate channels for 
distribution of the Notes. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into 
consideration the target market assessment. However, a distributor subject to Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II") is responsible 
for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels. 
    For the purpose of the MiFID Product Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the "MiFID Product Governance 
Rules"), a determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether the Arranger or any Dealer participating in the issue of the 
Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes. Neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates that do not 
participate in an issue will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MIFID Product Governance Rules. 
Forward-looking statements 
    The Base Prospectus contains certain forward-looking statements that reflect the Issuer's current views or expectations with respect to 
future events and financial and operational performance. The words "intend", "estimate", "expect", "may", "plan", "anticipate" or similar 
expressions regarding indications or forecasts of future developments or trends, which are not statements based on historical facts, 
constitute forward-looking information. Although the Issuer believes that these statements are based on reasonable assumptions and 
expectations, the Issuer cannot give any assurances that such statements will materialise. Because these forward-looking statements 
involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties, the outcome could differ materially from those set out in the forward-looking statement.

--- Page 3 ---
3 (83) 
 
TABLE OF CONTENT 
DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME ................................................................................................. 4 
RISK FACTORS .................................................................................................................................... 11 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS .................................................................................................................. 26 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS ..................................................................................................................... 67 
BUSINESS DESCRIPTION ................................................................................................................... 72 
THE ISSUER ......................................................................................................................................... 73 
LEGAL AND SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION ............................................................................... 80 
ADDRESSES ........................................................................................................................................ 83

--- Page 4 ---
4 (83) 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following is a description of the Programme and is qualified by the full conditions included in the 
section "Terms and Conditions" and "Form of Final Terms". 
GENERAL 
The Programme has been established by Catella AB (publ) for the issuance of medium term notes in 
SEK or EUR. A Note may be issued in EUR or SEK and with a minimum term of one year. Under a 
Loan, Notes may be issued in one or more tranches. The total outstanding Nominal Amount of Notes 
under the Programme shall not exceed SEK 3,000,000,000 at any time. The Issuer and the Dealers 
may agree to increase or decrease such amount. 
The Issuer has appointed Nordea Bank Abp as Arranger and DNB Bank ASA, Swedish Branch and 
Nordea Bank Abp as Dealers under the Programme. Additional Dealers may be appointed and Dealers 
may withdraw from their appointments. The Dealers have not verified and are not responsible for the 
contents of this Prospectus. 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS AND FINAL TERMS 
Notes issued under the Programme will be governed by the Terms and Conditions as well as the 
applicable Final Terms. The Terms and Conditions are standardised and apply to all Notes issued under 
the Programme. For each Loan, Final Terms are prepared that include supplementary terms and 
conditions for the relevant Loan. Applicable Final Terms must therefore be read in conjunction with the 
Terms and Conditions. The Final Terms will be submitted to the SFSA and published on the webpage 
of the Issuer. Any amendments (other than adjustments to clear and obvious errors and amendments 
made in accordance with Section 17 (Amendments and Waivers) in the Terms and Conditions) to the 
Terms and Conditions will not be effective to Notes issued prior to such amendment unless otherwise 
decided by way of a written procedure or a Noteholders' Meeting. 
FORM OF THE NOTES 
Notes will be issued in dematerialised book-entry form and registered on a Securities Account 
(maintained with Euroclear Sweden) on behalf of the relevant Noteholder. Hence, no physical notes will 
be issued. Notes will be registered in accordance with the Swedish Central Securities Depositories and 
Financial Instruments (Accounts) Act (Sw. lagen (1998:1479) om värdepapperscentraler och kontoföring 
av finansiella instrument). 
STATUS OF THE NOTES 
Upon issuance, Notes will constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured debt 
obligations of the Issuer and rank pari passu and without any preference among themselves and shall 
rank at least pari passu with all other present and future unsubordinated and unsecured obligations 
(except those obligations mandatorily preferred by regulation) of the Issuer. 
PRICING AND INTEREST 
The Pricing of the Notes cannot be established in advance but is set in connection with the relevant 
issue based on the prevailing market conditions. Notes may be issued at a price below or exceeding the 
relevant Nominal Amount. The interest (if any) applicable to Notes depends on several factors, one of 
which is the interest applicable to other investments with a corresponding term. Interest (if any) may be 
set at a floating interest rate based on EURIBOR or STIBOR, plus a margin, or at a fixed interest rate.

--- Page 5 ---
5 (83) 
 
SALES 
Primary sales will take place through the Dealers receiving issue and trade instructions from the Issuer 
and the investor. Payments for and delivery of the Notes takes place through an Issuing Dealer in the 
Euroclear system. 
REPRESENTATION OF THE NOTEHOLDERS 
Nordic Trustee & Agency AB (publ), Swedish reg. no. 556882-1879 (or any other party replacing it in 
accordance with the Terms and Conditions), is acting as Agent for the Noteholders in relation to the 
Notes and any other matter within its authority or duty in accordance with the Terms and Conditions. By 
acquiring Notes, each subsequent Noteholder confirms such appointment and authorisation for the 
Agent to act on its behalf, on the terms, including rights and obligations of the Agent, as set out in the 
Terms and Conditions. The Terms and Conditions and the applicable Final Terms are available at the 
Agent’s website, www.nordictrustee.com and at the Company’s website www.catella.com. 
TRANSFER RESTRICTIONS 
Notes will be freely transferable but the Noteholders may be subject to purchase or transfer restrictions 
with regard to Notes, as applicable, under local laws to which a Noteholder may be subject. Each 
Noteholder must ensure compliance with such restrictions at its own cost and expense. The Notes have 
not been, and will not be, registered under the Securities Act or the securities laws of any state or other 
jurisdiction outside Sweden. 
RISK FACTORS 
Investing in Notes involves substantial risks and prospective investors should refer to the section "Risk 
Factors" for a description of certain factors that they should carefully consider before deciding to invest 
in Notes. 
TAX 
Euroclear deducts withholding tax, currently thirty (30.00) per cent. on interest paid to private individuals 
resident in Sweden as well as to Swedish estates of inheritance.  
The above description does not constitute tax advice. The description is not exhaustive, but it is rather 
intended as general information on certain applicable rules. The tax legislation of the Noteholder's 
domicile may also have an impact on the income from the Notes. Noteholders must assess the tax 
consequences that may arise and should consult a tax adviser. 
ADMISSION TO TRADING 
Notes issued may be admitted to trading on a Regulated Market. If relevant, any intended admission of 
trading of Notes will be set out in the applicable Final Terms. The estimated costs associated with such 
admission will also be set out in the applicable Final Terms. Although the Issuer has undertaken to apply 
for admission to trading on a Regulated Market of Loans which according to the Final Terms must be 
admitted to trading on a Regulated Market, and, as long as permitted under applicable laws and 
regulations, to take any measures that may be required to maintain the admission as long as the relevant 
Loan is outstanding, there is no assurance that such application will be accepted, that Notes will be so 
admitted or that an active trading market will develop.

--- Page 6 ---
6 (83) 
 
GREEN NOTES 
The Issuer may issue Green Notes under the Programme. The Issuer has published a green notes 
framework for issues of Green Notes under this Programme which is available at www.catella.com. The 
green notes framework applies to a certain Loan if it is stated in the Final Terms of such Loan that the 
Green Notes are applicable. The green notes framework may from time to time be updated by the Issuer. 
Changes in the green notes framework that occur after the issue date for at certain Loan will not benefit 
Noteholders under the Loan. If the Issuer does not meet the terms set out in the applicable green notes 
framework in relation to a certain Loan, it does not constitute an event of default under the Terms and 
Conditions. The relevant Noteholders are in such case not entitled to early repayment or repurchase of 
Notes or other compensation. 
In order to enable Noteholders and other stakeholders to assess the development of projects funded by 
Green Notes, a green finance report including an allocation report and an impact report will be published 
as long as any Note is outstanding and will be available at the Issuer’s website www.catella.com. 
The Issuer has published a green notes framework dated August 2024, for issues of Green Notes under 
this Programme, which is available at the Issuer’s website www.catella.com. The green notes framework 
is drafted to comply with the Green Bond Principles 2021 (including the June 2022 Appendix), being 
voluntary process guidelines for issuances of green bonds and are developed by the International 
Capital Markets Association (ICMA) (the “GBP”). The Issuer’s green notes framework is as such aligned 
with the four core components of the GBP being (i) use of proceeds, (ii) process for project evaluation 
and selection, (iii) management of proceeds, and (iv) reporting, and has been subject to a second party 
opinion provided by Shades of Green, formerly part of CICERO, now a part of S&P Global dated 
6 August 2024. 
An amount equivalent to the net proceeds of any issuance of Green Notes under any Loan shall be used 
to finance or refinance, in part or in full, “Eligible Projects” that have been evaluated and selected by 
Catella in accordance with the green notes framework. 
To follow best market practice and adhere to relevant standards and guidelines in the Green Notes 
market, each green asset has been mapped against the different categories included in the ICMA GBPs 
and ICMA’s Environmental Objectives, the UN Sustainable Development Goals (the “UN SDGs”), as 
well as the relevant economic activities included in the EU Taxonomy Regulation (EU) 2020/852 (the 
“Taxonomy Regulation”) related to the environmental objects “Climate change mitigation” and 
“Climate change adaption”. 
According to the green notes framework, Eligible Projects shall include funds provided to finance 
projects which meet either of the criteria set out below: 
Green buildings 
Acquisition and ownership of buildings  
(i) 
Buildings built before 2021: The building has at least an Energy Performance 
Certificate (“EPC”) of class A, or alternatively, the building is within the top 15 per 
cent of the national or regional building stock in terms of Primary Energy Demand1 
(“PED”).  
 
1 The calculated amount of energy needed to meet the energy demand associated with the typical uses of a building expressed 
in kWh/m2 per year and based on the relevant national calculation methodology and as displayed on the Energy Performance 
Certificate (EPC).

--- Page 7 ---
7 (83) 
 
(ii) 
Buildings built after 31 December 2020: The building meets the criteria specified 
under “construction of new buildings” below. 
Construction of new buildings 
(i) 
Building that either have or will receive: 
(a) 
PED is at least 10 per cent lower than the threshold set for the nearly zero-
energy building (NZEB) requirements in national measures. The energy 
performance is certified using an as built EPC; or 
(b) 
The building has a minimum design phase environmental certification of 
BREEAM ‘Excellent’ or LEED ‘Gold’ or DGBN ‘Gold’ or equivalent design 
phase certification schemes and levels; and the building must also have, 
or be intended to receive, an Energy Performance Certificate (EPC) at 
above market performance2; and  
(c) 
A screening for material physical climate risks in accordance with the 
Taxonomy Regulation will be conducted by Catella. If needed, Catella will 
take actions to make the building more climate resilient. 
Renovation of existing buildings: 
(i) 
The building renovation complies with the applicable requirements for major 
renovations; and  
(ii) 
The building renovation leads to a minimum reduction of PED of at least 30 per cent. 
Renewable energy 
Electricity generation using solar photovoltaic technology: 
(i) 
Investments and expenditures related to the construction or operation of electricity 
generation facilities that produce electricity using solar photovoltaic technology or 
geothermal energy. 
(ii) 
The life cycle Greenhouse Gas (“GHG”) emissions from the generation of electricity 
from geothermal energy are lower than 100gCo 2 e/kWh.3 
Energy efficiency 
(i) 
The improvement of energy efficiency through, installation, replacement, 
maintenance, and repair of energy efficient light sources (LED), heating, ventilation 
and air conditioning (HVAC) or water heating systems, including equipment related 
to district heating services. 
(ii) 
The buildings must demonstrate energy efficiency metrics (such as Energy 
Performance certificate (for EU buildings) or NZEB) at above market performance. 
 
2 In the main markets Catella operates this means that f or Sweden, Spain and Germany the building will be required to have an 
EPC of A or B. For Denmark France, the UK, Finland, Portugal, Belgium and Norway this means A. For Netherlands this means 
A++ or above. Equivalent values will apply in other countries and will be evaluated on a case by case basis. 
3 Savings are calculated using Commission Recommendation 2013/179/EU and quantified GHG emissions are verified by an 
independent third party.

--- Page 8 ---
8 (83) 
 
The Green Notes will note be used to finance projects lined to fossil energy generation, research and/or 
development within weapons and defence, potentially environmentally negative resource extraction, 
gambling, or tobacco. 
The selection of Eligible Projects is managed by a committee consisting of Catella’s CEO, CFO, the 
Group Chief Accountant, and Head of ESG. All committee decisions are made in consensus. A register 
of all Eligible Projects is kept by the committee. 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The proceeds received by the Issuer under this Programme from any Notes shall be applied towards 
general corporate purposes of the Group or as specified in the Final Terms for the applicable Notes. 
The proceeds received by the Issuer under this Programme from any Green Notes shall be applied in 
accordance with the relevant green notes framework. 
TIME-BAR 
Claims for the repayment of the principal of Notes will be time-barred and become void ten (10) years 
after the Maturity Date. Claims for the payment of interest will be time-barred and become void three 
(3) years from the relevant Interest Payment Date. Upon time-bar, the Issuer will be entitled to keep any 
funds that may have been reserved for such payments. 
If the time-bar period is duly interrupted in accordance with the Swedish Limitations Act 
(Sw. preskriptionslagen (1981:130)) a new time-bar period of ten (10) years will commence for claims 
in respect of principal and three (3) years for claims in respect of interest amounts, in both cases 
calculated from the day indicated by provisions laid down in the Swedish Limitations Act concerning the 
effect of an interruption in the time-bar period. 
GOVERNING LAW 
The Loan Terms and any non-contractual obligations issues which arise in connection therewith, shall 
be governed by the laws of Sweden. Disputes shall be settled by Swedish courts. The Stockholm District 
Court (Sw. Stockholms tingsrätt) shall be the court of first instance. 
PRODUCT DESCRIPTION 
Interest structures 
Notes issued under the Programme may have a fixed or floating interest rate. The interest structure 
applicable to a specific Loan will be stated in the Final Terms. 
Fixed interest rate 
For Notes with a fixed interest rate, interest accrues in accordance with the rate specified in the 
applicable Final Terms from (but excluding) the Interest Commencement Date, up to (and including) 
the Redemption Date. 
Accrued interest for Notes with a fixed interest rate shall be paid in arrears on each Interest Payment 
Date and is calculated using the Day Count Convention specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 9 ---
9 (83) 
 
Floating interest rate (FRN) 
For Notes with a floating interest rate, interest accrues in accordance with the rate specified in the 
applicable Final Terms from (but excluding) the Interest Commencement Date, up to (and including) the 
Redemption Date. 
The interest rate for Notes with a floating interest rate is calculated by the Agent on each Interest 
Determination Date as the Base Rate for such period plus the applicable Margin (and adjusted by Clause 
18 (Replacement of Base Rate)). If the Base Rate and the Margin for the relevant period is below zero 
(0), the Interest Rate shall be deemed to be zero (0). Accrued interest for Notes shall be paid in arrears 
on each Interest Payment Date and is calculated using the Day Count Convention specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
EUROPEAN BENCHMARKS REGULATION 
Floating interest payable for Notes issued under the Programme may be calculated by reference to 
certain benchmarks, being EURIBOR and STIBOR, as defined in the Terms and Conditions (however 
subject to Clause 18 (Replacement of Base Rate). The benchmarks are provided by the European 
Money Market Institute ("EMMI") and the Swedish Financial Benchmark Facility AB ("SFBF") 
respectively.  
 
Should a Base Rate Event occur in accordance with Clause 18 (Replacement of Base Rate), certain 
fall-back provisions will be effectuated securing that an Alternative Base Rate or Successor Base Rate 
is appointed in order to maintain transparency and predictability in the calculation metrics of relevant 
benchmarks for Notes bearing floating rate interest. 
 
EMMI and SFBF are registered in the register of administrators provided by the European Securities 
and Markets Authority (ESMA) pursuant to Article 36 of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 on indices used as 
benchmarks in financial instruments and financial contracts or to measure the performance of 
investment funds (the "Benchmarks Regulation"). 
DAY COUNT CONVENTION 
Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, the following Day Count Conventions will be 
used for the calculation of interest under this Programme. 
30/360: The calculation is based on a year of 360 days divided into twelve (12) months of thirty (30) 
days each and in case of a fraction of a month using the actual number of days of the month that have 
passed. 
Actual/360: The calculation is based on the actual number of days elapsed in the relevant Interest 
Period, divided by 360.

--- Page 10 ---
10 (83) 
 
REPAYMENT OF LOANS AND PAYMENT OF INTEREST 
Redemption at maturity 
Each Loan shall be redeemed on its Maturity Date in an amount equal to its Nominal Amount (or such 
other amount specified in the relevant Final Terms), together with accrued but unpaid interest. If the 
Maturity Date is not a Business Day, redemption shall occur on the first following Business Day. 
Repurchase of Notes by Group Companies 
Each Group Company may repurchase Notes at any time and at any price in the open market or 
otherwise provided that repurchase is in compliance with applicable law. Notes owned by a Group 
Company may, at the discretion of such Group Company, be retained, resold but not cancelled except 
in connection with a redemption or repurchase of all the Notes under a Loan in full. 
Voluntary total redemption (call option) 
The Final Terms for a Loan may specify a right for the Issuer to redeem all, but not some only, of the 
outstanding Notes under that Loan in full on any Business Day prior to the Maturity Date for such Loan. 
Mandatory repurchase due to a Change of Control Event or De-listing Event (put option) 
Upon a Change of Control Event or De-listing Event, each Noteholder shall have the right to request that 
all, or some only, of its Notes be repurchased at a price per Note equal to 101.00 per cent. of the Nominal 
Amount together with accrued but unpaid Interest. Any Note so repurchased by the Issuer may at the 
Issuer's discretion be retained or sold but not cancelled, except in connection with a redemption or 
repurchase of all of the Notes representing the relevant Loan. 
CERTAIN UNDERTAKINGS 
The Terms and Conditions contain a number of undertakings that restrict the ability of the Issuer and 
other Group Companies, including, among others: 
• 
Restrictions in relation to nature of business. 
• 
Restrictions on making distributions. 
• 
Restrictions in respect of incurring or maintaining debt. 
• 
Restrictions on providing or maintaining security. 
• 
Restrictions on disposals of assets. 
• 
Undertaking to at all times meet certain financial covenants including certain minimum liquidity. 
• 
Restrictions on mergers and demergers. 
• 
Restrictions on dealings with related parties. 
Each of these undertakings is subject to significant exceptions and qualifications. See the Terms and 
Conditions for more information.

--- Page 11 ---
11 (83) 
 
RISK FACTORS 
In this section, material risk factors are illustrated and discussed, including risks relating to Catella's 
operations and industry, legal risks, financial risks and risks relating to the Notes. Catella's assessment 
of the materiality of each risk factor is based on the probability of their occurrence and the expected 
magnitude of their negative impact. The description of the risk factors below is based on information 
available and estimates made on the date of this Base Prospectus. The risk factors are presented in 
categories where the most material risk factors in a category are presented first under that category. 
Subsequent risk factors in the same category are not ranked in order of materiality or probability of 
occurrence. Where a risk factor may be categorised in more than one category, such risk factor appears 
only once and in the most relevant category for such risk factor. 
RISKS RELATED TO CATELLA'S OPERATIONS AND INDUSTRY 
Risks related to macroeconomic factors 
Catella Group operates in twelve jurisdictions and holds real estate assets through its Investment 
Management business in 16 jurisdictions across Europe in three different business areas: Investment 
Management, Principal Investments and Corporate Finance. In 2023, Catella's five largest geographical 
markets measured by total income were Germany (42 per cent), France (21 per cent), Sweden 
(13 per cent), Spain (8 per cent), and the United Kingdom (6 per cent). The Group is therefore affected 
by macroeconomic factors, including general economic and geopolitical conditions, in all these 
jurisdictions. Operating in various capacities on the European market in relation to investments in real 
property, Catella is particularly exposed to macroeconomic factors that affect the real property markets 
and the level of transaction and investment activities. Macroeconomic factors affecting the real property 
markets include increased inflation and interest rate levels, employment trends, the level of production 
of new premises and commercial and residential properties, infrastructure and demographic 
development, and government policies. A negative development of the macroeconomic climate in the 
relevant markets may also decrease liquidity and reduce risk appetite among investors generally, and, 
as a result, adversely affect investments in Catella's funds and other investment products and services.  
During 2022 and 2023, several of the world's central banks raised interest rates to address rising 
inflation, which led to increased market interest rates affecting all the Issuer's business areas. During 
the same period, Catella has experienced a more cautious market sentiment with lower transaction 
activity, reduced demand for its services and products, and a weaker price trend which is to a significant 
extent explained by weak market conditions. A prolonged period of weak macroeconomic conditions 
and future economic slowdowns in Catella's markets may adversely affect Catella's business, results of 
operations and financial position.  
Risks specifically related to the business area Investment Management 
In 2023, Investment Management accounted for 49 per cent of the Group's total income. Within the 
business area Investment Management, Catella offers investment opportunities through property funds 
and asset management. As of 30 June 2024, assets under management amounted to SEK 153 billion. 
In addition to the general impact of macroeconomic conditions and investors' willingness to invest in real 
property and thereto related products, Catella's Investment Management operations are particularly 
exposed to the following risks: 
• 
a significant portion of the total income that is attributable to Catella’s Investment Management 
operations is generated by the offering of funds and investment products through Catella’s

--- Page 12 ---
12 (83) 
 
German fund operations Catella Real Estate AG (CREAG) and Catella Residential Investment 
Management GmbH (CRIM). As a result, Catella has an increased exposure to factors 
adversely affecting the business and results of operations in these companies, such as losses 
of major investors causing significant capital outflow, decreased capital inflow, regulatory 
restrictions, compliance issues with the supervisory authority or poor performance;  
• 
the underlying assets of the funds and investment products are not diversified among many 
different asset classes but are generally portfolios of real properties or other real property linked 
assets, which may be concentrated to certain segments or geographical regions, and, as a 
result, the performance of the funds or investment products may depend on the development 
of the real property market in certain segments or regions; 
• 
the performance of the funds or investment products are subject to risks that correlate with 
risks that the underlying assets are exposed to, and will therefore be exposed risks that 
generally affect real property valuations, such as vacancies, rental income and rental 
development, operating costs, yield requirements and the need for significant investments in 
the form of modifications or improvements of real properties;  
• 
during periods of weak economic conditions and tighter economic policies, Catella may 
experience redemption pressure and outflow of capital from its funds and investment products, 
which will affect liquidity in Catella Group’s funds and reduce management and variable fee 
income. Significant outflows may also force the funds to divest assets in unfavourable market 
conditions to increase its liquidity, subject to any regulatory restrictions and requirements 
applicable to such divestments. The effects of outflow of capital from the Catella Group’s funds 
and investment products on the Group’s results of operations will depend on the level of outflow 
and which fund or investment product that is subject to the capital outflow since the level of 
profits that are generated vary between different funds and investment products;  
• 
demand for different property funds and alternative investment opportunities may change over 
time and in different markets according to investors' preferences and investment profiles, such 
as sustainability profile and risk appetite. Therefore, Catella will continuously need to develop 
its offering across different markets and over time to satisfy market demands, or it will risk being 
less competitive and lose market shares; and 
• 
poor performance by Catella's funds and investment products, failure to track the price 
development in a certain segment or among comparable products or to otherwise perform 
according to investors' expectations may deteriorate Catella's brand among customers and 
potential investors or cause criticism against Catella. 
If any of these risks were to materialise, it could adversely affect Catella's business, results of operations 
and financial position.  
Risks specifically related to the business area Principal Investments 
In 2023, Principal Investments accounted for 32 per cent of the Group's total income. In its business 
area Principal Investments, Catella acts as an investor using its own balance sheet to make investments 
in real property projects, unlock asset management mandates and seed capital into funds. As of 30 June 
2024, Catella's proprietary investments in this business area amounted to SEK 1,484 million. The value 
of the investments made by Catella is affected by several factors, some of which are related to general 
macroeconomic conditions and stock market development, whereas others are related to the individual 
segment and real property investments, such as general and property price developments, supply and 
demand, vacancy rate, rental levels, operational costs of the underlying property, changes in 
infrastructure and level of production of new premises and residential properties. Further, the value of

--- Page 13 ---
13 (83) 
 
the properties in which Catella invests tends to correlate with inflation and interest fluctuations, making 
the business area Principal Investments particularly sensitive to fluctuating economic cycles; see also 
"-Risks related to macroeconomic factors" above. As such, the valuation of Catella's real property 
investments may change significantly between different accounting periods.  
Certain investments made in real property projects may be significant in relation to the total value of 
Catella's own investments and therefore individually affect valuations substantially. For instance, as of 
30 June 2024, the Kaktus project in Copenhagen represented a total investment by Catella of 
SEK 520 million, which is substantially larger than any other investment in real property projects by 
Catella Group. As Catella’s primary intention is to divest these holdings as soon as it is commercially 
justified, the investments include the risk that Catella is forced to choose between continuing to invest 
in late stages of the project, running the projects to completion, or leaving the projects at less beneficial 
terms.  
A fundamental part of Catella's Principal Investments strategy is to acquire, develop and divest 
properties. The properties are acquired at various stages of the development process and investments 
are frequently made with different partners and co-investors. The development of these projects is 
typically subject to various formal and procedural steps, including new zoning plans allowing the 
construction of buildings, potential environmental remediation, procurement of building permits and 
other necessary government approvals, procurement of construction contract, eviction of current 
tenants, the completion of the constructions, etc. Property development projects are subject to 
significant risks, including project management risks, reliance on third party contractors and the ability 
to realise the value of the projects upon completion, particularly during economic slowdowns with less 
access to financing and higher interest rates affecting end-customers. Property development projects 
may also be delayed for various reasons and the cost of the property development projects may overrun 
the estimated budget which may impair profitability. Such delays, increases in costs, difficulties to divest 
a project or properties, or changes in the market conditions, may adversely affect Catella's results of 
operations and financial position. 
As Catella from time to time also makes investments together with other co-investors, there is a risk that 
co-investors are not able to fulfil their investment obligations. This could potentially result in Catella 
having to bear a larger financial investment or risk than originally intended. Additionally, it could lead to 
a situation where the investment is cancelled, potentially leading to a loss of the invested capital. 
The business area Principal Investments also has significant investments in listed and unlisted securities 
and funds, as well as debt instruments valued at fair value. These valuations may fluctuate over time 
and are influenced by macroeconomic conditions and other conditions outside of Catella’s control. 
Fluctuations whereby the valuations are lowered may adversely affect Catella's results of operations 
and financial position (see also "–Risks related to the valuations of certain of Catella's assets” below). 
Risks specifically related to the business area Corporate Finance 
In 2023, Corporate Finance accounted for 19 per cent of the Group's total income. In its business area 
Corporate Finance, Catella offers services related to capital markets transactions and strategic and 
financial advice, primarily within the real property segment. These operations are considerably affected 
by the level of transaction activity on the real property market, which, in turn, is to a significant extent 
driven by macroeconomic developments and access to debt financing. During economic slowdowns 
with low transaction activity and concerns about the economic growth, investors will generally have less 
appetite to bear risk and less access to debt financing on favourable terms, which can cause investors

--- Page 14 ---
14 (83) 
 
to be less inclined to invest in assets which Catella provides services in relation to, thus affecting 
Catella's result of operations and financial position. See also "–Risks related to macroeconomic factors" 
above. In 2023, Catella's transaction volume4 decreased by 46 per cent compared to 2022, whereas 
Catella's operating profit amounted to SEK -33 million compared to SEK 22 million in 2022, which is 
explained by lower activity on the transaction market and reduced demand for investment related 
services. 
The Group's business area Corporate Finance is also dependent on an efficient and accessible credit 
market. The state of the credit market is closely linked to the availability of debt financing and has a 
significant impact on the real property transaction market. Therefore, there is a risk that disruptions in 
the credit market, such as increased interest rate levels and fluctuations in economic cycles, may result 
in declining opportunities for various parties to raise financing and investment possibilities. This may in 
turn adversely affect Catella's results of operations and financial position. 
Risks related to lost confidence in Catella and its operations 
In order for Catella's operations to be successful, a key factor is to build and maintain trustful 
relationships with, and confidence in, Catella as a partner, fund or asset manager, investment and 
transaction advisor or service provider, as applicable, including, since part of the business is people-
driven, in relation to the individual Catella representatives with whom Catella's customers and partners 
primarily communicate. Therefore, confidence in Catella's business, competence and fairness is key to 
its ability to retain and develop strong relationships with existing and potential customers and to attract 
investors. The Group's employees and/or external consultants play a vital role in Catella's operations 
across different markets and geographies, in order to maintain relationships, local market knowledge 
and build trust with customers, investors and other local stakeholders, see also "–Risks related to 
recruitment and retention of key individuals" below. Lack of integrity, non-compliance or poor judgement 
in Catella's decision-making as well as mismanagement or misconduct by the Group's employees or 
other representatives, could severely damage Catella's reputation, result in supervisory authorities 
taking investigatory actions, subject the Group to customer claims or otherwise adversely affect 
confidence among investors and customers in Catella and its operations. Any of these events could 
result in lost business opportunities, adversely affect Catella's ability to attract new customers, investors, 
partners, and employees, retain existing customers, maintain relationships with partners, investors and 
external parties, and obtain financing, which may adversely affect Catella's business, results of 
operations and financial position. 
Risks related to Catella's growth strategy and potential mergers and acquisitions 
Catella's strategy involves both organic growth and growth through acquisitions. Catella continuously 
evaluates potential add-on targets or partnerships to support implementation of Catella's strategy, and 
as a way to enter new markets or strengthen its presence in markets where the Group already operates, 
most recently reflected by Catella's acquisition of the Aquila Group in France in 2023. Such acquisitions, 
entries into new geographies and/or product segments expose Catella to various risks. Because the 
operations are, to a significant extent, relationship and people-driven, acquisitions and partnerships will 
need to culturally fit within Catella's organisation and way of operating, to be successful. When 
expanding into new geographies or product segments, Catella may initially have less knowledge of local 
market conditions and market dynamics, regulatory requirements and business acumens, and therefore 
be increasingly dependent on a few individuals. There are also inherent risks associated with 
 
4 The total value of transactions advised on by Catella.

--- Page 15 ---
15 (83) 
 
acquisitions, such as failure to identify and correctly evaluate risks and liabilities in the acquired 
operations or to commercially misjudge the value of an asset or business, leading to Catella overpaying 
for the acquired operations. Catella may also be unsuccessful in integrating any business that it has 
acquired, implement its best practices and governance, and extract any synergies that it had expected. 
Any such risks could, if materialised, adversely affect Catella's operations, future growth, results of 
operations and financial position. 
Risks related to operating in several geographies and segments  
Catella conducts operations in twelve jurisdictions across Europe, operates in three different business 
segments and has invested in 16 different European countries. The Group is therefore exposed to 
various risks related to operating in a multinational and diverse operational and geographic environment, 
such as: 
• 
exposure to different legal standards and enforcement mechanisms, including in relation to real 
property and other assets; 
• 
different regulatory regimes related to Catella Group’s products and services, and changes in 
such regimes, and the cost of compliance with these regulatory requirements; 
• 
currency fluctuations (see also "–Risks related to fluctuations in foreign exchange rates" below); 
• 
being subject to multiple taxation regimes, including regulations relating to transfer pricing (see 
also "–Risks related to incorrect interpretations of tax regulation and changes to tax legislation 
in the jurisdictions in which Catella operates" below); 
• 
differences in cultural behaviour and business acumens in different countries; and 
• 
unsuccessful or insufficient integration of regional or local operations. 
The diversity of the operations also entails risks related to management and internal governance of the 
various branches of the Group. Whilst Catella encourages entrepreneurship and a certain level of self-
autonomy among its local operations, if Catella fails to maintain sufficient control and implement internal 
governance procedures, it could result in additional costs and require increased management attention, 
difficulties to accurately monitor the Group's operations in all aspects, less efficient business and quality-
assurance processes and lost internal synergies and business opportunities, which could ultimately 
adversely affect Catella's business, results of operations and financial position. 
Risks related to recruitment and retention of key individuals 
The Group's performance and future growth are dependent on the performance, knowledge, expertise 
and relationships among its group management, local management and employees. The local 
management and employees are important to Catella's ability to attract and retain customers, investors, 
business and other employees. Catella has in the past faced, and may continue to face in the future, a 
certain level of employee turnover, which could impact Catella's corporate culture. The loss of a 
significant number of key employees, or the inability to recruit experienced, qualified and trained 
employees, as needed, may cause disruption to Catella's business, which could affect Catella's 
development and growth, and in turn on the results of operations. 
The geographical diversity and the nature of Catella's business place heavy demands on decentralised 
leadership, entrepreneurial spirit, business acumen and customer relationships, and therefore involves 
a degree of key person dependency risk. Also, an increasingly complex regulatory environment requires 
adequate knowledge and experience in various areas of expertise (see "–Catella partially operates in a 
regulated industry and may be subject to supervisory investigations or enforcements actions" below). 
The complex regulatory environment in certain areas also entails a high demand for trained and

--- Page 16 ---
16 (83) 
 
experienced personnel throughout the organisation to ensure compliance with applicable external and 
internal rules and respond to changes in such regulations. Should Catella be unable to retain or attract 
suitable and sufficient personnel it could increase the risk of human errors, misconduct and non-
compliance with applicable regulations or internal compliance procedures. Losses of key employees 
and difficulties in recruiting skilled and trained employees may adversely affect Catella's business, 
results of operations and financial position. 
Risks related to cyberattack threats and other external threats 
The cyber threat to the financial system and to companies handling vast amounts of confidential 
information is extensive and Catella's operations are thus exposed to cyberattacks, insider attacks and 
fraud. Failure or circumvention of Catella's data and cyber security measures could result in 
infringements or loss of data. Such losses could be the result of, for example, viruses, spyware or other 
unauthorised access or damage to Catella's systems or data (including confidential or proprietary 
information about Catella, third parties with whom Catella does business and customers that invests in 
Catella's products, or investment holding data) as well as other malware in or sabotage in Catella's 
proprietary information. Techniques used to obtain unauthorised access to, or sabotage, systems and 
data change frequently, are becoming ever more sophisticated and may not be known until launched 
against Catella or its third-party service providers. Catella may be unable to anticipate such incidents or 
may not have adequate preventative measures (including those which would enable it to recover from 
such an incident) in place. An incident could significantly disrupt Catella's operations, damage Catella's 
reputation, expose Catella to a risk of loss, administrative fines, sanctions or litigation and possibly 
expose Catella to the liability and loss suffered by customers. Any such incidents may also divert the 
attention of Catella's group management from the day-to-day management of Catella in order to resolve 
problems caused by such incidents. 
Risks related to Catella's brand 
Catella’s brand is an important asset, particularly in Sweden and Europe, as well in those segments 
where it has been operating for a long time, to attract investors, partnerships, and customers, and to 
successfully and effectively carry out marketing activities, recruitment of employees and business 
strategies. While the brand recognition may differ between different markets, local or regional brands 
such as Catella APAM in the United Kingdom and Axipit in France may play corresponding roles on 
their geographic markets or in their particular segments. Brand awareness and perception are central 
arguments for Catella to succeed in its investment or business propositions directed to potential 
customers, partners and investors (see "-Risks related to lost confidence in Catella and its operations" 
above). Negative publicity around Catella, for example in connection with regulatory or legal processes, 
poor rankings of its funds and investment products where its investment products are measured against 
the performance of competitors' funds and investment products, or weak deal flow and track record may 
erode the value of the Catella brand, which may adversely affect Catella's results of operations and 
financial position. 
Risks related to Catella's ESG responsibilities 
In recent years, authorities, investors, customers, suppliers and other stakeholders have placed 
increasing demands related to environmental, social and governance ("ESG"). Catella has evaluated 
and defined its approach to ESG in order to create long-term social, environmental and economic value 
in its business and to set appropriate ESG-related targets. However, investors, customers and partners 
may expect that Catella will implement new or different standards or targets related to ESG. For

--- Page 17 ---
17 (83) 
 
example, Catella may be required to provide a more attractive fund offering with ESG related focuses 
and targets, implement increasingly energy-efficient and environmental friendly methods in its property 
development projects, or to reduce carbon footprint through reduced carbon emissions in its other 
operations. These external expectations on Catella can be driven or reinforced by new disruptive 
business models, such as new technologies, new work processes and changed pricing models, in the 
markets where Catella operates. Increased ESG standards are also driven by legislative developments, 
including such legislation emanating from the EU in the form of directives and regulations, such as 
increased reporting and transparency requirements, and stricter requirements on the review of value 
chains through sustainability due diligence. As a result, Catella may be required to adopt stricter ESG 
targets or standards, to continue to attract investors and to have them increase their investments in 
Catella's funds or projects. If Catella fails to effectively manage requirements in relation to ESG 
responsibilities or fails to achieve relevant sustainability targets, confidence in Catella and its business 
and/or its access to capital may deteriorate. Compliance with ESG-related requirements may also place 
increased demands on Catella's organisation, which may result in additional costs that could have a 
negative impact on Catella's results of operations and financial position. 
LEGAL RISKS 
Risks related to incorrect interpretations of tax regulation and changes to tax legislation in the 
jurisdictions in which Catella operates 
Catella operates in twelve jurisdictions and holds real estate assets through its Investment Management 
business in 16 jurisdictions, and, as a consequence, Catella is subject to several different tax regimes. 
There is a risk that Catella's tax situation could change as a result of decisions from relevant tax 
authorities, which may adversely affect Catella's financial position and results of operations. There is 
also a risk that the tax authorities have different understandings and make decisions that differ from 
Catella's understanding or interpretation of laws, agreements or other requirements. Catella has been 
and is currently in involved in proceedings with local tax authorities which could, if resolved negatively, 
lead to additional tax liabilities for Catella. Company groups with cross-border operations, such as 
Catella, need to interpret and apply complex transfer pricing rules in order to correctly allocate intra-
group revenues and costs between companies in different countries. For instance, the Issuer charges 
certain management fees to its subsidiaries and affiliated companies for the provision of group services. 
Catella's tax rates may also be affected by incorrect profit calculations and its tax losses carried-forwards 
could be disqualified or become useless. Any tax audits or disputes may be ongoing over several years 
and, should the outcome be negative for Catella, this may require the Group to pay additional tax, which 
would have a negative impact on Catella's results of operations and financial position. 
Catella partially operates in a regulated industry and may be subject to supervisory 
investigations or enforcements actions  
The operations of the Group are subject to legislation, regulations, codes of conduct and government 
policies and general recommendations in the different jurisdictions in which it operates issued by, among 
other, the European Union and relevant authorities such as the Swedish, French, and German Financial 
Supervisory Authorities ("FSAs"). More specifically, three subsidiaries in the Group are conducting 
regulated operations under the supervision of FSAs in their respective jurisdictions. These subsidiaries 
are Catella Real Estate AG (CREAG) in Germany, Catella Property Fund Investment AB in Sweden and 
Axipit Real Estate Partners SAS in France. CREAG is a fund management company 
(Ger. Kapitalverwaltungsgesellschaft) under supervision of the German Financial Supervisory Authority 
(BaFin). Catella Property Fund Investment AB is a manager of alternative investment funds (AIF) with a

--- Page 18 ---
18 (83) 
 
licence for discretionary portfolio management under the supervision of the Swedish Financial 
Supervisory Authority (Sw. Finansinspektionen). Axipit Real Estate Partners SAS is a manager of 
alternative investment funds (AIF), targeting both professional and retail investors, under the supervision 
of the French Financial Supervisory Authority (Fr. Autorité des Marchés Financiers). The regulated 
operations account for a significant portion of Catella's total income. Two of the Group Companies, 
Catella APAM Capital Partners Limited and Catella Capital Limited, are permitted to undertake regulated 
activities in the United Kingdom through the Appointed Representative Regime, which exempts the 
entities from requiring authorisation form the local FSA (Financial Conduct Authority). Although these 
entities are not formally under the supervision of the local FSA, there are additional reporting 
requirements in relation to the appointed principal agent and increased regulatory risk exposure 
compared to other non-regulated Group Companies.  
To satisfy the regulatory requirements, the regulated operations must have dedicated functions relating 
to risk management, regulatory compliance and internal audit. The regulatory regimes which the 
regulated entities are subject to constitute important considerations for the operations, and effectively 
restrict or impose requirements on how the operations may be carried out. The supervision carried out 
by the FSAs may concern valuation methods, risk management and limits, including to manage liquidity 
risks upon requests by investors to redeem their fund units, marketing and reporting.  
The regulated entities may from time to time in their day-to-day operations be involved in discussions 
and dialogues with the FSAs, and receive petitions, preliminary decisions and other formal 
communication, affecting the operations that they carry out.  
Significant failures of the regulated entities to comply with applicable laws and regulations could lead to 
the FSAs imposing sanctions. In case of material violations, the FSAs can, as an ultimate measure, 
revoke the licenses of the subsidiaries and as a consequence prohibit the subsidiaries to continue their 
operations. The FSAs may also make remarks or issue warnings, which may be accompanied by 
monetary fines. Failure to comply with applicable rules and regulations could thus impact the Group's 
ability to carry out its business operations as intended, which would adversely affect the Group's 
competitiveness and profitability. 
Risks relating to regulatory changes and compliance 
An increasing number of initiatives for regulatory changes have been taken in the past and the Group is 
unable to predict with certainty what regulatory changes that will be imposed in the future as a result of 
regulatory initiatives in the EU or by the FSAs. Such changes risk having a material adverse effect on, 
among other, the Group's product range and activities, the sales and pricing of the Group's services and 
products, the value of the Group's assets as well as the Group's profitability and give rise to increased 
costs of compliance. In addition, there is a risk that the Group misinterprets or misapplies new or 
amended regulations, especially due to the increasing quantity and complexity of legislation, which could 
lead to adverse consequences for the Group. 
The Group is further exposed to the risk that its operations may not be in compliance with internal 
governing documents or external rules and regulations. There is also a risk that Catella may fail to 
assess and manage risks properly or that its employees, consultants and other third parties may act in 
a way that is not consistent with the level of business ethics and integrity that the Group is committed 
to, including violating laws and regulations related to money laundering, anti-corruption, IT security and 
data protection (including GDPR), corporate governance, business ethics and equal treatment. Any 
such non-compliance could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business and reputation.

--- Page 19 ---
19 (83) 
 
Risks related to co-investors and minority interests 
In many of Catella's subsidiaries and investments, there are minority interests or co-investors with whom 
Catella cooperates. Whilst such minority interests or co-investors may have different reasons and serve 
different purposes, such as creating additional incentives for local managers or stakeholders, or dividing 
the financial risk involved in real property projects with different parties, it will reduce the level of control 
that Catella can exercise, depending in each case on its shareholding and any shareholders or joint 
venture agreement between the parties. The lack of control can involve inability to direct the business 
strategy, restrict exit rights and thereby make it difficult for Catella to realise the full potential of the 
investment. It could also result in conflicts with other shareholders, which could adversely affect the 
operations of the investment. Any such risks could, if materialised, have a negative impact on Catella's 
results of operations and financial position. 
Risks related to disputes, claims and lawsuits 
From time to time, Catella is subject to legal proceedings, claims and disputes in jurisdictions where it 
is or has been active. Catella operates in a regulatory environment that exposes it to potentially 
significant litigation and regulatory risks caused by requirements of compliance with complex 
regulations. Disputes may also arise in conjunction with acquisitions or divestments of properties or 
relate to environmental conditions. Disputes and claims can be time consuming, disrupt operations, 
involve significant amounts, damages and/or negative publicity risk adversely affecting Catella's 
business, financial condition and results of operations. 
FINANCIAL RISKS 
Risks related to liquidity, financing and financial covenants 
Catella is subject to liquidity risk. Liquidity risk is the risk that Catella has insufficient payment capacity 
to refinance assets or meet other required cash payments, as they fall due. As of 30 June 2024, Catella 
had cash and cash equivalents in the amount of approximately SEK 951 million. Catella's sources of 
liquidity are primarily cash flow from its operations and debt financing. The Group needs access to 
liquidity to finance investments in its operations, primarily its business segment Principal Investments, 
to satisfy working capital needs and pay interest and amortisations. For instance, as of 30 June 2024, 
Catella's subsidiaries Kaktus 1 TopCo ApS, Salisbury Asset Propco Ltd and Polaxis SAS had interest 
bearing debts in an aggregate amount of SEK 1,435 million relating to financing of ongoing real property 
projects. If debt financing for such projects is not available, or only available at unfavourable terms, or if 
Catella is unable to complete and monetise its large projects, it may adversely affect Catella's ability to 
conduct its Principal Investment operations or negatively impact the operating margin.  
In relation to Catella's investments in loan portfolios, which comprise securitised European loans with 
primary exposure in residential properties, there is a risk that Catella would be unable to realise assets 
to satisfy its financial commitments. If Catella's liquidity were to deteriorate substantially, and Catella 
needed to divest part or all of the loan portfolios, the potential to amend the portfolio rapidly and obtain 
a reasonable price for the portfolios could be limited, due to changes in economic conditions or other 
circumstances. 
The Issuer issued bonds in 2021 that mature in March 2025, and may also issue notes under the current 
Programme. Catella's ability to successfully refinance its debt depends, among other, on the condition 
of the debt capital markets at the relevant time and Catella's financial condition. There is a risk that 
Catella's access to financing will be limited or that it will only be able to raise financing at unfavourable

--- Page 20 ---
20 (83) 
 
terms, if at all. Should Catella be unable to refinance its debt obligations on favourable terms, or at all, 
it would adversely affect Catella's operations, cash flow and financial position.  
Catella's debt financing carry financial covenants which require Catella to comply with certain defined 
key ratio conditions, to avoid early repayment. If, in the future, Catella would be unable to satisfy 
covenants under its debt financing, and not be granted waivers, the debt financing may be terminated 
pursuant to the terms of the financing.  
Risks related to interest rates 
Catella has interest bearing liabilities, certain of which bear interest at variable rates, which expose 
Catella to fluctuations in interest rates. Increased interest rates during 2022 and 2023 have significantly 
affected the credit market, see also "Risk related to macroeconomic factors" above. As of 30 June 2024, 
the Group's interest-bearing liabilities amounted to approximately SEK 2,935 million. The bonds that 
mature in March 2025 carry a floating rate interest of STIBOR 3m + 4.75 per cent. per annum and 
Catella may also raise debt financing going forward, including on a subsidiary level, that carry variable 
interest rates. In addition, the Group's property development companies have raised loans from credit 
institutions relating to ongoing projects, which accrue variable interest rate. Based on the outstanding 
loan debt as of 30 June 2024, an increase of the interest rate by one percentage point would entail that 
the Group's interest expenses would increase by SEK 28 million on an annual basis, albeit with a certain 
delay due to fixed interest periods. Increased interest rates could also adversely affect the Group's 
different projects, especially those relying on debt financing or involving real property development which 
is more sensitive of fluctuations in economic cycles. If the prevailing interest rate levels were to increase, 
it may adversely affect Catella's profitability and cash flow. 
Risks related to fluctuations in foreign exchange rates 
Foreign exchange risk is the potential adverse impact on earnings and/or on net assets of the Group 
from a fluctuation in currency exchange rates. The Group is subject to fluctuations in exchange rates 
with regards to the currencies of the countries in which it operates. Catella's reporting currency is SEK, 
but a significant portion of the Group's income, expenses and net assets are in foreign currencies, 
primarily in EUR but also in GBP, DKK, and PLN. Thus, the foreign exchange risk for the Group 
comprises both transactional and translational risks, meaning that Catella has exposure to movements 
in currency exchange rates for foreign currency revenue transactions and the translation of the assets, 
profit and liabilities of its foreign subsidiaries and affiliated companies. Based on a change in foreign 
exchange rates of +/-10 per cent as of 31 December 2023, the translation difference would 
increase/decrease by SEK 53 million. Catella does not currently hedge its foreign exchange exposure. 
Fluctuations in currencies, particularly the SEK, EUR, GBP, DKK and PLN exchange rates, thus have a 
significant impact on Catella's profitability and results. 
Risks related to the valuations of certain of Catella's assets 
Many of Catella's financial assets, including unlisted shares, fund investments, securitised loan portfolio 
and other debt instruments are subject to critical estimates and judgements, which involve estimates 
and judgements for the future. As of 30 June 2024, the value of Catella's financial assets amounted to 
SEK 515 million. In the aggregate, these assets accounted for approximately nine per cent of Catella's 
total assets as of 30 June 2024. These assets are frequently illiquid, and the valuations for the majority 
of these (SEK 408 million) is based on non-observable market data, which makes the valuations subject

--- Page 21 ---
21 (83) 
 
to a greater degree of uncertainty. Changes in judgements in the chosen parameters could result in a 
change in the fair value of these assets in Catella's consolidated statement of financial position.  
Credit risks 
Credit risk is the risk of losses due to a borrower or other counterparty not being able to fulfil its 
obligations to Catella. Catella's credit risk is primarily related to accounts receivables and, to some 
extent, its loan portfolios, with the geographical concentration primarily related to Sweden and Germany. 
Counterparties in Catella's operations are predominantly well-known mid-size and large clients. Actual 
and expected credit losses on accounts receivable and receivables from associated companies 
amounted to 0.4 per cent of Catella's net sales in 2023.  
RISKS RELATING TO THE NOTES 
RISKS RELATING TO THE NATURE OF THE NOTES 
Unsecured obligations and structural subordination 
The Notes constitute unsecured debt obligations of the Issuer. If the Issuer will be subject to any 
foreclosure, dissolution, winding-up, liquidation, bankruptcy or other insolvency proceedings, the 
Noteholders normally receive payment after any prioritised creditors, including those which are 
mandatorily preferred by law, have been paid in full. Further, following prioritised creditors receiving 
payment in full, the Noteholders will have an unsecured claim against the Issuer for the amounts due 
under or in respect of the Notes, which means that the Noteholders normally would receive payment 
pro rata with other unsecured creditors.  
The Group has, as part of its financing, incurred debt to credit institutions and other lenders, as well as 
guarantees and security over, among other, shares in subsidiaries and certain other assets. Such 
secured loans normally constitute a preferential claim on the relevant member of the Group. Subject to 
the provisions set out in the Terms and Conditions, the Issuer or any member of the Group may seek 
further financing in which case further pledges and/or guarantees, as part of such new loans, may be 
provided. In addition, the Issuer may retain, provide, or renew security over certain of its current or future 
assets to secure, among other, bank loans, either via the Issuer itself or any other member of the Group, 
with security interests normally constituting a preferential claim on the borrower. No present or future 
shareholder or subsidiary of the Issuer will guarantee the Issuer’s obligations under the Notes. 
Furthermore, the terms and conditions of the Notes allow the Group to incur certain additional debt. If 
the Issuer's subsidiaries incur debt, the right to payment under the Notes will be structurally subordinated 
to the right of payment relating to debt incurred by subsidiaries of the Issuer, which could have a negative 
impact on the Noteholders' recovery under the Notes. 
Notes with floating interest rate 
Notes issued with a floating interest rate are normally issued as FRNs (Floating Rate Notes). The 
coupon is calculated on the basis of an interest rate corresponding to the Base Rate plus the applicable 
Margin, where the Base Rate is adjusted before each interest rate period whilst the Margin is fixed 
throughout the term. If the Base Rate, for example, is constituted of STIBOR 3 months, it is the market's 
perception of the development of the 3-month interest rates, in connection with the Margin, that 
constitutes the basis for calculating the market value of the placement. A changed expectation in the

--- Page 22 ---
22 (83) 
 
market regarding at what level the Base Rate will be set at when determining the interest rate in the 
future will, hence, risk lowering the market value on Notes with a floating rate. 
The value of Notes issued with a floating interest rate depends on several factors, one of the most 
significant over time being the level of market interest. Hence, the interest rate of Notes issued with a 
floating rate is to a certain extent adjusted for changes in the level of the general interest rate. There is 
a risk that an increase of the general interest rate level will adversely affect the value of Notes issued 
with a floating rate interest. 
Notes with fixed interest rate 
Investments in Notes with fixed interest rate involve a risk that the market price of the Notes may be 
negatively affected as a result of changes in the market interest rates. Generally, longer term of the 
securities means a higher risk.  
Currency risks  
As the Issuer pays the nominal amount and the interest from the Notes issued under the Program in 
SEK or EUR, there is an inherent risk in converting the amount invested into another currency in order 
to measure the investment. Since the value of the currencies in relation to each other is volatile, this 
may entail risks especially when the value is changed significantly. This risk should be of most relevance 
when the Note investor normally operates in a financial market with a currency other than SEK and 
EUR. The value of an investor’s Notes may therefore decrease in value if the investor's own currency 
increases in strength in relation to the currency in which the investment is denominated. 
Credit risk 
Investors in the Notes assume a credit risk towards the Group. The payments to Noteholders under the 
applicable Loan terms are therefore dependent on the Issuer's and the Group’s ability and willingness 
to meet its payment obligations, which in turn is largely dependent upon the performance of the Group’s 
operations and its financial position. The Group’s financial position is affected by several factors, some 
of which have been mentioned above. An increased credit risk may cause the market to charge the 
Notes a higher risk premium, which would have an adverse effect in the value of the Notes. Another 
aspect of the credit risk is that a decline in the financial position of the Group may reduce the prospects 
of the Group to receive debt financing at the time of the maturity of the Notes, which may have an 
adverse effect on the Noteholders’ right to receive payment under such Notes. 
Risks relating to Green Notes 
Notes issued as Green Notes are defined as Green Notes according to the Issuer’s green notes 
framework as it is worded on the issue date of the relevant Green Notes. The Issuer’s green notes 
framework, as well as market practice for green notes, may be amended and develop after the relevant 
issue date of the Green Notes, thus affecting any of the requirements applicable to the Issuer in respect 
of any subsequent Green Notes. The European Commission has adopted the Taxonomy Regulation (as 
defined under “Green Notes” above) (Regulation (EU) 2020/852 on the establishment of a framework 
to facilitate sustainable investment), entered into force on 1 January 2023. The Taxonomy Regulation 
entails stricter requirements in terms of assessing sustainable investments. The Taxonomy Regulation 
may affect the assessment of Green Notes and should the Issuer not comply with the requirements 
under the Taxonomy Regulation with respect to Green Notes, the Green Notes may cease to be defined 
as "green" under the Taxonomy Regulation. Amendments to the Issuer’s green notes framework or the 
Taxonomy Regulation after the relevant issue date of any Green Notes under the relevant Loan will not

--- Page 23 ---
23 (83) 
 
affect the conditions applicable to the Notes issued as at the relevant issue date prior to such 
amendments, and hence, there can be no assurance that projects, assets other methods and metrics 
originally considered “green” or “sustainable” meet future investors’ expectations in respect of such 
“green” or “sustainable” characteristics. 
Insofar Green Notes are issued under the Programme, proceeds from such issue shall be used in 
accordance with the applicable green notes framework. There is a risk that the proceeds from Green 
Notes will not be used in accordance with the green notes framework and that the classification of Loans 
issued as Green Notes or projects identified as Eligible Project (as defined under “Green Notes” above) 
under the relevant green notes framework, will be affected by the Taxonomy Regulation and that such 
Loans will no longer be qualified or classified as a sustainable asset in accordance with the Taxonomy 
Regulation. There is also a risk that the Issuer fails to identify Eligible Projects, and that selected Eligible 
Projects do not achieve or comply with the requirements in the relevant green notes framework. There 
is also a risk that projects financed by the net proceed from Green Notes only partially or not at all 
achieve the environmental benefits that motivated the investment, which risks deteriorating Catella’s 
reputation and may contravene the purpose of an investment in Green Notes. 
The Issuer's failure to comply with its green notes framework or the Taxonomy Regulation does not 
constitute an event of default under any loan terms, and would not permit Noteholders to exercise any 
early redemption rights or receive any other type of compensation for non-compliance with the Issuer's 
green notes framework or the Taxonomy Regulation. Hence, there is a risk that expectations of 
investors, insofar such expectations are related to the compliance with the Issuer's green notes 
framework or the Taxonomy Regulation, are not met, which could attract negative publicity and/or result 
in investors seeking to divest the Green Notes, which in turn could affect secondary trading in the Notes. 
RISKS RELATED TO THE NOTEHOLDERS' RIGHTS AND REPRESENTATION 
The rights of the Noteholders depend on the Agent’s actions 
By subscribing for, or accepting the assignment of, any Note, each Noteholder has accepted the 
appointment of the agent (initially being Nordic Trustee & Agency AB (publ)) (the "Agent") to act on its 
behalf and to perform administrative functions relating to the Notes. The Agent shall have, among other 
things, the right to represent the Noteholders in all court and administrative proceedings in respect of 
the Notes. However, the rights, duties and obligations of the Agent as the representative of the 
Noteholders are subject to the provisions of the Terms and Conditions, and there is no specific 
legislation or market practice in Sweden (under which laws the Terms and Conditions are governed) 
which govern the Agent’s performance of its duties and obligations relating to the Notes. There is a risk 
that a failure by the Agent to perform its duties and obligations properly or at all will have a negative 
effect on the enforcement of the rights of the Noteholders. 
The Agent may be replaced by a successor Agent in accordance with the Terms and Conditions. 
Generally, the successor Agent has the same rights and obligations as the retired Agent. It may be 
difficult to find a successor Agent with commercially acceptable terms or at all. Further, there is a risk

--- Page 24 ---
24 (83) 
 
that that the successor Agent would breach its obligations under the above documents or that insolvency 
proceedings would be initiated against it. 
There is a risk that materialisation of any of the above risks will have a negative effect on the 
enforcement of the rights of the Noteholders and the rights of the Noteholders to receive payments 
under the Notes. 
No action against the Issuer and Noteholders’ representation 
In accordance with the Terms and Conditions, the Agent represents all Noteholders in all matters relating 
to the Notes and the Noteholders are prevented from taking unilateral actions against the Issuer or any 
other member of the Group. Consequently, individual Noteholders do not have the right to take legal 
actions to declare any default by claiming any payment from or enforcing any security granted by the 
Issuer or any other member of the Group and may therefore have no effective legal remedies unless 
and until a requisite majority of the Noteholders agree to take such action. However, there is a risk that 
an individual Noteholder may take unilateral action against the Issuer or any other Group Company (in 
breach of the Terms and Conditions). This would adversely affect an acceleration of the Notes or other 
actions against the Issuer or any other member of the Group. 
Furthermore, under the Terms and Conditions, the Agent will in some cases have the right to make 
decisions and take measures that are binding upon all Noteholders. Consequently, the actions of the 
Agent in such matters would impact a Noteholder’s rights under the Terms and Conditions in a manner 
that could be undesirable for some Noteholders. 
Noteholders’ meetings and written procedures 
The Terms and Conditions includes certain provisions regarding Noteholders’ meetings and written 
procedures. Such meetings or written procedures may be held in order to decide on matters relating to 
the Noteholders’ interests. The Terms and Conditions allows for stated majorities to bind all Noteholders, 
including Noteholders who have not taken part in the meeting or written procedure and those who have 
voted differently to the required majority at a duly convened and conducted Noteholders’ meeting or 
written procedure. Consequently, the actions of the majority in such matters could impact a Noteholder’s 
rights in a manner that would be undesirable for some of the Noteholders. 
OTHER RISKS RELATING TO THE NOTES 
Risks relating to benchmarks 
The Notes’ value depends on several factors, one of the more significant over time being the level of 
market interest. The Notes may bear a floating rate interest comprising a base rate such as STIBOR 
and EURIBOR plus a certain margin and the interest rate is therefore adjusted for changes in the level 
of the general interest rate. Hence, there is a risk that increased general interest rate levels significantly 
affect the market value of the Notes. The determining interest rate benchmarks, such as STIBOR and 
EURIBOR has been subject to regulatory changes such as the Benchmarks Regulation. The 
implementation of the Benchmark Regulation has led to that certain previously used benchmarks, such 
as LIBOR, has been discontinued, resulting in that, among others, existing financing arrangements will 
have to be renegotiated or terminated. There is a risk that also these Base Rates will be discontinued, 
or that alternative benchmark rates will dominate market practise, leading to uncertainties in relation to 
the interest rate payable in relation to the Notes. In accordance with the Loan Terms, Base Rates may 
be replaced following certain events, e.g. if such base rate ceases to be calculated or administrated 
(defined in the Loan Terms as a Base Rate Event). Increased or altered regulatory requirements and

--- Page 25 ---
25 (83) 
 
risks associated with any replacement of a Base Rate following a Base Rate Event involve inherent 
risks, as the effects cannot be fully assessed at this point in time which could result in an adverse 
negative effect in an investment in the Notes.

--- Page 26 ---
26 (83) 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS  
The following Terms and Conditions (the "Terms and Conditions") apply for Notes (as defined below) 
that Catella AB (publ) (reg. no. 556079-1419; LEI No. 213800WNI4X4LCFHV831) (the "Issuer") issues 
in the capital market under this medium term note programme (the "Programme"). The maximum Total 
Nominal Amount (as defined below) of all Loans (as defined below) outstanding under the Programme 
from time to time may not exceed SEK 3,000,000,000 (or the equivalent thereof in EUR), unless 
otherwise agreed in accordance with these Terms and Conditions.  
For each Loan (as defined below), Final Terms (as defined below) are prepared that include 
supplementary terms and conditions, which together with these Terms and Conditions constitute the 
complete terms and conditions for the relevant Loan. Final Terms for Notes that are offered to the public 
will be published on the Issuer's website (www.catella.com) and made available at the office of the 
Issuer. For as long as any Notes are outstanding, the Issuer will keep the Terms and Conditions and 
the Final Terms for such Notes available on its website. 
1 
DEFINITIONS AND CONSTRUCTION 
1.1 
Definitions 
"Account Operator" means a bank or other party duly authorised to operate as an account 
operator pursuant to the Central Securities Depositories and Financial Instruments Accounts 
Act and through which a Noteholder has opened a Securities Account in respect of its Notes. 
"Accounting Principles" means the international financial reporting standards (IFRS) within 
the meaning of Regulation 1606/2002/EC (or as otherwise adopted or amended from time to 
time) as applied by the Issuer in preparing its annual financial statements). 
"Adjusted Nominal Amount" means, with respect to a Loan, the total aggregate Nominal 
Amount of the Notes outstanding at the relevant time under that Loan less the Nominal Amount 
of all Notes under the Loan owned by a Group Company or an Affiliate of the Issuer, irrespective 
of whether such person is directly registered as owner of such Notes. 
"Administrative Agent" means: 
(a) 
if a Loan is raised through two or more Issuing Dealers, the Issuing Dealer appointed 
by the Issuer to be responsible for certain administrative tasks in respect of that Loan 
as set out in the Final Terms; and 
(b) 
if a Loan is raised through only one Issuing Dealer, the Issuing Dealer in respect of that 
Loan. 
"Affiliate" means, in respect of any person, any other person, directly or indirectly, controlling 
or controlled by or under direct or indirect common control with such specified person. For the 
purpose of this definition, "control" when used with respect to any person means the power to 
direct the management and policies of such person, directly or indirectly, whether through the 
ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise; and the terms "controlling" and 
"controlled" have meanings correlative to the foregoing. 
"Agency Agreement" means the agency agreement for all Loans issued under the Programme 
entered into on or before the date of these Terms and Conditions, between the Issuer and the

--- Page 27 ---
27 (83) 
 
Agent, or any replacement agency agreement entered into after such date between the Issuer 
and an agent. 
"Agent" means the Noteholders' agent under these Terms and Conditions from time to time; 
initially Nordic Trustee & Agency AB (publ) reg. no. 556882-1879, P.O. Box 7329, SE-103 90 
Stockholm, Sweden. 
"Base Rate" means in respect of a Loan with floating interest rate, the reference rate (EURIBOR 
or STIBOR) stated in the Final Terms for that Loan or any reference rate replacing EURIBOR 
or STIBOR in accordance with Clause 18 (Replacement of Base Rate). 
"Base Rate Administrator" means: 
(a) 
Swedish Financial Benchmark Facility AB (SFBF) in relation to STIBOR; and 
(b) 
European Money Markets Institute (EMMI) in relation to EURIBOR, or  
any person replacing it as administrator of the Base Rate. 
"Business Day" means a day in Sweden other than a Sunday or other public holiday. 
Saturdays, Midsummer Eve (Sw. midsommarafton), Christmas Eve (Sw. julafton) and New 
Year's Eve (Sw. nyårsafton) shall for the purpose of this definition be deemed to be public 
holidays. 
"Central Securities Depositories and Financial Instruments Accounts Act" means the 
Swedish Central Securities Depositories and Financial Instruments Accounts Act (Sw. lag 
(1998:1479) om värdepapperscentraler och kontoföring av finansiella instrument). 
"Change of Control Event" means the occurrence of an event or series of events whereby one 
or more persons, not being the Major Shareholders, acting together, acquire control over the 
Issuer and where "control" means (i) controlling, directly or indirectly, more than 50 per cent. of 
the voting shares of the Issuer, or (ii) the right to, directly or indirectly, appoint or remove the 
whole or a majority of the directors of the board of directors of the Issuer. 
"Compliance Certificate" means a certificate, in form and substance set out in Schedule 1 
(Form of Compliance Certificate), signed by the CFO, CEO or another authorised signatory of 
the Issuer: 
(a) 
certifying that so far as it is aware no Event of Default is continuing or, if it is aware that 
such event is continuing, specifying the event and steps, if any, being taken to remedy 
it; 
(b) 
if provided in connection with the testing of the Distribution Test or Financial Statements 
being made available, confirming that the Distribution Test and/or Maintenance Test (as 
applicable) is met and including calculations and figures in respect of the Distribution 
Test and/or Maintenance Test (as applicable) including calculations and figures in 
respect of the Minimum Liquidity and/or Equity (as applicable); 
(c) 
if provided in connection with an Issue Date, confirming that the Maintenance Test was 
met, calculated on the basis of the most recent published interim Financial Statements. 
"CSD" means the Issuer's central securities depository and registrar in respect of the Notes from 
time to time, initially Euroclear Sweden AB (reg. no. 556112-8074), P.O. Box 191, SE-101 23 
Stockholm, Sweden.

--- Page 28 ---
28 (83) 
 
"CSD Regulations" means, in relation to a Loan, the CSD's rules and regulations applicable to 
the Issuer, the Agent and the Notes from time to time in respect of that Loan. 
"Day Count Convention" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest under a 
Loan, that: 
(a) 
if the day count convention "30/360" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
amount shall be calculated using a year of 360 days comprising twelve (12) months of 
thirty (30) days each, and in the case of a fraction of a month using the actual number 
of days of the month that have passed; 
(b) 
if the day count convention "Actual/360" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
amount shall be calculated using the actual number of days in the relevant period 
divided by 360; or 
(c) 
any other day count convention applicable to any relevant Base Rate. 
"Dealers" means Nordea Bank Abp and DNB Bank ASA, Swedish Branch, and such other 
dealer (Sw. emissionsinstitut) appointed for this Programme in accordance with Clause 15.4, 
but only for so long as such dealer has not resigned as a dealer. 
"De-listing Event" means the occurrence of an event or series of events whereby the ordinary 
class B shares of the Issuer have ceased to be listed on the Regulated Market of Nasdaq 
Stockholm or if trading of such shares on the relevant stock exchange is suspended for a period 
of fifteen (15) consecutive Business Days. 
"Debt Register" means the debt register (Sw. skuldbok) kept by the CSD in respect of the Notes 
in which an owner of Notes is directly registered or an owner's holding of Notes is registered in 
the name of a nominee. 
"Distribution Test" means the test pursuant to Clause 10.2 (Distribution Test). 
"EBITDA" means earnings of the Group, before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortisation 
(without double counting). 
"Equity" means the consolidated book-value of the Group's total shareholders' equity according 
to the latest Financial Statements. 
"EURIBOR" means: 
(a) 
the applicable percentage rate per annum for Euro and for a period comparable to the 
relevant Interest Period, as displayed on Refinitiv screen EURIBOR01 (or through such 
other system or on such other page as replaces the said system or page) as of or around 
11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) on the Interest Determination Date; 
(b) 
if no rate as described in paragraph (a) above is available for the relevant Interest 
Period, the rate determined by the Administrative Agent by interpolation between the 
two closest rates displayed on Refinitiv screen EURIBOR01 (or any replacement 
thereof) as of or around 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) on the Interest Determination Date 
for Euro; 
(c) 
if no rate as described in paragraph (a) or (b) above is available for the relevant Interest 
Period, the arithmetic mean of the rates (rounded upwards to four decimal places) as 
supplied to the Administrative Agent at its request quoted by the banks reasonably

--- Page 29 ---
29 (83) 
 
selected by the Administrative Agent for deposits of EUR 10,000,000 for the relevant 
period; or 
(d) 
if no rate as described in paragraph (a) or (b) above is available for the relevant Interest 
Period and no quotation is available pursuant to paragraph (c) above, the interest rate 
which according to the reasonable assessment of the Administrative Agent best reflects 
the interest rate for deposits in Euro offered for the relevant period. 
"Euro" or "EUR" means the single currency of the member states of the European Union that 
adopts or has adopted, and in each case continues to adopt, the euro as its lawful currency in 
accordance with legislation of the European Union relating to Economic and Monetary Union. 
"Event of Default" means an event or circumstance specified in Clause 12 (Events of Default). 
"Existing Bond Loan" means the up to SEK 1,500,000,000 senior unsecured bond loan with 
ISIN: SE0015660444, issued by the Issuer on 17 March 2021. 
"Final Terms" means the final terms prepared in respect of a Loan. 
"Financial Indebtedness" means any indebtedness for or in respect of: 
(a) 
monies borrowed or raised (including under any bank financing or Market Loans); 
(b) 
the amount of any liability in respect of any lease or hire purchase contract which would, 
in accordance with the Accounting Principles, be treated as a balance sheet liability; 
(c) 
receivables sold or discounted (other than on a non-recourse basis, provided that the 
requirements for de-recognition under the Accounting Principles are met); 
(d) 
any amount raised under any other transaction (including any forward sale or purchase 
agreement) having the commercial effect of a borrowing; 
(e) 
any derivative transaction entered into in connection with protection against or benefit 
from fluctuation in any rate or price (and, when calculating the value of any derivative 
transaction, only the mark to market value shall be taken into account) provided that if 
any actual amount is due as a result of a termination or a close-out, such amount shall 
be used instead; 
(f) 
any counter-indemnity obligation in respect of a guarantee, indemnity, bond, standby or 
documentary letter of credit or any other instrument issued by a bank or financial 
institution; and 
(g) 
(without double counting) any guarantee or other assurance against financial loss in 
respect of a type referred to in the above items (a)-(f). 
Any Hybrid Instrument which is fully treated as equity in the balance sheet of the Issuer in 
accordance with the Accounting Principles shall, for the avoidance of doubt, not be deemed to 
constitute Financial Indebtedness or a Market Loan. 
"Financial Statements" means the Group's annual audited financial statements or quarterly 
interim unaudited reports, which shall be prepared and made available pursuant to 
Clause 9.1 (Information from the Issuer). 
"Force Majeure Event" has the meaning set forth in Clause 23 (Force majeure and limitation 
of liability).

--- Page 30 ---
30 (83) 
 
"Framework Amount" is the framework amount of this Programme, which the Issuer and the 
Dealers agree on from time to time. 
"Green Notes" means Notes specified as Green Notes in the Final Terms in respect of a Loan. 
"Green Notes Framework" means the Issuer's green notes framework, as it is worded on the 
date of each issue of Green Notes and as further amended from time to time. 
"Group" means the Issuer and all its Subsidiaries from time to time (each a "Group Company"). 
"Hybrid Instruments" means any subordinated (according to its terms) debt instruments issued 
by the Issuer which are, entirely or partly is permitted to be accounted for as equity in 
accordance with the Accounting Principles at the date of issuance of the relevant subordinated 
debt instrument(s). 
"Insolvent" means, in respect of a relevant person, that it is deemed to be insolvent, or admits 
inability to pay its debts as they fall due, in each case within the meaning of Chapter 2, Sections 
7-9 of the Swedish Bankruptcy Act (Sw. konkurslagen (1987:672)) (or its equivalent in any other 
jurisdiction), suspends making payments on any of its debts or by reason of actual financial 
difficulties commences negotiations with its creditors (other than the Noteholders) with a view 
to rescheduling any of its indebtedness (including company reorganisation under the Swedish 
Company Reorganisation Act (Sw. lag (2022:964) om företagsrekonstruktion) (or its equivalent 
in any other jurisdiction)) or is subject to involuntary winding-up, dissolution or liquidation. 
"Interest" means the interest on the Notes calculated in accordance with Clause 6 (Interest). 
"Interest Commencement Date" means, in respect of a Loan, the date specified in the Final 
Terms for that Loan. 
"Interest Determination Date" means for a Loan with floating rate, the date that is specified in 
the Final Terms for the Loan. 
"Interest Payment Date" means the date(s) specified in the Final Terms in respect of a Loan.  
"Interest Period" means the period specified in the Final Terms in respect of a Loan.  
"Interest Rate" means: 
(a) 
in respect of a Loan with fixed interest rate, the interest rate specified in the relevant 
Final Terms; and 
(b) 
in respect of a Loan with floating interest rate, the Base Rate plus the Margin as adjusted 
by any application of Clause 18 (Replacement of Base Rate) and calculated in 
accordance with Clause 6.2 (Floating interest rate). 
"Issue Date" means the date specified in the Final Terms in respect of a Loan. 
"Issuing Dealer" means, in respect of a Loan, the Dealer(s) through which that Loan is raised. 
"Loan" means each loan comprising one or more Note(s) with the same ISIN code, which the 
Issuer raises under this Programme. 
"Loan Terms" means these Terms and Conditions and the Final Terms in respect of a Loan.  
"Major Shareholders" means the persons and legal entities who, on the an Issue Date, directly 
and indirectly, through ownership or otherwise, individually or together, controlled, were

--- Page 31 ---
31 (83) 
 
controlled by, were under common control with, or were managed by Claesson & Anderzén 
Aktiebolag, reg. no. 556395-3701, as well as that entity itself. 
"Maintenance Test" means the test pursuant to Clause 10.1 (Maintenance Test). 
"Margin" means, in respect of a Loan with floating interest rate, the margin specified in the Final 
Terms. 
"Market Loan" means any loan or other indebtedness where an entity issues commercial 
papers, certificates, convertibles, subordinated debentures, bonds or any other debt securities 
(including, for the avoidance of doubt, medium term note programmes and other market funding 
programmes), provided in each case that such instruments and securities are or can be subject 
to trade on a Regulated Market or a recognised unregulated market place. 
"Material Adverse Effect" means a material adverse effect on: 
(a) 
the business, financial condition or operations of the Group taken as a whole; 
(b) 
the Issuer's ability or willingness to perform and comply with its payment and other 
undertakings under any Loan Terms; or 
(c) 
the validity or enforceability of any Loan Terms. 
"Material Group Company" means the Issuer and/or any other Group Company representing 
15 per cent. or more of Total Assets or EBITDA of the Group on a consolidated basis according 
to the latest Financial Statements. 
"Maturity Date" means the date specified as such in the Final Terms in respect of a Loan. 
"Minimum Liquidity" means the aggregate amount of: 
(a) 
cash in hand or at bank and (in the latter case) credited to an account in the name of a 
Group Company and to which a Group Company is alone (or together with other Group 
Companies) beneficially entitled and for so long as (i) that cash is repayable within ten 
Business Days after the relevant date of calculation, (ii) repayment of that cash is not 
contingent on the prior discharge of any other indebtedness of any Group Company or 
of any other person whatsoever or on the satisfaction of any other condition, (iii) there 
is no Security over that cash except for Security constituted by a netting or set-off 
arrangement entered into by Group Companies in the ordinary course of their banking 
arrangements and (iv) the cash is freely available; and 
(b) 
any undrawn commitments available to a Group Company under any financing 
arrangement, provided that (i) any initial conditions precedent applicable for such 
commitments have been confirmed satisfied by the relevant financing provider prior to 
the calculation date and (ii) such undrawn commitments are (A) possible to be paid out 
to the relevant Group Company in cash within five Business Days after the relevant date 
of calculation and (B) only subject to customary drawdown conditions,  
in each case, provided that such amounts after the expiry of the time periods referred to in 
paragraphs (a)(i) and (b)(ii)(A) above are immediately available to be applied in repayment, 
prepayment, redemption or repurchase of the Notes. 
"Nominal Amount" means the amount for each Note specified in the Final Terms in respect of 
a Loan.

--- Page 32 ---
32 (83) 
 
"Note" means a debt instrument (Sw. skuldförbindelse) for the Nominal Amount and of the type 
set forth in Chapter 1 Section 3 of the Central Securities Depositories and Financial Instruments 
Accounts Act, which represents a part of a Loan and which is governed by and issued under 
these Terms and Conditions. 
"Noteholder" means, in respect of a Note, the person who is registered on a Securities Account 
as direct registered owner (Sw. direktregistrerad ägare) or nominee (Sw. förvaltare) with respect 
to that Note, subject however, to Clause 4 (Right to act on behalf of a Noteholder). 
"Noteholders' Meeting" means a meeting among the Noteholders held in accordance with 
Clause 15 (Noteholders' Meeting). 
"Preference Shares” means preference shares (Sw. preferensaktier) issued by the Issuer from 
time to time on market terms or better. 
"Record Date" means the fifth (5) Business Day prior to (i) an Interest Payment Date, (ii) a 
Redemption Date, (iii) a date on which a payment to the Noteholders is to be made under 
Clause 13 (Distribution of Proceeds), (iv) the date of a Noteholders' Meeting, or (v) another 
relevant date, or in each case such other Business Day falling prior to a relevant date if generally 
applicable on the Swedish bond market. 
"Redemption Date" means the Maturity Date or the date on which the relevant Notes in respect 
of a Loan are to be redeemed or repurchased in accordance with Clause 8 (Redemption and 
repurchase of Notes). 
"Reference Date" means 31 March, 30 June, 30 September and 31 December each year.  
"Reference Period" means each period of twelve (12) consecutive calendar months. 
"Regulated Market" means any regulated market (as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU on 
markets in financial instruments, as amended). 
"Restricted Payment" has the meaning set forth in Clause 11.1 (Distributions). 
"Securities Account" means the account for dematerialised securities maintained by the CSD 
pursuant to the Central Securities Depositories and Financial Instruments Accounts Act, in 
which: 
(a) 
an owner of such security is directly registered; or 
(b) 
an owner's holding of securities is registered in the name of a nominee. 
"Security" means a mortgage, charge, pledge, lien, security assignment or other security 
interest securing any obligation of any person, or any other agreement or arrangement having 
a similar effect. 
"STIBOR" means: 
(a) 
the Stockholm interbank offered rate (STIBOR) administered by the Base Rate 
Administrator (or any person replacing it as administrator) for Swedish Kronor and for a 
period comparable to the relevant Interest Period, as displayed on page STIBOR= of 
the Refinitiv screen (or through such other system or on such other page as replaces 
the said system or page) as of or around 11.00 a.m. on the Interest Determination Date;

--- Page 33 ---
33 (83) 
 
(b) 
if no rate as described in paragraph (a) above is available for the relevant Interest 
Period, the rate determined by the Administrative Agent by linear interpolation between 
the two closest rates for STIBOR fixing, as displayed on page STIBOR= of the Refinitiv 
screen (or any replacement thereof) as of or around 11.00 a.m. on the Interest 
Determination Date for Swedish Kronor; 
(c) 
if no rate as described in paragraph (a) or (b) above is available for the relevant Interest 
Period, the arithmetic mean of the Stockholm interbank offered rates (rounded upwards 
to four decimal places) as supplied to the Administrative Agent at its request quoted by 
the banks reasonably selected by the Administrative Agent for deposits of 
SEK 100,000,000 for the relevant period; or 
(d) 
if no rate as described in paragraph (a) or (b) above is available for the relevant Interest 
Period and no quotation is available pursuant to paragraph (c) above, the interest rate 
which according to the reasonable assessment of the Administrative Agent best reflects 
the interest rate for deposits in Swedish Kronor offered in the Stockholm interbank 
market for the relevant period. 
"Subsidiary" means in relation to any person, any Swedish or foreign legal entity (whether 
incorporated or not), which at the time is a subsidiary (Sw. dotterföretag) to such person, directly 
or indirectly, as defined in the Swedish Companies Act (Sw. aktiebolagslagen (2005:551)). 
"Swedish Kronor" and "SEK" means the lawful currency of Sweden. 
"Total Assets" means the aggregate book value of the Group’s total assets as reported in the 
Group's balance sheet in accordance with the Accounting Principles of the Group from time to 
time. 
"Total Nominal Amount" means, with respect to a Loan, the total aggregate Nominal Amount 
of the Notes outstanding at the relevant time under that Loan. 
"Written Procedure" means the written or electronic procedure for decision making among the 
Noteholders in accordance with Clause 16 (Written Procedure). 
1.2 
Construction 
1.2.1 
Unless a contrary indication appears, any reference in these Terms and Conditions to: 
(a) 
"assets" includes present and future properties, revenues and rights of every 
description; 
(b) 
any agreement or instrument is a reference to that agreement or instrument as 
supplemented, amended, novated, extended, restated or replaced from time to time; 
(c) 
a "regulation" includes any law, regulation, rule or official directive (whether or not 
having the force of law) of any governmental, intergovernmental or supranational body, 
agency or department;  
(d) 
a provision of law is a reference to that provision as amended or re-enacted; and 
(e) 
a time of day is a reference to Stockholm time. 
1.2.2 
An Event of Default is continuing if it has not been remedied or waived.

--- Page 34 ---
34 (83) 
 
1.2.3 
When ascertaining whether a limit or threshold specified in Swedish Kronor has been attained 
or broken, an amount in another currency shall be counted on the basis of the rate of exchange 
for such currency against Swedish Kronor for the previous Business Day, as published by the 
Swedish Central Bank (Sw. Riksbanken) on its website (www.riksbank.se). If no such rate is 
available, the most recently published rate shall be used instead. 
1.2.4 
A notice shall be deemed to be sent by way of press release if it is made available to the public 
within Sweden promptly and in a non-discriminatory manner. 
1.2.5 
No delay or omission of the Agent or of any Noteholder to exercise any right or remedy under 
the Loan Terms shall impair or operate as a waiver of any such right or remedy. 
1.2.6 
Further definitions in respect of a Loan are contained (where relevant) in the applicable Final 
Terms. The definitions contained in these Terms and Conditions shall also apply to the Final 
Terms. 
2 
ISSUANCE OF NOTES 
2.1 
Under this Programme the Issuer may issue Notes in Euro and Swedish Kronor with a minimum 
term of one (1) year. Under a Loan, Notes may be issued in one or more tranches. 
2.2 
The Issuer may issue Notes under this Programme, provided that: 
(a) 
no Event of Default is continuing or would result from the expiry of a grace period, the 
giving of notice, the making of any determination or any combination of any of the 
foregoing, or from such issue; and 
(b) 
that the aggregate amount of Notes issued does not exceed the Framework Amount in 
accordance with Clause 11.12 (Framework Amount). 
2.3 
The Notes constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the 
Issuer and shall at all times (i) rank pari passu and without any preference among them and (ii) 
at least pari passu with all other direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured obligations 
of the Issuer, except those obligations which are mandatorily preferred by regulation. 
2.4 
The Issuer undertakes to repay the principal and to pay interest in respect of each Loan in 
accordance with the Loan Terms. 
2.5 
In subscribing for Notes each initial Noteholder accepts that its Notes shall have the rights and 
be subject to the conditions stated in the Loan Terms. In acquiring Notes each new Noteholder 
confirms such acceptance. 
2.6 
If the Issuer wishes to issue Notes under this Programme the Issuer shall enter into a separate 
agreement for this purpose with one or more Dealers which shall be the Issuing Dealer(s) for 
that Loan. 
2.7 
Final Terms shall be established in relation to each Loan which together with these Terms and 
Conditions shall constitute the complete Loan Terms for that Loan. 
2.8 
The Issuer agrees that it will, without undue delay, send a copy of the signed Final Terms to the 
Agent after the Final Terms for a Loan have been signed.

--- Page 35 ---
35 (83) 
 
2.9 
The Notes are freely transferable, but the Noteholders may be subject to purchase or transfer 
restrictions with regard to the Notes, as applicable, under local regulation to which a Noteholder 
may be subject. Each Noteholder must ensure compliance with such restrictions at its own cost 
and expense. 
2.10 
No action is being taken in any jurisdiction that would or is intended to permit a public offering 
of the Notes or the possession, circulation or distribution of any document or other material 
relating to the Issuer or the Notes in any jurisdiction other than Sweden, where action for that 
purpose is required. Each Noteholder must inform itself about, and observe, any applicable 
restrictions to the transfer of material relating to the Issuer or the Notes. 
3 
REGISTRATION OF NOTES 
3.1 
Notes shall be registered for the Noteholders on their respective Securities Account and no 
physical notes representing the Notes will be issued. Accordingly, the Notes will be registered 
in accordance with the Central Securities Depositories and Financial Instruments Accounts Act. 
Registration requests relating to the Notes shall be directed to an Account Operator. 
3.2 
The Debt Register shall constitute conclusive evidence of the persons who are Noteholders and 
their holdings of Notes. 
3.3 
Those who according to assignment, Security, the provisions of the Swedish Children and 
Parents Code (Sw. föräldrabalken (1949:381)), conditions of will or deed of gift or otherwise 
have acquired a right to receive payments in respect of a Note shall register their entitlements 
to receive payment in accordance with the Financial Instruments Accounts Act. 
3.4 
The Issuer (and the Agent when permitted under the CSD's applicable regulations) shall, for the 
purpose of carrying out its tasks in connection with the Loan Terms and, with the CSD's 
permission, at all other times be entitled to obtain information from the Debt Register. At the 
request of the Agent, the Issuer shall promptly obtain such information and provide it to the 
Agent. For the purpose of carrying out any administrative procedure that arises out of Loan 
Terms, the Administrative Agent shall be entitled to obtain information from the Debt Register. 
3.5 
For the purpose of Clause 3.4, the Issuer shall issue any necessary power of attorney to such 
persons employed by the Agent, as notified by the Agent, in order for such individuals to obtain 
information directly from the Debt Register. The Issuer may not revoke any such power of 
attorney unless directed by the Agent or unless consent thereto is given by the Noteholders. 
3.6 
The Issuer, the Agent and/or the Administrative Agent may use the information referred to in 
Clause 3.4 only for the purposes of carrying out their duties and exercising their rights in 
accordance with the Loan Terms and the Agency Agreement and shall not disclose such 
information to a Noteholder or any third party unless necessary for such purposes. Neither the 
Agent nor the Administrative Agent shall be responsible for the content of such register that is 
referred to in Clause 3.4 or in any other way be responsible for determining who is a Noteholder. 
4 
RIGHT TO ACT ON BEHALF OF A NOTEHOLDER 
4.1 
If any person other than a Noteholder wishes to exercise any rights under the Loan Terms, it 
must obtain a power of attorney or other proof of authorisation from the Noteholder or a

--- Page 36 ---
36 (83) 
 
successive, coherent chain of powers of attorney or proofs of authorisation starting with the 
Noteholder and authorising such person. 
4.2 
A Noteholder may issue one or several powers of attorney or other authorisations to third parties 
to represent it in relation to some or all of the Notes held by it. Any such representative may act 
independently under the Loan Terms in relation to the Notes for which such representative is 
entitled to represent the Noteholder. 
4.3 
The Agent shall only have to examine the face of a power of attorney or other proof of 
authorisation that has been provided to it pursuant to Clause 4.1 and may assume that it has 
been duly authorised, is valid, has not been revoked or superseded and that it is in full force and 
effect, unless otherwise is apparent from its face or the Agent has actual knowledge to the 
contrary. 
4.4 
The Loan Terms shall not affect the relationship between a Noteholder who is the nominee 
(Sw. förvaltare) with respect to a Note and the owner of such Note, and it is the responsibility of 
such nominee to observe and comply with any restrictions that may apply to it in this capacity. 
5 
PAYMENTS IN RESPECT OF NOTES 
5.1 
Payments in respect of Notes denominated in SEK shall be made in SEK and payments in 
respect of Notes denominated in EUR shall be made in EUR. 
5.2 
A Loan falls due on its specified Maturity Date. Interest accruing on Notes shall be paid on each 
Interest Payment Date in accordance with the Final Terms for that Loan. Subject to Clause 8.3 
(Voluntary total redemption (call option)), each Note shall be repaid on its specified Maturity 
Date at an amount equal to its Nominal Amount together with any accrued but unpaid interest. 
5.3 
Any payment or repayment under the Loan Terms shall be made to such person who is 
registered as a Noteholder in respect of the Notes on the Record Date prior to an Interest 
Payment Date or other relevant due date, or to such other person who is registered with the 
CSD on such date as being entitled to receive the relevant payment, repayment or repurchase 
amount. 
5.4 
If a Noteholder has registered, through an Account Operator, that principal and interest shall be 
deposited in a certain bank account, such deposits will be effected by the CSD on the relevant 
payment date. Should the CSD, due to a delay on behalf of the Issuer or some other obstacle, 
not be able to effect payments as aforesaid, the Issuer shall procure that such amounts are paid 
to the persons who are registered as Noteholders on the relevant Record Date as soon as 
possible after such obstacle has been removed. 
5.5 
If, due to any obstacle for the CSD, the Issuer cannot make a payment or repayment, such 
payment or repayment may be postponed until the obstacle has been removed. Interest shall 
accrue in accordance with Clause 7 (Default interest) during such postponement. 
5.6 
If payment or repayment is made in accordance with this Clause 5, the Issuer and the CSD shall 
be deemed to have fulfilled their obligation to pay, irrespective of whether such payment was 
made to a person not entitled to receive such amount, unless the Issuer or the CSD (as 
applicable) was aware of that the payment was being made to a person not entitled to receive 
such amount.

--- Page 37 ---
37 (83) 
 
5.7 
The Issuer shall pay any stamp duty and other public fees accruing in connection with the 
issuance of Notes, but not in respect of trading in the secondary market (except to the extent 
required by applicable law), and shall deduct at source any applicable withholding tax payable 
pursuant to law. The Issuer shall not be liable to reimburse any stamp duty or public fee or to 
gross-up any payments under the Loan Terms by virtue of any withholding tax. 
6 
INTEREST 
6.1 
Fixed interest rate 
6.1.1 
If the Final Terms of a Loan specify fixed interest rate as applicable to it, the Loan shall bear 
interest on its Nominal Amount at the Interest Rate, from (but excluding) the Interest 
Commencement Date up to (and including) the Redemption Date. 
6.1.2 
If the Final Terms of a Loan specify fixed interest rate as applicable to it, Interest accrued during 
an Interest Period is calculated using the Day Count Convention specified in the Final Terms 
and paid in arrears on the relevant Interest Payment Date or, to the extent such day is not a 
Business Day, the first following day that is a Business Day. Interest will however only accrue 
until the relevant Interest Payment Date. 
6.2 
Floating interest rate 
6.2.1 
If the Final Terms of a Loan specify floating interest rate as applicable to it, the Loan shall bear 
interest on its Nominal Amount, from (but excluding) the Interest Commencement Date up to 
(and including) the Redemption Date. 
6.2.2 
If the Final Terms of a Loan specify floating interest rate as applicable to it, the Interest Rate 
applicable to each respective Interest Period is determined by the Agent on the respective 
Interest Determination Date as the Base Rate for such period plus the Margin, as adjusted by 
any application of Clause 18 (Replacement of Base Rate). If the Base Rate and the Margin for 
the relevant period is below zero (0), the Interest Rate shall be deemed to be zero (0). 
6.2.3 
If the Interest Rate is not determined on the Interest Determination Date because of an obstacle 
such as is described in Clause 23.1, the Loan shall continue to bear interest at the rate that 
applied to the immediately preceding Interest Period. As soon as the obstacle has been 
removed the Agent shall calculate a new Interest Rate to apply from the second Business Day 
after the date of calculation until the end of the current Interest Period. 
6.2.4 
If the Final Terms of a Loan specify floating interest rate as applicable to it, Interest accrued 
during an Interest Period is calculated using the Day Count Convention specified in the Final 
Terms and paid in arrears on the relevant Interest Payment Date or, to the extent such day is 
not a Business Day, the first following day that is a Business Day unless that day falls in the 
next calendar month, in which case that date will be the first preceding day that is a Business 
Day. 
7 
DEFAULT INTEREST 
7.1 
If the Issuer fails to pay any amount payable by it under the Loan Terms on its due date, default 
interest shall accrue on the overdue amount from (but excluding) the due date up to and 
including the date of actual payment at a rate which is two hundred (200) basis points higher

--- Page 38 ---
38 (83) 
 
than the Interest Rate. The default interest shall not be capitalised. No default interest shall 
accrue where the failure to pay was solely attributable to the Agent or the CSD, in which case 
the Interest Rate shall apply instead. 
7.2 
If the delay is due to an obstacle of the kind set out in Clause 23.1 on the part of the Issuing 
Dealer(s) or any relevant CSD, no penalty interest shall apply, in which case the interest rate 
which applied to the relevant Loan on the relevant due date shall apply instead. 
8 
REDEMPTION AND REPURCHASE OF NOTES 
8.1 
Redemption upon maturity 
A Loan falls due on the Maturity Date. Unless redeemed earlier in accordance with this Clause 8, 
each Note shall be redeemed on the Maturity Date in an amount equal to its Nominal Amount 
together with accrued but unpaid interest (if any). If the Maturity Date is not a Business Day, 
redemption shall occur on the first following Business Day. 
8.2 
Repurchase of Notes by a Group Company 
Each Group Company may, subject to applicable regulations, repurchase Notes at any time and 
at any price in the open market or in any other way. Notes owned by a Group Company may at 
such Group Company's discretion be retained or resold but not cancelled, except in connection 
with a redemption or repurchase of all the Notes under a Loan in full. 
8.3 
Voluntary total redemption (call option) 
8.3.1 
The Final Terms for a Loan may specify a right for the Issuer to redeem all, but not some only, 
of the outstanding Notes under that Loan in full on any Business Day prior to the Maturity Date 
for such Loan. If Notes are redeemed pursuant to this Clause 8.3.1, such Notes shall be 
redeemed at the time and the price specified in such Final Terms together with any accrued but 
unpaid interest. 
8.3.2 
Redemption in accordance with Clause 8.3.1 shall be made by the Issuer giving not less than 
fifteen (15) Business Days' notice to the Noteholders and the Agent, in each case calculated 
from the effective date of the notice. Any such notice shall state the date on which the Notes of 
that Loan are to be redeemed or repurchased, the relevant Record Date and the redemption 
price and is irrevocable but may, at the Issuer's discretion, contain one or more conditions 
precedent that shall be satisfied prior to the Record Date. Upon fulfilment of the conditions 
precedent(s) (if any), the Issuer shall redeem the Notes in full at the applicable amounts on the 
date on which the Notes are to be redeemed or repurchased as specified in the above notice. 
8.4 
Mandatory repurchase due to a Change of Control Event or a De-listing Event (put option) 
8.4.1 
Upon a Change of Control Event or a De-listing Event occurring, each Noteholder shall have 
the right to request that all, or some only, of its Notes be repurchased at a price per Note equal 
to 101.00 per cent. of the Nominal Amount together with accrued but unpaid Interest, during a 
period of thirty (30) calendar days following receipt of a notice from the Issuer of the Change of 
Control Event or the De-listing Event pursuant to Clause 9.3 (after which time period such right 
shall lapse). However, such period may not start earlier than upon the occurrence of the Change 
of Control Event or De-listing Event.

--- Page 39 ---
39 (83) 
 
8.4.2 
The notice from the Issuer pursuant to Clause 9.3 shall specify the period during which the right 
pursuant to this Clause 8.4 may be exercised, the repurchase date and include instructions 
about the actions that a Noteholder needs to take if it wants Notes held by it to be repurchased. 
If a Noteholder has so requested, and acted in accordance with the instructions in the notice 
from the Issuer, the Issuer, or a person designated by the Issuer, shall repurchase the relevant 
Notes and the repurchase amount shall fall due on the repurchase date specified in the notice 
given by the Issuer pursuant to Clause 9.3. The repurchase date must fall no later than twenty 
(20) Business Days after the end of the period referred to in Clause 8.3.1. 
8.4.3 
The Issuer shall comply with the requirements of any applicable securities laws or regulations 
in connection with the repurchase of Notes. To the extent that the provisions of such laws and 
regulations conflict with the provisions in this Clause 8.4, the Issuer shall comply with the 
applicable securities laws and regulations and will not be deemed to have breached its 
obligations under this Clause 8.4. by virtue of the conflict. 
8.4.4 
Any Note repurchased by the Issuer pursuant to this Clause 8.4 may at the Issuer's discretion 
be retained or sold but not cancelled, except in connection with a redemption or repurchase of 
all of the Notes representing the relevant Loan. 
8.4.5 
The Issuer shall not be required to repurchase any Note pursuant to this Clause 8.4, if a third 
party in connection with the occurrence of a Change of Control Event or a De-listing Event offers 
to purchase the Notes in the manner and on the terms set out in this Clause 8.4 (or on terms 
more favourable to the Noteholders) and purchases all Notes validly tendered in accordance 
with such offer. If the Notes tendered are not purchased within the time limits stipulated in this 
Clause 8.4, the Issuer shall repurchase any such Notes within five (5) Business Days after the 
expiry of the time limit. 
9 
INFORMATION TO NOTEHOLDERS 
9.1 
Information from the Issuer 
9.1.1 
As long as there are any outstanding Notes issued under this Programme, the Issuer will make 
the following information available to the Noteholders and the Agent by way of press release 
and by publication on the website of the Issuer: 
(a) 
as soon as the same become available, but in any event within four (4) months after the 
end of each financial year, the annual audited consolidated financial statements of the 
Group for that financial year and the annual audited unconsolidated financial statements 
of the Issuer, including a profit and loss account, a balance sheet, a cash flow statement 
and management commentary or report from the Issuer's board of directors; 
(b) 
as soon as the same become available, but in any event within two (2) months after the 
end of each quarter of each financial year, the quarterly interim unaudited consolidated 
reports of the Group and the quarterly interim unaudited unconsolidated reports of the 
Issuer, each including a profit and loss account, a balance sheet, a cash flow statement 
and management commentary or report from the Issuer's board of directors; 
(c) 
as soon as practicable following an acquisition or disposal of Notes by a Group 
Company, the aggregate Nominal Amount held by Group Companies, or the amount of 
Notes under a certain Loan cancelled by the Issuer; and

--- Page 40 ---
40 (83) 
 
(d) 
any other information required by the Swedish Securities Markets Act (Sw. lag 
(2007:528) om värdepappersmarknaden) and the rules and regulations of the 
Regulated Market on which the Notes are admitted to trading. 
9.1.2 
The reports referred to under Clause 9.1.1 shall be prepared in accordance with the Accounting 
Principles and made available in accordance with the rules and regulations of Nasdaq 
Stockholm (as amended from time to time) or any other Regulated Market on which the Issuer’s 
securities from time to time are listed or admitted to trading and the Swedish Securities Market 
Act (Sw. lag (2007:528) om värdepappersmarknaden). 
9.1.3 
The Issuer shall make available to the Agent and on its website, in connection with the 
publication of the annual audited consolidated Financial Statements of the Group, a report of 
the use of proceeds in respect of its Green Notes in accordance with the Issuer's Green Notes 
Framework. 
9.1.4 
The Issuer shall deliver to the Agent a duly executed Compliance Certificate, together with 
copies of any notices sent to the Regulated Market on which the Notes are admitted to trading, 
(i) together with each Financial Statements, (ii) in connection with testing the Distribution Test 
and/or the Maintenance Test (iii) in connection with an Issue Date, and (iv) within twenty (20) 
calendar days from the Agent's reasonable request. The Compliance Certificate shall include, 
as applicable, any figures in respect of the basis on which the Distribution Test and/or the 
Maintenance Test has been calculated.  
9.1.5 
The Issuer shall promptly notify the Agent and the Noteholders upon becoming aware of the 
occurrence of a Change of Control Event or a De-listing Event. Such notice may be given in 
advance of the occurrence of a Change of Control Event or a De- listing Event, conditioned 
upon the occurrence of such Change of Control Event or De-listing Event, if a definitive 
agreement is in place providing for a Change of Control Event or a De-listing Event, as 
applicable. 
9.1.6 
The Issuer shall immediately notify the Agent (with full particulars) upon becoming aware of the 
occurrence of any event or circumstance which constitutes an Event of Default, or any event or 
circumstance which would (with the expiry of a grace period, the giving of notice, the making of 
any determination or any combination of any of the foregoing) constitute an Event of Default, 
and shall provide the Agent with such further information as it may reasonably request in writing 
following receipt of such notice. Should the Agent not receive such information, the Agent is 
entitled to assume that no such event or circumstance exists or can be expected to occur, 
provided that the Agent does not have actual knowledge of such event or circumstance. 
9.1.7 
The Issuer is only obliged to inform the Agent according to this Clause 9.1 if informing the Agent 
would not conflict with any applicable laws or, when the Notes are listed, the Issuer's registration 
contract with the Regulated Market. If such a conflict would exist pursuant to the listing contract 
with the Regulated Market or otherwise, the Issuer shall however be obliged to either seek 
approval from the Regulated Market or undertake other reasonable measures, including 
entering into a non-disclosure agreement with the Agent, in order to be able to timely inform the 
Agent according to this Clause 9.1. 
9.1.8 
The Issuer shall notify the Agent of any transaction which is not within the ordinary course of 
business as referred to in Clause 11.4 (Disposal of Assets) and the Issuer shall, upon request 
by the Agent, provide the Agent with (i) any information relating to such transaction which the

--- Page 41 ---
41 (83) 
 
Agent deems necessary (acting reasonably), and (ii) a certificate from the Issuer which states 
whether the transaction is carried out on an arm’s length basis and on terms and conditions 
customary for such transaction or not and whether such transaction has a Material Adverse 
Effect or not. The Agent is not responsible for assessing if the transaction is carried out on an 
arm’s length basis and on terms and conditions customary for such transaction, and whether it 
has a Material Adverse Effect, but is not bound by the Issuer's determination under item (ii) 
above. 
9.2 
Information from the Agent 
Subject to the restrictions of any applicable law and regulation, the Agent is entitled to disclose 
to the Noteholders any event or circumstance directly or indirectly relating to the Issuer or the 
Notes. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Agent may if it considers it to be beneficial to the 
interests of the Noteholders delay disclosure or refrain from disclosing certain information other 
than in respect of an Event of Default that has occurred and is continuing. 
9.3 
Information among the Noteholders 
Subject to applicable regulations, the Agent shall promptly upon request by a Noteholder under 
a certain Loan forward by post any information from such Noteholder to the Noteholders under 
the same Loan which relates to the Notes under such Loan (unless, in the opinion the Agent, 
such request is vexatious or frivolous). The Agent may require that the requesting Noteholder 
or the Issuer reimburses any costs or expenses incurred, or to be incurred, by it in doing so 
(including a reasonable fee for its work). 
9.4 
Availability of Finance Documents 
9.4.1 
The latest version of these Terms and Conditions and the Final Terms for each outstanding 
Loan under this Programme shall be available on the website of the Issuer and the Agent and 
be available to the Noteholders at the office of the Agent during normal business hours. 
9.4.2 
The Green Notes Framework and the second opinion relating to the Green Notes Framework 
shall be available on the website of the Issuer following an issue of Green Notes and for as long 
as any Green Notes are outstanding. 
10 
FINANCIAL COVENANT 
10.1 
Maintenance Test 
10.1.1 The Maintenance Test shall be tested quarterly, on each Reference Date for as long as any 
Loan is outstanding under this Programme, on the basis of the interim Financial Statements for 
the Reference Period ending on such Reference Date and shall be reported in the Compliance 
Certificate delivered in connection with such Financial Statements.  
10.1.2 The Maintenance Test is met if the Equity is no less than SEK 1,000,000,000. 
10.2 
Distribution Test 
10.2.1 The Distribution Test shall be tested, if a Restricted Payment requires that the Distribution Test 
is met, on the date on which the relevant disbursement or payment is made. 
10.2.2 The Distribution Test is met if:

--- Page 42 ---
42 (83) 
 
(a) 
the Minimum Liquidity is not less than SEK 200,000,000; 
(b) 
no Event of Default is continuing or would result from the expiry of a grace period, the 
giving of a notice, the making of any determination (or any combination of the foregoing) 
or from the relevant distribution or payment (as applicable); and 
(c) 
the Maintenance Test is met on a pro forma basis if tested immediately after the making 
of the relevant Restricted Payment. 
11 
GENERAL UNDERTAKINGS 
11.1 
Distributions 
11.1.1 The Issuer shall not, and shall procure that none of its Subsidiaries will: 
(a) 
make or pay any dividend on its shares; 
(b) 
repurchase any of its own shares; 
(c) 
redeem or reduce its share capital or other restricted or unrestricted equity with 
repayment to shareholders; 
(d) 
make any payment of principal or accrued or deferred interest under any shareholder 
loans or any Hybrid Instruments; or 
(e) 
make any other similar distribution or transfers of value (Sw. värdeöverföringar) to the 
Issuer's or its Subsidiaries' direct and indirect shareholders or the Affiliates of such direct 
and indirect shareholders. 
The transactions set out in paragraphs (a) to (e) above are together and individually referred to 
as a "Restricted Payment".  
11.1.2 Notwithstanding what is set out in Clause 11.1 (Distributions), a Restricted Payment may be 
made: 
(a) 
by the Issuer, provided that the Distribution Test is met (calculated on a pro forma basis 
including the Restricted Payment in question and any dividends on Preference Shares 
and payment of accrued or deferred interest under any Hybrid Instruments resolved 
upon but not yet paid out); 
(b) 
to the Issuer or a direct or indirect Subsidiary of the Issuer but, if made by a Subsidiary 
which is not directly or indirectly wholly-owned by the Issuer, is made on a pro rata 
basis;  
(c) 
by the Issuer or a direct or indirect Subsidiary of the Issuer under any management 
incentive programs or management profit or valuation participation arrangements;  
(d) 
by the Issuer, in respect of payment of accrued or deferred interest under any Hybrid 
Instruments provided that such Hybrid Instrument has been issued following a public 
offering and on market terms; and 
(e) 
by the Issuer, in respect of payment of principal and interest under Hybrid Instruments 
in connection with a refinancing or in full of such Hybrid Instruments financed by the 
issuance of new Hybrid Instruments, new Preference Shares or other equity.

--- Page 43 ---
43 (83) 
 
11.2 
Nature of business 
The Issuer shall procure that no substantial change is made to the general nature of the 
business of the Group taken as a whole from that carried out by the Group on the date of these 
Terms and Conditions. 
11.3 
Financial Indebtedness 
(a) 
The Issuer shall not, and shall procure that none of its Subsidiaries, incur any Financial 
Indebtedness under Market Loans (other than the Existing Bond Loan and any Financial 
Indebtedness incurred under the Loan Terms). 
(b) 
Notwithstanding paragraph (a) above, the Issuer may incur Financial Indebtedness 
under Market Loans which have a final redemption date falling after the Maturity Date 
of the relevant Loan. 
11.4 
Disposal of assets 
The Issuer shall not, and shall procure that no Material Group Company, sell or otherwise 
dispose of all or a substantial part of its or that Material Group Company's assets or operations 
to any person not being the Issuer or any of its wholly-owned Subsidiaries, unless the 
transaction (taken as a whole also taking into account any transaction ancillary or related 
thereto) is carried out at fair market value and on terms and conditions customary for such 
transaction and provided that it does not have a Material Adverse Effect (or in each case on 
terms more favourable to the relevant Group Company). 
11.5 
Dealings with related parties 
The Issuer shall, and shall procure that its Subsidiaries, conduct all dealings with the direct and 
indirect shareholders of the Group Companies (excluding other Group Companies) and/or any 
Affiliates of such direct and indirect shareholders at arm's length terms. 
11.6 
Negative pledge 
(a) 
The Issuer shall not, and shall procure that none of its Subsidiaries, provide, prolong or 
renew any security over any of its/their assets (present or future) and/or grant 
guarantees to secure any Market Loan(s) or Hybrid Instrument(s) raised by the Issuer 
or another Group Company. 
(b) 
The Issuer shall ensure that Catella Property Fund Management AB, reg. no. 556660-
8369, does not provide, prolong or renew any security over any of its assets (present or 
future) to secure any Financial Indebtedness of Catella Property Fund Management AB, 
or any of its Subsidiaries. 
(c) 
Notwithstanding paragraph (b) above, Catella Property Fund Management AB, may 
provide, prolong or renew security in relation to any agreement entered into by Catella 
Property Fund Management AB, or any of its Subsidiaries in the ordinary course of 
business and on normal commercial terms. 
(d) 
The Issuer shall not, and shall procure that none of its Subsidiaries, provide, prolong or 
renew any security over the shares in Catella Property Fund Management AB, reg. no. 
556660-8369, to secure any Financial Indebtedness.

--- Page 44 ---
44 (83) 
 
11.7 
Admission to trading of Notes 
11.7.1 If admission to trading is applicable under the Final Terms of a Loan, the Issuer shall ensure: 
(a) 
that the Notes under that Loan are admitted to trading on the relevant Regulated Market 
on, or about, the date set out in such Final Terms; and 
(b) 
that such Notes remain admitted to trading on the relevant Regulated Market, 
or, in each case, if such admission to trading is not possible to obtain or maintain, admitted to 
trading on another Regulated Market, for as long as such Notes are outstanding (however, 
taking into account the rules and regulations of the relevant Regulated Market and the CSD (as 
amended from time to time). 
11.8 
Compliance with laws 
The Issuer shall, and shall procure that all its Subsidiaries, (i) comply in all material respects 
with all laws and regulations applicable from time to time, including but not limited to the rules 
and regulations of Nasdaq Stockholm or any other Regulated Market on which the Issuer's 
securities from time to time are listed or admitted to trading, and (ii) obtain, maintain, and in all 
material respects comply with, the terms and conditions of any authorisation, approval, licence 
or other permit required for the business carried out by a Group Company. 
11.9 
Maintenance Test 
The Issuer shall ensure that the Maintenance Test is met for as long as Notes are outstanding. 
11.10 Status of the Loans 
The Issuer shall ensure that its payment obligations under each Loan rank at least pari passu 
with its other unsubordinated and unsecured payment obligations, save for such obligations as 
may be preferred by provisions of law that are both mandatory and of general application. 
11.11 Mergers and demergers 
The Issuer shall not, and shall procure that no other Group Company, enter into a merger or 
demerger if such merger or demerger is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect. The Issuer 
shall not enter into a merger where the Issuer is not the surviving entity and the Issuer may not 
be demerged. 
11.12 Framework amount 
The Issuer may not issue Notes under this Programme where such would entail that the 
aggregate Nominal Amount of all Notes outstanding under this Programme exceeds the 
Framework Amount on the day on which the agreement regarding the issuance of Notes was 
entered into between the Issuer and the Issuing Dealer. 
11.13 CSD related undertaking 
The Issuer shall keep the Notes affiliated with the CSD and comply with all applicable CSD 
Regulations. 
11.14 Undertakings relating to the Agency Agreement 
11.14.1 The Issuer shall, in accordance with the Agency Agreement:

--- Page 45 ---
45 (83) 
 
(a) 
pay fees to the Agent; 
(b) 
indemnify the Agent for costs, losses and liabilities; 
(c) 
furnish to the Agent all information reasonably requested by or otherwise required to be 
delivered to the Agent; and 
(d) 
not act in a way which would give the Agent a legal or contractual right to terminate the 
Agency Agreement. 
11.14.2 The Issuer and the Agent shall not agree to amend any provisions of the Agency Agreement 
without the prior consent of the Noteholders if the amendment would be detrimental to the 
interests of the Noteholders. 
12 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT 
12.1 
Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default which is continuing, the Agent is entitled to, and 
shall (i) following a demand in writing from a Noteholder (or Noteholders) representing at least 
fifty (50.00) per cent. of the Adjusted Nominal Amount under a Loan (such demand may only be 
validly made by a person who is a Noteholder on the Business Day immediately following the 
day on which the demand is received by the Agent and shall, if made by several Noteholders, 
be made by them jointly) or following an instruction given pursuant to Clause 12.4, on behalf of 
the Noteholders by notice to the Issuer, declare all, but not some only, of the outstanding Notes 
under such Loan due and payable together with any other amounts payable under the Loan 
Terms, immediately or at such later date as the Agent determines and exercise any or all of its 
rights, remedies, powers and discretions under the Loan Terms, if: 
(a) 
Non-payment 
The Issuer does not pay on the due date any amount payable by it under any Loan, 
unless the non-payment: 
(i) 
is caused by administrative or technical error; and 
(ii) 
is remedied within five (5) Business Days from the due date. 
(b) 
Other obligations 
The Issuer or any other person (other than the Agent) does not comply with any terms 
or conditions of the relevant Loan Terms (other than as set out in paragraph (a) above 
or, if item "Green Notes" is applicable under the Final Terms of a Loan, a breach of the 
Green Notes Framework or the "use of Net Proceeds" from a Loan in breach of the 
Green Notes Framework), unless the non-compliance: 
(i) 
is capable of remedy; and 
(ii) 
is remedied within fifteen (15) Business Days of the earlier of (A) the Agent 
giving notice and (B) the Issuer becoming aware of the non-compliance. 
(c) 
Invalidity 
It is or becomes impossible or unlawful for the Issuer to fulfil or perform any of the 
provisions of these Terms and Conditions or the Loan Terms, or if the obligations under

--- Page 46 ---
46 (83) 
 
these Terms and Conditions or the Loan Terms are not, or cease to be, legal, valid, 
binding and enforceable. 
(d) 
Insolvency proceedings 
Any corporate action, legal proceedings or other procedure or step is taken (other than 
proceedings or petitions which are being disputed in good faith and are discharged, 
stayed or dismissed within 60 days of commencement or, if earlier, the date on which it 
is advertised) in relation to: 
(i) 
the suspension of payments, a moratorium of any indebtedness, winding-up, 
dissolution, 
administration, 
company 
reorganisation 
(Sw. 
företagsrekonstruktion) or bankruptcy (Sw. konkurs) of any Material Group 
Company, (other than a solvent liquidation or reorganisation of any Group 
Company other than the Issuer); 
(ii) 
a composition, compromise, assignment or arrangement with creditors of any 
Material Group Company generally, other than the Noteholders; 
(iii) 
the appointment of a liquidator, receiver, administrative receiver, administrator 
or other similar officer in respect of any Material Group Company or any of its 
assets; 
(iv) 
enforcement of any Security over any assets of any Material Group Company; 
or 
(v) 
any step analogous to items (i) to (iv) above is taken in any jurisdiction in 
relation to any Material Group Company. 
(e) 
Insolvency 
The Issuer is, or is deemed for the purposes of any applicable law to be, Insolvent. 
Any Material Group Company (other than the Issuer) is, or is deemed for the purposes 
of any applicable law to be, Insolvent where such event or circumstance is reasonably 
likely to have an adverse effect on the ability of the Issuer to perform its obligations 
under the Loan Terms.  
(f) 
Creditors’ process 
Any attachment, sequestration, distress or execution, or any analogous process in any 
jurisdiction, which affects any asset or assets of a Material Group Company having an 
aggregate value equal to or exceeding SEK 20,000,000 and is not discharged within 
sixty (60) calendar days. 
(g) 
Cross payment default and cross acceleration 
Any Financial Indebtedness of a Group Company is not paid when due nor within any 
originally applicable grace period, or is declared to be or otherwise becomes due and 
payable prior to its specified maturity as a result of an event of default (however 
described) provided that no Event of Default will occur under this Clause 12 if the 
aggregate amount of Financial Indebtedness that has fallen due is less than SEK 
20,000,000 and provided that it does not apply to any Financial Indebtedness owed to 
a Group Company.

--- Page 47 ---
47 (83) 
 
(h) 
Continuation of business 
The Issuer or another Material Group Company suspends or ceases to carry on (or 
threatens to suspend or cease to carry on) all or a material part of its business, except 
as permitted under Clause 11.4 (Disposal of Assets) or by way of a permitted merger 
pursuant to Clause 11.11 (Mergers and demergers). 
(i) 
Mergers and demergers 
Any Material Group Company (other than the Issuer) suspends or ceases to carry on 
(or threatens to suspend or cease to carry on) all or a material part of its business, 
except as permitted under Clause 11.2 (Disposals) and Clause 11.9 (Merger) or as a 
result of a solvent liquidation, where such event or circumstance is reasonably likely to 
have a Material Adverse Effect on the ability of the Issuer to perform its obligations 
under the Loan Terms. 
12.2 
The Agent may not accelerate the Notes in accordance with Clause 12.1 by reference to a 
specific Event of Default if it is no longer continuing or if it has been decided in accordance with 
these Terms and Conditions, to waive such Event of Default (temporarily or permanently). 
12.3 
The Agent shall notify the Noteholders of an Event of Default within five (5) Business Days of 
the date on which the Agent received actual knowledge of that an Event of Default has occurred 
and is continuing. The Agent shall, within twenty (20) Business Days of the date on which the 
Agent received actual knowledge of that an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, 
decide if the Notes shall be so accelerated. If the Agent decides not to accelerate the Notes, the 
Agent shall promptly seek instructions from the Noteholders in accordance with Clause 14 
(Decisions by Noteholders). The Agent shall always be entitled to take the time necessary to 
consider whether an occurred event constitutes an Event of Default. 
12.4 
If the relevant Noteholders instruct the Agent to accelerate the Notes for a relevant Loan, the 
Agent shall promptly declare the Notes for the relevant Loan due and payable and take such 
actions as may, in the opinion of the Agent, be necessary or desirable to enforce the rights of 
the Noteholders under the relevant Loan Terms, unless the relevant Event of Default is no longer 
continuing. 
12.5 
If the right to accelerate the Notes for a Loan is based upon a decision of a court of law or a 
government authority, it is not necessary that the decision has become enforceable under law 
or that the period of appeal has expired in order for cause of acceleration to be deemed to exist. 
12.6 
If the Notes for a Loan are declared due and payable in accordance with this Clause 12, the 
Issuer shall redeem all such Notes with an amount per Note equal to 101.00 per cent. of the 
Nominal Amount together with accrued but unpaid Interest. 
13 
DISTRIBUTION OF PROCEEDS 
13.1 
All payments by the Issuer relating to a Loan and the Loan Terms following an acceleration of 
the Loan in accordance with Clause 12 (Events of default) shall be distributed in the following 
order of priority, in accordance with the instructions of the Agent: 
(a) 
first, in or towards payment pro rata of (i) all unpaid fees, costs, expenses and 
indemnities payable by the Issuer to the Agent in accordance with the Agency

--- Page 48 ---
48 (83) 
 
Agreement (other than any indemnity given for liability against the Noteholders) in 
respect of a relevant Loan, (ii) other costs, expenses and indemnities relating to the 
acceleration of the Notes, or the protection of the Noteholders' rights as may have been 
incurred by the Agent, (iii) any costs incurred by the Agent for external experts that have 
not been reimbursed by the Issuer in accordance with Clause 19.2.8 and (iv) any costs 
and expenses incurred by the Agent in relation to a Noteholders' Meeting or a Written 
Procedure that have not been reimbursed by the Issuer in accordance with 
Clause 14.14, in each case together with default interest in accordance with Clause 7 
(Default interest) on any such amount calculated from the date it was due to be paid or 
reimbursed by the Issuer; 
(b) 
secondly, in or towards payment pro rata of accrued but unpaid Interest under the Loan 
(Interest due on an earlier Interest Payment Date to be paid before any Interest due on 
a later Interest Payment Date); 
(c) 
thirdly, in or towards payment pro rata of any unpaid principal under the Loan; and 
(d) 
fourthly, in or towards payment pro rata of any other costs or outstanding amounts 
unpaid under the Loan, including default interest in accordance with Clause 7 (Default 
Interest) on delayed payments of interest and repayments of principal. 
Any excess funds after the application of proceeds in accordance with paragraphs (a) to (d) 
above shall be paid to the Issuer. The application of proceeds in accordance with paragraphs 
(a) to (d) above shall, however, not restrict a Noteholders' Meeting or a Written Procedure from 
resolving that accrued Interest (whether overdue or not) shall be reduced without a 
corresponding reduction of principal. 
13.2 
If a Noteholder or another party has paid any fees, costs, expenses or indemnities referred to 
in Clause 13.1(a) such Noteholder or other party shall be entitled to reimbursement by way of a 
corresponding distribution in accordance with Clause 13.1(a). 
13.3 
Funds that the Agent receives (directly or indirectly) in connection with the acceleration of Notes 
for a Loan constitute escrow funds (Sw. redovisningsmedel) according to the Swedish Funds 
Accounting Act (Sw. lag (1944:181) om redovisningsmedel) and must be held on a separate 
bank account on behalf of the Noteholders and the other interested parties. The Agent shall 
arrange for payments of such funds in accordance with this Clause 13 as soon as reasonably 
practicable. 
13.4 
If the Issuer or the Agent shall make any payment under this Clause 13, the Issuer or the Agent, 
as applicable, shall notify the Noteholders of any such payment at least fifteen (15) Business 
Days before the payment is made. Such notice shall specify the Record Date, the payment date 
and the amount to be paid. Notwithstanding the foregoing, for any Interest due but unpaid the 
Record Date specified in Clause 5.2 shall apply. 
14 
DECISIONS BY NOTEHOLDERS 
14.1 
A request by the Agent for a decision by the Noteholders on a matter relating to the Loan Terms 
shall (at the option of the Agent) be dealt with at a Noteholders' Meeting or by way of a Written 
Procedure.

--- Page 49 ---
49 (83) 
 
14.2 
Any request from the Issuer or a Noteholder (or Noteholders) representing at least ten (10) per 
cent. of the Adjusted Nominal Amount of a Loan (such request may only be validly made by a 
person who is a Noteholder on the Business Day immediately following the day on which the 
request is received by the Agent and shall, if made by several Noteholders, be made by them 
jointly) for a decision by the Noteholders on a matter relating to the Loan shall be directed to the 
Agent and dealt with at a Noteholders' Meeting or by way of a Written Procedure, as determined 
by the Agent. The person requesting the decision may suggest the form for decision making, 
but if it is in the Agent's opinion more appropriate that a matter is dealt with at a Noteholders' 
Meeting than by way of a Written Procedure, it shall be dealt with at a Noteholders' Meeting. 
14.3 
The Agent may refrain from convening a Noteholders' Meeting or instigating a Written Procedure 
if (i) the suggested decision must be approved by any person in addition to the Noteholders and 
such person has informed the Agent that an approval will not be given, or (ii) the suggested 
decision is not in accordance with applicable regulations. 
14.4 
Only a person who is, or who has been provided with a power of attorney or other proof of 
authorization pursuant to Clause 4 (Right to act on behalf of a Noteholder) from a person who 
is, registered as a Noteholder under that Loan: 
(a) 
on the Record Date prior to the date of the Noteholders' Meeting, in respect of a 
Noteholders' Meeting, or 
(b) 
on the Business Day specified in the communication pursuant to Clause 16.3, in respect 
of a Written Procedure, 
may exercise voting rights as a Noteholder at such Noteholders' Meeting or in such Written 
Procedure, provided that the relevant Notes are included in the definition of Adjusted Nominal 
Amount. 
14.5 
The following matters shall require consent of Noteholders representing at least two thirds (2/3) 
of the Adjusted Nominal Amount for which Noteholders are voting at a Noteholders' Meeting or 
for which Noteholders reply in a Written Procedure in accordance with the instructions given 
pursuant to Clause 16.3: 
(a) 
a change to the terms of any of Clause 2.3, and Clauses 2.9 to 2.10; 
(b) 
waive a breach of or amend an undertaking set out in Clause 11 (General undertakings); 
(c) 
a mandatory exchange of Notes under a Loan for other securities; 
(d) 
reduce the principal amount, Interest Rate or Interest which shall be paid by the Issuer 
for a Loan (other than in accordance with the Loan Terms, including what follows from 
the application of Clause 18 (Replacement of Base Rate); 
(e) 
change the issuer or a transfer by the Issuer of its rights and obligations under a Loan; 
(f) 
amend any payment day for principal or Interest for a Loan or waive any breach of a 
payment undertaking; or 
(g) 
amend the provisions in this Clause 14.5. 
14.6 
Any matter not covered by Clause 14.5 shall require the consent of Noteholders representing 
more than fifty (50) per cent. of the Adjusted Nominal Amount for the Loan for which Noteholders 
are voting at a Noteholders' Meeting or for which Noteholders reply in a Written Procedure in

--- Page 50 ---
50 (83) 
 
accordance with the instructions given pursuant to Clause 16.3. This includes, but is not limited 
to, any amendment to, or waiver of, the terms of any Loan that does not require a higher majority 
(other than an amendment permitted pursuant to Clause 17.3(a) or (c)) or an acceleration of the 
Notes for the Loan. 
14.7 
Quorum at a Noteholders' Meeting or in respect of a Written Procedure only exists if a 
Noteholder (or Noteholders) representing at least fifty (50.00) per cent. of the Adjusted Nominal 
Amount of the relevant Loan in case of a matter pursuant to Clause 14.5, and otherwise twenty 
(20) per cent. of the Adjusted Nominal Amount of the relevant Loan: 
(a) 
if at a Noteholders' Meeting, attend the meeting in person or by telephone conference 
(or appear through duly authorised representatives); or 
(b) 
if in respect of a Written Procedure, reply to the request. 
14.8 
If a quorum does not exist at a Noteholders' Meeting or in respect of a Written Procedure, the 
Agent or the Issuer shall convene a second Noteholders' Meeting (in accordance with 
Clause 15.1) or initiate a second Written Procedure (in accordance with Clause 16.1), as the 
case may be, provided that the relevant proposal has not been withdrawn by the person(s) who 
initiated the procedure for Noteholders' consent. The quorum requirement in Clause 14.7 shall 
not apply to such second Noteholders' Meeting or Written Procedure. 
14.9 
If a quorum exists for some but not all of the matters to be dealt with at a Noteholders' Meeting 
or by a Written Procedure, decisions may be taken in the matters for which a quorum exists. 
14.10 Any decision which extends or increases the obligations of the Issuer, the Agent or the relevant 
Issuing Dealer, or limits, reduces or extinguishes the rights or benefits of the Issuer, the Agent 
or the relevant Issuing Dealer, under the Loan Terms shall be subject to the Issuer's, the Agent's 
or the relevant Issuing Dealer's consent, as appropriate. 
14.11 A Noteholder holding more than one Note under a Loan need not use all its votes or cast all the 
votes to which it is entitled in the same way and may in its discretion use or cast some of its 
votes only. 
14.12 The Issuer may not, directly or indirectly, pay or cause to be paid any consideration to or for the 
benefit of any Noteholder under a Loan for or as inducement to any consent under the Loan 
Terms, unless such consideration is offered to all Noteholders that consent at the relevant 
Noteholders' Meeting or in a Written Procedure within the time period stipulated for the 
consideration to be payable or the time period for replies in the Written Procedure, as the case 
may be. 
14.13 A matter decided at a duly convened and held Noteholders' Meeting or by way of Written 
Procedure is binding on all Noteholders under a Loan, irrespective of them being present or 
represented at the Noteholders' Meeting or responding in the Written Procedure. The 
Noteholders that have not adopted or voted for a decision shall not be liable for any damages 
that this may cause other Noteholders. 
14.14 All costs and expenses incurred by the Issuer or the Agent for the purpose of convening a 
Noteholders' Meeting or for the purpose of carrying out a Written Procedure, including 
reasonable fees to the Agent, shall be paid by the Issuer.

--- Page 51 ---
51 (83) 
 
14.15 If a decision shall be taken by the Noteholders on a matter relating to the Loan Terms, the Issuer 
shall promptly at the request of the Agent provide the Agent with a certificate specifying the 
number of Notes owned by Group Companies or (to the knowledge of the Issuer) Affiliates, 
irrespective of whether such person is directly registered as owner of such Notes. The Agent 
shall not be responsible for the accuracy of such certificate or otherwise be responsible to 
determine whether a Note is owned by a Group Company or an Affiliate. 
14.16 Information about decisions taken at a Noteholders' Meeting or by way of a Written Procedure 
shall promptly be sent by notice to the Noteholders under the Loan and published on the website 
of the Issuer and the Agent, provided that a failure to do so shall not invalidate any decision 
made or voting result achieved. The minutes from the relevant Noteholders' Meeting or Written 
Procedure shall at the request of a Noteholder under the Loan be sent to it by the Issuer or the 
Agent, as applicable. 
15 
NOTEHOLDERS' MEETING 
15.1 
The Agent shall convene a Noteholders' Meeting by sending a notice thereof to each Noteholder 
of the Loan no later than five (5) Business Days after receipt of a request from the Issuer or the 
Noteholder(s) (or such later date as may be necessary for technical or administrative reasons). 
If the Noteholders' Meeting has been requested by the Noteholder(s), the Agent shall send a 
copy of the notice to the Issuer. 
15.2 
Should the Issuer want to replace the Agent, it may (i) convene a Noteholders' Meeting in 
accordance with Clause 15.1 or (ii) instigate a Written Procedure by sending communication in 
accordance with Clause 16.1. After a request from the Noteholders pursuant to Clause 19.4.3, 
the Issuer shall no later than five (5) Business Days after receipt of such request (or such later 
date as may be necessary for technical or administrative reasons) convene a Noteholders' 
Meeting in accordance with Clause 15.1. The Issuer shall inform the Agent before a notice for 
a Noteholders' Meeting or communication relating to a Written Procedure where the Agent is 
proposed to be replaced is sent and supply to the Agent a copy of the dispatched notice or 
communication. 
15.3 
The notice pursuant to Clause 15.1 shall include (i) time for the meeting, (ii) place for the 
meeting, (iii) a specification of the Business Day on which a person must be registered as a 
Noteholder (or other beneficial owner pursuant to Clause 4 (Right to act on behalf of a 
Noteholder)) in order to be entitled to exercise voting rights (such Business Day not to fall earlier 
than the effective date of the notice pursuant to Clause 15.1) (iv) agenda for the meeting 
(including each request for a decision by the Noteholders) and (v) a form of power of attorney. 
The reasons for, and contents of, each proposal as well as any applicable conditions and 
conditions precedent shall be specified in the notice. If a proposal concerns an amendment to 
any Loan Terms, such proposed amendment must always be set out in detail. Only matters that 
have been included in the notice may be resolved upon at the Noteholders' Meeting. Should 
prior notification by the Noteholders be required in order to attend the Noteholders' Meeting, 
such requirement shall be included in the notice. 
15.4 
The Noteholders' Meeting shall be held no earlier than ten (10) Business Days and no later than 
twenty (20) Business Days after the effective date of the notice.

--- Page 52 ---
52 (83) 
 
15.5 
If the Agent, in breach of these Terms and Conditions, has not convened a Noteholders’ Meeting 
within five (5) Business Days after having received such notice, the requesting person may 
convene the Noteholders’ Meeting itself. If the requesting person is a Noteholder, the Issuer 
shall upon request from such Noteholder provide the Noteholder with necessary information 
from the register kept by the CSD and, if no person to open the Noteholders’ Meeting has been 
appointed by the Agent, the meeting shall be opened by a person appointed by the requesting 
person. 
15.6 
Without amending or varying these Terms and Conditions, the Agent may, in consultation with 
the Administrative Agent for the relevant Loan, prescribe such further regulations regarding the 
convening and holding of a Noteholders' Meeting as the Agent may deem appropriate. Such 
regulations may include a possibility for Noteholders to vote without attending the meeting in 
person. 
16 
WRITTEN PROCEDURE 
16.1 
The Agent shall instigate a Written Procedure no later than five (5) Business Days after receipt 
of a request from the Issuer or the Noteholder(s) (or such later date as may be necessary for 
technical or administrative reasons) by sending a communication to each such person who is 
registered as a Noteholder for the Loan on the Record Date prior to the date on which the 
communication is sent. If the Written Procedure has been requested by the Noteholder(s), the 
Agent shall send a copy of the notice to the Issuer. 
16.2 
Should the Issuer want to replace the Agent, it may send a communication in accordance with 
Clause 16.1 to each Noteholder under the relevant Loan with a copy to the Agent. 
16.3 
A communication pursuant to Clause 16.1 shall include (i) each request for a decision by the 
Noteholders, (ii) a description of the reasons for each request, (iii) a specification of the Business 
Day on which a person must be registered as a Noteholder (or other authorised holder pursuant 
to Clause 4 (Right to act on behalf of a Noteholder)) in order to be entitled to exercise voting 
rights in respect of the Loan (such Business Day not to fall earlier than the effective date of the 
communication pursuant to Clause 16.1), (iv) instructions and directions on where to receive a 
form for replying to the request (such form to include an option to vote yes or no for each request) 
as well as a form of power of attorney, and (v) the stipulated time period within which the 
Noteholder must reply to the request (such time period to last at least ten (10) Business Days 
but not more than twenty (20) Business Days from the communication pursuant to Clause 16.1). 
The reasons for, and contents of, each proposal as well as any applicable conditions and 
conditions precedent shall be specified in the notice. If a proposal concerns an amendment to 
any Loan Terms, such proposed amendment must always be set out in detail. If the voting shall 
be made electronically, instructions for such voting shall be included in the communication. 
16.4 
If the Agent, in breach of these Terms and Conditions, has not instigated a Written Procedure 
within five (5) Business Days after having received such notice, the requesting person may 
instigate a Written Procedure itself. If the requesting person is a Noteholder of the Loan, the 
Issuer shall upon request from such Noteholder provide the Noteholder with necessary 
information from the register kept by the CSD. 
16.5 
When the requisite majority consents of the total Adjusted Nominal Amount of a Loan pursuant 
to Clauses 14.5 and 14.6 have been received in a Written Procedure, the relevant decision shall

--- Page 53 ---
53 (83) 
 
be deemed to be adopted pursuant to Clause 14.5 or 14.6, as the case may be, even if the time 
period for replies in the Written Procedure has not yet expired. 
17 
AMENDMENTS AND WAIVERS 
17.1 
The Issuer, the Agent and the Issuing Dealers may agree on adjustments to clear and obvious 
errors in these Terms and Conditions. 
17.2 
The Issuer, the Agent and the Issuing Dealer(s) for a Loan may agree on adjustments to clear 
and obvious errors in the Final Terms. 
17.3 
Changes to, or waivers of, Loan Terms in cases other than those set forth in sections 17.1 to 
17.2, may be made by the Issuer and the Agent (acting on behalf of the Noteholders) agreeing 
in writing to amend any Loan Terms or waive any provision in any Loan Terms, provided that 
the Agent is satisfied that such amendment or waiver: 
(a) 
is not detrimental to the interest of the Noteholders, or is made solely for the purpose of 
rectifying obvious errors and mistakes; 
(b) 
is made pursuant to Clause 18 (Replacement of Base Rate); 
(c) 
is required by applicable law, a court ruling or a decision by a relevant authority; or 
(d) 
has been duly approved by the Noteholders in accordance with Clause 14 (Decisions 
by Noteholders). 
17.4 
The Issuer and the Dealers under the Programme may from time to time agree to increase or 
decrease the Framework Amount. Information about such amendment shall promptly be 
published by the Issuer through a press release. 
17.5 
A new dealer may be engaged by agreement between the Issuer, the dealer in question and 
the Dealers. A Dealer may resign as a Dealer, but an Administrative Agent in respect of a 
specific Loan may not resign unless a new Administrative Agent is appointed in its place. 
17.6 
The Agent shall promptly notify the Noteholders and the Administrative Agent of any 
amendments or waivers made in accordance with Clause 17.1, setting out the date from which 
the amendment or waiver will be effective. The Issuer shall ensure that any amendments to the 
Loan Terms are published in the manner stipulated in Clause 9.4.1 and that any amendments 
to Loan Terms are duly registered with the CSD and each other relevant organisation or 
authority. 
17.7 
An amendment or waiver to Loan Terms shall take effect on the date determined by the 
Noteholders' Meeting, in the Written Procedure or by the Agent, as the case may be. 
18 
REPLACEMENT OF BASE RATE 
18.1 
General 
18.1.1 Any determination or election to be made by an Independent Adviser, the Issuer or the 
Noteholders in accordance with the provisions of this Clause 18 shall at all times be made by 
such Independent Adviser, the Issuer or the Noteholders (as applicable) acting in good faith, in 
a commercially reasonable manner and by reference to relevant market data.

--- Page 54 ---
54 (83) 
 
18.1.2 If a Base Rate Event has occurred, this Clause 18 shall take precedent over the fallbacks set 
out in paragraphs (b) to (d) of the definition of STIBOR and paragraphs (b) to (d) of the definition 
of EURIBOR. 
18.2 
Definitions 
In this Clause 18: 
"Adjustment Spread" means a spread (which may be positive, negative or zero) or a formula 
or methodology for calculating a spread, or a combination thereof to be applied to a Successor 
Base Rate and that is: 
(a) 
formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body in relation to the replacement 
of the Base Rate; or 
(b) 
if (a) is not applicable, the adjustment spread that the Independent Adviser determines 
is reasonable to use in order to eliminate, to the extent possible, any transfer of 
economic value from one party to another as a result of a replacement of the Base Rate 
and is customarily applied in comparable debt capital market transactions. 
"Base Rate Amendments" has the meaning set forth in Clause 18.3.4.  
"Base Rate Event" means one or several of the following circumstances: 
(a) 
the Base Rate (for the relevant Interest Period) has ceased to exist or ceased to be 
published for at least five (5) consecutive Business Days as a result of the Base Rate 
(for the relevant Interest Period) ceasing to be calculated or administered; 
(b) 
a public statement or publication of information by (i) the supervisor of the Base Rate 
Administrator or (ii) the Base Rate Administrator that the Base Rate Administrator 
ceases to provide the applicable Base Rate (for the relevant Interest Period of the 
relevant Loan) permanently or indefinitely and, at the time of the statement or 
publication, no successor administrator has been appointed or is expected to be 
appointed to continue to provide the Base Rate; 
(c) 
a public statement or publication of information in each case by the supervisor of the 
Base Rate Administrator that the Base Rate (for the relevant Interest Period of the 
relevant Loan) is no longer representative of the underlying market which the Base Rate 
is intended to represent and the representativeness of the Base Rate will not be restored 
in the opinion of the supervisor of the Base Rate Administrator; 
(d) 
a public statement or publication of information in each case by the supervisor of the 
Base Rate Administrator with the consequence that it is unlawful for the Issuer, the 
Agent or the Administrative Agent to calculate any payments due to be made to any 
Noteholder using the applicable Base Rate (for the relevant Interest Period of the 
relevant Loan) or it has otherwise become prohibited to use the applicable Base Rate 
(for the relevant Interest Period of the relevant Loan); 
(e) 
a public statement or publication of information in each case by the bankruptcy trustee 
of the Base Rate Administrator or by the trustee under the bank recovery and resolution 
framework (Sw. krishanteringsregelverket), or in respect of EURIBOR, from the 
equivalent entity with insolvency or resolution powers over the Base Rate Administrator, 
containing the information referred to in (b) above; or

--- Page 55 ---
55 (83) 
 
(f) 
a Base Rate Event Announcement has been made and the announced Base Rate Event 
as set out in (b) to (e) above will occur within six (6) months. 
"Base Rate Event Announcement" means a public statement or published information as set 
out in paragraph (b) to (e) of the definition of Base Rate Event that any event or circumstance 
specified therein will occur. 
"Independent Adviser" means an independent financial institution or adviser of repute in the 
debt capital markets where the Base Rate is commonly used. 
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, subject to applicable law, firstly any relevant supervisory 
authority, secondly any applicable central bank, or any working group or committee of any of 
them, or thirdly the Financial Stability Council (Sw. Finansiella stabilitetsrådet) or any part 
thereof. 
"Successor Base Rate" means: 
(a) 
a screen or benchmark rate, including the methodology for calculating term structure 
and calculation methods in respect of debt instruments with similar interest rate terms 
as the Notes, which is formally recommended as a successor to or replacement of the 
Base Rate by a Relevant Nominating Body; or 
(b) 
if there is no such rate as described in paragraph (a), such other rate as the Independent 
Adviser determines is most comparable to the Base Rate. 
For the avoidance of doubt, in the event that a Successor Base Rate ceases to exist, this 
definition shall apply mutatis mutandis to such new Successor Base Rate. 
18.3 
Determination of Base Rate, Adjustment Spread and Base Rate Amendments 
18.3.1 Without prejudice to Clause 18.3.2, upon a Base Rate Event Announcement, the Issuer may, if 
it is possible to determine a Successor Base Rate at such point of time, at any time before the 
occurrence of the relevant Base Rate Event at the Issuer's expense appoint an Independent 
Adviser to initiate the procedure to determine a Successor Base Rate, the Adjustment Spread 
and any Base Rate Amendments for purposes of determining, calculating and finally deciding 
the applicable Base Rate. For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer will not be obliged to take any 
such actions until obliged to do so pursuant to Clause 18.3.2. 
18.3.2 If a Base Rate Event has occurred, the Issuer shall use all commercially reasonable endeavours 
to, as soon as reasonably practicable and at the Issuer's expense, appoint an Independent 
Adviser to initiate the procedure to determine, as soon as commercially reasonable, a Successor 
Base Rate, the Adjustment Spread and any Base Rate Amendments for purposes of 
determining, calculating and finally deciding the applicable Base Rate. 
18.3.3 If the Issuer fails to appoint an Independent Adviser in accordance with Clause 18.3.2, the 
Noteholders shall, if so decided at a Noteholders' Meeting or by way of Written Procedure, be 
entitled to appoint an Independent Adviser (at the Issuer's expense) for the purposes set forth 
in Clause 18.3.1. If an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, or if the Issuer fails to 
carry out any other actions set forth in Clause 18.3 to 18.6, the Agent (acting on the instructions 
of the Noteholders) may to the extent necessary effectuate any Base Rate Amendments without 
the Issuer's cooperation.

--- Page 56 ---
56 (83) 
 
18.3.4 The Independent Adviser shall also initiate the procedure to determine any technical, 
administrative or operational changes required to ensure the proper operation of a Successor 
Base Rate or to reflect the adoption of such Successor Base Rate in a manner substantially 
consistent with market practice ("Base Rate Amendments"). 
18.3.5 Provided that a Successor Base Rate, the applicable Adjustment Spread and any Base Rate 
Amendments have been finally decided no later than prior to the relevant Interest Determination 
Date in relation to the next succeeding Interest Period, they shall become effective with effect 
from and including the commencement of the next succeeding Interest Period, always subject 
to any technical limitations of the CSD and any calculations methods applicable to such 
Successor Base Rate. 
18.4 
Interim measures 
18.4.1 If a Base Rate Event set out in any of the paragraphs (a) to (e) of the Base Rate Event definition 
has occurred but no Successor Base Rate and Adjustment Spread have been finally decided 
prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date in relation to the next succeeding Interest 
Period or if such Successor Base Rate and Adjustment Spread have been finally decided but 
due to technical limitations of the CSD, cannot be applied in relation to the relevant Interest 
Determination Date, the Interest Rate applicable to the next succeeding Interest Period shall 
be: 
(a) 
if the previous Base Rate is available, determined pursuant to the terms that would apply 
to the determination of the Base Rate as if no Base Rate Event had occurred; or 
(b) 
if the previous Base Rate is no longer available or cannot be used in accordance with 
applicable law or regulation, equal to the Interest Rate determined for the immediately 
preceding Interest Period. 
18.4.2 For the avoidance of doubt, Clause 18.4.1 shall apply only to the relevant next succeeding 
Interest Period and any subsequent Interest Periods are subject to the subsequent operation 
of, and to adjustments as provided in, this Clause 18. This will however not limit the application 
of Clause 18.4.1 for any subsequent Interest Periods, should all relevant actions provided in this 
Clause 18 have been taken, but without success. 
18.5 
Notices etc. 
Prior to the Successor Base Rate, the applicable Adjustment Spread and any Base Rate 
Amendments become effective the Issuer shall promptly, following the final decision by the 
Independent Adviser of any Successor Base Rate, Adjustment Spread and any Base Rate 
Amendments, give notice thereof to the Agent, the Administrative Agent and the Noteholders in 
accordance with Clause 22 (Notices and press releases) and the CSD. The notice shall also 
include information about the effective date of the amendments. If the Notes are admitted to 
trading on a stock exchange, the Issuer shall also give notice of the amendments to the relevant 
stock exchange. 
18.6 
Variation upon replacement of Base Rate 
18.6.1 No later than giving the Agent notice pursuant to Clause 18.5, the Issuer shall deliver to the 
Agent a certificate signed by the Independent Adviser and the CEO, CFO or any other duly 
authorised signatory of the Issuer (subject to Clause 18.3.3) confirming the relevant Successor 
Base Rate, the Adjustment Spread and any Base Rate Amendments, in each case as

--- Page 57 ---
57 (83) 
 
determined and decided in accordance with the provisions of this Clause 18. The Successor 
Base Rate, the Adjustment Spread and any Base Rate Amendments (as applicable) specified 
in such certificate will, in the absence of manifest error or bad faith in any decision, be binding 
on the Issuer, the Agent, the Administrative Agent and the Noteholders. 
18.6.2 Subject to receipt by the Agent of the certificate referred to in Clause 18.6.1, the Issuer and the 
Agent shall, at the request and expense of the Issuer, without the requirement for any consent 
or approval of the Noteholders, without undue delay effect such amendments to the Loan Terms 
as may be required by the Issuer in order to give effect to this Clause 18. 
18.6.3 The Agent and the Administrative Agent shall always be entitled to consult with external experts 
prior to amendments are effected pursuant to this Clause 18. Neither the Agent nor the 
Administrative Agent shall be obliged to concur if in the reasonable opinion of the Agent or the 
Administrative Agent (as applicable), doing so would impose more onerous obligations upon it 
or expose it to any additional duties, responsibilities or liabilities or reduce or amend the 
protective provisions afforded to the Agent or the Administrative Agent in the Loan Terms. 
18.7 
Limitation of liability for the Independent Adviser 
Any Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to Clause 18.3 shall not be liable whatsoever for 
damage or loss caused by any determination, action taken or omitted by it under or in connection 
with any Loan Terms, unless directly caused by its gross negligence or wilful misconduct. The 
Independent Adviser shall never be responsible for indirect or consequential loss. 
19 
APPOINTMENT AND REPLACEMENT OF THE AGENT 
19.1 
Appointment of Agent 
19.1.1 By subscribing for Notes, each initial Noteholder appoints the Agent to act as its agent in all 
matters relating to the Notes and the Loan Terms, and authorises the Agent to act on its behalf 
(without first having to obtain its consent, unless such consent is specifically required by these 
Terms and Conditions) in any legal or arbitration proceedings relating to the Notes held by such 
Noteholder, including the winding-up, dissolution, liquidation, company reorganisation 
(Sw. företagsrekonstruktion) or bankruptcy (Sw. konkurs) (or its equivalent in any other 
jurisdiction) of the Issuer. By acquiring Notes, each subsequent Noteholder confirms such 
appointment and authorisation for the Agent to act on its behalf. 
19.1.2 Each Noteholder shall immediately upon request provide the Agent with any such documents, 
including a written power of attorney (in form and substance satisfactory to the Agent), that the 
Agent deems necessary for the purpose of exercising its rights and/or carrying out its duties 
under the Loan Terms. The Agent is under no obligation to represent a Noteholder which does 
not comply with such request. 
19.1.3 The Issuer shall promptly upon request provide the Agent with any documents and other 
assistance (in form and substance satisfactory to the Agent), that the Agent deems necessary 
for the purpose of exercising its rights and/or carrying out its duties under the Loan Terms. 
19.1.4 The Agent is entitled to fees for its work and to be indemnified for costs, losses and liabilities on 
the terms set out in the Loan Terms and the Agency Agreement and the Agent's obligations as 
Agent under the Loan Terms are conditioned upon the due payment of such fees and 
indemnifications.

--- Page 58 ---
58 (83) 
 
19.1.5 The Agent may act as agent or trustee for several issues of securities issued by or relating to 
the Issuer and other Group Companies notwithstanding potential conflicts of interest. 
19.2 
Duties of the Agent 
19.2.1 The Agent shall represent the Noteholders in accordance with the Loan Terms. However, the 
Agent is not responsible for the execution, validity, perfection or enforceability of the Loan 
Terms. The Agent shall keep the latest version of these Terms and Conditions and the Final 
Terms available on the website of the Agent. 
19.2.2 Upon request by a Noteholder, the Agent may distribute to the Noteholders under the Loan any 
information from such Noteholder which relates to the Notes under a Loan (at the discretion of 
the Agent). The Agent may require that the requesting Noteholder reimburses any costs or 
expenses incurred, or to be incurred, by the Agent in doing so (including a reasonable fee for 
the work of the Agent) before any such information is distributed. The Agent may upon request 
by a Noteholder disclose the identity of any other Noteholder who has consented to the Agent 
in doing so. 
19.2.3 When acting in accordance with the Loan Terms, the Agent is always acting with binding effect 
on behalf of the Noteholders. The Agent shall carry out its duties under the Loan Terms in a 
reasonable, proficient and professional manner, with reasonable care and skill. 
19.2.4 The Agent's duties under the Loan Terms are solely mechanical and administrative in nature 
and the Agent only acts in accordance with the Loan Terms and upon instructions from the 
Noteholders, unless otherwise set out in the Loan Terms. In particular, the Agent is not acting 
as an advisor (whether legal, financial or otherwise) to the Noteholders of any outstanding Loan 
or any other person and no opinion or advice by the Agent will be binding on the Noteholders. 
19.2.5 The Agent is entitled to delegate its duties to other professional parties, but the Agent shall 
remain liable for the actions of such parties under the Loan Terms. 
19.2.6 The Agent shall treat all Noteholders under a Loan equally and, when acting pursuant to the 
Loan Terms, act with regard only to the interests of the Noteholders and shall not be required 
to have regard to the interests or to act upon or comply with any direction or request of any other 
person, other than as explicitly stated in the Loan Terms. 
19.2.7 The Agent shall, subject to Clause 9.1.7, be entitled to disclose to the Noteholders of a Loan 
any event or circumstance directly or indirectly relating to the Issuer or the Notes. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Agent may if it considers it to be beneficial to the interests of 
the Noteholders delay disclosure or refrain from disclosing certain information other than in 
respect of an Event of Default that has occurred and is continuing. 
19.2.8 The Agent is entitled to engage external experts when carrying out its duties under the Loan 
Terms. The Issuer shall on demand by the Agent pay all costs for external experts engaged 
after the occurrence of an Event of Default, or for the purpose of investigating or considering (i) 
an event which the Agent reasonably believes is or may lead to an Event of Default (ii) a matter 
relating to the Issuer which the Agent reasonably believes may be detrimental to the interests 
of the Noteholders under any Loan Terms (iii) when the Agent is to make a determination under 
any Loan Terms, (iv) in connection with any Noteholders' Meeting or Written Procedure or (v) 
as otherwise agreed between the Issuer and the Agent. Any compensation for damages or other 
recoveries received by the Agent from external experts engaged by it for the purpose of carrying

--- Page 59 ---
59 (83) 
 
out its duties under the relevant Loan Terms shall be distributed in accordance with Clause 13 
(Distribution of proceeds). 
19.2.9 The Agent shall enter into agreements with the CSD, and comply with such agreement and the 
CSD regulations applicable to the Agent, as may be necessary in order for the Agent to carry 
out its duties under any Loan Terms. 
19.2.10 Notwithstanding any other provision of any Loan Terms to the contrary, the Agent is not obliged 
to do or omit to do anything if it would or might in its reasonable opinion constitute a breach of 
any law or regulation. 
19.2.11 If in the Agent's reasonable opinion the cost, loss or liability which it may incur (including 
reasonable fees to the Agent) in complying with instructions of the Noteholders, or taking any 
action at its own initiative, will not be covered by the Issuer, the Agent may refrain from acting 
in accordance with such instructions, or taking such action, until it has received such funding or 
indemnities (or adequate Security has been provided therefore) as it may reasonably require. 
19.2.12 The Agent shall give a notice to the Noteholders (i) before it ceases to perform its obligations 
under any Loan Terms by reason of the non-payment by the Issuer of any fee or indemnity due 
to the Agent under such Loan Terms or the Agency Agreement or (ii) if it refrains from acting for 
any reason described in Clause 19.2.11. 
19.2.13 Unless it has actual knowledge to the contrary, the Agent may assume that all information 
provided by or on behalf of the Issuer (including by its advisors) is correct, true and complete in 
all aspects. The Agent is not liable for information provided to the Noteholders by or on behalf 
of the Issuer or by any other person. 
19.3 
Limited liability for the Agent 
19.3.1 The Agent will not be liable to the Noteholders for damage or loss caused by any action taken 
or omitted by it under or in connection with any Loan Terms, unless directly caused by its 
negligence or wilful misconduct. The Agent shall never be responsible for indirect loss. 
19.3.2 The Agent shall not be considered to have acted negligently if it has acted in accordance with 
advice from or opinions of reputable external experts engaged by the Agent or if the Agent has 
acted with reasonable care in a situation when the Agent considers that it is detrimental to the 
interests of the Noteholders to delay the action in order to first obtain instructions from the 
Noteholders. 
19.3.3 The Agent shall not be liable for any delay (or any related consequences) in crediting an account 
with an amount required pursuant to any Loan Terms to be paid by the Agent to the Noteholders, 
provided that the Agent has taken all necessary steps as soon as reasonably practicable to 
comply with the regulations or operating procedures of any recognised clearing or settlement 
system used by the Agent for that purpose. 
19.3.4 The Agent shall have no liability to the Noteholders for damage caused by the Agent acting in 
accordance with instructions of the Noteholders given in accordance with Clause 14 (Decisions 
by Noteholders) or a demand by Noteholders given pursuant to Clause 12.1. 
19.3.5 Any liability towards the Issuer which is incurred by the Agent in acting under, or in relation to, 
any Loan Terms shall not be subject to set-off against the obligations of the Issuer to the 
Noteholders under such Loan Terms.

--- Page 60 ---
60 (83) 
 
19.4 
Replacement of the Agent 
19.4.1 Subject to Clause 19.4.6, the Agent may resign for all Loans, but not part of all Loans, made 
under this Programme by giving notice to the Issuer and the Noteholders, in which case the 
Noteholders shall appoint a successor Agent at a Noteholders' Meeting convened by the retiring 
Agent or by way of Written Procedure initiated by the retiring Agent. 
19.4.2 Subject to Clause 19.4.6, if the Agent is Insolvent, the Agent shall be deemed to resign as Agent 
and the Issuer shall within ten (10) Business Days appoint a successor Agent which shall be an 
independent financial institution or other reputable company which regularly acts as agent under 
debt issuances. 
19.4.3 A Noteholder (or Noteholders) representing at least ten (10) per cent. of the Adjusted Nominal 
Amount of all outstanding Loans may, by notice to the Issuer (such notice may only be validly 
given by a person who is a Noteholder on the Business Day immediately following the day on 
which the notice is received by the Issuer and shall, if given by several Noteholders, be given 
by them jointly), require that a Noteholders' Meeting is held for the purpose of dismissing the 
Agent and appointing a new Agent. The Issuer may, at a Noteholders' Meeting convened by it 
or by way of Written Procedure initiated by it, propose to the Noteholders that the Agent be 
dismissed and a new Agent appointed. 
19.4.4 If the Noteholders have not appointed a successor Agent within ninety (90) days after (i) the 
earlier of the notice of resignation was given or the resignation otherwise took place or (ii) the 
Agent was dismissed through a decision by the Noteholders, the Issuer shall within thirty (30) 
days thereafter appoint a successor Agent which shall be an independent financial institution or 
other reputable company with the necessary resources to act as agent in respect of Market 
Loans. 
19.4.5 The retiring Agent shall, at its own cost, make available to the successor Agent such documents 
and records and provide such assistance as the successor Agent may reasonably request for 
the purposes of performing its functions as Agent under the Loan Terms of all outstanding 
Loans. 
19.4.6 The Agent's resignation or dismissal shall only take effect upon the appointment of a successor 
Agent and acceptance by such successor Agent of such appointment and the execution of all 
necessary documentation to effectively substitute the retiring Agent. 
19.4.7 Upon the appointment of a successor, the retiring Agent shall be discharged from any further 
obligation in respect of the Loan Terms of all outstanding Loans, but shall remain entitled to the 
benefit of the Loan Terms and remain liable under the Loan Terms in respect of any action 
which it took or failed to take whilst acting as Agent. Tts successor, the Issuer and each of the 
relevant Noteholders shall have the same rights and obligations amongst themselves under the 
respective Loan Terms as they would have had if such successor had been the original Agent. 
19.4.8 In the event that there is a change of the Agent in accordance with this Clause 19.4, the Issuer 
shall execute such documents and take such actions as the new Agent may reasonably require 
for the purpose of vesting in such new Agent the rights, powers and obligation of the Agent and 
releasing the retiring Agent from its further obligations under the Loan Terms of the outstanding 
Loans and the Agency Agreement. Unless the Issuer and the new Agent agrees otherwise, the 
new Agent shall be entitled to the same fees and the same indemnities as the retiring Agent.

--- Page 61 ---
61 (83) 
 
20 
NO DIRECT ACTIONS BY NOTEHOLDERS 
20.1 
A Noteholder may not take any steps whatsoever against the Issuer to enforce or recover any 
amount due or owing to it pursuant to the Loan Terms, or to initiate, support or procure the 
winding-up, dissolution, liquidation, company reorganisation (Sw. företagsrekonstruktion) or 
bankruptcy (Sw. konkurs) (or its equivalent in any other jurisdiction) of the Issuer in relation to 
any of the liabilities of the Issuer under the Loan Terms. Such steps may only be taken by the 
Agent. 
20.2 
Clause 20.1 shall not apply if the Agent has been instructed by the Noteholders for the relevant 
Loan in accordance with the Loan Terms to take certain actions but fails for any reason to take, 
or is unable to take (for any reason other than a failure by a Noteholder to provide documents 
in accordance with Clause 19.1.2), such actions within a reasonable period of time and such 
failure or inability is continuing. However, if the failure to take certain actions is caused by the 
non-payment by the Issuer of any fee or indemnity due to the Agent under the Loan Terms or 
the Agency Agreement or by any reason described in Clause 19.2.11 such failure must continue 
for at least forty (40) Business Days after notice pursuant to Clause 19.2.12 before a Noteholder 
may take any action referred to in Clause 20.1. 
20.3 
The provisions of Clause 20.1 shall not in any way limit an individual Noteholder's right to claim 
and enforce payments which are due to it under Clause 8.4 (Mandatory repurchase due to a 
Change of Control Event or a De-listing Event (put option)) or other payments which are due by 
the Issuer to some but not all Noteholders. 
21 
TIME-BAR 
21.1 
The right to receive repayment of the principal of Notes issued under the Programme shall be 
time-barred and become void ten (10) years from the relevant Maturity Date. The right to receive 
payment of interest (excluding any capitalised interest) shall be time-barred and become void 
three (3) years from the relevant due date for payment. The Issuer is entitled to any funds set 
aside for payments in respect of which the Noteholders' right to receive payment has been time-
barred and has become void. 
21.2 
If a limitation period is duly interrupted in accordance with the Swedish Act on Limitations 
(Sw. preskriptionslag (1981:130)), a new limitation period of ten (10) years with respect to the 
right to receive repayment of the principal of the Notes, and of three (3) years with respect to 
receive payment of interest (excluding capitalised interest) will commence, in both cases 
calculated from the date of interruption of the limitation period, as such date is determined 
pursuant to the provisions of the Swedish Act on Limitations. 
22 
NOTICES AND PRESS RELEASES 
22.1 
Notices 
22.1.1 Any notice or other communication to be made under or in connection with the Loan Terms: 
(a) 
if to the Agent, shall be given at the address registered with the Swedish Companies 
Registration Office (Sw. Bolagsverket) on the Business Day prior to dispatch or to such 
address notified by the Agent to the Issuer from time to time or, if sent by email by the 
Issuer, to such email address notified by the Agent to the Issuer from time to time;

--- Page 62 ---
62 (83) 
 
(b) 
if to the Administrative Agent, shall be given at the address registered with the Swedish 
Companies Registration Office on the Business Day prior to dispatch or to such address 
notified by the Administrative Agent from time to time or, if sent by email, to such email 
address notified by the Administrative Agent from time to time; 
(c) 
if to the Issuer, shall be given at the address registered with the Swedish Companies 
Registration Office on the Business Day prior to dispatch or to such address notified by 
the Issuer from time to time or, if sent by email, to such email address notified by the 
Issuer from time to time; and 
(d) 
if to the Noteholders, shall be given at their addresses as registered with the CSD (or in 
relation to courier or personal delivery, if such address is a box address, the addressee 
reasonably assumed to be associated with such box address) on a date selected by the 
sending person which falls no more than three (3) Business Days prior to dispatch, and 
by either courier delivery or letter for all Noteholders. A notice to the Noteholders shall 
also be published on the websites of the Issuer and the Agent. 
22.1.2 Any notice or other communication made by one person to another under or in connection with 
the Loan Terms shall be sent by way of courier, personal delivery or letter (and, if between the 
Agent and the Issuer, by email) and will only be effective, in case of courier or personal delivery, 
when it has been left at the address specified in Clause 22.1.1 or, in case of letter, three (3) 
Business Days after being deposited postage prepaid in an envelope addressed to the address 
specified in Clause 22.1.1 or, in case of email to the Agent or the Issuer, when received in legible 
form by the email address specified in Clause 22.1.1. 
22.1.3 Failure to send a notice or other communication to a Noteholder or any defect in it shall not 
affect its sufficiency with respect to other Noteholders. 
22.2 
Press releases 
22.2.1 Any notice that the Issuer or the Agent shall send to the Noteholders pursuant to Clauses  8.3 
(Voluntary total redemption (call option)), 8.4 (Mandatory repurchase due to a Change of Control 
Event or a De-listing Event (put option)), 9.3, 12.3, 13.4, 14.16, 15.1, 16.1, 17.6, 18.5, 19.2.12 
and 19.4.1 shall also be published on the websites of the Issuer and the Agent, and as from the 
date when the Notes have been listed by way of press release by the Issuer or the Agent, as 
applicable. 
22.2.2 In addition to Clause 22.2.1, if, any information relating to the Notes or the Group contained in 
a notice the Agent may send to the Noteholders under these Terms and Conditions has not 
already been made public by way of a press release, the Agent shall before it sends such 
information to the Noteholders give the Issuer the opportunity to issue a press release containing 
such information. If the Issuer does not promptly issue a press release and the Agent considers 
it necessary to issue a press release containing such information before it can lawfully send a 
notice containing such information to the Noteholders, the Agent shall be entitled to issue such 
press release. 
23 
FORCE MAJEURE AND LIMITATION OF LIABILITY 
23.1 
The Agent, the Administrative Agent and the Dealers shall not be held responsible for any 
damage arising out of any legal enactment, or any measure taken by a public authority, or war,

--- Page 63 ---
63 (83) 
 
strike, lockout, boycott, blockade or any other similar circumstance (a "Force Majeure Event"). 
The reservation in respect of strikes, lockouts, boycotts and blockades applies even if the Agent, 
the Administrative Agent or any Dealer itself takes such measures, or is subject to such 
measures. 
23.2 
Losses arising in other cases shall not be compensated by an Issuing Dealer if the relevant 
entity has exercised due care. In no case shall compensation be paid for indirect losses. 
23.3 
Should a Force Majeure Event arise which prevents the Agent or the Issuing Dealer of a Loan 
from taking any action required to comply with the relevant Loan Terms, such action may be 
postponed until the obstacle has been removed. 
23.4 
The provisions in this Clause 23 apply unless they are inconsistent with the provisions of the 
Central Securities Depositories and Financial Instruments Accounts Act, which respective 
provisions shall take precedence. 
24 
GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION 
24.1 
The Loan Terms, and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection therewith, 
shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of Sweden. 
24.2 
Any dispute or claim arising in relation to any Loan Terms shall, be determined by Swedish 
courts and the District Court of Stockholm shall be the court of first instance.

--- Page 64 ---
64 (83) 
 
We hereby certify that the above Terms and Conditions are binding upon ourselves. 
 
Date: 23 August 2024 
CATELLA AB (PUBL) 
As Issuer 
 
 
We hereby undertake to act in accordance with the above Terms and Conditions to the extent they refer 
to us. 
 
 
Date: 23 August 2024 
NORDIC TRUSTEE & AGENCY AB (PUBL) 
As Agent

--- Page 65 ---
65 (83) 
 
SCHEDULE 1 
FORM OF COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE 
 
COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE 
To: 
Nordic Trustee & Agency AB (publ) as Agent 
From: 
Catella AB (publ) as Issuer 
Date: 
[●] 
 
 
Dear Sirs, 
Catella AB (publ)'s Programme (the "Programme") 
1. 
We refer to the Terms and Conditions dated [●] (the "Terms and Conditions"). This is a 
Compliance Certificate. Terms defined in the Terms and Conditions have the same meaning 
when used in this Compliance Certificate unless given a different meaning in this Compliance 
Certificate. 
2. 
This Compliance Certificate is submitted in accordance with Clause [●] of the Terms and 
Conditions for all outstanding Loans under the Programme and is sent in connection with the 
publication of the Financial Statements of the Group, a copy of which has also been sent to the 
Agent, in accordance with Clause 9.1.1. 
3. 
[Maintenance Test 
We confirm that the Maintenance Test is met and that in respect of the Reference Date [date] 
the consolidated book-value of the Group's total shareholders' equity according to the latest 
Financial Statements amounted to SEK [●] and therefore was no less than SEK 1,000,000,000. 
Computations as to compliance with the Maintenance Test are attached hereto.] 
4. 
[Distribution Test 
This is a Distribution Test in respect of [describe relevant distribution or payment] in an amount 
of SEK [●] (the “Distribution”). We confirm that: 
(a) 
the Minimum Liquidity was SEK [●] (calculated on a pro forma basis including the 
Distribution and dividends on Preference Shares and payment of accrued or deferred 
interest under Hybrid Instruments, in each case resolved upon but not yet paid out), and 
this is not less than SEK 200,000,000; 
(b) 
no Event of Default is continuing or would result from the expiry of a grace period, the 
giving of a notice, the making of any determination (or any combination of the foregoing) 
or from the relevant distribution or payment (as applicable); and 
(c) 
the Maintenance Test is met on a pro forma basis if tested immediately after the making 
of the relevant Restricted Payment. 
Computations as to compliance with the Distribution Test are attached hereto.]

--- Page 66 ---
66 (83) 
 
5. 
We confirm that no Event of Default is continuing or would result from the expiry of a grace 
period, the giving of a notice, the making of any determination (or any combination of the 
foregoing). [If this statement cannot be made, the certificate should identify any Event of Default 
that is continuing and the steps, if any, being taken to remedy it.] 
 
 
Catella AB (publ) 
 
_______________________ 
______________________ 
Name: Name:

--- Page 67 ---
67 (83) 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
Catella AB (publ) 
Final Terms 
for Loan number [●] 
under Catella AB (publ)'s Swedish Programme (the "Programme") 
The following are the final terms and conditions ("Final Terms") of Loan no. [●] (the "Loan") that Catella 
AB (publ), reg. no. 556079-1419, (the "Issuer") issues in the capital market under the Programme. 
The Terms and Conditions dated [date] (the "Terms and Conditions") set out in the Issuer's base 
prospectus dated, approved and registered with the Swedish Financial Supervisory Authority on [date], 
prepared by the Issuer in accordance with Article 8 of the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 "Prospectus 
Regulation" ([as supplemented on [●]], the "Base Prospectus") and the Final Terms set forth below 
shall apply to the Loan. Unless otherwise stated, definitions used in these Final Terms shall have the 
meaning set forth in the Terms and Conditions or otherwise in the Issuer's Base Prospectus, including 
any published supplemental prospectus prepared for the Programme from time to time in accordance 
with the Prospectus Regulation. 
This document constitutes the Final Terms for the Loan and has been prepared in accordance with 
Article 8.4 of the Prospectus Regulation. Complete information regarding the Issuer and the Loan may 
only be obtained through a reading of the Final Terms together with the Base Prospectus. The [Issuer's 
Green Notes Framework, the] Base Prospectus and any supplemental prospectus are available on the 
Issuer's website [(www.catella.com)]. 
[These Final Terms replace the Final Terms dated [date], whereupon the Nominal Amount has been 
increased from [SEK]/[EUR] [amount in figures] to [SEK]/[EUR] [amount in figures].] 
GENERAL 
1. 
Loan number: 
[●] 
 
(i) 
Tranche number: 
[●] 
2. 
Total Nominal Amount: 
 
 
(i) 
For the Loan: 
[SEK]/[EUR] [●] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche 1: 
[SEK]/[EUR] [●] 
 
(iii) 
[Tranche 2:] 
[SEK]/[EUR] [●] 
3. 
Price per Note: 
[●] % of the Nominal Amount [plus accrued interest 
from and including [●]] 
4. 
Currency: 
[SEK]/[EUR] 
5. 
Nominal Amount: 
[SEK]/[EUR] [●] [(the stated amount may not be less 
than EUR 100,000 or an equivalent amount in SEK)] 
6. 
Issue Date: 
[●] 
7. 
Interest Commencement Date 
[Issue Date]/[●] 
8. 
Maturity Date: 
[●]

--- Page 68 ---
68 (83) 
 
GENERAL 
9. 
Voluntary redemption (call option): 
[●] [Further details specified under paragraph 15] 
[Not Applicable] 
10. Interest structure: 
[Fixed Interest]/[Floating Rate (FRN)] 
11. Basis for calculation of interest: 
[Nominal Amount]/[●] 
 
 
 
BASIS FOR CALCULATION OF RETURN 
12. Fixed Interest Rate: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
(if not applicable, delete the remaining subheadings 
under this heading) 
 
(i) 
Interest Rate: 
[●] % per annum 
 
(ii) 
Interest Period: 
[Period from (but excluding) [●] up to and including 
[●] (the first interest period) and thereafter each 
period of approximately [●] months with the final day 
on an Interest Payment Date] 
(Correct the above in the event of a short or long first 
coupon) 
 
(iii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[Annually [●]] [semi-annually [●] and [●]] [quarterly 
[●], [●], [●] and [●]], the first time on [●] and the last 
time on [●], however if such a day is not a Business 
Day, interest will not be paid until the following 
Business Day. 
 
(iv) 
Day Count Convention: 
[30/360]/[Actual/360] 
 
(v) 
Risk factors 
In accordance with the risk factor with the heading 
["Notes with fixed interest rate"]/[Specify] in the Base 
Prospectus 
13. Floating Rate (FRN): 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
(if not applicable, delete the remaining subheadings 
under this heading) 
 
(i) 
Base Rate: 
[●] months [[STIBOR]/[EURIBOR]] 
 
[The Base Rate for the first coupon will be a linear 
interpolation between [●] months [STIBOR]/ 
[EURIBOR] and [●] months [STIBOR]/[EURIBOR]] 
 
(ii) 
Margin: 
[+/-] [●] % per annum 
 
(iii) 
Interest Determination Date:  
Two Business Days prior to the first day of each 
Interest Period, commencing on [●] 
 
(iv) 
Interest Period: 
[Period from (but excluding) [●] up to and including 
[●] (the first interest period) and thereafter each 
period of approximately [●] months with the final day 
on an Interest Payment Date] 
 
(v) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●], [●], [●] and [●] of each year, the first time on [●] 
and the last time on [●]. However, if such a day is not

--- Page 69 ---
69 (83) 
 
GENERAL 
a Business Day, the Interest Payment Date shall 
instead be the next Business Day provided that such 
Business Day does not fall in the new calendar 
month, in which case the Interest Payment Date shall 
be the preceding Business Day. 
 
(vi) 
Day Count Convention: 
[30/360]/[Actual/360] 
 
(vii) 
Risk factors: 
In accordance with the risk factor with the heading 
["Notes with floating interest rate"]/[Specify] in the 
Base Prospectus 
REPAYMENT 
14. Amount with which Notes are to be 
repaid on the Maturity Date: 
[●] % of the Nominal Amount 
15. Voluntary total redemption (call 
option): 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(if not applicable, delete the remaining subheadings 
under this heading) 
[The Issuer may redeem all, and not some only, of 
the outstanding Notes in accordance with Clause 8.3 
in the Terms and Conditions:] 
[[(i)] at any time from and including [the first Business 
Day falling [●] ([●])[months/days] after the Issue 
Date]/[●] to, but excluding, [the Maturity Date]/[●] at 
an amount per Note equal to [●] per cent. of the 
Nominal Amount, together with accrued but unpaid 
interest;][and/or] 
[[(i)]/[(ii)] at any time from and including the first 
Business Day falling [●] ([●]) [months/days] prior to 
the Maturity Date to, but excluding, the Maturity Date, 
at an amount equal to 100 per cent. of the Nominal 
Amount together with accrued but unpaid interest [in 
connection with a refinancing of the Notes in full or in 
part with one or several new note issue(s) or other 
similar capital markets issues]] 
[Specify] 
MISCELLANEOUS 
16. [Green Notes:] 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
(if applicable, specify the date below) 
Green Notes Framework dated [●] is applicable in 
relation to this Loan

--- Page 70 ---
70 (83) 
 
GENERAL 
 
(i) 
Risk factors: 
In accordance with the risk factor with the heading 
["Risks related to Green Notes"]/[Specify] in the Base 
Prospectus 
17. Issuing Dealer(s): 
[Nordea Bank Abp]/[DNB Bank ASA, Swedish 
Branch)]/ [●] 
18. Administrative Agent: 
[Nordea Bank Abp]/[DNB Bank ASA, Swedish 
Branch)]/ [●] 
19. CSD: 
[Euroclear (Sweden) AB]/[●] 
20. Admission to trading: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
 
(if not applicable, delete the remaining subheadings 
under this section) 
 
(i) 
Regulated Market: 
An application for registration will be submitted to the 
[Corporate]/[Sustainable] Bond List of [Nasdaq 
Stockholm]/[state other Regulated Market] 
 
(if Green Notes under item 16 above have been 
specified as applicable, such Notes are to be listed 
on the Sustainable Bond List of Nasdaq Stockholm if 
possible) 
 
(ii) 
Estimate 
of 
all 
costs 
in 
conjunction with admission to 
trading: 
[●] 
 
(iii) 
Total number of Notes 
admitted to trading: 
[●] 
 
(iv) 
Earliest date for admission to 
trading: 
Tranche 1: [●] 
 
[Tranche 2:] [●] 
21. ISIN: 
[SE[●]] 
22. Common Code: 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
23. Credit rating for Loan: 
[Not applicable]/[Specify] 
24. Resolution as basis for the Issue: 
[Specify] 
25. Interests of natural or legal persons 
involved in the issue: 
[Other than the compensation paid to the Issuing 
Dealers based on their participation in the 
Programme and this issue, the Issuer is not aware of 
any persons involved with any interest of significance 
to the issue]/[Specify] 
 
[description of the interests of significance to the 
issue for any natural or legal persons involved in the 
issue, including conflicts of interest]

--- Page 71 ---
71 (83) 
 
GENERAL 
26. Information from third parties: 
[Any information in these Final Terms which has 
been sourced 
form a third party has been accurately reproduced 
and, as for as the Issuer is aware and is able to 
ascertain from information published by that third 
party, no facts have been omitted which would render 
the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading] 
/ [Not Applicable] 
27. Use of proceeds: 
[General corporate purposes]/[In accordance with the 
Green Notes Framework dated [date]]/[Specify] 
28. Net Proceeds: 
[●] [less customary transaction costs and 
fees]/[Specify] 
 
The Issuer confirms that it has disclosed all material events after the date of this Programme regarding 
the Base Prospectus that could affect the market's perception of the Issuer. 
The Issuer further confirms that the above Final Terms are applicable to the Loan, together with the 
Terms and Conditions, and undertakes accordingly to pay principal and, where applicable, interest. 
[Place] [date for signing of Final Terms] 
CATELLA AB (PUBL)

--- Page 72 ---
72 (83) 
 
BUSINESS DESCRIPTION 
Catella is a specialist in property investments and fund management with operations in twelve countries, 
offering professional investment advice, property funds and mandates, and makes investments in real 
estate development projects, asset management mandates and provides seed capital investments in 
funds. In 2023, Catella’s five largest geographical markets measured by total income in 2023 were 
Germany, France, Sweden, Spain and the United Kingdom. Catella was founded in 1987 and the 
Group’s headquarters is located in Stockholm, Sweden. As of 30 June 2024, the Group had a total of 
495 full-time employees.  
Catella aims to be a natural and sustainable link between the property market and the financial markets. 
The business model is based on the capacity of the organisation to translate expertise into relevant 
advisory services that creates value and economic growth by investing Catella’s and other investors’ 
capital in real property products. Catella’s operations are divided into three business areas; Corporate 
Finance, Investment Management and Principal Investments.  
Corporate Finance 
In its business area Corporate Finance, Catella provides corporate finance advisory services in the 
European property sector, and offers real estate companies, financial institutions, property funds and 
other property owners strategic advisory services, capital market-related services and transaction 
advisory services. In 2023, Corporate Finance accounted for 19 per cent of the Group’s total income. 
Investment Management 
In its business area Investment Management, Catella provides institutional and other professional and 
retail investors attractive, risk-adjusted return through regulated property funds, asset management and 
project management in early-phase development projects. The operations in Investment Management 
comprise two service areas: Property Funds offering funds with various investment strategies in terms 
of risk and return, types of assets and geographical market, and Property Asset Management offering 
new alternative investment opportunities and management in the property segment with services 
throughout the value chain. In 2023, Investment Management accounted for 49 per cent of the Group’s 
total income. As of 30 June 2024, assets under management amounted to SEK 153 billion. 
Principal Investments 
In its business area Principal Investments, Catella invests its own capital through diversification and 
growth across geographies and assets. Principal investments also generate strategic advantages and 
promote development in other business areas. In 2023, Principal Investments accounted for 32 per cent 
of the Group’s total income. As of 30 June 2024, Catella’s proprietary investments in this business area 
amounted to SEK 1,484 million.

--- Page 73 ---
73 (83) 
 
THE ISSUER 
General corporate information 
The Issuer’s legal and commercial name is Catella AB (publ), and its corporate registration number is 
556079-1419 and its legal entity identifier (LEI code) is 213800WNI4X4LCFHV831. The registered office 
of the board of directors is located in Stockholm, Sweden. The registered postal address of the Issuer 
is P.O. Box 5894, SE-102 40 Stockholm, Sweden. The Issuer’s phone number is +46 (0)8 463 33 00. 
The Issuer’s website is www.catella.com (the information on the Issuer’s website does not form part of 
this Base Prospectus unless such information is incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus). 
The Issuer was established on 19 June 1961 and registered with the Swedish Companies Registration 
Office (Sw. Bolagsverket) on 13 July 1961. The Issuer is a public limited liability company (Sw. publikt 
aktiebolag) regulated by the Swedish Companies Act (Sw. aktiebolagslagen (2005:551)). 
Under its articles of association, the object of the Issuer’s business is to own and manage shares and 
participations in companies engaged in business administration, real property or financial consultancy, 
securities operations, or fund operations, directly or indirectly acquire, manage, develop and sell real 
property, and to engage in activities compatible with the foregoing. The company shall further manage 
securities, handle group-wide tasks and carry out the above-mentioned compatible activities. 
Share information and ownership structure 
Under its current articles of association, the Issuer's share capital shall be not less than SEK 80,000,000 
and not more than SEK 320,000,000, divided into not fewer than 40,000,000 shares and not more than 
160,000,000 shares. The Issuer has two classes of shares; Class A and Class B shares and there are 
2,340,654 Class A shares and 86,007,918 Class B shares issued. The below table shows the Issuer's 
major shareholders as of 31 July 2024 and known changes thereafter until the date of this Base 
Prospectus.  
Owner 
Number of 
shares of 
Class A 
Number of 
shares 
of Class B 
Shares, % Votes, % 
Claesson & Anderzén 
1,100,910
42,563,839
49.4% 
49.2%
Alcur Fonder 
6,138,941
7.0% 
 
6.3%
Symmetry Invest A/S 
4,100,000
4.6% 
4.2%
Avanza Pension 
3,213
2,285,356
2.6% 
2.4%
Nordea Funds 
1,823,681
2.1% 
1.9%
Nordnet Pensionsförsäkring 
16,362
1,614,423
1.9% 
1.7%
Rutger Arnhult 
1,142,635
1.3% 
1.2%
Familjen Hedberg 
1,000,000
1.1% 
1.0%
Swedbank Försäkring 
981,946
1.1% 
1.0%

--- Page 74 ---
74 (83) 
 
MP Pension PK 
916,619
1.0% 
0.9%
The ten largest shareholders 
120,485
61,650,821
72.1% 
69.8%
Other shareholders 
1,220,169
24,365,797
27.9% 
30.2%
Total 
2,340,654
86,007,918
100% 
100%
Source: Monitor by Modular Finance AB 
As far as the Issuer is aware, it is not directly or indirectly owned or controlled by any shareholder other 
than those set out in the table above. Further, to the Issuer's knowledge, there are no shareholders' 
agreement or other agreements between shareholders of the Issuer intended to exercise joint control of 
the Issuer. Nor is the Issuer aware of any agreements which may result in a change to the control of the 
Issuer. 
Legal group structure 
The Issuer is part of a corporate group in which Catella AB (publ) is the ultimate parent. The table below 
shows the legal structure of the Group and the holding companies (as per the date of this Base 
Prospectus). 
 
Subsidiary 
Country 
Shares 
and 
voting 
rights, % 
Catella Holding AB 
Sweden 
100 
Catella IPM AB 
Sweden 
100 
Catella Capital AB 
Sweden 
100 
Catella Fastighetsanalys AB 
Sweden 
65 
Catella Property Fund Investment AB 
Sweden 
91 
Catella Property Fund Management AB 
Sweden 
100 
Catella Property Asset Management AB 
Sweden 
100 
Catella Corporate Finance AB 
Sweden 
100 
CCF Holding AB 
Sweden 
60 
Catella Corporate Finance Stockholm AB 
Sweden 
60 
Aveca AB 
Sweden 
100 
CCF Holding Gbg Ab 
Sweden 
60 
Catella Corporate Finance Göteborg AB 
Sweden 
60 
CCF Malmö Intressenter AB 
Sweden 
60 
Catella Corporate Finance Malmö AB 
Sweden 
60

--- Page 75 ---
75 (83) 
 
Subsidiary 
Country 
Shares 
and 
voting 
rights, % 
Infrahubs Holding AB 
Sweden 
50 
Catella Luxembourg Sarl 
Luxembourg 
100 
Catella Residential 01 GP Sarl 
Luxembourg 
100 
Catella Residential 02 GP Sarl 
Luxembourg 
100 
Catella Real Estate AG 
Germany 
95 
Catella Asset Management GmbH 
Germany 
100 
Catella Investment Management GmbH 
Germany 
100 
Catella Investment Management Holding GmbH 
Germany 
100 
Catella Property Valuation GmbH 
Germany 
100% 
capital, 
69.75% 
votes 
Catella Project Management GmbH 
Germany 
100% 
capital, 
69.75% 
votes 
CPC NP2 GmbH 
Germany  
100% 
capital, 
69.75% 
votes 
Catella APAM Ltd 
UK 
87.5 
APAM UK Property Services Ltd 
UK 
87.5 
Catella APAM Capital Partners Ltd 
UK 
87.5 
Salisbury Asset Co Limited 
UK 
85.9 
Salisbury Asset Propco Limited 
UK 
85.9 
Catella APAM Ireland Limited 
UK/Ireland 
43.8 
Mander Lender Co Limited 
UK 
90 
Catella Capital Limited 
UK 
100 
Catella Property Oy 
Finland 
100 
Catella Asset Management Oy 
Finland 
100

--- Page 76 ---
76 (83) 
 
Subsidiary 
Country 
Shares 
and 
voting 
rights, % 
Catella Investment Management Benelux B.V. 
The 
Netherlands 
100% of 
voting 
rights, 
95% 
of 
capital 
Kaktus 1 TopCo Aps 
Denmark 
93 
Catella Property Denmark A/S 
Denmark 
54 
Catella Investment Management A/S 
Denmark 
54 
Aquila Asset Management SAS 
France 
60 
Axipit Real Estate Partners SAS 
France 
60 
Cholet Logistique SAS 
France 
100 
Moussey Logistique SAS 
France 
100 
Moussey Logistique II SAS 
France 
65 
Roye Logistique SAS 
France 
100 
MER Logistique SAS 
France 
100 
Metz Eurolog SAS 
France 
100 
Polaxis SAS 
France 
100 
Catella France SAS 
France 
100 
Catella Valuation Advisors SAS 
France 
66.1 
Catella Property Consultants SAS 
France 
100 
Catella Residential Partners SAS 
France 
100 
Catella Logistic Europe SAS 
France 
100 
Catella Property Spain S.A. 
Spain 
90 
Catella Asset Management Iberia S.L. 
Spain 
90 
SFB Parque Logistico 
Spain 
100 
Catella Poland WPP sp. z.o.o 
Poland 
65 
Calambria sp. z.o.o. 
Poland 
65

--- Page 77 ---
77 (83) 
 
Dependency on subsidiaries 
A substantial part of the Group's assets and revenues relate to the Issuer's direct and indirect 
subsidiaries. Accordingly, the Issuer is therefore dependent upon receipt of income dividend related to 
the operation of and ownership in its direct and indirect subsidiaries.

--- Page 78 ---
78 (83) 
 
Board of directors 
The board of directors of the Issuer consists of six members elected by the annual general meeting, 
with no deputies.  
Sofia Watt 
Born 1975. Chairman of the board since 2024 and board member since 2023. 
Principal education: Executive MBA, Uppsala University, M.Sc., Royal Institute of Technology (KTH), 
B.Sc. Real Estate Surveying at Mid Sweden University. 
Other ongoing principal assignments: Board member of Fabege AB. 
’ 
Tobias Alsborger 
Born 1976. Board member since 2020. 
Principal education: M.Sc. in Property and Finance, Royal Institute of Technology (KTH). 
Other ongoing principal assignments: Chairman of the board of Suburban Industrial Properties AB 
and board member of Ferla Energy, Pulsen Fastigheter AB, Enstar AB, Gale Holding AB and Terrace 
Road Holding AB. 
 
Pernilla Claesson 
Born 1981. Board member since 2024. 
Principal education: Administration and political science, University of Gothenburg and sociology, 
Stockholm University. 
Other ongoing principal assignments: Board member of Claesson & Anderzén Aktiebolag, 
Fastighetsaktiebolaget Bremia and Apodemus Aktiebolag, as well as Managing Director of Classic 
Living CL AB and Investment Manager for CA Fastigheter AB's operations in Spain. 
 
Johan Damne 
Born 1963. Board member since 2014. 
Principal education: BA, Växjö University. 
Other ongoing principal assignments: Chairman of the board of CA Fastigheter AB. CEO of Claesson 
& Anderzén Aktiebolag, as well as board assignments and CEO assignments in other companies in the 
Claesson & Anderzén Group. Board member of Arise AB (publ). 
 
Anneli Jansson 
Born 1974. Board member since 2021. 
Principal education: M.Sc., Royal Institute of Technology (KTH). 
Other ongoing principal assignments: CEO of Humlegården Fastigheter AB, board member of 
Platzer Fastigheter AB, Wihlborgs Fastigheter AB, Centrum för AMP as well as elected member of the 
SNS Board of Trustees. 
 
Samir Kamal 
Born 1965. Board member since 2023. 
Principal education: Master's degree, Stockholm School of Economics and a bachelor's degree in 
Electrical and Electronics Engineering, Imperial College London. 
Other ongoing principal assignments: Senior Advisor at Trill Impact. Board assignments in portfolio 
companies of Trill Impact. Board member of Lyra Financial Wealth.

--- Page 79 ---
79 (83) 
 
Group management  
The group management of the Issuer consists of four executives. The table below sets forth the name 
and current position of each member of the group management. 
 
Christoffer Abramson 
Born 1970. Member of group management since 2020; President and CEO since 2021. 
Principal education: M.Sc. in Economics, Stockholm School of Economics. 
 
Johanna Bjärnemyr 
Born 1983. Member of group management since 2021. 
Principal education: LL.M., Stockholm University.  
 
Michel Fischier 
Born 1978. Member of group management since 2021; CFO since 2023.  
Principal education: B.Sc. in Economics, Stockholm University. 
 
 
Mathias de Maré 
Born 1973. Member of group management since 2021.  
Principal education: Bachelor of Business Administration, Stockholm University and Bachelor in 
Human Resources, Halmstad University. 
 
Other information regarding the board of directors and group management  
Business address 
The address for all board members and members of group management is Birger Jarlsgatan 6, 
SE-102 40 Stockholm, Sweden.  
Conflicts of interest 
Catella’s largest shareholder Claesson & Anderzén has ownership interests in the Issuer’s affiliated 
company Catella Project Capital GmbH, through Movesex Fastigheter AB. Johan Damne and Pernilla 
Claesson have financial interests and/or assignments within the Claesson & Anderzén group, which 
could potentially impose a conflict of interest in relation to their roles as board members of Catella. 
Further, Pernilla Claesson has ownership interests in the Issuer’s subsidiary Catella Real Estate AG 
through Fastighetsaktiebolaget Bremia, in which she also serves as member of the board of directors. 
This could potentially impose a conflict of interest in relation to their roles as board members of Catella. 
Otherwise, no members of the board of directors or the group management has any personal interest 
that could conflict with the interests of the Issuer. Certain members of the board of directors and the 
group management have a financial interest in the Group because of being direct or indirect 
shareholders and/or warrant holders in the Issuer. 
Auditors 
KPMG AB (Vasagatan 16, SE-101 27 Stockholm, Sweden) is the Issuer's auditor since the Annual 
General Meeting held in 2023, for the period until the end of the Annual General Meeting 2025. Johanna 
Hagström Jerkeryd, born 1984, is the auditor in charge. Johanna Hagström Jerkeryd is an Authorised 
Public Accountant and member of FAR, the professional institute for accountants in Sweden.

--- Page 80 ---
80 (83) 
 
LEGAL AND SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION 
Approval by the Swedish Financial Supervisory Authority 
The Base Prospectus has been approved by the Swedish Financial Supervisory Authority (the "SFSA") 
pursuant to Article 20 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 
14 June 2017 on the prospectus to be published when securities are offered to the public or admitted to 
trading on a regulated market, and repealing Directive 2003/71/EC. The SFSA only approves this Base 
Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by 
the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. The SFSA's approval should not be considered as an endorsement of 
the Issuer that is the subject of this Base Prospectus, nor should it be considered as an endorsement 
of the quality of the securities that are the subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors should make their 
own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the securities. 
Authorisations and responsibility 
The Issuer has obtained all necessary resolutions, authorisations and approvals required in conjunction 
with the establishment of the Programme. The decision to establish the Programme was authorised by 
a resolution of the board of directors of the Issuer on 20 August 2024. 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and declares 
that, to the best of its knowledge, the information contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance 
with the facts and the Base Prospectus makes no omission likely to affect its import. The board of 
directors of the Issuer is, to the extent provided by law, responsible for the information contained in this 
Base Prospectus and declares that, to the best of its knowledge, the information contained in this Base 
Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and the Base Prospectus makes no omission likely to affect 
its import. 
Material agreements 
The Issuer has not concluded any material agreement outside of its ordinary course of business which 
may materially affect the Issuer's ability to fulfil its obligations under issued Notes. From time to time, 
the Group enters into project financing agreements, which may include guarantee agreements where 
the Issuer acts as guarantor in relation the Group’s subsidiaries. The Group continuously evaluates its 
available financing options and enters into financing arrangements with a view to achieve as favourable 
financing terms as possible, supporting its operations.  
Current disputes 
The Group has not been party to any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such 
proceedings which are pending or threatened which the Issuer is aware of) during the previous twelve 
(12) months from the date of this Base Prospectus which may have, or have had in the recent past, 
significant effects on the Issuer's and/or the Group’s financial position or profitability. 
Certain material interests 
The Dealers (and closely related companies) have provided, and may in the future provide, certain 
investment banking and/or commercial banking and other services to the Issuer and the Group for which 
they have received, or will receive, remuneration. Accordingly, conflicts of interest may exist or may 
arise as a result of the Dealers having previously engaged, or in the future engaging, in transactions 
with other parties, having multiple roles or carrying out other transactions for third parties.

--- Page 81 ---
81 (83) 
 
Trend information 
There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer since 31 December 2023, 
being the date of publication of the latest audited financial information of the Group. 
There has been no significant change in the financial performance of the Group since 30 June 2024, 
being the end of the last financial period for which financial information has been published to the date 
of the Base Prospectus. 
Significant changes since 31 December 2023 
There has been no significant change in the financial position of the Group since 31 December 2023, 
being the end of the last financial period for which audited financial information has been published to 
the date of the Base Prospectus. 
Incorporation by reference 
The following information has been incorporated into this Base Prospectus by reference and should be 
read as part of this Base Prospectus: 
The Issuer's annual report for 2022 
as regards the audited consolidated financial information and the 
audit report page 71 for income statement, page 73 for balance 
sheet, page 74 for cash flow statement, page 75 for changes in 
equity capital, pages 76-123 for notes and pages 133-138 for the 
audit report. 
The Issuer's annual report for 2023 
as regards the audited consolidated financial information and the 
audit report page 60 for income statement, page 62 for balance 
sheet, page 63 for cash flow statement, page 64 for changes in 
equity capital, pages 66-113 for notes and pages 119-124 for the 
audit report. 
The Issuer's interim report for the 
period 1 January-30 June 2024 
as regards the consolidated financial information on page 14 for 
income statement, page 15 for balance sheet, page 16 for cash 
flow statement, page 17 for changes in equity capital and pages 
18-23 for notes. 
 
Information in the above documents which is not incorporated by reference is either deemed by the 
Issuer not to be relevant for investors in Notes or is covered elsewhere in the Base Prospectus. 
This Base Prospectus contains the Issuer's historical financial statements for the financial years ended 
31 December 2022, and 2023, respectively, which have been prepared in accordance with the 
International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) as adopted by the European Union and in 
accordance with the Swedish Annual Accounts Act. The Issuer's annual reports for 2022 and 2023 have 
been audited by the Issuer's auditor. The annual report for 2022 was audited by the Issuer’s previous 
auditor PricewaterhouseCoopers AB, and the annual report for 2023 was audited by the Issuer’s current 
auditor KPMG AB. The Issuer's interim report for the period 1 January-30 June 2024 has been prepared 
in accordance with IAS 34 – Interim Financial Reporting and has not been reviewed by the Issuer's 
auditor. Unless otherwise stated, no information in this Base Prospectus has been audited or reviewed 
by the Issuer's auditor.

--- Page 82 ---
82 (83) 
 
Documents available 
The Issuer's Certificate of Registration and Articles of Association are electronically available at the 
Issuers website, www.catella.com (the information on the website is not part of this Base Prospectus 
and has not been scrutinised or approved by the Swedish FSA).

--- Page 83 ---
83 (83) 
 
ADDRESSES  
The Issuer 
Catella AB (publ) 
Postal address 
P.O. Box 5894, SE-102 40 Stockholm, Sweden 
Visiting address 
Birger Jarlsgatan 6, Stockholm 
www.catella.com 
Tel. +46 (0)8-463 33 00 
 
Dealers 
Nordea Bank Abp 
Debt Capital Markets 
Smålandsgatan 17, SE-105 71 Stockholm, 
Sweden 
www.nordea.com 
 
DNB Bank ASA, Swedish Branch 
Regeringsgatan 59, SE-105 88 Stockholm, 
Sweden 
www.dnb.se 
 
Agent 
Nordic Trustee & Agency AB (publ) 
P.O. Box 7329, SE-103 90 Stockholm, Sweden 
+46(0)8-783 79 00 
www.nordictrustee.com 
Auditor to the Issuer 
KPMG AB 
Postal address 
P.O. Box 382, SE-101 27 Stockholm, Sweden 
Visiting address 
Vasagatan 16, Stockholm 
www.kpmg.com 
 
Legal Adviser to the Issuer 
Advokatfirman Cederquist KB 
Postal address 
P.O. Box 1670, SE-111 96 Stockholm, Sweden 
Visiting address 
Hovslagargatan 3, Stockholm 
www.cederquist.se 
 
CSD 
Euroclear Sweden AB 
Postal address 
P.O. Box 191, SE-101 23, Stockholm, Sweden 
Visiting address 
Klarabergsviadukten 63, SE-111 64 Stockholm 
www.euroclear.com/sweden