--- Page 1 ---
1 
KBC BANK NV 
(Incorporated with limited liability in Belgium) 
CBC BANQUE SA 
(Incorporated with limited liability in Belgium) 
Issuers 
WARRANTS AND HEDGING OPTIONS PROGRAMME 
Under this Warrants and Hedging Options Programme (the “Programme”), KBC Bank NV ( “KBC Bank”) 
and CBC Banque SA (“CBC Banque”), together the “Issuers” and each, individually, an “Issuer”,  may from time 
to time issue (a) call warrants (koopwarranten/warrants d’achat) relating to an Underlying Share or an 
Underlying ETF Share (each as defined hereinafter) (in the case of warrants issued by KBC Bank, “KBC Bank 
Warrants”, in the case of warrants used by CBC Banque, “CBC Banque Warrants”, together “Warrants” and 
individually “Warrant”) denominated in euro (“euro”, “EUR” or “€”) or in any currency agreed between the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) (as defined below) or subscriber and (b) hedging options (indekkingsopties/ 
options de couverture) relating to an Underlying Index (as defined below) (in the case of hedging options issued by 
KBC Bank, “KBC Bank Hedging Options”, in the case of hedging options issued by CBC Banque, “CBC Banque 
Hedging Options”, together “Hedging Options” and individually “Hedging Option”).  
This document is a base prospectus (the “Base Prospectus”) for purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the 
“Prospectus Regulation”). Certain information is not set out in this document but is incorporated by reference 
and forms part of this Base Prospectus as set out in Section “DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY 
REFERENCE” on page 162. The Issuer may also publish additional information from time to time in a 
supplement to this Base Prospectus in the event of certain significant new factors, material mistakes or material 
inaccuracies (as set out in Section “SUPPLEMENTS TO THIS BASE PROSPECTUS” on page 164). 
Prospective investors should read this document together with all information incorporated by reference herein, 
any supplements to this Base Prospectus published by the Issuer, and the applicable Final Terms. See Section 
“WHERE MORE INFORMATION CAN BE FOUND” on page 165. 
This Base prospectus has been prepared for the purposes of providing disclosure information with regards 
to both the Warrants and the Hedging Options. 
Warrants and Hedging Options involve a high degree of risk and potential investors should be prepared 
to sustain a loss of all or part of their investment.  
The Warrants and Hedging Options are derivative securities in the meaning of the Commission Delegated 
Regulation (EU) No 2019/980 supplementing the Prospectus Regulation. Derivative securities are financial 
instruments for which the Warrant Holders and Hedging Option Holders could lose all or substantial portion of 
the principal invested.  
Danny Swinnen

--- Page 2 ---
2 
 
For a discussion of the risks see the Section “RISK FACTORS”on page 22 below. Investors should review 
and consider these risk factors carefully before purchasing any Warrants or Hedging Options. 
 
The Final Terms in respect of any Warrants or Hedging Options will include a legend entitled “MiFID II Product 
Governance” which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Warrants or Hedging Options (as 
applicable) and which channels for distribution of the Warrants or Hedging Options (as applicable) are 
appropriate.   
 
The Warrants may be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any investor in the European Economic 
Area (“EEA”) subject to the selling restrictions (Section XI). 
 
The Hedging Options may be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any investor meeting the 
Eligibility Criteria (as defined below) in the EEA subject to the selling restrictions (Section XI). The 
Hedging Options are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available, and should not be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available, in Belgium to “consumers” (consommateurs/consumenten) 
within the meaning of the Belgian Code of Economic Law. 
 
A key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014, as amended (the “PRIIPs 
Regulation”) for offering or selling the Warrants and Hedging Options or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the EEA will be prepared. 
 
The Warrants and Hedging Options under the Programme may be issued on a continuing basis, by way of one or 
more separate issuances, to the Dealer specified below and to any additional dealer appointed under the 
Programme from time to time, which appointment may be for a specific issue or on an ongoing basis (each 
individually a “Dealer” and together the “Dealers”) or to a subscriber. 
 
The English version of this Base Prospectus has been approved by the Financial Services and Markets Authority 
(Autoriteit voor Financiële Diensten en Markten/Autorité des Services et Marchés Financiers) (the “FSMA”) 
on 21 December 2021 in its capacity as competent authority under the Prospectus Regulation to approve this 
document as a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation. The FSMA only 
approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency 
imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer 
or of the quality of the Warrants or Hedging Options. Investors should make their own assessment as to the 
suitability of investing in the Warrants or Hedging Options. 
 
Application has been made to Euronext Brussels (“Euronext Brussels”) for the Warrants issued under the 
Programme during the period of 12 months from the date of approval of the Base Prospectus to be listed on 
Euronext Brussels and to be admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Brussels. Euronext 
Brussels’ regulated market is a regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU of the European 
Parliament and of the Council on markets in financial instruments (as amended) (“MiFID II”). As specified in 
the Final Terms, the Issuers may also issue Warrants which are not listed or admitted to trading on a regulated 
market or request the listing or admission to trading of the Warrants on any other stock exchange or market. The 
applicable Final Terms will state whether or not the relevant Warrants are to be listed and/or admitted to trading 
and, if so, on which stock exchanges and/or markets.  
 
The Hedging Options will not be listed/admitted to trading. 
 
A Warrant constitutes a contractual claim (schuldvordering/créance) against the Issuer which is initially 
represented and evidenced by a registration in a register held by the Issuer (or by the Warrant Agent on its 
behalf) (the “Warrants Register”) in the name of the relevant Warrant Holder (a “Registered Warrant”). An 
electronic platform managed by (or on behalf of) KBC Bank and CBC Banque (the “Electronic Platform”) has

--- Page 3 ---
3 
 
been implemented through which the Registered Warrants are initially registered in the name of and assigned 
to the individual Warrant Holders using an individualised user name and password. The Warrant Holders will 
need to use this user name and password in case they wish to sell (or otherwise transfer) their Registered 
Warrants through the Electronic Platform. KBC Bank and CBC Banque do not charge any fees for the creation 
and maintenance of the Warrants Register.  
 
A Hedging Option constitutes a contractual claim (schuldvordering/créance) against the Issuer. A register will 
be held by the Issuer (or by the Hedging Option Agent on its behalf) (the “Hedging Options Register”) 
recording holdings of the Hedging Option in the name of the relevant Hedging Option Holder. KBC Bank and 
CBC Banque do not charge any fees for the creation and maintenance of the Hedging Options Register.   
 
Upon the choice of the Warrant Holder, the form of a Registered Warrant can be changed by a process of 
dematerialisation potentially with a view of trading the relevant Warrant on Euronext Brussels (a 
“Dematerialised Warrant”). The Dematerialised Warrants will be represented exclusively by book entries in 
the records of the clearing system operated by Euroclear SA/NV or any successor thereto (the “Securities 
Settlement System”) and held by the Warrant Holder (or its successor or transferee) through a securities account 
with KBC Bank or CBC Banque (as applicable) or with a direct or indirect participant in the Securities Settlement 
System. Access to the Securities Settlement System is available through those of its Securities Settlement 
System participants whose membership extends to securities such as the Dematerialised Warrants. The 
dematarialisation option does not apply to the Hedging Options. 
 
While it is possible for investors to trade (purchase and sell) Dematerialised Warrants through securities 
accounts held with Securities Settlement System participants other than KBC Bank or CBC Banque (as 
applicable), the exercise of the rights attached to a Warrant may or, in respect of certain rights, will require that 
the Warrant Holder disposes of or opens a securities and/or cash account with KBC Bank or CBC Banque (as 
applicable): (i) a securities account in case of the Exercise of a Warrant for the acquisition of the Underlying 
Share or Underlying ETF Share, as the case may be, as a consequence of such Exercise, (ii) a securities account 
for the delivery of a Dematerialised Warrant to the Issuer in case of a Sale thereof, and (iii) a cash account for 
the payment of the Actual Exercise Price, the Exercise Costs and the Exercise Expenses in case of the Exercise 
of a Warrant (unless a cash account held with another institution than KBC Bank or CBC Banque (as applicable) 
would be permitted by the Issuer in the future in which case it will notify the Warrant Holders thereof in 
accordance with Warrant Condition (14)). It is not required to hold an account with KBC Bank or CBC Banque 
to invest in Hedging Options. 
 
In relation to any Series of Warrants or Hedging Options, this Base Prospectus must be read as a whole and 
together also with the applicable Final Terms (the “Applicable Final Terms”). A “Series” means Warrants or 
Hedging Options (as applicable) which are identical in all respects. 
 
Any Series of Warrants or Hedging Options issued on or after the date of this Base Prospectus and which is the 
subject of Final Terms which refer to this Base Prospectus are issued subject to the provisions described herein. 
The Applicable Final Terms will be filed with the FSMA. Copies of Final Terms in relation to Warrants to be 
listed on the Euronext Brussels will also be published on the website at https://warrant.esop.kbc.be/. 
 
Unless otherwise stated, capitalised terms used in this Base Prospectus have the meanings set forth in this Base 
Prospectus. Where reference is made to “Conditions” or “the Terms and Conditions” of the Warrants or the 
Hedging Options, reference is made to the “Warrant Condition(s)” or the “Hedging Option Condition(s)” 
(as applicable). 
This Base Prospectus (as supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable) is valid for 12 months from 
its date of approval in relation to Warrants which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market in 
the European Economic Area (the “EEA”) and/or offered to the public in the EEA and Hedging Options 
which are to be offered to the public in the EEA other than in circumstances where an exemption is 
available under Article 1(4) and/or Article 3(2) of the Prospectus Regulation.  The obligation to

--- Page 4 ---
4 
 
supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, material mistake or material 
inaccuracy does not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
The requirement to publish a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation only applies to Warrants and Hedging 
Options which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market in the EEA and/or offered to the public in the 
EEA other than in circumstances where an exemption is available under Article 1(4) and/or Article 3(2) of the 
Prospectus Regulation. An offer of Warrants or Hedging Options made in a Member State other than pursuant 
to an exemption under Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation is hereinafter referred to as a “Non-exempt 
Offer”. 
This Base Prospectus will be published on the internet sites https://warrant.esop.kbc.be/ and 
https://option.esop.kbc.be/ and a copy can be obtained free of charge at the offices of KBC Bank in the case of 
KBC Bank Warrants and Hedging Options, and CBC Banque in the case of CBC Banque Warrants and Hedging 
Options. 
The date of this Base Prospectus is 21 December 2021.

--- Page 5 ---
5 
 
HOW TO USE THIS BASE PROSPECTUS 
 
INTRODUCTION – WHO ARE THE ISSUERS? 
 
The Warrants and Hedging Options will be issued by KBC Bank or CBC Banque (as applicable). The KBC 
Bank Warrants and the KBC Bank Hedging Options will be issued by KBC Bank. The CBC Banque Warrants 
and CBC Banque Hedging Options will be issued by CBC Banque.  
 
The Section “INFORMATION RELATING TO THE ISSUERs” together with the other information provided 
in this Base Prospectus, provides a description of the Issuers’ business activities as well as certain financial 
information and material risks related to the Issuers. 
 
TYPES OF WARRANTS AND HEDGING OPTIONS 
 
This Base Prospectus provides information about the following Warrants and Hedging Options that may be 
issued under the Programme: 
 
• 
KBC Bank Warrants; 
• 
CBC Banque Warrants; 
• 
KBC Bank Hedging Options; and 
• 
CBC Banque Hedging Options. 
 
ROADMAP FOR THE BASE PROSPECTUS 
 
Part I – Important Information 
 
Section 
Page 
Section I: “Important information” provides important information relating to the use of this 
Base Prospectus and the offer of Warrants and Hedging Options generally. 
7 
Section II: “Important information relating to the Warrants” provides important  
information relating to the KBC Bank Warrants and CBC Banque Warrants. 
11 
Section III: “Important information relating to the Hedging Options” provides  
important information relating to the KBC Bank Hedging Options and the CBC Banque Hedging 
Options. 
13 
 
 
Part II – General Description of the Programme 
 
Section  
Page 
Section IV: “General description of the Programme” contains information on the Issuers and 
the Programme, including a general overview of the different types of Warrants and Hedging 
Options which can be issued under the Programme. 
15 
 
Part III – Risk Factors 
 
Section 
Page 
Section V: “Risk factors” describes the risk factors relating to the Issuers, the Warrants and the 
Hedging Options. 
22

--- Page 6 ---
6 
 
Part IV – Other Information 
 
Section 
Page 
Section VI: “Information relating to the Issuers” provides a description of the Issuers’ business 
activities as well as certain financial information in respect of the Issuers.  
44 
Section VII: “Terms and Conditions” includes the contractual terms and conditions of the 
Warrants and the Hedging Options. 
80 
Section VIII: “Form of the Final Terms” sets out a template for the Final Terms to be used for 
each specific Warrants and Hedging Options issuance.  
135 
Section IX: “Use of the proceeds” explains what the net proceeds from the sale of the Warrants 
and the Hedging Options issued under the programme will be used for. 
149 
Section X: “Taxation” sets out an overview of certain taxation considerations relating to the 
Warrants and the Hedging Options.  
150 
Section XI: “Selling restrictions” provides an overview of certain restrictions around who can 
purchase the Warrants and the Hedging Options in certain jurisdictions. 
154 
Section XII: “Consent to use this Base Prospectus”. 
157 
Section XIII: “Documents incorporated by reference” incorporates by reference selected 
publicly available information regarding the Issuers that should be read in conjunction with this 
Base Prospecus. 
162 
Section XIV: “Supplements to this Base Prospectus” provides information on possible 
supplements to the Base Prospectus. 
164 
Section XV: “Where more information can be found” contains information on where and how 
more information can be found or be requested. 
165 
Section XVI: “Responsibility statement” identifies the persons responsible for the information 
in this Base Prospectus. 
167 
Secion XVII: “General information” provides certain additional general information relating 
to all Warrants and Hedging Options.  
168

--- Page 7 ---
7 
 
I. 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION 
1. Restrictions on public offers 
This Base Prospectus comprises a base prospectus in respect of Warrants and Hedging Options issued under the 
Programme for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
This Base Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with all documents which are deemed to be incorporated herein 
by reference (see Section “DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE”). This Base Prospectus shall 
be read and construed on the basis that such documents are incorporated and form part of this Base Prospectus. 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared on a basis that permits Non-exempt Offers in Belgium and any other 
EEA Member State where this Base Prospectus has been notified in accordance with Article 25 of the Prospectus 
Regulation (the “Non-exempt Offer Jurisdictions”). 
The Warrants and Hedging Options may not be offered to the public in any Member State of the EEA or the 
United Kingdom (the “UK”) except: 
(a) 
to any person in Belgium and/or any other Member State where this Base Prospectus has been notified 
in accordance with Article 25 of the Prospectus Regulation and the UK version of the Prospectus 
Regulation which is part of UK law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (as 
specified in the Applicable Final Terms), provided that: 
(i) 
the applicable Final Terms specify the “Non-exempt Offer” as “Applicable”; 
(ii) 
such offer is made in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation, in the period beginning and 
ending on the dates specified in the relevant Final Terms (subject to the validity period of this 
Base Prospectus); and  
(iii) 
the Issuer has consented in writing to the use of this Base Prospectus for the purpose of that 
offer; or 
(b) 
to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; or 
(c) 
to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in the Prospectus 
Regulation); or 
(d) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Warrants or Hedging Options referred to in (a) to (d) above shall require the Issuers 
or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation, or supplement a 
prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. For the purposes of this provision, the 
expressions an “offer of Warrants to the public” and an “offer of Hedging Options to the public” in relation 
to any Warrants respectively Hedging Options in any Member State of the EEA means the communication in any 
form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Warrants or Hedging Options 
to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Warrants respectively Hedging 
Options. The Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Warrants or Hedging 
Options (as applicable) to the public in the EEA or the UK except in the cases set out above. See Section 
“SELLING RESTRICTIONS” below for further details.  
2. Consent to use this Base Prospectus 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared on a basis that permits offers that are not made within an exemption 
from the requirement to publish a prospectus under Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation in Belgium and 
any other EEA Member State where this Base Prospectus has been notified in accordance with Article 25 of the

--- Page 8 ---
8 
 
Prospectus Regulation. Any person making or intending to make such Non-exempt Offer of Warrants or 
Hedging Options on the basis of this Base Prospectus must do so only with the relevant Issuer’s consent (see 
Section “CONSENT TO USE THIS BASE PROSPECTUS” on page 157). 
3. Restrictions on distribution 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering or sale of the Warrants or Hedging Options in certain 
jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession the Base Prospectus comes, are required 
by the Issuers, the Arrangers and any Dealer to inform themselves about and to observe such restrictions. None 
of the Issuers, the Arrangers nor any Dealer represents that this Base Prospectus may be lawfully distributed, or 
that any Warrants or Hedging Options may be lawfully offered, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating any 
such distribution or offering, in any other jurisdiction. No Warrants or Hedging Options may be offered or sold, 
directly or indirectly, and neither this Base Prospectus nor any advertisement or other offering material may be 
distributed or published in any jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will result in compliance with any 
applicable laws and regulations.  
The Warrants and Hedging Options  have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities 
Act of 1933 (the “Securities Act”). The Warrants and Hedging Options may not be offered, sold or delivered 
within the United States or to a U.S. Person, as defined in Rule 902(k) promulgated under the Securities Act. 
For a description of certain restrictions for offers and sales of Warrants and Hedging Options and distribution 
of this Base Prospectus, see Section “SELLING RESTRICTIONS” below. 
 
4. Forward-looking statements 
This Base Prospectus contains or incorporates by reference certain statements that constitute forward-looking 
statements. Such forward-looking statements may include, without limitation, statements relating to the Issuers’ 
business strategies, trends in their business, competition and competitive advantage, regulatory changes and 
restructuring plans. 
Words such as believes, expects, projects, anticipates, seeks, estimates, intends, plans or similar expressions 
are intended to identify forward-looking statements but are not the exclusive means of identifying such 
statements. The Issuers do not intend to update these forward-looking statements except as may be required by 
applicable securities laws. 
By their very nature, forward-looking statements involve inherent risks and uncertainties, both general and 
specific, and risks exist that predictions, forecasts, projections and other outcomes described or implied in 
forward-looking statements will not be achieved. A number of important factors could cause actual results, 
performance or achievements to differ materially from the plans, objectives, expectations, estimates and 
intentions expressed in such forward-looking statements. These factors include: (i) the ability to maintain 
sufficient liquidity and access to capital markets; (ii) market and interest rate fluctuations; (iii) the strength of 
global economy in general and the strength of the economies of the countries in which the Issuers conduct 
operations; (iv) the potential impact of sovereign risk in certain European Union countries; (v) adverse rating 
actions by credit rating agencies; (vi) the ability of counterparties to meet their obligations to the Issuers; (vii) 
the effects of, and changes in, fiscal, monetary, trade and tax policies, financial regulation and currency 
fluctuations; (viii) the possibility of the imposition of foreign exchange controls by government and monetary 
authorities; (ix) operational factors, such as systems failure, human error, or the failure to implement procedures 
properly; (x) actions taken by regulators with respect to the Issuers’ business and practices in one or more of the 
countries in which the Issuers conduct operations; (xi) the adverse resolution of litigation and other 
contingencies; (xii) the Issuers’ success at managing the risks involved in the foregoing. 
The foregoing list of important factors is not exclusive; when evaluating forward-looking statements, investors 
should carefully consider the foregoing factors and other uncertainties and events, as well as the other risks 
identified in this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 9 ---
9 
 
5. Rounding 
This Base Prospectus contains various amounts and percentages which have been rounded and, as a result, when 
those amounts and percentages are added up, they may not total. 
 
6. Currencies 
In this Base Prospectus, references to “euro”, “EUR” and “€” are to the currency introduced at the start of the 
third stage of European economic and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European 
Union. 
 
7. Investment considerations 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any 
Warrants or any Hedging Options, (a) is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation, or (b) 
should be considered as a recommendation by the Issuers, that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any other 
information supplied in connection with the Programme or any Warrant or Hedging Option should purchase any 
Warrants or Hedging Options (as applicable). Each investor contemplating purchasing any Warrants or Hedging 
Options should make its own independent investigation of the financial condition and affairs, and its own 
appraisal of the creditworthiness, of the Issuers. This is without prejudice to the legal and regulatory obligations 
of the Issuers and the financial intermediaries. These obligations may require the Issuers and relevant financial 
intermediaries to assess whether an investment is suitable or appropriate for an investor. Neither this Base 
Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or the issue of any Warrants 
or Hedging Options constitutes an offer or invitation by or on behalf of the Issuers to subscribe for or to purchase 
any Warrants respectively Hedging Options. 
Other than in relation to the documents which are deemed to be incorporated by reference (see Section 
“DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE”), the information on the websites to which this Base 
Prospectus refers does not form part of this Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the 
FSMA. 
The Issuers accept responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and the Final Terms for 
each Series of Warrants and Hedging Options (as applicable) issued under the Programme. To the best of the 
knowledge of the Issuers, the information contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and 
the Base Prospectus makes no omission likely to affect the import of such information. 
No person is or has been authorised by any Issuer, Arranger, Dealer, Warrant Agent, Hedging Option 
Agent or Calculation Agent to give any information or to make any representation not contained in or 
not consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection with the 
Programme or the Warrants or the Hedging Options and, if given or made, such information or 
representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by any Issuer, Arranger, Dealer, 
Warrant Agent, Hedging Option Agent or Calculation Agent. Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus 
nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Warrants or Hedging Options issued hereunder shall in any 
circumstances imply that the information contained herein concerning the Issuer is correct at any time 
subsequent to the date hereof or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme 
is correct as of any time subsequent to the date indicated in the document containing the same. The 
Dealers appointed under the Programme from time to time expressly do not undertake to review the 
financial condition or affairs of the Issuer during the life of the Programme. Investors should review, 
inter alia, the documents incorporated herein by reference when deciding whether or not to purchase any 
Warrants or Hedging Options. 
An investment in the Warrants or Hedging Options entails certain risks, which vary depending on the 
specification and type or structure of the Warrants respectively Hedging Options. Legal investment considerations 
may restrict certain investments. The investment activities of certain investors are subject to legal investment

--- Page 10 ---
10 
 
laws and regulations, or review or regulation by certain authorities. Each potential investor should consult its 
legal advisors to determine whether and to what extent, (a) Warrants or Hedging Options (as applicable) are legal 
investments for it, (b) Warrants or Hedging Options (as applicable) can be used as collateral for various types of 
borrowing, and (c) other restrictions apply to the purchase or pledge of any Warrants or Hedging Options (as 
applicable). Financial institutions should consult their legal advisors or the appropriate regulators to determine 
the appropriate treatment of Warrants and Hedging Options under any applicable risk-based capital or similar 
rules. 
 
8. References to the Issuer(s), KBC Bank Group, KBC Group NV and KBC Group 
In this Base Prospectus, the term “Issuer” refers to KBC Bank or CBC Banque (as applicable). CBC Banque is a 
fully-owned subsidiary of KBC Bank. KBC Bank together with its subsidiaries are referred to in this Base 
Prospectus as “KBC Bank Group”. KBC Bank is a wholly-owned subsidiary of KBC Group NV. KBC Group 
NV together with its subsidiaries (including the Issuers) are referred to as “KBC Group”.  
 
See Section “Corporate structure, share capital and credit ratings”on page 44 and 53 for more information 
regarding the Issuers’ corporate and group structure, and the relationship between the Issuers and KBC Bank 
Group and between KBC Bank Group and KBC Group.

--- Page 11 ---
11 
 
II. 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO THE WARRANTS 
Capitalised terms used in this section will have the meanings ascribed to them in the Warrant Conditions. 
1. Price in case of Sale to the Issuer is published on the website 
A Warrant Holder who holds Warrants other than END Warrants and who wishes to offer its Warrant(s) for sale 
to the relevant Issuer should itself consult the webtool KBC ESOP Online (accessible with a username and a 
password and Two-Factor Authentication (2FA)), exclusively available to clients of both KBC Bank and CBC 
Banque that have a Top Warrant Plan on the website https:/esop.kbc.be/, in order to know the Sale Price at 
which the Warrant(s) can be offered for Sale to the relevant Issuer on a given Actual Sale Date. 
A Warrant Holder who holds an END Warrant and who wishes to offer such Warrant for sale to the relevant 
Issuer, should note that at the moment of its offer the applicable Sale Price will not yet be known, as this price 
shall only be determined at the end of the Scheduled Trading Day on which it makes the offer (or at the end of 
the following Scheduled Trading Day, if it makes the offer after 16:00  CET). The same risk applies to holders 
of other Warrants who offer their Warrants for sale in the period where the applicable Sale Price is not yet 
available (i.e. on any Scheduled Trading Day on or after 16:00  CET and before 09:00 CET on the following 
Scheduled Trading Day). Such Warrant Holders will therefore only be able to acknowledge the (potential) return 
on their investment after they have decided to sell the Warrant(s). 
The Warrant Holder should thereby note that, in respect of a Sale of its Warrants to the relevant Issuer in 
accordance with Warrant Condition (11)a and Warrant Condition (11)bis a, it only has a right to offer the 
Warrant for Sale, but that the relevant Issuer has no obligation to purchase its Warrant(s). Furthermore, even 
though the relevant Issuer (or the Warrant Agent on its behalf) will publish once or twice a day the Sale Price 
at which it would in principle be prepared to purchase Warrants in case of a Sale by a Warrant Holder, the 
relevant Issuer also expressly reserves the right to deviate from such posted prices in the event of significant 
market fluctuations. 
2. Liability in case of Exercise or Sale of the Warrants 
Exercise or Sale of the Warrants and delivery of the Entitlement to the Underlying Shares or the Underlying 
ETF Shares, as the case may be, by the relevant Issuer is subject to all applicable laws, regulations and practices 
in force on the relevant Actual Exercise Date or Actual Sale Date, as the case may be, and none of the Issuer, 
the Warrant Agent or the Calculation Agent shall incur any liability whatsoever if it is unable in case of force 
majeure to effect the transactions contemplated as a result of any such laws, regulations or practices. None of 
the Issuer, the Warrant Agent or the Calculation Agent shall under any circumstances, save in case of gross 
negligence or wilful misconduct, be liable for any acts or defaults of the Securities Settlement System or any 
Securities Settlement System participant in relation to the performance of its duties in relation to the Warrants. 
3. Disclosure of beneficial ownership 
An investor in Warrants might in some jurisdictions be treated as the beneficial holder of the Underlying Shares 
or the Underlying ETF Shares, as the case may be, to which its Warrants relate. Consequently, depending on 
the size of an investor’s exposure to the Underlying Shares or the Underlying ETF Shares, as the case may be, 
an investor in Warrants is subject to the risk that it (or the Issuer/its Affiliates) may be required by laws, 
regulations, rules, guidelines or other administrative practice in any relevant jurisdiction to provide information 
regarding the beneficial holder and the Warrants to any governmental or regulatory authority in such jurisdiction. 
The relevant Issuer and its Affiliates reserve the right to request further information regarding the investor and 
the Warrants from the investor in order to comply with such disclosure requirements. 
4. Exercise of certain rights only possible through KBC and CBC accounts (as applicable) 
Regardless whether a Warrant is held by the investor (a) as a Registered Warrant or (b) a Dematerialised Warrant 
on a securities account outside of KBC Bank or CBC Banque (as applicable), in order to be able to exercise the

--- Page 12 ---
12 
 
following rights attached to a Warrant, the Warrant Holder will in any event need to dispose of an account held 
with KBC Bank or CBC Banque (as applicable): (i) a securities account for purposes of the delivery of the 
Underlying Share or the Underlying ETF Shares, as the case may be, to the Warrant Holder in case of Exercise 
of the Warrant, (ii) a securities account in case of a Sale of a Dematerialised Warrant to the Issuer, and (iii) a 
cash account for the payment of the Actual Exercise Price, the Exercise Costs and the Exercise Expenses in case 
of the Exercise of a Warrant. While it is possible for investors to trade (purchase and sell) Dematerialised 
Warrants through securities accounts held with Securities Settlement System participants other than KBC Bank 
or CBC Banque (as applicable), the exercise of the aforementioned rights will require the opening of a securities 
account and a cash account with KBC Bank or CBC Banque (as applicable) in case the Warrant holder does not 
have such account.  
5. Dematerialised Warrants – application of the regime of the Coordinated Royal Decree No. 62 of 10 
November 1967 governing the custody of transferable financial instruments and the settlement of 
transactions on these instruments (“RD 62”) 
Upon dematerialisation in accordance with Warrant Condition (6), the Dematerialised Warrants will be 
represented exclusively by book entries in the records of the Securities Settlement System and held by the 
Warrant Holder (or its successor or transferee) through a securities account with KBC Bank or CBC Banque (as 
applicable) or with a securities account of a direct or indirect participant in the Securities Settlement System. 
As a result, the Dematerialised Warrants can be transferred by transferring such Warrants between securities 
accounts held with direct or indirect participants in the Securities Settlement System.  
RD 62 creates a legal framework for the custody and transfer of fungible financial instruments in a book entry 
system. RD 62 in particular defines the type of claims an account holder has against the intermediaries within 
the book entry system with whom it holds its financial instruments on account and creates certain in rem rights 
to reclaim the financial instruments in case of insolvency of the intermediary with whom the financial 
instruments are held, protecting the account holder.   
RD 62 provides that certain rules of RD 62, including the aforementioned in rem rights to reclaim financial 
instruments in case insolvency of an intermediary can be made applicable contractually at the time of deposit 
by a party of financial instruments with a participant in the Securities Settlement System. 
The Issuer, the Securities Settlement System and, by subscribing or acquiring the Warrants, the Warrant Holders 
will consent to the contractual application of the provisions of RD 62 to the Dematerialised Warrants. The 
Warrant Holders should therefore have the benefit of the relevant provisions of RD 62, including in case of 
insolvency of certain intermediaries with whom they hold their Registered Warrants account (provided such 
relevant account with the intermediary is located in Belgium). Warrant Holders should however be aware that 
to date there is no case law which has tested the contractual application of the rules of RD 62 to financial 
instruments.

--- Page 13 ---
13 
 
III. 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO THE HEDGING OPTIONS 
Capitalised terms used in this section will have the meanings ascribed to them in the Hedging Option Conditions. 
1. Termination Value in case of offer for Termination to the Issuer is published on the KBC website or 
CBC website (as applicable) 
The Termination Value of Hedging Options is calculated each Scheduled Trading Day using an objective 
international model on the basis of   the Closing Price of the Underlying. If, due to force majeure or other events 
during a Scheduled Trading Day, it is not possible to calculate the Termination Value of the Termination Orders, 
the Termination Value for the Termination Orders submitted during that Scheduled Trading Day will be 
calculated on the basis of  the Closing Price of the next Scheduled Trading Day on which the Calculation Agent 
is able to calculate the Termination Value. 
The Termination Value of Hedging Options shall be determined each Scheduled Trading Day by the Hedging 
Option Agent  and will be posted on the following website at: https://option.esop.kbc.be (accessible with a 
username and a password) for indicative purposes only. The Termination Value applicable for a specific 
Termination Order of a Hedging Option Holder shall depend on the time at which the relevant Issuer receives 
the Termination Order. The relevant Issuer shall ensure that at any time as long as Hedging Options are 
outstanding under the Programme in respect of which the Exercise Period has not lapsed, Termination Value 
will continue to be posted on the above website. 
A Hedging Option Holder who wishes to offer Hedging Options for Termination to the Issuer, should note that 
at the moment of its offer the applicable Termination Value will not yet be known, as this value shall only be 
determined at the end of the Scheduled Trading Day on which the Issuer receives the Termination Order  (or at 
the end of the following Scheduled Trading Day, if it receives the Termination Order after the Cut-Off Time 
CET). Such Hedging Option Holders will therefore only be able to know the (potential) return on their 
investment after they have decided to Terminate the Hedging Option(s). 
The Hedging Option Holder should thereby note that, in respect of a Termination of its Hedging Options in 
accordance with Hedging Option Condition (8), it only has a right to offer the Hedging Option(s) for 
Termination, but that the relevant Issuer has no obligation to accept and process its Termination Order for the 
relevant Hedging Option(s). Furthermore, even though the Hedging Option Agent will publish on each 
Scheduled Trading Day the Termination Value of the previous Scheduled Trading Day, a Hedging Option 
Holder should note that the applicable Termination Value shall only be determined at the end of the Scheduled 
Trading Day on which the Issuer receives its Termination Order (or at the end of the following Scheduled 
Trading Day, if it receives the Termination Order after the Cut-Off Time CET). 
2. Liability in case of Exercise or Sale of the Hedging Options 
Termination of the Hedging Options is subject to all applicable laws, regulations and practices in force on the 
relevant actual Termination date of the Hedging Options. None of the Issuer, the Hedging Option Agent or the 
Calculation Agent shall incur any liability whatsoever if it is unable in case of force majeure to effect the 
transactions contemplated. This does not affect the right of the Hedging Option Holder to the Hedging Options, 
or its ability to offer for Termination of the Hedging Options on a later date until the Cut-Off time on the second 
last Scheduled Trading Day prior to the Expiration Date.

--- Page 14 ---
14 
 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
I. 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION 7 
II. 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO THE WARRANTS 11 
III. 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO THE HEDGING OPTIONs 13 
IV. 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 15 
V. 
RISK FACTORS 22 
VI. 
INFORMATION RELATING TO THE ISSUERs 44 
VII. 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE WARRANTS AND THE HEDGING  OPTIONS 80 
VIII. 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 135 
IX. 
USE OF PROCEEDS 149 
X. 
TAXATION 150 
XI. 
SELLING RESTRICTIONS 154 
XII. 
CONSENT TO USE THIS BASE PROSPECTUS 157 
XIII. 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 162 
XIV. 
SUPPLEMENTS TO THIS BASE PROSPECTUS 164 
XV. 
WHERE MORE INFORMATION CAN BE FOUND 165 
XVI. 
RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT 167 
XVII. 
GENERAL INFORMATION 168

--- Page 15 ---
15 
 
IV. 
 GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
This section is the general description of the Programme referred to in Article 25(1)(b) of Commission 
Delegated Regulation (EU) No 2019/980 supplementing the Prospectus Regulation. This section is qualified in 
its entirety by the rest of this Base Prospectus, including the Terms and Conditions of the Warrants and the 
Hedging Options as set out on page 80 and following. 
1. Information relating to the Issuers  
1.1. Information relating to KBC Bank  
 
Issuer: 
KBC Bank 
Description of 
the Issuer: 
The Issuer is registered as a credit institution with the National Bank of Belgium (the 
“NBB”). It is a wholly-owned subsidiary of KBC Group and is part of the KBC Group. The 
Issuer’s strategy is fully embedded in the strategy of KBC Group, which includes offering a 
unique bank-insurance experience combining the Issuer’s banking activities and the Issuer’s 
sister company KBC Insurance NV’s insurance activities. 
A simplified schematic of KBC Group’s legal structure is provided below: 
 
Principal 
activities of the 
Issuer: 
KBC Bank Group is a multi-channel banking group that caters primarily to private persons, 
small and medium-sized enterprises (“SMEs”) and midcaps. Its geographic focus is on 
Europe. In its “home” (or “core”) markets Belgium, Czech Republic, Slovak Republic, 
Hungary, Bulgaria and Ireland, KBC Bank Group has important and (in some cases) even 
leading positions (based on internal data). KBC Bank Group is also present in other countries 
where the primary focus is on supporting the corporate clients of the home markets. 
KBC Bank Group’s core business is retail and private bank-insurance (including asset 
management), although it is also active in providing services to corporations and market 
activities. Across most of its home markets, KBC Bank Group is active in a large number of 
products and activities, ranging from the plain vanilla deposit, credit, asset management and 
insurance businesses (via the Issuer’s sister company, KBC Insurance NV) to specialised 
activities such as, but not exclusively, payments services, dealing room activities (money 
and debt market activities), brokerage and corporate finance, foreign trade finance, 
international cash management, leasing, etc. 
See Section “Information relating to KBC Bank” on page 44 and following for more detailed 
information.

--- Page 16 ---
16 
 
 
1.2. 
Information relating to CBC Banque  
 
Issuer: 
CBC Banque 
Description 
of 
the Issuer: 
The Issuer is registered as a credit institution with the NBB. It is a wholly-owned subsidiary 
of KBC Bank and is part of the KBC (Bank) Group. The Issuer’s strategy is fully embedded 
in the strategy of KBC Group, which includes offering a unique bank-insurance experience 
combining the Issuer’s banking activities and CBC Assurances’ insurance activities. CBC 
Assurances is a trade name of KBC Insurance NV. 
 
A simplified schematic of KBC Group’s legal structure, including CBC Banque, is provided 
below: 
 
 
 
Principal 
activities of the 
Issuer: 
 
CBC Banque is the French-language arm of the KBC Group. As a fully fledged company, 
CBC Banque & Assurances is active in all banking and insurance sectors in Wallonia. In 
Brussels, it focuses on private banking and public and non-merchant entities. 
 
CBC Banque & Assurances is a formidable economic player in its region. It sees itself as a 
universal bank providing services to a wide variety of clients, including retail, professional 
and business clients.CBC Banque’s core business is retail and private bank-insurance 
(including asset management), although it is also active in providing services to corporations 
and market activities.  
 
See Section “Information relating to CBC Banque” on page 52 and following for more 
detailed information.

--- Page 17 ---
17 
 
2. Information relating to the Programme  
2.1. Information relating to the Warrants 
 
Description: 
Warrant Programme. 
Arranger and Dealer: 
Respectively KBC Bank or CBC Banque (depending on which Issuer has issued 
the Warrants). 
The relevant Issuer may from time to time terminate the appointment of any 
Dealer under the Programme or appoint additional Dealers either in respect of 
one or more Series or in respect of the whole Programme. 
Warrant Agent: 
KBC Bank  (for Warrants  issued by KBC Bank or CBC Banque). 
Calculation Agent: 
KBC Bank  (for Warrants  issued by KBC Bank or CBC Banque). 
Series: 
The Warrants will be issued in series (each a “Series”), whether or not issued 
on the same date, that have identical terms on issue and are expressed to have 
the same series number. The final terms and conditions for each Series of 
Warrants (or the relevant provisions thereof) will be specified in the Applicable 
Final Terms. 
Distribution: 
The Warrants will be distributed by way of an offer exempt from a prospectus 
requirement or an offer subject to a prospectus requirement on a syndicated or 
non-syndicated basis. The manner of distribution will be specified in the 
Applicable Final Terms.  
Currencies: 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, 
Warrants may be issued in any currency agreed between the relevant Issuer and 
the relevant Dealers. The currency of each Series will be specified in the 
Applicable Final Terms. 
Maturity: 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives and 
unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, each Warrant will have 
the maturity as specified in the Applicable Final Terms. 
Issue Price: 
Warrants will be issued at an amount specified in the Applicable Final Terms. 
Form of Warrants: 
The Warrants will be issued in registered form and initially be represented by a 
registration in a register held by the Issuer or by the Warrant Agent on its behalf 
in the name of the relevant Warrant Holder(s)).  
Upon the choice of the Warrant Holder, the form of the Registered Warrants can 
be changed by a process of dematerialisation potentially with a view of trading 
the relevant Warrants on Euronext Brussels. 
The Dematerialised Warrants will be represented exclusively by book entry in 
the records of the Securities Settlement System currently operated by Euroclear 
SA/NV.  
See “Warrant Condition (2)” on page 91. 
Status of Warrants: 
The Warrants constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured 
obligations of the Issuer and shall at all times rank pari passu with all present 
and future unsecured obligations of the Issuer, without any preference among 
themselves and without any preference one above the other by reason of priority

--- Page 18 ---
18 
 
of date of issue, any currency or payment or otherwise, subject to any exceptions 
as from time to time under applicable law.  
See “Warrant Condition (5)” on page 92. 
Interest: 
The Warrants will not bear any interest. 
Exercise and Sale of the 
Warrants: 
A Warrant grants the Warrant Holder a right of Exercise of the Warrant. A 
Warrant Holder may sell the Warrant to a third party in the open market or to 
the Issuer. 
See “Warrant Condition (7)” on page 93. 
Underlying: 
The Warrant Holders may exercise their rights to acquire an Entitlement in an 
Underlying Share or Underlying ETF Share. 
Underlying ETF Shares: 
The Applicable Final Terms issued in respect of each issue of Warrants or Series 
of Warrants will specify which ETF share can be acquired by a warrant holder 
upon exercise. 
Underlying Shares: 
The Applicable Final Terms issued in respect of each issue of Warrants or Series 
of Warrants will specify which SICAV managed by KBC Asset Management 
SA/NV is the SICAV whose shares can be acquired by a warrant holder upon 
exercise. 
See “Warrant Condition (8)” on page 94. 
Ratings: 
Warrants issued under the Programme will be unrated.  
Also see Section “Corporate structure, share capital and credit ratings for 
information regarding credit ratings assigned to KBC Bank generally (but not 
to a specific issue of Warrants). 
Governing Law: 
The Warrants, the Warrant Agreement and all matters arising from or connected 
with the Warrants and the Warrant Agreement (and any non-contractual 
obligations arising out of or in connection with the Warrants) are governed by, 
and shall be construed in accordance with, Belgian law. 
Listing and Admission to 
Trading: 
Application has been made to Euronext Brussels for Warrants issued under the 
Programme to be listed and to be admitted to trading on the regulated market of 
Euronext Brussels. The Applicable Final Terms will specify whether and where 
the Warrants will be admitted to trading and listing.  
Selling Restrictions: 
There are restrictions on the offer, sale and transfer of the Warrants.  
See Section “SELLING RESTRICTIONS” on page 154 below. 
Bail-in: 
Because the Issuers are  credit institutions and the Warrants are senior unsecured 
obligations of the Issuers, the Warrants are subject to “bail-in”. This means that 
when the Issuers are failing or likely to fail, the EU Single Resolution Board 
together with the NBB can decide to write down the Warrants (by reducing the 
outstanding principal amount) or to convert the Warrants into equity.  
See the risk factor entitled “Warrant Holders may be required to absorb losses 
in the event the Issuers become non-viable or were to fail” on page 24 and a 
more general description of the Issuers’ regulatory status in Section “3.10 
Banking supervision and regulation” on page 66.

--- Page 19 ---
19 
 
2.2. Information relating to the Hedging Options  
 
Description: 
Hedging Option Programme. 
Arranger and Dealer 
Respectively KBC Bank or CBC Banque (depending on which Issuer has issued 
the Hedging Options). 
The relevant Issuer may from time to time terminate the appointment of any 
dealer under the Programme or appoint additional dealers either in respect of 
one or more Series or in respect of the whole Programme. 
Hedging Option Agent 
KBC Bank  (for Hedging Options issued by KBC Bank or CBC Banque). 
Calculation Agent 
KBC Bank  (for Hedging Options issued by KBC Bank or CBC Banque). 
BestOf 
Share 
Option 
Plan 
An employee benefit scheme pursuant to which an employer issues and offers 
BestOf Options on Underlying Shares defined in the BestOf Share Option Plan 
to beneficiaries as an incentive for the performance of their professional 
activities.  
Eligibility Criteria  
In order to be eligible to purchase the Hedging Options the following criteria 
must be met: (i) the purchaser shall be a legal person (such as a company) and 
not an individual or a consumer, (ii) it has set up a BestOf Share Option Plan 
and (iii) it has reached agreement with the relevant Issuer and acknowledged 
and agreed, by way of either a written agreement or letter or by electronic means 
such as the Issuer’s Business Dashboard, to be bound by the Hedging Options 
Conditions and the Applicable Final Terms. 
The Hedging Options are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available, and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available, in 
Belgium to “consumers” (consommateurs/consumenten) within the meaning of 
the Belgian Code of Economic Law. 
Series 
The Hedging Options will be issued in series (each a “Series”), that have 
identical terms and are issued on the same Issue Date and are expressed to have 
the same series number. The final terms and conditions for each Series of 
Hedging Options (or the relevant provisions thereof) will be specified in the 
Applicable Final Terms. 
Distribution 
The Hedging Options will be distributed by way of an offer exempt from a 
prospectus requirement or an offer subject to a prospectus requirement on a 
syndicated or non-syndicated basis. The manner of distribution will be specified 
in the Applicable Final Terms. 
Currencies 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, 
Hedging Options may be issued in any currency agreed between the Issuer and 
the relevant Dealers. The currency of each Series will be specified in the 
Applicable Final Terms. 
Maturity 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives and 
unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, each Hedging Option 
will have the maturity as specified in the Applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 20 ---
20 
 
Issue Price 
Hedging Options will be issued at an amount specified in the Applicable Final 
Terms. 
Form of Hedging Options The Hedging Options of a Series will be issued to each Hedging Option Holder 
on the Issue Date. A register of Hedging Options will be kept and held by the 
relevant Issuer or by the relevant Hedging Option Agent on such Issuer’s behalf 
(the “Hedging Options Register”) in the name of the relevant Hedging Option 
Holder(s)).  
See “Hedging Option Condition (2)” on page 124. 
Status 
of 
Hedging 
Options 
The Hedging Options constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and 
unsecured obligations of the Issuer and shall at all times rank pari passu with 
all present and future unsecured obligations of the Issuer, without any 
preference among themselves and without any preference one above the other 
by reason of priority of date of issue, any currency or payment or otherwise, 
subject to any exceptions as from time to time under applicable law.  
See “Hedging Option Condition” (5) on page 125. 
Interest 
The Hedging Options will not bear any interest. 
Exercise 
and 
Termination 
of 
the 
Hedging Options 
The Hedging Options are call options linked to an Underlying providing the 
relevant Hedging Option Holder a contractual right (schuldvordering/créance) 
against the Issuer to acquire an Entitlement in an Underlying at a predetermined 
Fraction of Exercise Price during a predetermined Exercise Period. 
In addition, the Hedging Option Holder may offer its Hedging Options for 
Termination to the Issuer and the Issuer has the right, without this being an 
obligation, to accept such offer as provided in Hedging Option Condition (8). 
 
See Hedging Option Condition (7) and (8) on page 125. 
Underlying  
The Underlying Index as further specified in the Applicable Final Terms in 
respect  of each issue of Hedging Options or Series of Hedging Options. 
Ratings 
Hedging Options issued under the Programme will be unrated. 
Governing Law 
The Hedging Options, the Hedging Option Agreement and all matters arising 
from or connected with the Hedging Options and the Hedging Option 
Agreement (and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection 
with the Hedging Options) are governed by, and shall be construed in 
accordance with, Belgian law. 
Listing and Admission to 
Trading 
The Hedging Options will not be listed nor admitted to trading. 
Selling restriction 
There are restrictions on the offer, sale and transfer of the Hedging Options.  
See Section “SELLING RESTRICTIONS” on page 154 below. 
Bail-in 
Because the Issuers are credit institutions and the Hedging Options are senior 
unsecured obligations of the Issuer, the Hedging Options are subject to “bail-
in”. This means that when the Issuers are  failing or likely to fail, the EU Single 
Resolution Board together with the NBB can decide to write down the Hedging

--- Page 21 ---
21 
 
Options (by reducing the outstanding principal amount) or to convert the 
Hedging Options into equity.  
See the risk factor entitled“Hedging Option  Holders may be required to absorb 
losses in the event the Issuers become non-viable or were to fail” on page 24 
and a more general description of the Issuers’ regulatory status in Section “3.10 
Banking supervision and regulation” on page 66.

--- Page 22 ---
22 
 
V. 
RISK FACTORS 
Text in italics below is an introduction to the “Risk Factors” section. 
Which risks are described in this section and in how are they presented? 
The Issuers believe that the risk factors described in this section are risks which are specific to the Issuers, to 
the Warrants and/or to the Hedging Options and which are material for taking an informed investment decision 
with respect to the Warrants or the Hedging Options (as applicable). However, the inability of the Issuers to 
pay any amount or to deliver the Underlying Shares or the Underlying ETF Shares, as the case may be, may 
occur for other reasons which may not be considered significant risks by the Issuers based on the information 
currently available to them or which they may not currently be able to anticipate.  
The risk factors are grouped in the following categories: 
• 
Risk factors relating to the Issuers (see page 24 and following); 
• 
Risk factors relating to the Warrants (see page 31 and following); 
• 
Risk factors relating to the Hedging Options (see page 39  and following). 
In each category the most material risk factors are mentioned first. The materiality of a risk factor is assessed 
by its expected negative impact on the Issuers (including any relevant mitigation measures) and the probability 
of its occurrence. 
Some risk factors can be grouped into more than one category. In that case, the Issuers have only mentioned 
that risk factor in the most appropriate category, and not in the other categories. Potential investors should 
consult the risk factors in all categories. 
Does this section contain all risks that could result in adverse consequences for investors in the Warrants or 
the Hedging Options? 
No. This section does not contain risks: 
• 
that the Issuers do not consider material; 
• 
that the Issuers do not consider to be specific to the Issuer, the Warrants or the Hedging Options;  
• 
of which the Issuers are not aware; or 
• 
that may arise in the future. 
Although not mentioned in this section, these risks could in the future still result in adverse consequences for 
investors in the Warrants or the Hedging Options, for example an inability to pay the Sale Price, the Termination 
Value or any other amount on or in connection with the Warrants or the Hedging Options.  
The Issuers will publish a supplement to this Base Prospectus if such risks become material or specific to any 
Issuer, the Warrants or the Hedging Options, or when the Issuers become aware of them or when they arise, as 
explained in Section “SUPPLEMENTS TO THIS BASE PROSPECTUS” on page 164. 
What is meant by risks that are “material” for taking an informed investment decision? 
The Issuers have assessed the materiality of the risks factors, taking into account the expected negative impact 
of such risks on the Issuers (including any relevant mitigation measures) and the probability of their occurrence.

--- Page 23 ---
23 
 
For the risk factor relating to KBC Bank and the KBC Bank Group, and CBC Banque the result of this 
assessment is mentioned behind each risk factor, using a scale of “low”, “medium” or “high”.  
What does a “low”, “medium” or “high” materiality of a risk factor mean? 
The qualitative scale of the materiality of a risk using the labels “low”, “medium” or “high” is only intended 
to compare the expected negative impact of such risks on the Issuer (including any relevant mitigation measures) 
and the probability of their occurrence among the risk factors included in this section. These labels do not 
correspond to certain amounts or percentages, and are based on a good faith judgment of the Issuers.

--- Page 24 ---
24 
 
1. Risk factors relating to the Issuers and the KBC Bank Group  
 
The overall management responsibility of a financial institution can be defined as managing capital, liquidity, 
return (income versus costs) and risks, which in particular arise from the special situation of banks as risk 
transformers. Taking risks and transforming risks is an integral part – and hence an inevitable consequence of – 
the business of a financial institution. Therefore, the KBC Bank Group (together with KBC Group) does not 
aim to eliminate all the risks involved (risk avoidance) but instead looks to identify, control and manage them 
in order to make optimal use of its available capital (i.e. risk-taking as a means of creating value).  
 
The sections below include the risk factors relating to the Issuers, the KBC Bank Group and the markets in 
which they operate.  
 
Coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic (medium risk) 
 
Whilst the KBC Bank Group thoroughly assesses the risks related to the Issuers and the KBC Bank Group, the 
worldwide outbreak of the COVID-19 pandemic is an unprecedented event which has put this assessment and 
its underpinnings to the test.  
There have been four explicit areas of particular focus for the Issuers in this respect: (i) credit risk, (ii) liquidity 
risk, (iii) market risk and (iv) broader operational resilience. 
The worldwide economic challenges resulting from this crisis undoubtedly have the largest impact on credit 
losses in general, including credit losses incurred by the KBC Bank Group, both now and in the years ahead. 
Such credit losses include, but may not be limited to, credit losses situated in KBC Bank Group’s loan 
portfolio.Please also refer to the risk factor entitled “Credit risk (medium risk)”. 
In addition to credit risk in general, the coronavirus crisis will also have a negative impact on counterparty credit 
risk, as certain counterparties will be adversely impacted by this crisis, preventing them from fulfilling their 
financial obligations towards the KBC Bank Group.  
Whilst naturally, the Issuers may also face potential losses stemming from financial instruments to which the 
Issuers are exposed via its trading and non-trading activities, this risk is not currently seen to be particularly 
higher as a direct consequence of the current coronavirus crisis. Please also refer to the risk factors entitled 
“Market risk in non-trading activities” and “Market risk in trading activities”. 
Funding and liquidity risk also increase during a crisis as trust between financial institutions might decrease or 
disappear, which can influence the KBC Bank Group’s funding capabilities in the market as well as its liquidity 
position. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the liquidity position of the KBC Bank Group remains very 
solid. Please also refer to the risk factor entitled “Liquidity risk”.  
Other risks are also impacted by the coronavirus crisis, such as operational risk, both within the KBC Bank 
Group and in third parties to which the KBC Bank Group has outsourced some of its activities. Operational risks 
are related to business continuity management, information security, outsourcing risk and IT risk. Please also 
refer to the risk factor entitled “Operational risks (medium risks)”. 
The transition to new ways of working due to this crisis (e.g. remotely, from backup locations and home office) 
was well organised without major incidents. New information flows were established swiftly to provide 
management with the most up-to-date and relevant information 
The coronavirus pandemic has also led to regulatory developments in the jurisdictions in which the Issuers 
operate. As stated in the section “Note 1.4: Impact of the coronavirus crisis” on pages 121 to 126 of KBC Bank’s 
2020 Annual Report which is incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus as set out in the section entitled 
“DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE” on page 162 and following of this Base Prospectus, 
impairment on loans totaling EUR 1,068 million was recognized for the financial year 2020. It comprised 
collective impairment charges related to the coronavirus crisis for an amount of EUR 783 million (EUR 111 
million captured by Expected Credit Loss (“ECL”) models, and a management overlay of EUR 672 million)

--- Page 25 ---
25 
 
and other impairment charges for an amount of EUR 285 million. As stated in the section “Covid-19 (note 1.4)” 
on pages 24 to 26 of the extended quarterly report for the third quarter of 2021 of KBC Group, which is available 
on https://www.kbc.com/content/dam/kbccom/doc/investor-relations/Results/3q2021/3q2021-quarterly-report-
en.pdf and is not incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus, the Group performed an update of its 
COVID-19 impact assessment in the third quarter of 2021 which resulted in a total collective COVID-19 ECL 
of EUR 368 million (versus EUR 783 million at year-end 2020). The latter implies a ECL decrease of EUR 260 
million in the third quarter of 2021 compared to the 155 million ECL decrease of 1H 2021 (EUR 26 million in 
1Q 2021 and EUR 129 million in 2Q 2021). Including the total coronavirus-related ECL, the credit cost ratio 
amounted to 0.60% in 2020. Disregarding the collective coronavirus-related ECL, it would have been 0.16%. 
According to the extended quarterly report for the third quarter of 2021 of KBC Group, the credit cost ratio of 
the Group for the first nine months of 2021 stood at -0.20% (-0.10% excluding the amount recorded for the 
coronavirus crisis). For more information on the financial impact of the coronavirus pandemic on the KBC Bank 
Group, as well as a status overview of the different government and sector measures in each of the KBC Bank 
Group’s core countries, please refer to pages 121 to 126 of KBC Bank’s 2020 Annual Report. 
Please also refer to the risk factor entitled “Legal and regulatory risks”. Examples include the measures and 
regulations adopted by the Belgian Federal Government regarding the granting of payment deferrals, additional 
lines of credit and other types of financial relief provided by the Belgian financial sector. Payment deferrals, 
guarantee schemes and liquidity assistance measures were also adopted by the local governments in our other 
core countries, in close cooperation with the national regulator. 
The coronavirus pandemic had a negative impact on the profitability and performance of the Issuers as well as 
on the credit rating and more specifically the credit rating outlook of the KBC Bank Group. Also going forward 
the impacts of the crisis may continue to weigh on profitability. For an overview of the KBC Bank Group’s 
current credit ratings, please also refer to the risk factor entitled “Credit ratings (low risk)” on page 31 of this 
Base Prospectus and the section entitled “Credit ratings” in the section “Information relating to KBC Bank” on 
page 45 and following of this Base Prospectus. Please also refer to the KBC Bank’s 2020 Annual Report and 
CBC Banque’s 2020 Annual Report (which is incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus) in its entirety, 
for the financial reporting on the full-year of 2020 (in which the COVID-19 crisis started). 
Legal and regulatory risk (medium risk) 
The Issuers’ business activities are subject to substantial regulation and regulatory oversight in the jurisdictions 
in which it operates.  
Recent regulatory and legislative developments applicable to credit institutions, such as the KBC Bank Group 
may adversely impact the Issuers and their subsidiaries (if applicable), their business, financial condition or 
results of operation. A non-exhaustive overview of certain important regulatory and legislative developments, 
such as changes to the prudential requirements for credit institutions, capital adequacy rules, recovery and 
resolution mechanisms, is set out in section “3.10 Banking supervision and regulation” starting on page 66 of 
this Base Prospectus. 
Moreover, there seems to have been an increase in the level of diligence (e.g. additional ad hoc data collection 
exercises, questionnaires, etc.) applied by governments and regulators to enforce applicable regulations and calls 
to impose further charges on the financial services industry in recent years (e.g. additional levy of taxes). Such 
increased scrutiny or charges may require the Issuers to take additional measures which, in turn, may have 
adverse effects on its business, financial condition and results of operations. 
One of the factors that currently remain uncertain, is the structure of the future relationship of the UK with the 
European Union (the “EU”). The trade deal contains limited application to financial services and no decisions 
on regulatory equivalence through which the EU recognises the UK regulatory regime and its different rules. 
This absence of equivalence recognition has its consequences, especially for cross-border financial activities 
between the UK and the EU. 
The technical negotiations linked to the Financial Services Memorandum of Understanding which sets out a 
framework for regulatory co-operation and a joint forum for discussing rules and procedures as well as the

--- Page 26 ---
26 
 
sharing of information, were concluded before the end of March 2021. However, further formal steps need to 
be undertaken on both sides before the Memorandum of Understanding can be signed. The KBC Bank Group 
does not expect there to be any immediate impact on their activities. To stay on top of things, the focus of the 
KBC Bank Group has now shifted to following up regulatory equivalence decisions and the possible regulatory 
divergence that the UK wants to pursue. 
Not only Brexit, but also environmental, social and governance (“ESG”) risks are high on the agenda of the 
legislators and regulators leading to a number of directives, guidelines and disclosure requirements. These have 
to be gradually implemented in the coming years with the main focus on Strategy, Governance, Risk 
Management and internal and external reporting. The Issuers are taking the necessary actions to implement and 
to be compliant with all new regulation aiming for a timely implementation. The disclosures’ importance 
towards market participants, investors and society in general will only increase: i.e. based upon the disclosures, 
financial institutions and the Issuers in particular will be judged on how well they adapt to climate change related 
aspects. 
Also operational resilience is increasingly becoming a focus point of regulators, inspired by the coronavirus 
crisis and the increasing cyber threats. The ECB announced that they will engage with institutions to ensure that 
operational disruptions are properly planned for, managed and mitigated. Within the KBC Bank Group, key 
building blocks (such as business continuity management, cyber security and outsourcing risk management) are 
in place and are being further improved. However, it will be further investigated whether additional steps are 
needed and how the different existing building blocks can be better integrated. 
Any failure of the Issuers to meet legal and regulatory requirements could result in administrative, civil and/or 
criminal actions or sanctions. 
Performance risk (medium risk)  
 
Over the last years, the Issuers’ performance remained very strong (e.g. as reflected in high return on equity of 
5.9% as at 31 December 2020 despite the adverse impact of the coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic), which 
underlines the resiliency of its business model in a challenging environment. 
 
The Issuers are operating in a very dynamic environment and a world of disruption, bringing opportunities, but 
also challenges and risks which are re-shaping the financial industry: 
− Persistent low and negative interest rate environment which has a negative impact on the bank activities. 
− Big Tech companies challenging the traditional financial players in providing no-frills, no-hassle 
services and superior customer experience. Clients have become accustomed to convenience, instant 
delivery of products and services, and personal advice anywhere at any time. These competitive 
pressures could result in increased pricing pressures on a number of the Issuers’ products and services 
and in the loss of market share in one or more such markets. 
− Increased attention on sustainability and climate change are changing the expectations, mindset, 
consumption and investment patterns of our stakeholders. At the same time the Issuers need to manage 
the impact of worldwide climate change on its banking and investment activities. These changes are 
expected to further affect the activities and products of the Issuers in the coming years. 
− Traditional bank financing solutions are bypassed by growing disintermediation in corporate and SME 
financing, facilitated by the development of the EU Capital Markets Union. These changes could result 
in increased pricing pressures on a number of the Issuers’ products and services and in the loss of market 
share in one or more such markets. 
− Strong regulatory pressure and uncertainty, with continued challenges in terms of level playing field, 
requires a lot of attention and even more staff being involved in regulatory reporting activities.

--- Page 27 ---
27 
 
− M&A activities as well as change projects in line with KBC Strategy could also negatively impact the 
performance of KBC Bank if they will not be managed and implemented well. 
Credit risk (medium risk) 
 
Credit risk is the potential negative deviation from the expected value of a financial instrument arising from the 
non-payment or non-performance by a contracting party (for instance a borrower), due to that party’s insolvency, 
inability or lack of willingness to pay or perform, or to events or measures taken by the political or monetary 
authorities of a particular country (country risk). Credit risk thus encompasses default risk and country risk, but 
also includes migration risk, which is the risk for adverse changes in credit ratings.  
 
The KBC Bank Group is subject to a wide range of credit risks, potentially putting pressure on profitability 
(higher impairments), capital and risk profile. Although current indications are that the impact of the COVID-
19 pandemic on credit quality is likely to be less negative than initially feared, such impacts may still materialise, 
especially as a result of the lifting of all supporting measures or in case the current vaccines prove to be less 
effective for new variants of the coronavirus. 
 
The main source of credit risk is the bank's loan portfolio. It includes all the loans and guarantees that the KBC 
Bank Group has granted to individuals, companies, governments and banks (including debt securities if they are 
issued by companies or banks). The aggregate outstanding amount of the KBC Bank Group’s loan portfolio 
amounted to EUR 181 billion on 31 December 2020. Most counterparties are private individuals (44.3%) and 
corporates (46.7%). Most counterparties are located in Belgium (64%) or in the Czech Republic (17.6%). 3.3% 
of this portfolio comprises impaired loans (i.e., loans where it is unlikely that the full contractual principal and 
interest will be repaid/paid).  
 
The mortgage portfolio of the KBC Bank Group amounts to roughly EUR 71 billion, which constitutes 45 per 
cent. of the KBC Bank Group’s loans and advances to customers being EUR 157 billion, excluding reverse 
repos (see note 2.3 of KBC Bank’s 2020 Annual Report). EUR 37.8 billion of the mortgage portfolio has been 
granted by the Belgium Business Unit, of which EUR 427 million has an indexed loan-to-value ratio of over 
100 per cent. (i.e. 0.27 per cent of the KBC Bank Group’s loans and advances to customers). This more 
vulnerable part of the mortgage portfolio is thus very limited. There are no foreign exchange loans granted 
through the Belgium Business Unit. 
 
The main sources of other credit risks are trading book securities, counterparty risk of derivatives and 
government securities. 
 
A more detailed breakdown of the KBC Bank Group’s loan portfolio, including information on impairments, 
can be found on pages 54 and following of KBC Bank’s 2020 Annual Report and on pages 45 and following of 
KBC Group’s Q3 2021 quarterly report, and the impact of the coronavirus can be found in Note 1.4 of the 
consolidated financial statements to KBC Bank’s 2020 Annual Report. More information on credit risks relating 
to trading book securities, counterparty risk of derivatives and government securities can be found on page 59 
of KBC Bank’s 2020 Annual Report. More information on credit risk management by CBC Banque can be 
found on pages 54 and following of CBC Banque’s 2020 Annual Report. KBC Bank’s 2020 Annual Report and 
CBC Banque’s 2020 Annual Report are incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus as set out in Section 
“DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE” on page 162 and following of this Base Prospectus. 
Operational risk (medium risk) 
The KBC Bank Group is exposed to a large array of operational risks, which are defined as risk of loss resulting 
from inadequate or failed internal processes and systems, human errors or sudden man-made or natural external 
events, that could give rise to material losses in services to customers and to loss or liability to the KBC Bank 
Group. These events can potentially result in financial loss, liability to customers, administrative fines, penalties 
and/or reputational damages. 
The KBC Bank Group endeavours to hedge such risks by implementing adequate systems, controls and

--- Page 28 ---
28 
 
processes tailored to its business. Nevertheless, it is possible that these measures prove to be ineffective in 
relation to operational risks to which the KBC Bank Group is exposed, including in crisis situations such as the 
COVID-19 pandemic (see above). 
The main operational risks of the KBC Bank Group are as follows (in order of importance): 
− 
Conduct and compliance risk: The risk of losses or sanctions due to failure (or the perceived failure) to 
comply with the statutory and regulatory codes of integrity and conduct or with internal policy in this 
regard and with the institution’s own values and codes of conduct in relation to the integrity of its 
activities. This also includes the current or prospective risk of losses arising from inappropriate supply 
of financial services, including cases of willful or negligent misconduct. Conduct risk covers many 
“hard” legal aspects, such as informing customers, providing the required transparency, avoiding 
misleading information and forced tying of products, selling the right product to the right customer and 
at the right time, conflicts of interest in doing business, manipulation of benchmarks, obstacles to 
changing financial products during their lifetime, automatic provision of products or unfair treatment of 
customers’ complaints. There are also softer aspects to include in conduct risk. These are based 
specifically on behaviour and are linked to people, culture and mindset. 
− Information security risk: The risk arising from loss, misuse, unauthorised disclosure or modification, 
inaccessibility, inaccuracy and damage of information. 
− IT (Information Technology) risk: The risk of losses resulting from misalignment between business and 
IT strategies, from the inability of IT to implement business and regulatory requirements in a timely 
manner or from unstable or unavailable IT services. 
− Process risk: The risk of losses caused by insufficient, badly designed or poorly implemented processes 
and processing controls and unintentional human errors or omissions during normal (transaction) 
processing. 
− Model risk: The risk of losses or potential for adverse consequences arising from decisions based on 
incorrect or misused model outputs and model reports. A distinction is made between model errors and 
wrong application of the model (e.g. use of outdated models). 
− Outsourcing risk and third party risk: Risks stemming from problems regarding continuity, integrity 
and/or quality of the activities outsourced to or partnered with third parties (whether or not within a 
group) or from the equipment or staff made available by these third parties. 
− Legal risk: The risk of losses caused by bad management of disputes, the inability to protect our 
intellectual property (“IP”), failure to manage (non-)contractual obligations or failure to timely and 
correctly detect, assess and implement legislation and regulations. 
− Fraud risk: The risk of deliberate abuse of procedures, systems, assets, products and/or services by one 
or more persons who intend to deceitfully or unlawfully benefit themselves or others. 
− Business continuity risk: The risk that business activities cannot be continued at an acceptable pre-
defined level resulting from the lack of a strategic and tactical capability of the organization to plan for 
and respond to serious (business) disruptions, crises or disasters. 
− Personal and physical security risk: The risk of losses arising from acts inconsistent with employment, 
health or safety laws or agreements, from personal injury claims, or from diversity / discrimination 
events. 
The KBC Bank Group continues to closely monitor operational risk also in the context of the coronavirus crisis. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, no major issues or incidents have been reported and operational losses 
remain well under control, due to appropriate actions being taken in all areas of operational risk, including 
intensified monitoring and management of cyber-attacks.

--- Page 29 ---
29 
 
Market risk in non-trading activities (medium risk) 
 
Market risk is defined as the potential negative deviation from the expected value of a financial instrument (or 
portfolio of such instruments) due to changes in the level or in the volatility of market prices (e.g. interest rates, 
exchange rates and equity or commodity prices). Market risk is related to trading (which can be found in the 
risk factor entitled “Market risk in trading activities” below) and non-trading activities. 
 
The KBC Bank Group is mainly exposed to interest rate risk, credit spread risk and equity price risk: 
− Interest rate risk is the potential negative deviation from the expected value of a financial instrument or 
portfolio due to changes in the level or in the volatility of interest rates. The value of interest bearing 
positions will decrease when market interest rates increase and vice-versa, unless the position contains 
inherent protection against such decrease, such as a variable or floating interest rate mechanism.  The 
KBC Bank Group estimates that, as at 31 December 2020, an increase of market interest rates by 10 
basis points would lead to a decrease of the value of the total portfolio by EUR -64 million. 
− Credit spread risk is the risk due to changes in the level or in the volatility of credit spreads. The value 
of our positions will decrease when credit spread increases, and vice-versa. This is mainly relevant for 
our portfolio of sovereign and non-sovereign bonds. As at 31 December 2020, the total carrying value 
(i.e., the amount at which an asset or liability is recognised in our accounts) of the KBC Bank Group’s 
sovereign and non-sovereign bond portfolio combined was EUR 51.51 billion. The KBC Bank Group 
estimates that an increase in credit spread of 100 basis points across the entire curve would lead to a 
theoretical negative economic impact of EUR 0.66 billion on the value of both portfolios combined. 
− Equity risk is the risk due to changes in the level or in the volatility of equity prices. The total value of 
the KBC Bank Group’s equity portfolio as at 31 December 2020 was EUR 0.27 billion. The KBC Bank 
Group estimates that a 25% drop in equity prices would have a negative impact of EUR -59 million on 
the value of this portfolio. 
More information regarding market risks in non-trading activities of the KBC Bank Group, and interest rate 
risk, credit spread risk and equity risk of KBC Bank specifically, can be found on pages 60 and following of 
KBC Bank’s 2020 Annual Report. More information on credit risks relating to trading book securities, 
counterparty risk of derivatives and government securities can be found on page 59 of KBC Bank’s 2020 Annual 
Report. More information regarding market risks of CBC Banque can be found on pages 48 and following of 
CBC Banque’s 2020 Annual Report. KBC Bank’s 2020 Annual Report and CBC Banque’s 2020 Annual Report 
are incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus as set out in Section “DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED 
BY REFERENCE”. 
The COVID-19 pandemic increased the ‘low-for-longer’ sentiment, meaning that interest rates remained at a 
low level, depressing interest income. Low interest rates are seen as a factor boosting equity prices and lowering 
credit spreads. An uptick in interest rates may therefore have a negative impact on equity markets and on credit 
spreads. In the context of the post-pandemic recovery, inflation is rising across the globe mainly linked to supply 
shortages which are at point deemed to be temporary. If they would be more sustained, this could result in more 
structural inflation and higher interest rates. 
Liquidity risk (low risk) 
Liquidity risk is the risk that the KBC Bank Group will be unable to meet its liabilities and obligations as they 
come due, without incurring higher-than-expected costs. 
Regulation (EU) 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013 on prudential 
requirements for credit institutions and investment firms, as last amended by Regulation (EU) 2020/873 of 24 
June 2020, and as may be further amended or replaced from time to time (“CRR”) and CRD  requires the KBC 
Bank Group to meet targets set for the Basel III liquidity related ratios, i.e., (i) the liquidity coverage ratio 
(“LCR”) which requires banks to hold sufficient unencumbered high quality liquid assets to withstand a 30-day

--- Page 30 ---
30 
 
stressed funding scenario and (ii) the net stable funding ratio (“NSFR”) which is calculated as the ratio of an 
institution’s amount of available stable funding to its amount of required stable funding. Any failure of the KBC 
Bank Group to meet the liquidity ratios could result in administrative actions or sanctions or it ultimately being 
subject to any resolution action. 
Due to the challenges for the economy posed by the crisis resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic, the European 
Central Bank (“ECB”) decided in March 2020 to allow credit institutions to use the liquidity buffers. The ECB 
launched the targeted longer-term refinancing operation in June 2020 (TLTRO III), to support the real economy, 
in which the KBC Bank Group participated. The KBC Bank Group’s liquidity figures remained very strong at 
any moment evidenced by an NSFR of 146% and an 12-month average LCR of 147% per end December 2020. 
Please also refer to the section entitled “Liquidity risk” on pages 75 to 77 of KBC Bank’s 2020 Annual Report 
and the section entitled “Risque de liquidité” (Liquidity risk) on pages 11 and 51 of CBC Banque’s 2020 Annual 
Report. KBC Bank’s 2020 Annual Report and CBC Banque’s 2020 Annual Report are incorporated by reference 
into this Base Prospectus as set out in the Section “DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE”. 
Liquidity risk can be sub-divided in contingency liquidity risk, structural liquidity risk and operational liquidity 
risk. 
Contingency liquidity risk is the risk occurring when the KBC Bank Group may not be able to attract additional 
funds or replace maturing liabilities under stressed market conditions. This risk, assessed on the basis of liquidity 
stress tests, relates to changes to the liquidity buffer of a bank under extreme stressed scenarios. 
Structural liquidity risk is the risk occurring when the KBC Bank Group’s long-term assets and liabilities might 
not be (re)financed on time or can only be refinanced at a higher-than-expected cost. Typical for banking 
operations, funding sources generally have a shorter maturity than the assets that are funded, leading to a 
negative net liquidity gap in the shorter time buckets and a positive net liquidity gap in the longer-term buckets. 
This creates liquidity risk if the KBC Bank Group would be unable to renew maturing short-term funding. 
Operational liquidity risk is the risk occurring when the KBC Bank Group’s operational liquidity management 
cannot ensure that a sufficient buffer is available at all times to deal with extreme liquidity events in which no 
wholesale funding can be rolled over. 
Besides a liquidity risk management framework and a funding management framework, standards for stress 
testing and policies on the internal liquidity adequacy assessment process (“ILAAP”), collateral management, 
use of public funding sources and intraday liquidity management are also in place to steer the overall liquidity 
risk management process of the KBC Bank Group. 
Stressed or extreme market conditions as mentioned above can be triggered for example by the COVID-19 
pandemic. So far, the liquidity position of the KBC Bank Group has been able to withstand the stress of the 
coronavirus crisis and remains very strong. A coronavirus stress test indicates that a prolonged stress period can 
be overcome by the KBC Bank Group. 
Market risk in trading activities (low risk) 
The KBC Bank Group is exposed to market risks via the trading activities of its dealing rooms in Belgium, the 
Czech Republic, Slovakia, Bulgaria and Hungary, as well as via a minor presence in the United Kingdom and 
Asia. Wherever possible and practical, the residual trading positions of the KBC Bank Group’s foreign entities 
are systematically transferred to KBC Bank, reflecting that the KBC Bank Group’s trading activity is managed 
centrally both from a business and a risk management perspective. Consequently, KBC Bank holds about 96% 
of the trading-book-related regulatory capital of the KBC Bank Group. 
Market risk exposures in the trading book are measured by the Historical Value-at-Risk (“HVaR”) method, 
which is defined as an estimate of the amount of economic value that might be lost due to market risk over a 
defined holding period. The KBC Bank Group uses the historical simulation method, based on patterns of 
experience over the previous two years. The KBC Bank Group’s HVaR estimate, calculated on the basis of a

--- Page 31 ---
31 
 
one-day holding period, was EUR 8 million as at 31 December 2020, and varied between EUR 4 million and 
EUR 11 million during the financial year of 2020.  
Credit ratings (low risk) 
The credit ratings of the KBC Bank Group are important to maintain access to key markets and trading 
counterparties. Please also refer to the section entitled “Corporate structure, share capital and credit ratings” on 
page 44 of this Base Prospectus for an overview of the KBC Bank Group’s current credit ratings. 
Any failure by the KBC Bank Group to maintain its credit ratings could adversely impact the competitive 
position of the KBC Bank Group, make entering into hedging transactions more difficult and increase borrowing 
costs or limit access to the capital markets or the ability of the KBC Bank Group to engage in funding 
transactions. In connection with certain trading agreements, the KBC Bank Group might also be required, if its 
current ratings are not maintained, to provide additional collateral. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus the long-term debt ratings remained the same for the KBC Bank Group 
as they were at the start of the coronavirus crisis (notwithstanding, the Moody’s long-term debt rating has been 
downgraded but driven by methodology changes applied by Moody’s). 
Capital adequacy (low risk) 
The requirements of Directive 2013/36/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013 on 
access to the activity of credit institutions and the prudential supervision of credit institutions and investment 
firms, as last amended by Directive (EU) 2021/1338 of 16 February 2021 and as may be further amended or 
replaced from time to time (“CRD”) include a capital conservation buffer and, in certain circumstances, a 
systemic buffer and/or a countercyclical buffer which come on top of the minimum requirements. These 
additional requirements have an impact on the Issuers and their operations, as it imposes higher capital 
requirements. 
Due to the challenges for the economy posed by the coronavirus crisis, the ECB decided in March 2020 to allow 
credit institutions to operate temporarily below the level of capital defined by the pillar 2 guidance (“P2G”), 
and the capital conservation buffer. These temporary measures were enhanced by the appropriate release of the 
countercyclical capital buffer by the NBB. Various local competent authorities in the KBC Bank Group’s core 
markets also decided to release the countercyclical capital buffer.Any failure of the Issuers to meet the regulatory 
capital ratios could result in administrative actions or sanctions or it ultimately being subject to any resolution 
action.  
Please refer to the section “3.10 Banking supervision and regulation” in the section “INFORMATION 
RELATING TO THE ISSUERs” as from page 66 of this Base Prospectus in which a broader overview of the 
capital adequacy requirements is provided. 
2. Risk factors relating to the Warrants 
Capitalised terms used in this section will have the meanings ascribed to them in the Warrant Conditions. 
2.1. General risks relating to the nature of the Warrants 
Warrants track the value of the Underlying and involve a high degree of risk and investors must be prepared 
to sustain a total loss of their invested amounts (high)  
The repayment of any amount invested in Warrants and any return on investment is variable and not guaranteed. 
Unlike a savings account or similar investment with little or no capital risk, Warrants may potentially have a 
greater return but there is a greater risk of loss of capital. Warrant Holders risk losing their entire investment if 
the Underlying does not perform as anticipated. This is because the Warrants are designed to track the price or 
level of the Underlying. Pursuant to a leverage effect (see the section entited “The value and Trading Price of 
the Warrants are influenced by various factors and any of these can have a significant adverse effect on the

--- Page 32 ---
32 
 
price or value of the Warrants”, indent “leverage effect” below), the occurrence of fluctuations or the non-
occurrence of anticipated fluctuations in the Value of the Underlying will disproportionately affect the Warrant 
Value. As a result thereof the Warrant Value will be adversely affected and in a worst case scenario become 
zero as well. Investors in the Warrants would then lose all of their invested amounts.  
An investment in Warrants is not the same as an investment in the Underlying and does not provide the Warrant 
Holder (prior to the Exercise of the Warrants) with any of the rights that a holder of the Underlying may have 
(such as voting rights and rights to receive dividends). 
The Warrants are not covered by the Belgian deposit protection scheme. 
A Warrant comprises a derivative and the value of and return on investment in the Warrants is subject to 
significant fluctuations (high) 
A Warrant is an asset which, other factors held constant, tends to decline in value over time and which becomes 
worthless if it cannot be Exercised prior to its expiry. Prospective Warrant Holders should be experienced with 
respect to options and option transactions and should understand the risks of transactions involving the relevant 
Warrants on the basis of this Prospectus. 
The risk of loss of some or all of the purchase price of a Warrant upon expiration means that, in order to recover 
and realize a return upon its investment, a Warrant Holder must be correct about the direction, timing and 
magnitude of an anticipated change in the Value of the Underlying. Assuming all other factors are held constant, 
the more a Warrant is ‘out-of-the-money’ (meaning that the Value of the Underlying that can be acquired upon 
Exercise of the Warrant is below the Exercise Price of the Warrant) and the shorter its remaining term to 
expiration, the greater the risk that holder of such Warrants will lose all or part of its investment.  
In addition, Warrant Holders should consider that the return on the investment in Warrants is reduced by the 
costs in connection with the purchase, exercise and/or sale of the Warrants.  
Warrant Holders may be required to absorb losses in the event the relevant Issuer becomes non-viable or 
were to fail (medium/low) 
Warrant Holders may lose their investment in case the Issuer were to become non-viable or fail. In such 
circumstances and aside from parts of the Issuer that can still go through normal insolvency proceedings, 
resolution authorities may require senior debt instruments to be bailed-in, including (without limitation) the 
Warrants issued prior to the date of this Base Prospectus.  
In order to safeguard financial stability and minimize taxpayers’ exposure to losses, BRRD1, as transposed into 
Belgian law by the Law of 25 April 2014 on the status and supervision of credit institutions (the “Banking 
Law”), and any other law or regulation relating to the transposition of Directive 2014/59/EU under Belgian law, 
includes a “bail-in” tool in relation to unsecured debt (including the Warrants) and a statutory “write-down and 
conversion power” in relation to regulatory capital instruments. These powers allow resolution authorities to 
write down the claims of unsecured creditors (including the rights of Warrant Holders) of a failing institution in 
order to recapitalize the institution by allocating losses to its shareholders and unsecured creditors, or to convert 
debt into equity, as a means of restoring the institution’s capital position.   
The bail-in power includes the power to cancel a liability or modify the terms of contracts for the purposes of 
reducing or deferring the liabilities of the relevant financial institution and the power to convert a liability from 
one form to another, all with a view to recapitalizing the failing credit institution. 
 
1  
Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014 establishing a framework for the recovery and resolution 
of credit institutions and investment firms and amending various EU Directives and Regulations, as amended by Directive (EU) 2017/2399 
(BRRD).

--- Page 33 ---
33 
 
The Resolution Authority (which for the KBC Bank Group means the EU Single Resolution Board together 
with the resolution committee of the NBB) has the power to bail-in (i.e. write down or convert) senior debt such 
as the Warrants, after having written down or converted tier 1 capital instruments and tier 2 capital instruments. 
On 31 December 2020, KBC Bank’s tier 1 and tier 2 capital amounted to EUR 17.8 billion in total and CBC 
Banque’s tier 1 and tier 2 capital amounted to EUR 707.2 million. 
The bail-in power enables the Resolution Authority to recapitalize a failed institution by allocating losses to its 
shareholders and unsecured creditors (including holders of the Warrants) in a manner which is consistent with 
the hierarchy of claims in an insolvency of a relevant financial institution. BRRD contains certain safeguards 
which provide that shareholders and creditors that are subject to any write down or conversion should in 
principle not incur greater losses than they would have incurred had the relevant financial institution been wound 
up under normal insolvency proceedings.  
Potential investors in the Warrants should consider the risk that a Warrant Holder may lose all of the invested 
amounts, if such statutory loss absorption measures are acted upon or that the Warrants may be converted into 
ordinary shares of the Issuer.  
Warrant Holders may have limited rights or no rights to challenge any decision to exercise such powers or to 
have that decision reviewed by a judicial or administrative process or otherwise. 
The Warrants are not debt securities and do not pay any interest (low) 
The terms of the Warrants differ from those of ordinary debt securities. The Warrants do not entitle the holder 
of the Warrants to receive a coupon payment or dividend yield and therefore do not constitute a regular source 
of income. Possible losses in connection with an investment in the Warrants can therefore not be compensated 
by other income from the Warrants.  
Warrants are unsecured obligations and Warrant Holders are exposed to credit risk against the relevant 
Issuer (medium/low) 
The Warrants are direct, unconditional, unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the relevant Issuer and will 
rank pari passu with all present and future unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer, without any 
preference among themselves and without any preference one above the other by reason of priority of date of 
issue, any currency of payment or otherwise, except for obligations given priority by the applicable law. 
The Warrants will not be secured by the Underlying to which such Warrant is linked. The Warrant Holder will 
not have recourse to any Underlying or any other security/collateral if the relevant Issuer does not perform its 
obligations under the Warrants. 
The Warrant Holder bears the risk that the financial situation of the relevant Issuer declines or that insolvency 
or bankruptcy proceedings are instituted against the Issuer and that as a result the Issuer cannot fulfil its 
obligations under the Warrants (the Issuer’s credit risk). If the relevant Issuer were insolvent or defaulted on its 
obligations under the Warrants, in the worst case scenario, investors in the Warrants could lose all of their 
invested amounts.  
The value and Trading Price of the Warrants are influenced by various factors and any of these can have a 
significant adverse effect on the price or value of the Warrants (high) 
The difference between the Value of the Underlying that can be acquired upon Exercise of the Warrant and the 
Exercise Price (such difference constituting the Intrinsic Value of the Warrant) at any time prior to the Expiration 
Date is typically expected to be less than the Trading Price of the Warrant at such time. The difference between 
the Intrinsic Value and the Trading Price will reflect, among other things, the Time Value of a Warrant, which 
reflects the upward potential of the Value of the Underlying before the end of the Exercise Period. The Time

--- Page 34 ---
34 
 
Value of a Warrant will depend partly upon the length of the Exercise Period remaining to Expiration Date (as 
well as on certain of the other factors affecting the Warrant Value mentioned below).  
Pursuant to what is set out above, at any time a Warrant Holder intends to exercise or sell a Warrant, it will be 
exposed to the following valuation and pricing factors that may affect the value of the Warrant: (i) the Value 
and volatility of the Underlying; (ii) the time remaining to the Expiration Date; (iii) the components of the 
Underlying; (iv) the dividends of the components of the Underlying; (v) any change in interest rates (if 
applicable); (vi) any change in currency exchange rates (if applicable); (vii) the depth of the market or liquidity 
of the Underlying and (viii) any related transaction costs. As a result of such factors, the price at which Warrant 
Holder may be able to Sell a Warrant prior to its Expiration Date may be less than the initial amount invested in 
the Warrant. Each of these factors interrelate in complex ways (for example, one factor may offset an increase 
in trading value of the Warrant caused by another factor).  
Investors are at risk that the Warrant Value may be adversely affected by one or more of the following factors:  
− Fluctuations in Value of the Underlying: Fluctuations in Value of the Underlying may affect the Warrant 
Value. The Value of the Underlying may vary over time and may increase or decrease by reference to 
a variety of factors which may include corporate actions, macro-economic factors and speculation. 
− Volatility of the Underlying: If the size and frequency of market fluctuations of the Underlying decreases 
the trading value of the Warrants would likely decrease. 
− Time remaining to the Expiration Date: The Warrants may trade at a price above that which would be 
expected based on the level of the Value of the Underlying. Any such difference will reflect the Time 
value resulting from the length of the Exercise Period remaining prior to the Expiration Date. An 
investor in the Warrants should be aware of the risk that, as the time remaining to the Expiration Date 
of the Warrants decreases, the Time Value would likely decrease, which would adversely affect the 
value of the Warrants. If all other circumstances remain equal, the value of the Warrants will in principle 
be decreasing overtime. 
− Interest rates: Changes in interest rates will have a direct impact on the Time Value of the Warrants and 
hence have an impact on the Warrant Value. Changes in interest rates may also affect the economy of a 
country in which the Underlying is traded, which may adversely affect the Warrant Value 
− Dividend rates: An investor in the Warrants is subject to the risk that changes in dividend or other 
distribution rates on the Underlying may adversely affect the trading price of the Warrants.  
− Currency rates: Rising quoted currency rates may lower the value of the Warrants. Changes in currency 
rates may also affect the economy of a country in which the underlying is traded, and which may 
adversely affect the value of the Warrants. 
− Leverage effect: Finally, investors should also consider the leverage effect of Warrants which can be 
explained as follows: the relatively lower investment required to obtain a Warrant (compared to a direct 
investment in the relevant Underlying) will allow the Warrant Holder, for a same investment amount, 
to invest in a relatively higher number of Warrants. Whereas it is normal for prices of a Warrant to move 
in parallel with the prices of the Underlying, the investment of an equal amount in Warrants compared 
to a direct investment in the Underlying will result in larger gains on the Warrants in the event the price 
of the Underlying increases, but also larger losses in case such price decreases. 
The value of the Underlying may rapidly and/or significantly vary and this could have a significant adverse 
effect on the value or price of the Warrants (high) 
As part of the valuation mechanism, Warrants may specify a Valuation Time and an Exchange and Related 
Exchange in which the Value of the Underlying is to be observed. Depending on how the Value of the 
Underlying is calculated, the Value of such Underlying may fluctuate throughout the Scheduled Trading Day,

--- Page 35 ---
35 
 
and may change rapidly. As a result, investors should note that return on any Warrants may be particularly 
sensitive to the choice of Valuation Times and valuation methods. The “price discovery” mechanism used to 
ascertain the Value of the Underlying at any given time on Exchanges or other venues may not be uniform 
throughout the trading day. This may affect the valuation of any issuance of Warrants. For example, Exchanges 
may conduct auctions to set an opening or closing price, and trading characteristics and participants in after-
hours trading sessions may differ from those during regular hour sessions. 
A Warrant which is not Exercised prior to or on the Expiration Date by the Warrant Holder, shall become 
void and expire worthless (low) 
Prior to the Expiration Date, a Warrant grants the Warrant Holder a right of (i) Exercise of the Warrant; (ii) Sale 
of the Warrant to a third party in the open market; and (iii) Sale of the Warrant to the Issuer. In case the Warrant 
Holder would not Exercise the Warrants to acquire an Entitlement at a predetermined Exercise Price during a 
predetermined Exercise Period or would not exercise its right to sell its Warrants to a third party or to the Issuer 
prior to or on the Expiration Date, the Warrants will become void and expire worthless.  
The Warrant Holders may be bound by certain determinations and calculations made by the Issuer or an 
Agent’s discretion (low) 
Certain determinations and calculations under the Programme and the Warrant Conditions will be made by any 
of the Issuers, the Warrant Agent or the Calculation Agent acting in good faith. Accordingly, an investor in the 
Warrants is subject to the risk that such determinations and calculations under the Warrants are conclusively 
determined by one party which may be the Issuer itself and any of its Affiliates and the investor cannot object 
to such calculation or determination. Such situation could result in a potential conflict of interest in the person 
of the Warrant Agent (see also below the risk factor entitled “Potential conflicts of interest”). 
Furthermore, if a Potential Adjustment Event, De-listing, Merger Event, Nationalisation, Insolvency or, if 
Tender Offer is specified as applying in the Applicable Final Terms in respect of a particular Series of Warrants, 
a Tender Offer, occurs, prospective purchasers should note that the Warrants may be subject to either (i) 
adjustment by the Calculation Agent; or (ii) in the case of a De-listing, Merger Event, Nationalisation, 
Insolvency or Tender Offer, the Issuer may also cancel the Warrants as provided in the Warrant Conditions.  
Trading or hedging transactions by the Issuers may have an adverse effect on the price of the Warrants (low)  
The Issuers may in the course of their  normal business activities engage in trading in the Underlying. In addition, 
the Issuers may conclude transactions in order to hedge themselves partially or completely against the risks 
associated with the issue of the Warrants. These activities of the Issuers may have an influence on the market 
price of the Warrants. A possible negative impact of the conclusion or dissolution of these transactions on the 
Warrant Value cannot be excluded. 
As the Issue Price may include commissions and costs, a Warrant Holder may not be able to sell its Warrants 
at a price higher than the Issue Price (low) 
The original Issue Price of the Warrants may include certain commissions or fees charged by the Issuers and/or 
the Dealer(s). Accordingly, there is a risk that upon issue, the price, if any, at which the Issuers, the Dealer(s) or 
their affiliates would be willing to purchase Warrants from the Warrant Holder in the secondary market would 
be lower than the original Issue Price or the market price or quoted level of the Underlying.  
The Warrants may not be a suitable hedging instrument against the market risk associated with the 
Underlying (low/medium) 
Investors intending to invest in the Warrants to hedge against the market risk associated with investing in an 
Underlying should recognize that there is a risk that the Warrant Value may not exactly correlate with the Value 
of the related Underlying.

--- Page 36 ---
36 
 
This is, in part, due to fluctuating supply of and demand for the Warrants and any transaction and other costs 
reflected in the Warrant Value of the Warrants. For these reasons, among others, it may not be possible to 
purchase or Exercise Warrants at the prices calculated on basis of the Value of any Underlying to which such 
Warrant relates. Accordingly, investors who invest in Warrants as a means of hedging may be exposed to risks 
arising out of such differences in value.  
In the event of a Market Disruption Event, the calculation of the Underlying may be postponed or adjusted 
(low) 
Investors in the Warrants are subject to the risk that a Market Disruption Event will occur. A Market Disruption 
Event may occur in respect of a listed Underlying if, in respect of a relevant stock exchange or as determined 
by the Calculation Agent: there is an early closure without notice; limitations are imposed on trading; trading is 
suspended; or market participants are prevented from obtaining valuations or effecting transactions. If the 
Calculation Agent determines that a Market Disruption Event has occurred, any consequential postponement of 
or adjustment of valuation provided in any Underlying may have an adverse effect on the Warrant Value of such 
Warrants. 
In the event of a Settlement Disruption Event, the delivery of the Underlying may be postponed or replaced 
by a cash settlement (low) 
If, following the Exercise of a Warrant, a Settlement Disruption Event occurs or exists on the Delivery Date of 
the Underlying, delivery of the Underlying will be postponed until the third Business Day following the date on 
which no Settlement Disruption Event occurs.  
The Issuers may in these circumstances also have the right to pay the Disruption Cash Settlement Price in lieu 
of delivering the Underlying. 
The Value of the Underlying may fluctuate during the period the Settlement Disruption Event continues and 
hence the investor in the Warrant is exposed that the Value of the Underlying during such period decreases. 
In case of illiquidity it may be impossible to deliver the Underlying (low) 
If Failure to Deliver is specified as applying in the Applicable Final Terms and, following the Exercise of 
relevant Warrant(s), the Calculation Agent establishes it is impossible to deliver, when due, some or all of the 
Underlying(s) comprising the Entitlement (the “Affected Underlyings”) due to illiquidity in the market for the 
Underlying, then 
(i) 
the Issuers will only deliver any Underlyings which are not Affected Underlyings and the 
Calculation Agent shall determine the Actual Exercise Price to be paid by the relevant Warrant 
Holder(s) in respect of that partial delivery; and 
(ii) 
in respect of any Affected Underlyings, in lieu of physical delivery, the Issuers will satisfy their  
obligations by payment to the relevant Warrant Holder(s) of the Failure to Deliver Settlement 
Price.   
Additional Disruption Event (low) 
The Issuers may specify in the Final Terms any of the following Additional Disruption Events: “Change in 
Law”, “Hedging Disruption”, “Increased Cost of Hedging”, “Increased Cost of Stock Borrow”, “Loss of Stock 
Borrow”, “Insolvency Filing”, “ETF Cross-contamination” (in the case of ETF Linked Warrants), “ETF 
Insolvency Event” (in the case of ETF Linked Warrants), “ETF Modification” (in the case of ETF Linked 
Warrants), “ETF Regulatory Action” (in the case of ETF Linked Warrants), and/or “ETF Strategy Breach” (in 
the case of ETF Linked Warrants) as an Additional Disruption Event.

--- Page 37 ---
37 
 
Warrant Holders should note that Additional Disruption Events may occur in relation to the relevant Warrants 
in certain circumstances described in the Warrant Conditions. If an Additional Disruption Event occurs, the 
Issuers may take the action described in (i) or (ii) below: 
(i) 
in the first instance, require the Calculation Agent to determine the appropriate adjustment, if 
any, to be made to one or more of the Entitlement and/or the Exercise Price and/or the Actual 
Exercise Price and/or any of the other terms of these Warrant Conditions and/or the Applicable 
Final Terms to account for the Additional Disruption Event and determine the effective date of 
that adjustment; or 
(ii) 
if the adjustment under (i) would not reasonably result in a repair of the contractual equilibrium 
(in line with the initially agreed terms of the Warrants), cancel the Warrants and pay an amount 
to each Warrant Holder based on the Fair Market Value of a Warrant taking into account the 
Additional Disruption Event, as the case may be, plus, if already paid, the Actual Exercise Price, 
the Exercise Cost and the Exercise Expenses, all as determined by the Calculation Agent.  
In such case the Warrant Holders may suffer a loss of some or all of their investment and may forgo any 
appreciation in the Underlying that may occur following such Additional Disruption Event.  
To the extent that the Warrant Holder is a Consumer, any adjustment pursuant to Warrant Condition (22) may 
not relate to an essential feature of the Warrants, unless: (a) in the case of the occurrence of (i) a force majeure 
event or (ii) an event which substantially alters the economics of the contract as initially agreed between the 
parties and which is not attributable to the Issuers, (b) any such adjustment does not create an obvious imbalance 
between the rights and obligations of the parties to the detriment of the Warrant Holder, and (c) the Issuers donot 
charge costs to the Warrant Holder for any such adjustment. “Hedging Disruption”, “Increased Cost of 
Hedging”, “Increased Cost of Stock Borrow” and/or “Loss of Stock Borrow” are Additional Disruption Events 
that will not be applicable to the extent that the Warrant Holder is a Consumer. 
Dematerialised Warrants are subject to the risks of the settlement procedures of the Securities Settlement 
System (low) 
The Dematerialised Warrants will be represented exclusively by book entries in the records of Securities 
Settlement System and will be held by the Warrant Holder (or its successor or transferee) through a securities 
account with KBC Bank or CBC Banque (as applicable), or with a direct or indirect participant in the Securities 
Settlement System. In case of transfers of Dematerialised Warrants between investors, the investors will have 
to rely on the procedures of the Securities Settlement System and the Securities Settlement System participants 
for settlement of such transfers. Transfers of Dematerialised Warrants are subject to the risk of those settlement 
procedures failing and that book entries in the records of the Securities Settlement System (or of the participants) 
are entered incorrectly which may lead to difficulties for an investor asserting ownership of its Warrants.  
Tax laws of the investors’ jurisdiction and of the Issuers’ jurisdiction may have an impact on the value and 
liquidity of and return on the Warrants (low) 
Withholding tax, income and capital gains tax, tax on stock exchange transactions, tax on securities accounts, 
financial transaction taxes and other present and future taxes imposed in the investor’s or the Issuers’ jurisdiction 
may affect the value and liquidity of and return on the Warrants. See Section “TAXATION” on page 150 for an 
overview of certain Belgian tax aspects relating to the Warrants (but note that such overview is not exhaustive 
and does not cover tax aspects of any other jurisdiction).  
2.2 
Risks related to the Underlying 
Exposure to the Underlying (medium) 
Following Exercise of the Warrant and delivery of the Entitlement, the Warrant Holder will be directly exposed

--- Page 38 ---
38 
 
to any fluctuation in the Value of the Underlying. Furthermore, in order to obtain any cash (return) from its 
investment following the Exercise of the Warrant, the investor will need to be able to sell the Underlying in the 
open market, in which case it will be exposed to any illiquidity in the market for the Underlying. Furthermore, 
the investor will need to bear any costs, expenses and/or taxes that would be incurred in respect of the sale of 
such Underlying, and will hence be exposed to the risk that its return will be lower than its initial investment in 
the Warrant, or bear the risk that it will lose its entire investment.  
Potential conflicts of interest (low) 
The Issuers (or their Affiliates) may also engage in trading activities (including hedging activities) related to the 
Underlying and other instruments or derivative products based on or related to the Underlying for their 
proprietary accounts or for other accounts under their management. The Issuers may also issue other derivative 
instruments in respect of the Underlying. The Issuer may also act as underwriter in connection with future 
offerings of the Underlying or other securities related to the Underlying or may act as financial adviser to certain 
companies or in a commercial banking capacity for certain companies. Such activities could present certain 
conflicts of interest, could influence the prices of the Underlying or other securities referring to the Underlying 
and could adversely affect the value of such Warrants. In case the Calculation Agent should make determinations 
and calculations in respect of the Warrants, the Calculation Agent shall act at all times in good faith and a 
commercially reasonable manner, but not necessarily in the interest of the Warrant Holder.  
Any Affiliates of the Issuers may have existing or future business relationships with the Underlying and will 
pursue actions and take steps that they deem necessary or appropriate to protect their interests arising therefrom 
without regard to the consequences for a Warrant Holder. 
Where the Underlying is an Underlying ETF Share, there may be divergence from its underlying share or 
index (low) 
Where the Warrants are linked to an ETF and the investment objective of such ETF is to track the performance 
of a share or index, the investors in such Warrants are exposed to the performance of such Underlying ETF 
Share rather than the underlying share or index such Underlying ETF Share tracks. For certain reasons, including 
to comply with certain tax and regulatory constraints, an ETF may not be able to track or replicate the underlying 
share (or any constituent thereof) or index, which could give rise to a difference between the performance of the 
underlying share or index and such Underlying ETF Share. Accordingly, investors who purchase Warrants that 
are linked to an ETF may receive a lower return than if such investors had invested in the share or the index 
underlying such Underlying ETF Share directly. 
Action by ETF Adviser, ETF Administrator or sponsor of an ETF may adversely affect ETF Linked 
Warrants (low) 
Any relevant ETF Adviser, ETF Administrator or sponsor of an ETF will have no involvement in the offer and 
sale of the ETF Linked Warrants and will have no obligation to any investor in such Warrants. Any such ETF 
Adviser, ETF Administrator or sponsor of an ETF may take any actions in respect of such ETF without regard 
to the interests of the Warrant Holders, and any of these actions could adversely affect the market value of the 
Warrants. 
2.3 
Risks related to the market generally 
Possible illiquidity of the Warrants in the Secondary Market (low) 
It is not possible to predict the price at which Warrants will trade in the secondary market or whether such 
market will be liquid or illiquid. The Issuers may, but are  not obliged to (except to the extent that the Issuer acts 
as market-maker for an issue of Warrants admitted to trading on Euronext Brussels), at any time purchase 
Warrants at any price in the open market or by tender or private treaty. Any Warrants so purchased may be held 
or resold or surrendered for cancellation. Even if the Issuers are market-makers for an issue of Warrants, the

--- Page 39 ---
39 
 
secondary market for such Warrants may be limited. To the extent that an issue of Warrants becomes illiquid, 
an investor may have to exercise such Warrants to realize value. 
 
Exchange rate risks and exchange controls (low) 
In the event of Exercising the Warrants or Selling the Warrants to the Issuers, the Warrant Holder will pay the 
Actual Exercise Price or the Issuers will pay the Sale Price in the specified Currency provided in the Applicable 
Final Terms (the “Specified Currency”). This presents certain risks relating to currency conversions if the 
Underlying is denominated principally in a currency or currency unit other than the Specified Currency (the 
“Underlying Currency”). These include the risk that exchange rates may significantly change (including 
changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or revaluation of the Underlying Currency) and the risk 
that authorities with jurisdiction over the Underlying Currency may impose or modify exchange controls.  
If an investor anticipates that it will need to convert payments made to it under the Warrants to it into a currency 
of its choice, then the investor is subject to the risk that the currency conversion rate which it must pay for 
exchanging the obtained currency into the chosen currency becomes less attractive and therefore decreased the 
realisable value of its investment. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose exchange controls that could adversely affect an applicable 
exchange rate. As a result, the amount that investors may receive from the Issuers in the event of selling the 
Warrants back to the Issuers may be less than expected or zero. 
There may be no active trading market for the Warrants (medium) 
Upon the choice of the Warrant Holder, the form of a Registered Warrant can be changed by a process of 
dematerialisation into a Dematerialised Warrants with a view of trading the relevant Warrant on Euronext 
Brussels. The Issuers have filed an application to have Warrants issued under the Programme listed and admitted 
to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Brussels. If the Warrants are admitted to trading after their 
issuance, they may trade at a discount to their initial offering price, depending upon prevailing interest rates, the 
market for similar securities, general economic conditions and the financial condition of the Issuers. There is no 
assurance that an active trading market will develop. Accordingly, there is no assurance as to the development 
or liquidity of any trading market for the Warrants. Furthermore, it cannot be guaranteed that a listing once 
approved will be maintained. 
3. Risk factors relating to the Hedging Options 
Capitalised terms used in this section will have the meanings ascribed to them in the Hedging Option Conditions. 
3.1. General risks relating to the nature of the Hedging Options   
Hedging Options track the value of the Underlying and involve a high degree of risk. Investors must be 
prepared to sustain the total loss of their invested amounts (high) 
The repayment of any amount invested in Hedging Options and any return on investment is variable and not 
guaranteed (other than the Guaranteed Benefit). Unlike a savings account or similar investment with little or 
no capital risk, Hedging Options may potentially have a greater return but there is a greater risk of loss of 
capital. Hedging Option Holders risk losing their entire investment, apart from the Guaranteed Benefit, if the 
Underlying does not perform as anticipated. This is because the Hedging Options are designed to track the price 
or level of the Underlying.  
An investment in Hedging Options is not the same as an investment in the Underlying and does not provide the 
Hedging Options Holder with any of the rights that a holder of the components of the Underlying may have 
(such as voting rights and rights to receive dividends). 
The Hedging Options are not covered by the Belgian deposit protection scheme.

--- Page 40 ---
40 
 
Hedging Options do not bear any interest.  
Hedging Options require the Hedging Option Holder to put in place (a) BestOf Share Option Plan(s) (low) 
Investors will be required to put in place a BestOf Share Option Plan(s) to reward employees of the purchaser 
for their professional performance by delivering underlying shares at a certain price. The purchase is therefore 
subject to a risk of capital losses if the market moves away from the agreed price under the BestOf Share Option 
Plan.   
Hedging Options represent a contractual claim against the relevant Issuer (medium/low) 
A Hedging Option constitutes a contractual claim against the Issuer.  A register will be held by the Issuer (or by 
the Hedging Option Agent on its behalf) (the “Hedging Options Register”) recording holdings of the Hedging 
Option in the name of the relevant Hedging Option Holder. KBC Bank and CBC Banque do not charge any fees 
for the creation and maintenance of the Hedging Options Register.  
As a direct, unconditional, subordinated and unsecured obligation against the Issuer, the claim of a Hedging 
Option holder will rank at all times on the same basis with all other present and future unsecured obligations of 
the Issuer, without any preference by reason of priority of date of issue, any currency or payment or otherwise 
unless allowed under applicable law. For example, a Hedging Option Holder who holds the same amount in the 
same Series as another Hedging Option Holder will have the same claim against the Issuer notwithstanding that 
the former Hedging Option Holder purchased their Hedging Options later in time than the latter.  
Hedging Options may not be a perfect hedge to liabilities under the BestOf Share Option Plan(s) (low) 
The Underlying of the Hedging Options will be similar but is not guaranteed to be the same as the underlying 
shares in the BestOf Share Option Plan. To this extent, the purchaser of the Hedging Options will not have a 
“perfect” hedge to the extent that that the purchaser may still be subject to capital losses associated with meeting 
its obligations in the BestOf Share Option Plan notwithstanding the Exercise of the Hedging Options and agrees 
to be bound by the Hedging Option Conditions and Applicable Final Terms.   
European Style Call Option which, if not Exercised, becomes void and without value (low) 
The Hedging Options are European-style call options meaning that they are automatically Exercised for so far 
as they have an Intrinsic Value on the Expiration Date. On the Expiration Date, any Hedging Options not yet 
Terminated will be automatically exercised and settled in cash for so far as they have an Intrinsic Value.  
A Hedging Option which is not automatically Exercised on the Expiration Date shall become void and will 
cease to have any value.  
Termination of Hedging Options conditional on termination or refusal of equivalent BestOf Share options 
(low) 
Termination of a specific number of Hedging Options will only be permitted if an identical number of BestOf 
Options granted by the Hedging Option Holder to its employees under its BestOf Share Option Plan have been 
refused or terminated .   
Default by the Hedging Option Holder vis-à-vis  the Issuer may result in Termination of all Series of Hedging 
Options held by the Hedging Option Holder (low) 
Default by the Hedging Option Holder under any agreement with the relevant Issuer, including agreement 
unconnected with the Hedging Options, as well as situations of changed creditworthiness of the Hedging Option 
Holder  may  result in the Termination of all Hedging Options held by the investor, regardless of which Series 
of Hedging Options the investor holds. The bankruptcy of the Hedging Option Holder will result automatically 
in the Termination  of all Hedging Options held by the investor.

--- Page 41 ---
41 
 
Hedging Option Holders may be required to absorb losses in the event the relevant Issuer becomes non-viable 
or were to fail (medium/low) 
Hedging Option Holders may lose their investment in case the relevant Issuer were to become non-viable or 
fail. In such circumstances and aside from parts of the Issuer that can still go through normal insolvency 
proceedings, resolution authorities may require senior debt instruments to be bailed-in, including (without 
limitation) the Hedging Options issued prior to the date of this Base Prospectus.  
In order to safeguard financial stability and minimize taxpayers’ exposure to losses, BRRD2, as transposed into 
Belgian law by the Law of 25 April 2014 on the status and supervision of credit institutions (the “Banking 
Law”), and any other law or regulation relating to the transposition of Directive 2014/59/EU under Belgian law, 
includes a “bail-in” tool in relation to unsecured debt (including the Hedging Options) and a statutory “write-
down and conversion power” in relation to regulatory capital instruments. These powers allow resolution 
authorities to write down the claims of unsecured creditors (including the rights of Hedging Option Holders) of 
a failing institution in order to recapitalize the institution by allocating losses to its shareholders and unsecured 
creditors, or to convert debt into equity, as a means of restoring the institution’s capital position.   
The bail-in power includes the power to cancel a liability or modify the terms of contracts for the purposes of 
reducing or deferring the liabilities of the relevant financial institution and the power to convert a liability from 
one form to another, all with a view to recapitalizing the failing credit institution. 
The Resolution Authority (which for the KBC Bank Group means the EU Single Resolution Board together 
with the resolution committee of the NBB) has the power to bail-in (i.e. write down or convert) senior debt such 
as the Hedging Options, after having written down or converted tier 1 capital instruments and tier 2 capital 
instruments. On 31 December 2020, KBC Bank’s tier 1 and tier 2 capital amounted to EUR 17.7 billion in total 
and CBC Banque’s tier 1 and tier 2 capital amounted to EUR 707.2 million. 
The bail-in power enables the Resolution Authority to recapitalize a failed institution by allocating losses to its 
shareholders and unsecured creditors (including holders of the Hedging Options) in a manner which is consistent 
with the hierarchy of claims in an insolvency of a relevant financial institution. BRRD contains certain 
safeguards which provide that shareholders and creditors that are subject to any write down or conversion should 
in principle not incur greater losses than they would have incurred had the relevant financial institution been 
wound up under normal insolvency proceedings.  
Potential investors in the Hedging Options should consider the risk that a Hedging Option Holder may lose all 
of the invested amounts, if such statutory loss absorption measures are acted upon or that the Hedging Options 
may be converted into ordinary shares of the Issuer.  
Hedging Option Holders may have limited rights or no rights to challenge any decision to exercise such powers 
or to have that decision reviewed by a judicial or administrative process or otherwise. 
The Hedging Options are not debt securities and do not pay any interest (low) 
The terms of the Hedging Options differ from those of ordinary debt securities. The Hedging Options do not 
entitle the holder of the Hedging Options to receive a coupon payment or dividend yield and therefore do not 
constitute a regular source of income. Possible losses in connection with an investment in the Hedging Options 
can therefore not be compensated by other income from the Hedging Options.  
 
 
2  
Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014 establishing a framework for the recovery and resolution 
of credit institutions and investment firms and amending various EU Directives and Regulations, as amended by Directive (EU) 2017/2399 
(BRRD).

--- Page 42 ---
42 
 
Hedging Options are unsecured obligations and Hedging Option Holders are exposed to credit risk against 
the Issuer (medium/low) 
The Hedging Options are direct, unconditional, unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the relevant Issuer 
and will rank pari passu with all present and future unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer, 
without any preference among themselves and without any preference one above the other by reason of priority 
of date of issue, any currency of payment or otherwise, except for obligations given priority by the applicable 
law. 
The Hedging Options will not be secured by the Underlying to which such Hedging Option is linked. The 
Hedging Option Holder will not have recourse to any Underlying or any other security/collateral if the relevant 
Issuer does not perform its obligations under the Hedging Options. 
The Hedging Option Holder bears the risk that the financial situation of the relevant Issuer declines or that 
insolvency or bankruptcy proceedings are instituted against the relevant Issuer and that as a result such Issuer 
cannot fulfil its obligations under the Hedging Options (the Issuer’s credit risk). If the Issuer were insolvent or 
defaulted on its obligations under the Hedging Options, in the worst case scenario, investors in the Hedging 
Options could lose all of their invested amounts.  
The Hedging Option Holders may be bound by certain determinations and calculations made by the Issuer 
or an Agent’s discretion (low) 
Certain determinations and calculations under the Programme and the Hedging Options Conditions will be made 
by any of the Issuer, the Hedging Option Agent or the Calculation Agent acting in good faith. Accordingly, an 
investor in the Hedging Options is subject to the risk that such determinations and calculations under the 
Hedging Options are conclusively determined by one party which may be the Issuer itself and any of its 
Affiliates and the investor cannot object to such calculation or determination. Such situation could result in a 
potential conflict of interest in the person of the Hedging Option Agent. 
In the event of a Market Disruption Event, the calculation of the Underlying may be postponed or adjusted 
(low) 
If the Underlying of the Hedging Option is a listed financial instrument, the Hedging Option Holders are subject 
to the risk that a Market Disruption Event will occur. The Applicable Final Terms define a Market Disruption 
Event. Such an event could involve the suspension of or limitation imposed on trading by an Exchange of the 
instruments (or some of the instruments) of the Underlying.  
If the relevant Issuer or the Calculation Agent determines that a Market Disruption Event has occurred, a 
valuation in the relevant Underlying may consequentially be postponed or adjusted which may have an adverse 
effect on the value of such Hedging Option. 
Tax laws of the investors’ jurisdiction and of the Issuer’s jurisdiction may have an impact on the value and 
liquidity of and return on the Hedging Options (low) 
Withholding tax, income and capital gains tax, financial transaction taxes and other present and future taxes 
imposed in the investor’s or the Issuer’s jurisdiction may affect the value and liquidity of and return on the 
Hedging Options. See Section “TAXATION” on page 150 for an overview of certain Belgian tax aspects 
relating to the Hedging Options (but note that such overview is not exhaustive and does not cover tax aspects of 
any other jurisdiction).

--- Page 43 ---
43 
 
3.2. Risks related to the Underlying 
Exposure to the Underlying (medium) 
Following Exercise of the Hedging Option, the Hedging Option Holder will be directly exposed to any 
fluctuation in the Value of the Underlying. Furthermore, in order to cover any further outstanding obligations 
the investor has under its BestOf Share Option Plan(s), the investor may need to purchase further shares or 
conclude further option agreements in the open market, in which case it will be exposed to any illiquidity in the 
market and price fluctuations.  
Potential conflicts of interest (low) 
The Issuers (or their  Affiliates) may also engage in trading activities (including hedging activities) related to 
the Underlying and other instruments or derivative products based on or related to the Underlying for their 
proprietary accounts or for other accounts under their management. The Issuers may also issue other derivative 
instruments in respect of the Underlying. The Issuers may also act as underwriter in connection with future 
offerings of the Underlying or other securities related to the Underlying or may act as financial adviser to certain 
companies or in a commercial banking capacity for certain companies.  
Such activities could present certain conflicts of interest, could influence the prices of the Underlying Index or 
other securities referring to the Underlying and could adversely affect the value of such Hedging Options.  
In case the Calculation Agent should make determinations and calculations in respect of the Hedging Options, 
the Calculation Agent shall act at all times in good faith and a commercially reasonable manner, but not 
necessarily in the interest of the Hedging Options Holder.  
Any Affiliates of the Issuers may have existing or future business relationships with the Underlying and will 
pursue actions and take steps that they deem necessary or appropriate to protect their interests arising therefrom 
without regard to the consequences for a Hedging option Holder. 
3.3. Risks related to the market generally 
Hedging Options are not transferable or traded on a market (low) 
The Hedging Options are not transferable. There is no secondary market for the trading of Hedging Options.

--- Page 44 ---
44 
 
VI. 
INFORMATION RELATING TO THE ISSUERS3 
This section provides a description of the Issuers’ business activities as well as certain financial information in 
respect of the Issuers. 
1. Information relating to KBC Bank 
 
In this section, the term “Issuer” refers to KBC Bank 
 
1.1. Corporate structure, share capital and credit ratings 
 
General information 
The Issuer was established in Belgium in 1998 as a bank in the form of a limited liability company (naamloze 
vennootschap / société anonyme) for an unlimited duration and operates under the laws of Belgium. The Issuer’s 
Belgian enterprise number is 0462.920.226 and its LEI code is 6B2PBRV1FCJDMR45RZ53. The Issuer is 
registered in the register of legal persons (rechtspersonenregister (RPR) / registre des personnes morales 
(RPM)) of the Dutch-speaking enterprise court of Brussels. The Issuer’s registered office is at Havenlaan 2, B-
1080 Brussels, Belgium, its telephone number is (+32) (0) 2 429 11 11 and its website is www.kbc.com. The 
information on the Issuer’s website does not form part of this Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or 
approved by the FSMA, except to the extent that such information is explicitly incorporated by reference in this 
Base Prospectus (see Section “DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE” on page 162 of this Base 
Prospectus). The Issuer is registered as a credit institution with the NBB. 
The Issuer is a wholly-owned subsidiary of KBC Group and is part of the KBC Group, on which it depends for 
certain group functions and because of the integrated regulatory and solvency supervision. A simplified 
schematic of KBC Group’s legal structure is provided below. KBC Group is working on the creation of a “Clean 
HoldCo” project, which will be implemented by 1 January 2024. See for more information in the 2Q 2021 Debt 
Presentation, 
slide 
44, 
available 
on 
https://www.kbc.com/content/dam/kbccom/doc/investor-
relations/Results/2q2021/2q2021-debt-presentation.pdf.  
 
 
3 Any documentation referred to in this Base Prospectus, but not incorporated by reference, shall not be part of this Base Prospectus. The 
documentation that is not incorporated by reference has not been scrutinised or approved by the FSMA. 
KBC Group NV 
KBC Bank NV 
(the Issuer) 
KBC Insurance NV 
Various subsidiaries, joint ventures 
and associated companies 
Various subsidiaries, joint ventures 
and associated companies 
KBC Group 
KBC Bank Group 
100% 
100%

--- Page 45 ---
45 
 
The other major subsidiary of KBC Group is KBC Insurance NV. The Issuer co-operates closely with KBC 
Insurance NV, amongst others, in relation to the distribution of insurance products and depends on it for the 
further implementation of the bank-insurance model.  
The Issuer and KBC Insurance NV each have a number of subsidiaries. The Issuer’s subsidiaries are mainly 
banking and other financial entities in Central and Eastern Europe and in other selected countries, such as 
Ireland. The Issuer also acts as funding provider for a number of its subsidiaries. 
A list of the subsidiaries of the Issuer can be found on pages 173 and following of the Issuer’s 2020 Annual 
Report.  
Share capital and shareholder 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer’s share capital was EUR 9,732 million and consisted of 
995,371,469 ordinary shares, which are all held by KBC Group. The share capital is fully paid up.  
The shares of the Issuer’s parent company, KBC Group, are listed on Euronext Brussels. An overview of the 
shareholding of KBC Group is available on the KBC Group website at www.kbc.com4. The core shareholders 
of KBC Group are KBC Ancora, CERA, MRBB and a group of legal entities and individuals referred to as 
‘Other core shareholders’. The overview of shareholding is not incorporated in and does not form part of this 
Base Prospectus and it has not been and will not be scrutinised or approved by the FSMA. 
Credit ratings 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the following long term credit ratings have been assigned to the Issuer 
with the cooperation of the Issuer in the rating process: 
FITCH RATINGS IRELAND LIMITED (“Fitch”) 
A+ 
According to Fitch’s Rating Definitions, an “A” rating indicates high credit quality. “A” ratings denote 
expectations of low default risk. The capacity for payment of financial commitments is considered strong. This 
capacity may, nevertheless, be more vulnerable to adverse business or economic conditions than is the case for 
higher ratings. The modifiers "+" or "-" may be appended to a rating to denote relative status within major rating 
categories. 
Moody’s France SAS (“Moody’s”) 
A2 
According to Moody’s Rating Symbols and Definitions, obligations rated “A” are considered upper-medium 
grade and are subject to low credit risk. The modifier “2” indicates that the obligation ranks in the mid-range of 
its generic rating category. 
S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited (“Standard and Poor’s”) 
A+ 
According to Standard and Poor’s Global Ratings Definitions, an obligor rated “A” has strong capacity to meet 
its financial commitments but is somewhat more susceptible to the adverse effects of changes in circumstances 
and economic conditions than obligors in higher-rated categories. The addition of a plus (+) or minus (-) sign 
shows relative standing within the rating categories. 
More information regarding the Issuer’s long term credit ratings can be found in the latest credit opinion from 
the relevant credit rating agencies, available at https://www.kbc.com/en/credit-ratings and in the applicable 
rating methodologies published by the relevant credit rating agencies. None of that website, those credit opinions 
or those rating methodologies are incorporated by reference in or form part of this Base Prospectus, and they 
have not been scrutinised or approved by the FSMA. 
 
4 The information on the Issuer’s website does not form part of this Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the FSMA, except to the 
extent that such information is explicitly incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 46 ---
46 
 
A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, 
reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. The Issuer does not represent that it will 
maintain any level of credit rating, or any credit rating at all, with any credit rating agency. 
These credit ratings relate to the Issuer’s financial obligations generally and not to any specific financial 
obligation such as the Warrants or any Series thereof. 
Each credit rating agency referred to above is established in the EEA and is listed on the “List of Registered and 
Certified CRA’s” as published by ESMA on its website (at http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-
and-certified-CRAs5) in accordance with Article 18(3) of Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 on credit rating 
agencies (the “CRA Regulation”). If an issue-specific credit rating is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
then those Final Terms will also specify whether that credit rating is (a) issued by a credit rating agency 
established in the EEA and registered under the CRA Regulation, or (b) issued by a credit rating agency which 
is not established in the EEA but will be endorsed by a credit rating agency which is established in the EEA and 
registered under the CRA Regulation or (c) issued by a credit rating agency which is not established in the EEA 
but which is certified under the CRA Regulation. None of the credit rating agencies referred to above is 
established in the UK in accordance with Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK CRA Regulation”). Accordingly the Issuer 
rating issued by (a) Fitch has been endorsed by Fitch Ratings Ltd, (b) Moody’s has been endorsed by Moody’s 
Investors Service Limited and (c) Standard and Poor’s has been in endorsed by S&P Global Ratings UK Limited, 
each in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation and have not been withdrawn. As such, the ratings issued by 
each credit rating agency referred to above may be used for regulatory purposes in the United Kingdom in 
accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. 
1.2. Administrative, management and supervisory bodies 
Board of Directors and Executive Committee 
The Issuer is administered by a Board of Directors and an Executive Committee in accordance with the relevant 
legal requirements.  
The Issuer’s Board of Directors is empowered to determine the company's general policy and strategy and to 
perform all acts which, by law, are reserved specifically for it. The Board of Directors is responsible for 
supervising the Executive Committee. 
The Issuer’s Executive Committee is empowered to perform all acts that are necessary or useful in achieving 
the company's object, apart from those that the General Meeting of Shareholders is empowered to perform by 
law and those reserved for the Board of Directors by law. 
The Issuer’s corporate purpose is set out in Article 2 of its Articles of Association. It includes the execution of 
all banking operations in the widest sense, as well as the exercise of all other activities which banks are or shall 
be permitted to pursue and all acts that contribute directly or indirectly thereto. 
To the extent these laws and regulations apply to the Issuer, the Issuer complies with the laws and regulations 
of Belgium regarding corporate governance. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the members of the Board 
of Directors are the following:  
Name and business address 
Position 
Expiry 
date 
of 
current 
term 
of 
office 
External offices 
DEBACKERE Koenraad 
Non-
2024 
KBC Insurance NV, non-executive director 
 
5 The information contained on the website of ESMA (www.esma.europa.eu) does not form part of this Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or 
approved by the FSMA.

--- Page 47 ---
47 
 
Name and business address 
Position 
Expiry 
date 
of 
current 
term 
of 
office 
External offices 
A. Stesselstraat 8 
3012 Leuven 
executive 
director 
KBC 
Group 
NV, 
non-executive 
directorHolding Wetenschapspark Waterschei 
NV, non-executive director 
Mo-Thor NV, non-executive director 
KBC Global Services NV, non-executive 
director 
 
HOLLOWS John 
KBC Bank NV 
Havenlaan 2 
1080 Brussels 
 
 
Executive 
director 
2022 
KBC Insurance NV, executive director 
KBC Group NV, member of the executive 
committee 
Ceskoslovenska Obchodni Banka a.s. (CR), 
CEO (non-director) 
POPELIER Luc 
KBC Bank NV 
Havenlaan 2 
1080 Brussels 
Executive 
director 
2025 
KBC Insurance NV, executive director 
KBC Group NV, member of the executive 
committee 
KBC Securities NV, non-executive director 
Ceskoslovenska Obchodna Bank a.s. (SR), 
executive director 
United Bulgarian Bank AD, executive director 
CSOB Poistovna a.s., member of the 
Management Board 
KBC focus Fund NV, executive director 
THIJS Johan  
KBC Bank NV 
Havenlaan 2 
1080 Brussels 
Executive 
director/CEO 
2025 
KBC Insurance NV, executive director/CEO 
Febelfin VZW, Chairman of the Board of 
Directors 
KBC Group NV, executive director/CEO 
VOKA VZW, non-executive director 
VBO VZW, non-executive director 
BVB, non-executive director 
European Banking Federation, non-executive 
director 
DISCAI NV, executive director 
Museum Nicolaas Rockox VZW, non-
executive director 
Gent Festival van Vlaanderen VZW, non-
executive director 
VAN RIJSSEGHEM 
Christine 
KBC Bank NV 
Havenlaan 2 
1080 Brussels 
Executive 
director 
2022 
KBC Group NV, executive director 
KBC Insurance NV, executive director 
K&H Bank Zrt, non-executive director 
KBC Bank Ireland plc, non-executive director 
Ceskoslovenska Obchodni Banka a.s. (CR), 
non-executive director 
Ceskoslovenska Obchodna Banka a.s. (S.R.), 
member of the Supervisory Board 
KBC Bank NV, Dublin Branch, member of the 
Management Board 
United Bulgarian Bank AD, non-executive

--- Page 48 ---
48 
 
Name and business address 
Position 
Expiry 
date 
of 
current 
term 
of 
office 
External offices 
director 
ARISS Nabil 
KBC Bank NV 
Havenlaan 2 
1080 Brussels 
Independent 
director 
2022 
Executive Director AF Law 
Executive Director of Fresnel 1823 Limited 
DEPICKERE Franky 
KBC Bank NV 
Havenlaan 2 
1080 Brussels 
Non-
executive 
director6 
2023 
Cera CV, executive director 
Cera Beheersmaatschappij NV, executive 
director 
BRS Microfinance Coop CV, non-executive 
director 
KBC Group NV, non-executive director 
KBC Insurance NV, non-executive director 
Almancora 
Beheersmaatschappij 
NV, 
executive director 
International Raiffeisen Union e.V., non-
executive director 
Ceskoslovenska Obchodni Banka a.s. (CR), 
member of the Supervisory Board 
KBC Ancora NV, executive director 
CBC Banque SA, non-executive director 
United Bulgarian Bank AD, non-executive 
director 
Euro Pool System International BV, non-
executive director 
KBC Global Services NV, non-executive 
director 
CALLEWAERT Katelijn 
KBC Bank NV 
Havenlaan 2 
1080 Brussels 
Non-
executive 
director 
2025 
Cera Beheersmaatschappij NV, executive 
director 
Cera CV, member of the executive committee 
KBC Group NV, non-executive director 
KBC Insurance NV, non-executive director 
Almancora 
Beheersmaatschappij 
NV, 
executive director 
CBC Banque SA, non-executive director 
KBC Global Services NV, non-executive 
director 
DE BECKER Sonja 
Meerbeekstraat 20 
3071 Erps-Kwerps 
Non-
executive 
director 
2024 
M.R.B.B. CV – Maatschappij voor Roerend 
Bezit van de Boerenbond, non-executive 
director 
KBC Group NV, non-executive director 
KBC Insurance NV, non-executive director 
BB-Patrim BV, non-executive director  
Boerenbond VZW, Chairman of the Board of 
Directors 
KBC Global Services NV, non-executive 
 
6 As at the date of this Base Prospectus and until the Board of Directors appoints Mr Koenraad Debackere as Chairman of the Board of Directors, Mr 
Franky Depickere acts as Chairman ad interim of the Board of Directors of the Issuer.

--- Page 49 ---
49 
 
Name and business address 
Position 
Expiry 
date 
of 
current 
term 
of 
office 
External offices 
director 
WITTEMANS Marc 
Beatrijslaan 91 
3110 Rotselaar 
Non-
executive 
director 
2022 
KBC Group NV, non-executive director 
Arda Immo BV, non-executive director 
Acerta BV, non-executive director 
Acerta Consult CV, non-executive director 
M.R.B.B. CV - Maatschappij voor Roerend 
Bezit 
van 
de 
Boerenbond, 
executive 
director/CEO 
KBC Insurance NV, non-executive director 
Acerta Verzekeringen BV, non-executive 
director 
KBC Bank Ireland Plc, non-executive 
director 
Shéhérazade Développement BV, non-
executive director 
K&H Bank Zrt, non-executive director 
KBC Global Services NV, non-executive 
director 
MOUCHERON David 
KBC Bank NV 
Havenlaan 2 
1080 Brussels 
Executive 
director 
2025 
KBC Insurance NV, executive director 
KBC Group NV, member of the executive 
committee 
CBC Banque SA, non-executive director/CEO 
K&H 
ERTEKPAPIR 
ZARTKORUEN 
MUKOD O RESZVENYTARSASAG Zrt., 
non-executive director 
BVB, non-executive director 
Febelfin VZW, executive director 
MAGNUSSON Bo 
KBC Bank NV 
Havenlaan 2 
1080 Brussels 
Independent 
director 
2024 
Bmag AB, non-executive director 
Rikshem AB, Chairman of the Board of 
Directors 
Rikshem Intressenter AB, Chairman of the 
Board of Directors 
Swedbank AB, non-executive director 
LUTS Erik 
KBC Bank NV 
Havenlaan 2 
1080 Brussels 
Executive 
director 
2025 
De Bremberg VZW, non-executive director 
Joyn Belgium NV, non-executive director 
Joyn International NV, non-executive director 
KBC Insurance NV, executive director 
KBC Group NV, member of the executive 
committee 
Bancontact Payconiq Company NV, non-
executive director 
KBC Focus Fund NV, non-executive director 
KIRALY Julia 
KBC Bank NV 
Havenlaan 2 
1080 Brussels 
Independent 
director 
 
2023 
Fintor Holding Ltd., executive director 
KBC Group NV, non-executive director 
KBC Global Services NV, non-executive 
director

--- Page 50 ---
50 
 
Name and business address 
Position 
Expiry 
date 
of 
current 
term 
of 
office 
External offices 
PAPIRNIK Vladimira 
KBC Bank NV 
Havenlaan 2 
1080 Brussels 
Independent 
director 
2023 
KBC Group NV, non-executive director 
KBC Global Services NV, non-executive 
director 
ANDRONOV Peter 
KBC Bank NV 
Havenlaan 2 
1080 Brussels 
Executive 
director 
2025 
DZI General Insurance EAD, 
non-executive director 
DZI Life Insurance Jse, non-executive 
director 
KBC Insurance NV, executive director 
KBC Group NV, executive director 
K&H Bank ZRT, member management 
board 
K&H Biztosito ZRT., member 
management board 
KBC Insurance NV Irish branch, 
non-executive director 
KBC Asset Management NV, 
non-executive director 
Audit Committee 
The Audit Committee has been set up by the Board of Directors and has – with some limited exceptions – an 
advisory role. The Audit Committee, among other things, monitors the financial reporting process and submits 
recommendations or proposals to ensure its integrity, and advises the Board of Directors on the effectiveness of 
the internal control and risk management processes. 
The powers and composition of the Audit Committee, as well as its way of functioning, are extensively dealt 
with in the Corporate Governance Charter of the Issuer which is published on www.kbc.com. The Corporate 
Governance Charter is not incorporated by reference and does not form part of this Base Prospectus, and it has 
not been scrutinised or approved by the FSMA. 
The members of the Issuer’s Audit Committee are: 
− Marc Wittemans (chairman); 
− Nabil Ariss (independent director); and 
− Bo Magnusson (independent director). 
Risk and compliance committee 
The Risk and Compliance Committee has been set up by the Board of Directors and has an advisory role. The 
Risk and Compliance Committee, among other things, provides advice to the Board of Directors about the 
current and future risk appetite and risk strategy. 
The powers and composition of the Risk and Compliance Committee, as well as its way of functioning, are 
extensively dealt with in the Issuer’s Corporate Governance Charter, which is available on www.kbc.com. The 
Corporate Governance Charter is not incorporated by reference and does not form part of this Base Prospectus, 
and it has not been scrutinised or approved by the FSMA.

--- Page 51 ---
51 
 
The members of the Issuer’s Risk and Compliance Committee are: 
− Franky Depickere (chairman); 
− Nabil Ariss (independent director); and 
− Bo Magnusson (independent director). 
Management structure 
The KBC Group’s strategic choices are fully reflected in the group structure, which consists, as at the date of 
this Base Prospectus, of a number of business units and support services and which are presented in simplified 
form as follows: 
 
KBC Group 
 
 
Corporate staff 
CFO services 
 
 
Innovation & digital transformation 
 
CRO services 
 
 
 
 
Belgium Business Unit 
 
Czech Republic Business Unit 
International Markets 
Business Unit 
(bank-insurance in Belgium) 
(bank-insurance in 
the Czech Republic) 
(bank-insurance in 
Slovakia, Hungary, 
Bulgaria and Ireland) 
The management structure of both the KBC Group and the Issuer essentially comprises:  
− the three business units, which focus on local business and are expected to contribute to sustainable 
profit and growth: 
• 
Belgium Business Unit; 
• 
Czech Republic Business Unit; and 
• 
International Markets Business Unit: this encompasses the other core countries in Central 
and Eastern Europe (the Slovak Republic, Hungary and Bulgaria) and Ireland; 
− the pillars ‘CRO Services’ and ‘CFO Services’ (which act as an internal regulator, and whose main role 
is to support the business units), ‘Corporate Staff’ (which is a competence centre for strategic know-
how and best practices in corporate organisation and communication) and ‘Innovation and digital 
transformation’. 
Each business unit is headed by a Chief Executive Officer (“CEO”), and these CEOs, together with the CEO, 
the Chief Risk Officer (“CRO”), the Chief Innovation Officer (“CIO”) and the Chief Financial Officer (“CFO”) 
constitute the executive committee.

--- Page 52 ---
52 
 
Conflicts of interest 
The Issuer is not aware of any potential conflicts of interest between the duties to the Issuer of the members of 
the Board of Directors detailed above and their private interests or other duties. 
1.3. Financial information 
Financial statements 
The Issuer’s 2019 and 2020 Annual Reports contain: 
− 
the Issuer’s audited consolidated financial statements drawn up in accordance with International Financial 
Reporting Standards (“IFRS”) for the last two financial years (2019 and 2020); and 
− 
the Issuer’s audited non-consolidated financial statements drawn up in accordance with Belgian Generally 
Accepted Accounting Principles (“GAAP”) for the last two financial years (2019 and 2020). 
These Annual Reports of the Issuer are incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus as set out in Section  
“DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE” on page 162. See Section “WHERE MORE 
INFORMATION CAN BE FOUND on page 165 for information on where you can find these reports. 
Audit and review by the Issuer’s statutory auditors 
PricewaterhouseCoopers Bedrijfsrevisoren BV (erkend revisor/réviseur agréé), represented by R. Jeanquart and G. 
Joos, with offices at Woluwedal 18, B- 1932 Sint-Stevens-Woluwe, Belgium (“PwC”), has been appointed as auditor 
of the Issuer for the financial years 2016-2018 and this appointment has been extended for the financial years 2019-
2021. The financial statements of the Issuer have been audited in accordance with International Standards on Auditing 
by PwC for the financial years ended 31 December 2019 and 31 December 2020 and resulted in an unqualified audit 
opinion (with an emphasis of matter paragraph on the financial statements for the financial year ended 31 December 
2019). 
PwC is a member of the Instituut van de Bedrijfsrevisoren/Institut des Réviseurs d’Entreprises. 
The report of the Issuer’s auditor on (i) the audited consolidated annual financial statements of the Issuer and its 
consolidated subsidiaries for the financial years ended 31 December 2019 and 31 December 2020 (ii) the audited 
non-consolidated annual financial statements of the Issuer for the financial years ended 31 December 2019 and 31 
December 2020  are incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus (as set out in Section “DOCUMENTS 
INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE” on page 162), with the consent of the auditor. 
Changes since the most recent published financial statements 
Save as disclosed in this Base Prospectus, there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the 
Issuer since 31 December 2020, i.e. the date of its last published audited financial statements. 
 
There has been no significant change in the financial position of the group nor in the solvency of the Issuer since 31 
December 2020, i.e. the end of the last financial period for which financial information has been published. 
2. Information relating to CBC Banque 
In this section, the term “Issuer” refers to CBC Banque NV. The Issuer is a wholly-owned subsidiary of KBC 
Bank.

--- Page 53 ---
53 
 
2.1. Corporate structure and share capital 
General information 
The Issuer was established in Belgium in 1958 as a bank in the form of a limited liability company (naamloze 
vennootschap / société anonyme) for an unlimited duration and operates under the laws of Belgium. The Issuer’s Belgian 
enterprise number is 0403.211.380 and its LEI code is DVCTKZJG5QM5XGM4TR05. The Issuer is registered in 
the register of legal persons (rechtspersonenregister (RPR) / registre des personnes morales (RPM)) of the Enterprise 
Court of Liège, Namur division. The Issuer’s registered office is at Avenue Albert 1er, 60, B-5000 Namur, Belgium, 
its telephone number is (+32) (0) 81 80 18 80 and its website is www.cbc.be. The information on the Issuer’s website 
does not form part of this Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the FSMA, except to the extent 
that such information is explicitly incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus (see Section DOCUMENTS 
INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE” on page 162 of this Base Prospectus). The Issuer is registered as a credit 
institution with the NBB.  
The Issuer as a wholly-owned subsidiary of KBC Bank and part of the KBC Group 
The Issuer is a wholly-owned subsidiary of KBC Bank and is part of the KBC Group, on which it depends for 
certain group functions and because of the integrated regulatory and solvency supervision. A simplified 
schematic of KBC Group’s legal structure is provided above. 
CBC Banque is the French-language arm of the KBC Group. As a fully-fledged company, CBC Banque is 
active in all banking and insurance sectors in Wallonia. 
Share capital and shareholder 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer’s share capital was EUR 145.7 million and consisted of 
2,989,625 ordinary shares, which all are held by KBC Bank. The share capital is fully paid up. 
The sole shareholder of the parent company, KBC Bank, is KBC Group. The overview of shareholding is not 
incorporated in and does not form part of this Base Prospectus and it has not been and will not be scrutinised 
or approved by the FSMA. 
2.2. Administrative, management and supervisory bodies  
Board of Directors and Executive Committee 
The Issuer is administered by a Board of Directors and an Executive Committee in accordance with the relevant 
legal requirements. 
The Issuer’s Board of Directors is empowered to determine the company's general policy and strategy and to 
perform all acts which, by law, are reserved specifically for it. The Board of Directors is responsible for 
supervising the Executive Committee. 
The Issuer’s Executive Committee is empowered to perform all acts that are necessary or useful in achieving the 
company's object, apart from those that the General Meeting of Shareholders is empowered to perform by law and 
those reserved for the Board of Directors by law. 
The Issuer’s corporate purpose is set out in Article 3 of its Articles of Association. It includes the execution of all 
banking operations in the widest sense, as well as the exercise of all other activities which banks are or shall be 
permitted to pursue and all acts that contribute directly or indirectly thereto. 
To the extent these laws and regulations apply to the Issuer, the Issuer complies with the laws and regulations of 
Belgium regarding corporate governance. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the members of the Board of 
Directors are the following:

--- Page 54 ---
54 
 
Name and business address 
Position 
Expiry 
date 
of current 
term 
of 
External offices 
SCHOLZEN Clemens 
Avenue Albert 1er, 60 
5000 Namur 
Executive 
director/CEO 
2022 
DE MEYER Koen 
Avenue Albert 1er, 60 
5000 Namur 
Executive 
director 
2023 
KNAEPEN Denis 
Avenue Albert 1er, 60 
5000 Namur 
Executive 
director 
2023 
MOUCHERON David 
KBC Bank NV 
Havenlaan 2 
1080 Brussels 
Non-executive 
director 
KBC Insurance NV, executive director 
KBC Group NV, member of the executive 
committee 
K&H 
ERTEKPAPIR 
ZARTKORUEN 
MUKOD O RESZVENYTARSASAG Zrt., 
non-executive director 
BVB, non-executive director 
Febelfin VZW, executive director 
CALLEWAERT Katelijn 
Havenlaan 2  
1080 Brussels  
Non-executive 
director 
2023 
Cera 
Beheersmaatschappij 
NV, 
executive
director 
Cera CV, member of the executive committee 
KBC Group NV, non-executive director 
KBC Insurance NV, non-executive director 
Almancora Beheersmaatschappij NV, executive
director 
KBC Global Services NV, non-executive 
director 
DEBAILLIE Marc  
Avenue Albert 1er, 60 
5000 Namur 
Non-executive 
director 
2022 
Fimadero SA, director 
Herelixka, director 
Vectura SA, director

--- Page 55 ---
55 
 
DEPICKERE Franky 
Havenlaan 2  
1080 Brussels  
Non-executive 
director 
2022 
Cera CV, executive director 
Cera 
Beheersmaatschappij 
NV, 
executive
director 
BRS Microfinance Coop CV, non-executive 
director 
KBC Group NV, non-executive director 
KBC Insurance NV, non-executive director 
Almancora Beheersmaatschappij NV, executive
director 
International Raiffeisen Union e.V., non-
executive director 
Ceskoslovenska Obchodni Banka a.s. (CR),
member of the Supervisory Board 
KBC Ancora NV, executive director 
United Bulgarian Bank AD, non-executive
director 
Euro Pool System International BV, non-
executive director 
KBC Global Services NV, non-executive 
director 
KAKÉ Aminata 
Avenue Albert 1er, 60 
5000 Namur 
Independent 
Director 
2024 
Befimmo, Executive director  
LEMA Johan 
Avenue Albert 1er, 60 
5000 Namur 
Non-executive 
director 
2022 
KBC Asset Management, president of the 
executive committee 
Beama, Chairman of the Board of Directors 
President 
MERTENS DE WILMARS 
Sybille 
Avenue Albert 1er, 60 
5000 Namur 
Independent  
director 
2023 
Liege Airport SA, director 
ROGGEN Martine 
Avenue Albert 1er, 60 
5000 Namur 
Non_executive 
director 
2023 
Assuralia, Member of the Board of Directors  
VLERICK Michael 
Avenue Albert 1er, 60 
5000 Namur 
Non-executive  
director 
2024 
Midelco SA, director

--- Page 56 ---
56 
 
 
 
KBC Bank NV and CBC Banque SA – Warrants and Hedging Options Programme – Base Prospectus (2021) 
 
 Audit Committee 
The Audit Committee has been set up by the Board of Directors and has – with some limited exceptions – an 
advisory role. The Audit Committee, among other things, monitors the financial reporting process and submits 
recommendations or proposals to ensure its integrity, and monitors the effectiveness of the internal control and 
the risk management in place. 
The powers and composition of the Audit Committee, as well as its way of functioning, are extensively dealt with 
in the Corporate Governance Charter of the Issuer which is published on www.cbc.be. The Corporate Governance 
Charter is not incorporated by reference and does not form part of this Base Prospectus, and it has not been 
scrutinised or approved by the FSMA. 
The members of the Issuer’s Audit Committee are: 
− 
Aminata Kaké (independent director); 
− 
Sybille Mertens de Wilmars (independent director); and 
− 
Johan Lema (director). 
Risk and compliance committee 
The Risk and Compliance Committee has been set up by the Board of Directors and has an advisory role. The 
Risk and Compliance Committee, among other things, provides advice to the Board of Directors about the 
current and future risk appetite and risk strategy. 
The powers and composition of the Risk and Compliance Committee, as well as its way of functioning, are 
extensively dealt with in the Issuer’s Corporate Governance Charter, which is available on www.cbc.be. The 
Corporate Governance Charter is not incorporated by reference and does not form part of this Base Prospectus, and 
it has not been scrutinised or approved by the FSMA. 
The members of the Issuer’s Risk and Compliance Committee are: 
− 
Aminata Kaké (independent director); 
− 
Johan Lema (director); and 
− 
Martine Roggen, (non-executive director).  
Management structure 
CBC Banque’s activities are divided into Universes: 
− 
The Client Universe includes the three markets where the bank is active, namely: (i) private banking, 
(ii) the corporate market and (iii) the retail market or individuals.  
− 
The Central Services Universe includes the departments of the head office that ensure the smooth 
running of the bank: (i) the real estate and logistics department, (ii) the marketing and 
communication department, (iii) the chief economist department, (iv) the management committee 
support department, (v) the performance monitoring and treasury department, (vi) the human 
resources department and (vii) the legal and tax department.  
− 
The Products Universe includes the departments that enable the bank to create and implement its 
offer to clients: (i) the credit department, (ii) the financial line department, (iii) the digital and 
payments department.

--- Page 57 ---
57 
 
 
 
KBC Bank NV and CBC Banque SA – Warrants and Hedging Options Programme – Base Prospectus (2021) 
 
− 
The Risk Universe includes the compliance and risk management departments. 
− 
The Distribution Universe includes the insurance products. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Conflicts of interest 
The Issuer is not aware of any potential conflicts of interest between the duties to the Issuer of the members 
of the Board of Directors detailed above and their private interests or other duties. 
2.3. Financial information 
Financial statements 
The Issuer’s 2019 and 2020 Annual Reports contain the Issuer’s audited non-consolidated financial statements 
drawn up in accordance with Belgian Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (“GAAP”) for the last two 
financial years (2019 and 2020). 
These Annual Reports of the Issuer are incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus as set out in the Section  
“DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE” on page 162. See Section “WHERE MORE 
INFORMATION CAN BE FOUND” on page 165 for information on where you can find these reports. 
Audit and review by the Issuer’s statutory auditors 
PricewaterhouseCoopers Bedrijfsrevisoren BV (erkend revisor/réviseur agréé), represented by G. Joos, with offices 
at Woluwedal 18, B- 1932 Sint-Stevens-Woluwe, Belgium (“PwC”), has been appointed as auditor of the Issuer for 
the financial years 2016-2018 and this appointment has been extended for the financial years 2019-2021. The 
financial statements of the Issuer have been audited in accordance with International Standards on Auditing by PwC 
for the financial years ended 31 December 2019 and 31 December 2020 and resulted in an unqualified audit opinion 
(with an emphasis of matter paragraph on the financial statements for the financial year ended 31 December 2019).

--- Page 58 ---
58 
 
 
 
KBC Bank NV and CBC Banque SA – Warrants and Hedging Options Programme – Base Prospectus (2021) 
 
PwC is a member of the Instituut van de Bedrijfsrevisoren/Institut des Réviseurs d’Entreprises. 
The report of the Issuer’s auditor on the audited non-consolidated annual financial statements of the Issuer for the 
financial years ended 31 December 2019 and 31 December 2020 are incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus (as set out in the Section “DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE” on page 162), 
with the consent of the auditor. 
Changes since the most recent published financial statements 
Save as disclosed in this Base Prospectus, there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the 
Issuer since 31 December 2020, i.e. the date of its last published audited financial statements. 
 
There has been no significant change in the financial position of the group nor in the solvency of the Issuer since 31 
December 2020, i.e. the end of the last financial period for which financial information has been published. 
 
3. Information relating to the Issuers’ business 
 
3.1. The strategy of KBC Group 
The Issuers’ strategy is fully embedded in the strategy of their parent company, KBC Group. A summary is 
given below of the strategy of KBC Group, where the Issuers are essentially responsible for the banking 
business and KBC Insurance NV for the insurance business. 
KBC Group’s strategy rests on a number of principles: 
− We place our clients at the centre of everything we do. 
− We look to offer our clients a unique bank-insurance experience. 
− We focus on our group’s long-term development and aim to achieve sustainable and profitable growth. 
− We meet our responsibility to society and local economies. 
− We build upon the PEARL-values, also focussing on the joint development of solutions, initiatives 
and ideas within the group (for information on PEARL: see KBC Bank’s Annual Report on page 10). 
KBC Group implements its strategy within a strict risk, capital and liquidity management framework. 
A summary of KBC Group’s strategy is set out on pages 18 to 33 of the KBC Bank’s 2020 Annual Report, 
which is incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus as set out in the Section “DOCUMENTS 
INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE” on page 162. See Section “WHERE MORE INFORMATION CAN 
BE FOUND” on page 165 for information on where you can find the Issuer’s 2020 Annual Report. 
More detailed information regarding KBC Group’s strategy can be found on pages 28 to 59 of KBC Group’s 
2020 Annual Report, which is available at https://www.kbc.com/content/dam/kbccom/doc/investor-
relations/Results/jvs-2020/jvs-2020-grp-nl.pdf . KBC Group’s 2020 annual report is not incorporated by 
reference into and does not form part of this Base Prospectus, and it has not been scrutinised or approved by 
the FSMA for purposes of this Base Prospectus.  
3.2. General description of the Issuers’ activities 
The KBC Bank Group is a multi-channel banking group that caters primarily to private persons, small and 
SMEs and midcaps. Its geographic focus is on Europe. In its “home” (or “core”) markets (Belgium, the Czech 
Republic, the Slovak Republic, Hungary, Bulgaria and Ireland), the KBC Bank Group has important and (in

--- Page 59 ---
59 
 
 
 
KBC Bank NV and CBC Banque SA – Warrants and Hedging Options Programme – Base Prospectus (2021) 
 
some cases) even leading positions (based on internal data). The KBC Bank Group is also present in other 
countries where the primary focus is on supporting the corporate clients of the home markets. 
CBC Banque is a wholly-owned subsidiary of KBC Bank and the French-language arm of the KBC Group. As 
a fully fledged company, CBC Banque & Assurances is active in all banking and insurance sectors in Wallonia. 
In Brussels, it focuses on private banking and public and non-merchant entities.  
The KBC Bank Group’s core business is retail and private bank-insurance (including asset management), 
although it is also active in providing services to corporations and market activities. Across most of its home 
markets, the KBC Bank Group is active in a large number of products and activities, ranging from the plain 
vanilla deposit, credit, asset management and insurance businesses (via KBC Bank’s sister company, KBC 
Insurance NV) to specialised activities such as, but not exclusively, payments services, dealing room activities 
(money and debt market activities), brokerage and corporate finance, foreign trade finance, international cash 
management and leasing. 
3.3. Activities in Belgium 
 
Market position of the bank network in Belgium 
Market share (estimates by the KBC Bank Group), 
end of 2020 
Banking products* 19% 
Investment funds 28% 
Bank branches, mid 2021 
454 
* Average of the share in credits and the share in deposits. 
The KBC Bank Group had, at mid 2021, a network of 454 bank branches in Belgium: KBC Bank branches in 
Flanders, CBC Banque branches in Wallonia and KBC Brussels branches in the Brussels area. The branches 
focus on providing clients with a broad range of credit (including mortgage loans), deposit, investment fund 
and other asset management products, insurance products (in cooperation with KBC Bank’s sister company, 
KBC Insurance NV) and other specialised financial banking products and services. The KBC Bank Group’s 
bricks-and-mortar networks in Belgium are supplemented by electronic channels, such as ATMs, telephones 
and the internet (including a mobile banking app). KBC Bank, CBC Banque and KBC Brussels serve, based 
on their own estimates, approximately 3.4 million banking clients. Including the insurance business, the 
number of clients rises to 3.7 million. 
KBC Group considers itself to be an integrated bank-insurer. Certain shared and support services are organised 
at KBC Group level, serving the entire KBC Group, and not just the bank or insurance businesses separately. 
It is the KBC Group’s aim to continue to actively encourage the cross-selling of bank and insurance products. 
The success of KBC Group’s integrated bank-insurance model is in part due to the cooperation that exists 
between the bank branches and the insurance agents of KBC Insurance NV and CBC Assurance, whereby the 
branches sell standard insurance products to retail customers and refer their customers to the insurance agents 
for non-standard products. Claims-handling is the responsibility of the insurance agents, the call centre and the 
head office departments at KBC Insurance NV. 
At the end of 2020, the KBC Bank Group had, based on its own estimates (see table above), a 19% share of 
traditional banking activities in Belgium (the average of the share of the lending market and the deposit 
market). Over the past few years, the KBC Bank Group has built up a strong position in investment funds too, 
with an estimated market share of approximately 28%. 
The KBC Bank Group believes in the power of a physical presence through a branch and agency network that 
is close to its clients. At the same time, however, it expects the importance of online and mobile bank-insurance 
to grow further and it is constantly developing new applications in these areas. That includes the various mobile 
banking apps for smartphones and tablets, which are being continuously improved and expanded.

--- Page 60 ---
60 
 
 
 
KBC Bank NV and CBC Banque SA – Warrants and Hedging Options Programme – Base Prospectus (2021) 
 
With more and more customers opting for digital channels, the KBC Bank Group is gradually aligning its 
omni-channel distribution network with this changing customer behaviour. The KBC Bank Group is in the 
process of converting a number of smaller branches into unstaffed ones and closing some of the existing 
unstaffed branches in Flanders. At the same time, it continues to invest in its full-service branches, in KBC 
Live (an online contact service with specialists from KBC) and in its digital channels. The KBC Bank Group 
also optimised its group-wide governance model at management level and is in the process of further 
improving operational efficiency throughout the entire organisation in order to take customer service to an 
even higher level. This adaptation is essential in response to the new environment in which organisations are 
expected to be more agile, take decisions more quickly and thus continue to meet the expectations of customers 
and society. In this respect, in 2020 the KBC Bank Group announced its updated strategy, ‘Differently: the 
Next Level’. It means that the Group will make the interaction with its clients more future-proof and smarter 
(i.e., reinforced by artificial intelligence) and that it will evolve from an omnichannel distribution model 
towards a digital-first model. The human factor remains important and staff and branches will be fully at the 
disposal of clients. As is always the case, the client decides which distribution channel, digital or physical, is 
used to contact KBC. In a digital-first distribution model, digital interactions with clients will form the initial 
basis. The KBC Bank Group therefore aims over time to provide all relevant solutions via mobile applications. 
In addition to a digital product range, it will offer clients digital advice and develop all processes and products 
as if they were sold digitally. 
In the KBC Bank Group’s financial reporting, the Belgian activities are combined into a single Belgium 
Business Unit. The results of the Belgium Business Unit essentially comprise the activities of KBC Bank and 
its Belgian subsidiaries, the most important of which are CBC Banque, KBC Asset Management, KBC Lease 
Group (Belgium) and KBC Securities. 
The KBC Group’s aim in Belgium is: 
− 
to continue pursuing its strategy of putting the interests of the client at the heart of all the products 
and services it develops and at the centre of everything it does. The focus here is on a ‘digital first’ 
approach with a human touch, and on investing in the seamless integration of the various distribution 
channels. KBC Group is working on the further digitalisation of its banking, insurance and asset 
management services and exploiting new technologies and data to provide clients with more 
personalised and proactive solutions. Its digital assistant ‘Kate’, launched in November 2020, is 
taking this to the next level; 
− 
to support these activities, the KBC Bank Group is also fully engaged in introducing end-to-end 
straight-through processing into all commercial processes, making full use of all technological 
capabilities such as artificial intelligence; 
− to expand its service provision through own and other channels. The KBC Bank Group collaborates to 
this end with partners through ‘eco-systems’ that enable it to offer clients comprehensive solutions. It 
is also integrating a range of selected partners into its own mobile app  and making products and 
services available in the distribution channels of selected third parties; 
− to exploit the potential in Brussels more efficiently via the separate brand, KBC Brussels, which 
reflects the capital’s specific cosmopolitan character and is designed to better meet the needs of the 
people living there; 
− to grow bank-insurance further at CBC in specific market segments and to expand the presence and 
accessibility in Wallonia; 
− to work tirelessly on the ongoing optimisation of its bank-insurance model in Belgium; 
− to continue pursuing its ambition to become the reference bank for SMEs and mid-cap enterprises in 
Belgium based on thorough knowledge of the client and its personal approach;

--- Page 61 ---
61 
 
 
 
KBC Bank NV and CBC Banque SA – Warrants and Hedging Options Programme – Base Prospectus (2021) 
 
− to express its commitment to Belgian society by taking initiatives in areas including environmental 
awareness, financial literacy, entrepreneurship and population ageing. The KBC Bank Group also 
actively participates in the mobility debate and develops solutions. 
3.4. Activities in Central and Eastern Europe 
 
Market position of the bank network in the 
home countries of Central and Eastern Europe 
Czech 
Republic 
Slovak 
Republic 
Hungary 
Bulgaria 
Market 
share 
(estimates by the KBC 
Bank Group), at the 
end of 2020 
Banking products* 
Investment funds 
21% 
23% 
12% 
12% 
11% 
13% 
10% 
18% 
Bank branches, mid 
2021 
Total 
232* 
174 
202 
173 
* Average of the share in credits and the share in deposits 
In the Central and Eastern European region, the KBC Bank Group focuses on four home countries, being the 
Czech Republic, the Slovak Republic, Hungary and Bulgaria. The main Central and Eastern European entities 
of KBC Bank Group in those home markets are United Bulgarian Bankin Bulgaria, ČSOB and OTP Banka 
Slovensko (acquired in 2020, see below) in the Slovak Republic, ČSOB in the Czech Republic and K&H Bank 
in Hungary. At the end of November 2020, KBC Group completed the acquisition of 99.44% of the shares in 
OTP Banka Slovensko. This company operates in Slovakia, where it has a share of almost 2% in the market 
for deposits and loans. This acquisition has bolstered the KBC Group’s share of the Slovakian market, where 
it was already operating through ČSOB. In its four home countries, the KBC Bank Group now caters to roughly 
6 million customers, or 8 million including the insurance businesses (see below). This customer base makes 
the KBC Group one of the larger financial groups in the Central and Eastern European region.  
The KBC Bank Group companies focus on providing clients with a broad range of credit (including mortgage 
loans), deposit, investment fund and other asset management products, insurance products  and other 
specialised financial  products and services. As is the case in Belgium, the bricks-and-mortar networks in 
Central and Eastern Europe are supplemented by electronic channels, such as ATMs, telephone and the 
internet. As regards the updated KBC Bank Group strategy, ‘Differently: the Next Level’, please refer to the 
previous section on “Activities in Belgium”. 
KBC Group’s bank-insurance concept has, over the past few years, been exported to its Central and Eastern 
European entities. In order to be able to do so, KBC Group has built up a second home market in Central and 
Eastern Europe in insurance (via KBC Insurance NV). KBC Group has an insurance business in every Central 
and Eastern European home country: in the Czech Republic, the KBC Group’s insurer is ČSOB Pojist’ovňa, 
in the Slovak Republic it is ČSOB Poist’ovňa, in Hungary it is K&H Insurance and in Bulgaria it is DZI 
Insurance. Contrary to the situation of KBC Bank Group in Belgium, the KBC Group’s insurance companies 
in Central and Eastern Europe operate not only via tied agents (and bank branches) but also via other 
distribution channels, such as insurance brokers and multi-agents. Note that, end of July 2021, the Group also 
acquired from Nationale Nederlanden Group its Bulgarian pension and life insurance businesses, a move that 
will enable the KBC Group to further consolidate its position in the Bulgarian home market. 
The KBC Bank Group’s estimated market share (the average of the share of the lending market and the deposit 
market, see table above) amounted to 21% in the Czech Republic, 12% in the Slovak Republic, 11% in 
Hungary, and 10% in Bulgaria (rounded figures). The KBC Bank Group also has a strong position in the 
investment fund market in Central and Eastern Europe (estimated at 23% in the Czech Republic, 12% in the 
Slovak Republic, 13% in Hungary and 18% in Bulgaria).

--- Page 62 ---
62 
 
 
 
KBC Bank NV and CBC Banque SA – Warrants and Hedging Options Programme – Base Prospectus (2021) 
 
In the KBC Bank Group’s financial reporting, the Czech activities are separated in a single Czech Republic 
Business Unit, whereas the activities in the other Central and Eastern European countries, together with Ireland 
(see further below), are combined into the International Markets Business Unit. The Czech Republic Business 
Unit hence comprises all KBC Bank Group’s activities in the Czech Republic, consisting primarily of the 
activities of the ČSOB group (under the ČSOB, Postal Savings Bank, Hypotečni banka, Patria and ČMSS 
brands (the latter is being rebranded into ČSOB Stavební sporitelna)). The International Markets Business Unit 
comprises the activities conducted by entities in the other (non-Czech) Central and Eastern European core 
countries, namely ČSOB and OTP Banka Slovensko in the Slovak Republic, K&H Bank in Hungary and UBB 
in Bulgaria, plus KBC Bank Ireland’s Irish operations. 
The focus of the KBC Bank Group in the future is the following: 
− in relation to the Czech Republic Business Unit: 
• 
retaining its reference position in banking and insurance services by offering its retail, 
SME and mid-cap clients a hassle-free, no-frills client experience;  
• 
using data and AI to offer personalised solutions proactively to its clients, including via 
‘Kate’, its personalised digital assistant; 
• 
continuing the further digitalisation of its services and to introduce new and innovative 
products and services, including open bank-insurance solutions aimed at boosting the 
financial well-being of its clients; 
• 
concentrating on rolling out straight through processing and further simplifying products, , 
head office, distribution model and branding, in order to enable it to operate even more 
cost-effectively; 
• 
unlocking business potential through advanced use of data and digital lead management, 
to leverage its position as market leader in home finance and to focus even more strongly 
on growing the volume and profitability of its insurance offering;  
• 
strengthening its business culture and become more flexible, agile and diverse; 
• 
expressing its social engagement by focusing on environmental awareness, financial 
literacy, entrepreneurship and an  ageing population; 
− in relation to the International Markets Business Unit (excluding Ireland): 
• 
the updated KBC Group strategy presents a number of challenges for all countries 
including the business unit, including: 
- 
developing new and unique ‘bank-insurance+’ propositions; 
- 
continuing to digitally upgrade their distribution model; 
- 
driving the volume of straight-through and scalable processing; 
- 
increasing capacity in relation to data and AI to enable them to proactively offer 
relevant and personalised solutions; 
- 
selectively expanding activities with a view to securing a top-three position in 
banking and a top-four position in insurance;

--- Page 63 ---
63 
 
 
 
KBC Bank NV and CBC Banque SA – Warrants and Hedging Options Programme – Base Prospectus (2021) 
 
- 
implementing a socially responsible approach in all countries, with a particular 
focus on environmental awareness, financial literacy, entrepreneurship and 
health. 
• 
the updated KBC Group strategy presents the following country-specific challenges: 
- 
becoming the leader in the area of innovation in Hungary. KBC  Group is aiming 
to raise profitability by targeting income through client acquisition in all banking 
segments and through more intensive cross-selling. It also aims to expand its 
insurance activities substantially, primarily through sales at bank branches and, 
for non-life insurance, via both online and traditional brokers; 
- 
maintaining robust growth in strategic products in Slovakia (i.e., home loans, 
consumer finance, SME funding, leasing and insurance), partly through cross-
selling to group clients and via digital channels. Other priorities include the sale 
of funds and increased fee income; 
- 
focusing – as regards the banking business in Bulgaria – on increasing the 
Group’s share of the lending market in all segments, while applying a robust risk 
framework. The KBC Group’s insurer, DZI, is likewise maintaining its goal of 
growing faster than the market in both life and non-life insurance, via the Bank 
and other channels. 
An overview of the KBC Bank Group’s recent acquisitions is set out in the “We focus on sustainable and 
profitable growth” section of KBC Bank’s 2020 Annual Report, which is incorporated by reference into this 
Base Prospectus as set out in Section “DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE” on page 162.  
Mid November 2021, KBC Bank and Austria-based Raiffeisen Bank International (‘RBI’) reached an 
agreement for KBC to acquire 100% of the shares of Raiffeisenbank (Bulgaria) EAD, comprising RBI’s 
Bulgarian banking operations. The transaction also includes Raiffeisenbank Bulgaria’s fully-owned 
subsidiaries Raiffeisen Leasing Bulgaria, Raiffeisen Asset Management (Bulgaria), Raiffeisen Insurance 
Broker (serving Raiffeisenbank Bulgaria’s leasing and corporate clients) and Raiffeisen Service. The deal, 
involving a total consideration of EUR 1.015 million paid in cash, reflects the quality of the Raiffeisen 
franchise and the synergies potential. Completion of the transaction is subject to regulatory approval and is 
expected by mid-2022. More information is available in the press release dd. 15 November 2021, on 
https://www.kbc.com/content/dam/kbccom/doc/newsroom/pressreleases/2021/20211115-pb-RBI-BG-en.pdf. 
3.5. Activities in the rest of the world 
A number of companies belonging to the KBC Bank Group are also active in, or have outlets in, countries 
outside the home markets, among which KBC Bank, which has a network of foreign branches and KBC Bank 
Ireland. 
KBC Bank Ireland 
The loan portfolio of KBC Bank Ireland plc stood at approximately EUR 10.5 billion as at the end of June 
2021, almost entirely relating to mortgage loans. At the end of June 2021, approximately 13% (EUR 1.3 
billion) of the total Irish loan portfolio was impaired (of which EUR 0.7 billion more than 90 days past due). 
For the impaired loans, approximately EUR 0.4 billion impairments have been booked. The KBC Bank Group 
estimates its share of the Irish retail market in 2020 at 8%. It caters to around 0.3 million clients there. KBC 
Bank Ireland has 12 branches (hubs) in Ireland, next to its digital channels. A full profit and loss scheme for 
Ireland is available in the KBC Bank’s segment reporting (see page 198 and following of KBC Group’s 2020 
Annual Report and page 128 of the KBC Bank’s 2020 Annual Report, which is incorporated by reference into

--- Page 64 ---
64 
 
 
 
KBC Bank NV and CBC Banque SA – Warrants and Hedging Options Programme – Base Prospectus (2021) 
 
this Base Prospectus as set out in Section “DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE” on page 
162). 
As regards the KBC Group’s strategy in Ireland, please refer to the section entitled “The strategy of KBC 
Group” on page 58 above. Specifically for Ireland, the focus is on providing an outstanding client experience 
in Ireland. The KBC Group aims to differentiate itself through the instant and proactive delivery of products 
and services and through a high level of accessibility (including mobile and contact centre). It will further 
develop its strong position in home loans and is fully committed to bank-insurance (to which end it recently 
launched its own life insurance company in Ireland, through which it is offering a range of innovative digital 
pension products) and to providing asset management products.  
In the KBC Bank Group’s financial reporting, KBC Bank Ireland is included in the International Markets 
Business Unit. 
KBC Bank Ireland has entered into a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) with Bank of Ireland, expressing 
the parties’ intention to explore a route that could potentially lead to a transaction whereby Bank of Ireland 
commits to acquire substantially all of KBC Bank Ireland’s performing loan assets and liabilities. KBC Bank 
Ireland’s remaining non-performing mortgage loan portfolio, which is not part of the MoU, was also analysed 
whereby KBC Group reviewed its options to divest this NPL portfolio.  
On 30 August 2021, KBC Bank Ireland confirmed it has reached agreement to dispose of a non-performing 
mortgage loan portfolio of roughly 1.1 billion euros (Private Dwelling House (PDH) and Buy to let (BTL) and 
a small number of non-mortgage non-performing loans) in a transaction financed by funds managed by CarVal 
Investors (CarVal). More information is available in the press release dated 30 August 2021, on www.kbc.com. 
This document is not incorporated by reference and does not form part of this Base Prospectus, and it has not 
been scrutinised or approved by the FSMA 
On 22 October 2021, KBC Bank Ireland confirmed that it had entered into a legally binding agreement with 
Bank of Ireland relating to the sale of substantially all of KBC Bank Ireland’s performing loan assets and its 
deposit book to Bank of Ireland Group. In addition, a small portfolio of non-performing mortgages (NPEs) 
will also be acquired as part of the transaction. The acquisition for a total consideration of ca EUR €5.0 billion 
(net of deposits), involves ca EUR 8.8 billion of performing mortgages, ca EUR € 0.1 billion of mainly 
performing commercial and consumer loans, ca EUR 0.3 billion of non-performing mortgages, and ca EUR 
4.4 billion of deposits. The exact size of the portfolio and consideration payable will depend on movements in 
the portfolio up to completion, but is not expected to materially change. The transaction remains subject to 
regulatory, including Irish competition, approvals. More information is available in the press release dd. 22 
October 2021, on www.kbc.com .This document is not incorporated by reference and does not form part of 
this Base Prospectus, and it has not been scrutinised or approved by the FSMA 
Execution of these two transactions would ultimately result in KBC Group’s withdrawal from the Irish market. 
KBC Bank Ireland remains committed to offering its retail banking and insurance services of the highest level 
through its digital channels and hubs, for its existing and new customers. 
Foreign branches of KBC Bank  
The foreign branches of the KBC Bank are located mainly in Western Europe, Southeast Asia and the U.S. 
and focus on serving customers that already do business with the KBC Bank Group’s Belgian or Central and 
Eastern European network. In the past years, many of the other activities of these branches have been wound 
down, stopped or sold, and the international credit portfolio has been scaled down. In the KBC Bank Group’s 
financial reporting, the foreign branches of KBC Bank are part of the Belgium Business Unit.

--- Page 65 ---
65 
 
 
 
KBC Bank NV and CBC Banque SA – Warrants and Hedging Options Programme – Base Prospectus (2021) 
 
3.6. Group Centre 
The three business units (Belgium, Czech Republic and International Markets) are supplemented by the group 
centre. The group centre includes, among other things, costs related to the holding of participations and the 
results of the remaining companies or activities earmarked for divestment or in run-down.  
3.7. Competition 
All of the KBC Bank Group’s operations face competition in the sectors they serve. Depending on the activity, 
competitor companies include other commercial banks, saving banks, loan institutions, consumer finance 
companies, investment banks, brokerage firms, specialised finance companies, asset managers, private 
bankers, investment companies, fintech and e-commerce companies. 
In both Belgium and Central and Eastern Europe, the KBC Bank Group has an extensive network of branches 
and the KBC Bank Group believes most of its companies have strong name brand recognition in their 
respective markets. 
In Belgium, the KBC Bank Group is perceived as belonging to the top three (3) financial institutions. For 
certain products or activities, the KBC Bank Group estimates it has a leading position (e.g. in the area of 
investment funds). The main competitors in Belgium are BNP Paribas Fortis, Belfius and ING, although for 
certain products, services or markets, other financial institutions may also be important competitors. 
In its Central and Eastern European home markets, the KBC Bank Group is one of the important financial 
groups, occupying significant positions in banking. In this respect, the KBC Bank Group competes, in each of 
these countries, against local financial institutions, as well as subsidiaries of other large foreign financial 
groups (such as Erste Bank, Unicredit and others). 
In the rest of the world, the KBC Bank Group's presence mainly consists of KBC Bank Ireland plc, which is 
active in Ireland, and a limited number of branches and subsidiaries. In the latter case, the KBC Bank Group 
faces competition both from local companies and international financial groups. 
KBC Bank Ireland plc is a challenger bank. Its main competitors are the large domestic banks (such as Allied 
Irish Banks plc and Bank of Ireland plc). 
3.8. Staff 
In 2020, the KBC Bank Group had, on average and on a consolidated basis, about 28,838 employees (in full 
time or equivalent-numbers), the majority of whom were located in Belgium  and Central and Eastern Europe. 
In addition to consultations, at works council meetings and at meetings with union representatives and with 
other consultative bodies, the KBC Bank Group also works closely in other areas with employee associations. 
There are various collective labour agreements in force. 
3.9. Risk Management 
Mainly active in banking and asset management, the KBC Bank Group is exposed to a number of typical 
industry-specific risks such as – but certainly not exclusively – credit risk, market risks, movements in interest 
rates and exchange rates, currency risk, liquidity risk, operational risk, exposure to emerging markets, changes 
in regulations and customer litigation as well as the economy in general. Material risk factors affecting the 
Issuers are mentioned in the Section “RISK FACTORS”on page 22 and following of this Base Prospectus. 
Risk management in the KBC Group is effected group-wide.  
An overview of KBC Bank Group’s risk management approach is set out in the “Risk management” section 
on pages 46 to 80 of KBC Bank’s 2020 Annual Report, which is incorporated by reference into this Base 
Prospectus as set out in the Section “DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE” on page 162. An

--- Page 66 ---
66 
 
 
 
KBC Bank NV and CBC Banque SA – Warrants and Hedging Options Programme – Base Prospectus (2021) 
 
overview of CBC Banque’s risk management approach is set out in the “La gestion des risques et les structures 
de contrôle” (Risk management and control structures) section on pages 45 to 59 of CBC Banque’s 2020 
Annual Report, which is incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus as set out in the Section 
“DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE” on page 162.  
More detailed information can be found in KBC Group’s 2020 Risk Report, available at 
https://www.kbc.com/content/dam/kbccom/doc/investor-relations/Results/jvs-2020/risk-report-2020.pdf. 
This document is not incorporated by reference and does not form part of this Base Prospectus, and it has not 
been scrutinised or approved by the FSMA. 
3.10 Banking supervision and regulation 
Introduction: supervision by the European Central Bank 
The Issuers, credit institutions governed by the laws of Belgium, are subject to detailed and comprehensive 
regulation in Belgium, and are supervised by the European Central Bank (the “ECB”), acting as the 
supervisory authority for prudential supervision of significant financial institutions. The ECB exercises its 
prudential supervisory powers by means of application of EU rules and national (Belgian) legislation. The 
supervisory powers conferred to the ECB include, amongst others, the granting and withdrawal of 
authorisations to and from credit institutions, the assessment of acquisitions and disposals of qualifying 
holdings in credit institutions, ensuring compliance with the rules on equity, liquidity, statutory ratios and the 
carrying out of supervisory reviews (including stress tests) for credit institutions.  
Pursuant to Regulation (EU) No 468/2014 of 16 April 2014 establishing a framework for cooperation within 
the Single Supervisory Mechanism between the ECB and national competent authorities, a joint supervisory 
team has been established for the prudential supervision of the Issuers (and KBC Group). This team is 
composed of staff members from the ECB and from the national supervisory authority (in casu the NBB) and 
working under the coordination of an ECB staff member.  
The FSMA, an autonomous public agency, is in charge of the supervision of conduct of business rules for 
financial institutions and financial market supervision. 
EU regulations and directives have had and will continue to have a significant impact on the regulation of the 
banking business in the EU, as such regulations have a direct effect and directives are implemented through 
legislation adopted in each Member State, including Belgium. The general objective of the EU legislation is 
to promote the realisation of a unified internal market for banking services and to improve standards of 
prudential supervision and market efficiency through harmonisation of core regulatory standards and mutual 
recognition among EU Member States of regulatory supervision and, in particular, licensing. 
Supervision and regulation in Belgium 
The banking regime in Belgium is governed by the Banking Law as amended from time to time. The Banking 
Law replaces the Law of 22 March 1993 on the legal status and supervision of credit institutions and 
implements various EU directives, including, without limitation: 
(i) 
Directive 2013/36/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013 on access to 
the activity of credit institutions and the prudential supervision of credit institutions and investment 
firms, as last amended by Directive (EU) 2021/1338 of 16 February 2021 and as may be further 
amended or replaced from time to time (“CRD”),  to be read together with, where applicable, 
Regulation (EU) 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013 on 
prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms, as last amended by Regulation 
(EU) No 2020/873 of 24 June 2020, and as may be further amended or replaced from time to time 
(“CRR”); and

--- Page 67 ---
67 
 
 
 
KBC Bank NV and CBC Banque SA – Warrants and Hedging Options Programme – Base Prospectus (2021) 
 
(ii) 
Directive 2014/59 of 15 May 2014 establishing a framework for the recovery and resolution of credit 
institutions and investment firms , as last amended by Directive (EU) 2019/2162 of 27 November 
2019  (“BRRD”). 
CRD and CRR apply in Belgium since 1 January 2014, subject to certain requirements being phased in over a 
number of years, as set out therein. BRRD has formally been transposed into Belgian Law by amending the 
Banking Law with effect from 16 July 2016. 
The Banking Law sets forth the conditions under which credit institutions may operate in Belgium and defines 
the regulatory and supervisory powers of the ECB and the NBB. The main objective of the Banking law is to 
protect public savings and the stability of the Belgian banking system in general.  
Supervision of credit institutions 
All Belgian credit institutions must obtain a license from the ECB before they may commence operations. In 
order to obtain a license and maintain it, each credit institution must fulfil numerous conditions, including 
certain minimum paid-up capital requirements.  
In addition, any shareholder acquiring, individually or acting in concert with another person or persons, a 
‘qualifying holding’ in the credit institution (i.e. a direct or indirect holding which represents 10% or more of 
the capital or of the voting rights or which makes it possible to exercise a significant influence over the 
management of that institution) must be of “fit and proper” character to ensure proper and prudent management 
of the credit institution. Prior notification to the NBB and non-opposition by the ECB is required each time a 
person decides to acquire a qualifying holding in a credit institution or to further increase such qualifying 
holding as a result of which the proportion of the voting rights or of the capital held would reach or exceed 
20%, 30% or 50%, or so that the credit institution would become its subsidiary. If the ECB considers that the 
participation of a shareholder in a credit institution jeopardises its sound and prudent management, it may 
suspend the voting rights attached to this participation and, if necessary, request that the shareholder transfers 
to a third party its participation in the credit institution.  
Furthermore, a shareholder who decides to dispose directly or indirectly , of a qualifying holding or to reduce 
it so that the proportion of the voting rights or of the capital held would fall below 20%, 30% or 50% or so that 
the credit institution would cease to be its subsidiary, must notify the NBB thereof.  
The Belgian credit institution itself is obliged to notify the NBB of any such transfer when it becomes aware 
thereof.  
Moreover, every shareholder acquiring a holding or increasing its holding (directly or indirectly, individually 
or acting in concert with third parties) to 5% or more of the capital or of the voting rights without acquiring a 
qualifying holding, must notify the NBB thereof within ten working days. The same shall apply to a 
shareholder who no longer holds, directly or indirectly, more than 5% of the voting rights or capital in a credit 
institution. 
The Banking Law requires credit institutions to provide detailed periodic financial information to the ECB 
and, under certain circumstances, the FSMA.  
The ECB also supervises the enforcement of laws and regulations with respect to the accounting principles 
applicable to credit institutions.  
The ECB sets the minimum capital adequacy ratios applicable to credit institutions. The ECB may also set 
other ratios, for example, with respect to the liquidity and gearing of credit institutions. It also sets the standards 
regarding solvency, liquidity, risk concentration and other limitations applicable to credit institutions and the 
publication of this information. The NBB may in addition impose capital requirements for capital buffers

--- Page 68 ---
68 
 
 
 
KBC Bank NV and CBC Banque SA – Warrants and Hedging Options Programme – Base Prospectus (2021) 
 
(including countercyclical buffer rates and any other measures aimed at addressing systemic or macro-
prudential risks).  
In order to exercise its prudential supervision, the ECB may require that all information with respect to the 
organisation, the functioning, the position and the transactions of a credit institution be provided to it. Further, 
the ECB supervises, among other things, the management structure, the administrative organisation, the 
accounting and the internal control mechanisms of a credit institution. In addition, the ECB may conduct on-
site inspections (with or without the assistance of NBB staff).  
The comprehensive supervision of credit institutions is also exercised through statutory auditors who cooperate 
with the supervisor in its prudential supervision. A credit institution selects its statutory auditor from the list 
of auditors or audit firms accredited by the NBB.  
Within the context of the European System of Central Banks, the NBB issues certain recommendations 
regarding monetary controls. 
The Banking Law has introduced a prohibition in principle on proprietary trading as from 1 January 2015. 
However, certain proprietary trading activities are excluded from this prohibition. Permitted proprietary 
trading activities (including certified market-making, hedging, treasury management, and long-term 
investments) are capped, and these types of activities must comply with strict requirements on reporting, 
internal governance and risk management. 
Bank governance 
The Banking Law also puts a lot of emphasis on the solid and efficient organisation of credit institutions and 
introduces to that effect a dual governance structure at management level, specialised advisory committees 
within the Board of Directors (Audit Committee, Risk Committee, Remuneration Committee and Nomination 
Committee), independent control functions, and strict remuneration policies (including limits on the amount 
of variable remuneration, the form and timing for vesting and payment of variable remuneration, as well as 
Claw-Back Mechanics). 
The Banking Law makes a fundamental distinction between the management of banking activities, which is 
within the competence of the Executive Committee, and the supervision of management and the setting and 
monitoring of the credit institution’s strategy and objectives and risk and integrity policies, which is entrusted 
to the Board of Directors. According to the Banking Law, the Issuers have an Executive Committee of which 
each member is also a member of the Board of Directors.  
Pursuant to the Banking Law, the members of the Executive Committee and the Board of Directors need to 
permanently have the required professional reliability and appropriate experience. The same goes for the 
responsible persons of the independent control functions.  
The NBB Governance Manual for the Banking Sector (the “Governance Manual”) contains 
recommendations to assure the suitability of shareholders, management and independent control functions and 
the appropriate organisation of the business. 
As required by the Banking Law and the Governance Manual, KBC Group has drafted a Group Internal 
Governance Memorandum7 (the “Governance Memorandum”), which sets out the corporate governance 
policy applying to KBC Group and its subsidiaries and of which the governance memorandum of the Issuers 
form part. The corporate governance policy of a credit institution must meet the principles set out in the law 
and the Governance Manual. The most recent version of the Governance Memorandum was approved on 17 
December 2020 by the Board of Directors of KBC Group, KBC Bank and KBC Insurance NV.  
 
7  
This document is not incorporated by reference and does not form part of the base prospectus, and has hence not been scrutinised or approved 
by the FSMA.

--- Page 69 ---
69 
 
 
 
KBC Bank NV and CBC Banque SA – Warrants and Hedging Options Programme – Base Prospectus (2021) 
 
The KBC Group also has a Corporate Governance Charter which is published on www.kbc.com. This 
Corporate Governance Charter is not incorporated by reference and does not form part of this Base Prospectus, 
and has not been scrutinised or approved by the FSMA. 
Solvency supervision 
Capital requirements and capital adequacy ratios are provided for in the CRR, transposing the Basel III 
regulation into European law. CRR requires that credit institutions must comply with several minimum 
solvency ratios. These ratios are defined as Common Equity Tier 1 capital, Tier 1 capital or Total Capital 
divided by risk weighted assets. Risk weighted assets for credit risk are the sum of all assets and off-balance 
sheet items weighted according to the degree of credit risk inherent in them. The solvency ratios also take into 
account market risk and counterparty risk with respect to the bank’s trading book (including interest rate and 
foreign currency exposure),  operational risk, credit valuation adjustment risk and settlement risk in the 
calculation of the risk weighted assets. On top of the capital requirements defined by the solvency ratios, the 
regulation imposes a combined buffer requirement (see below). 
Solvency is also limited by the leverage ratio, which compares Tier 1 capital to the total exposure measure 
(non-risk weighted). 
The minimum solvency ratios required under CRD/CRR are 4.5% for the common equity tier-1 (“CET1”) 
ratio, 6.0% for the tier-1 capital ratio and 8.0% for the total capital ratio (i.e., the pillar 1 minimum ratios). As 
a result of its supervisory review and evaluation process (“SREP”), or its examination of internal approaches, 
the competent supervisory authority (in KBC Group’s case, the ECB): 
− can require KBC Group to maintain higher minimum ratios (i.e., a pillar 2 requirement) because, for 
instance, not all risks are properly reflected in the regulatory pillar 1 calculations and a pillar 2 
guidance to absorb adverse scenarios; 
− can take other measures such as imposing the reservation of distributable profits in whole or in part, 
requiring that variable remuneration be limited to a percentage of the profits and requiring the 
institution to limit the risk associated with certain activities or products or with its organisation, where 
appropriate by imposing the total or partial transfer of its business or network.  
On top of this, a number of additional buffers have to be put in place, including a capital conservation buffer 
of 2.5%, a buffer for systemically important banks, such as KBC Bank but not CBC Banque, (“O-SII buffer”, 
to be determined by the national competent authority) and a countercyclical buffer in times of credit growth 
(between 0% and 2.5%, likewise to be determined by the national competent authority).  
In total, this brings the fully loaded CET1 capital requirement to 10.45% (4.5% (pillar 1) + 1.75% (P2R) + 
2.5% (conservation buffer) + 1.5% (systemic buffer) + 0.20% (countercyclical buffer)), with an additional P2G 
of 1% consolidated at KBC Bank level. 
The fully loaded T1 capital and total own funds requirements amounts to 11.95% (10.45% CET1 + 1.5% AT1) 
respectively 13.95% (11.95% T1 + 2% T2). 
The fully loaded total capital requirement of CBC Banque amounts to 10.5% (8% (pillar 1) + 2.5% 
(conservation buffer)). The entire requirement of CBC Banque is satisfied using CET1, which was 19.4% as 
of 31 December 2020. 
For an overview of the regulatory capital requirements at the level of KBC Bank for 2020, as well as a 
breakdown of the total regulatory capital and solvency ratios at the level of KBC Bank as at 31 December 
2020, please refer to page 81 of KBC Bank’s 2020 Annual Report which is incorporated by reference into this 
Base Prospectus as set out in Section “DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE” on page 162. 
For an overview of a breakdown of the regulatory capital and solvency ratios at the level of CBC Banque as

--- Page 70 ---
70 
 
 
 
KBC Bank NV and CBC Banque SA – Warrants and Hedging Options Programme – Base Prospectus (2021) 
 
at 31 December 2020, please refer to page 11 and 56 of CBC Banque’s 2020 Annual Report, which is 
incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus as set out in Section “DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED 
BY REFERENCE” on page 162. 
The payment of dividends by Belgian credit institutions is not limited by Belgian banking regulations, except 
indirectly through capital adequacy and solvency requirements when capital ratios fall below certain 
thresholds. The pay-out is further limited by the general provisions of Belgian company law. 
In March 2020, the ECB published a ‘Recommendation on dividend distributions during the COVID-19 
pandemic’ in which the ECB recommends that at least until 1 October 2020 no dividends are paid out and no 
irrevocable commitment to pay out dividends is undertaken by institutions (on a consolidated level) for the 
financial year 2019 and 2020 and that institutions refrain from share buy-backs aimed at remunerating 
shareholders8. In July 2020, the ECB decided to extend this recommendation until 1 January 2021. On 15 
December 2020, the ECB called on banks to refrain from or limit dividends until 30 September 2021 and 
recommended that banks exercise extreme prudence on dividends and share buy-backs9. On 23 July 2021 the 
ECB decided not to extend beyond September 2021 its recommendation10. However, the ECB has indicated 
that banks should remain prudent when deciding on dividends and share buy-backs, carefully considering the 
sustainability of their business model and that they should not underestimate the risk that additional losses may 
later have an impact on their capital trajectory as support measures expire. 
For completeness, we note that in 2020 KBC Bank has paid a dividend of EUR 1.1 billion to its parent company 
KBC Group (intragroup payment). CBC Banque has paid a dividend of EUR 7,414,270 in 2021. 
Large exposure supervision  
European regulations ensure the solvency of credit institutions by imposing limits on the concentration of risk 
in order to limit the impact of failure on the part of a large debtor. For this purpose, credit institutions must 
limit the amount of risk exposure to any single counterparty to 25% of the total Tier 1 capital. European 
regulations also require that the credit institutions establish procedures to contain concentrations on economic 
activity sectors and geographic areas. 
Anti-money laundering  
Belgium has implemented Directive (EU) 2015/849 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 
2015 on the prevention of the use of the financial system for the purposes of money laundering or terrorist 
financing by the Law of 18 September 2017 on the prevention of money laundering, terrorist financing and on 
the limitation of the use of cash (the “Law of 18 September 2017”). This legislation imposes obligations in 
relation the prevention of money laundering and the financing of terrorism (“ML/TF”) to certain obliged 
entities, including credit and financial institutions. These obligations are related to, among others, the 
identification of the client,  the client’s representatives and ultimate beneficial owners, the identification of the 
client’s characteristics and the purpose and nature of the business relationship, the ongoing due diligence 
during the business relationship, the enhanced due diligence in particular cases (such as in case of politically 
exposed persons), the appointment of an anti-money laundering compliance officer, the training of personnel 
and the restriction on the use of cash. The implementation of measures shall be risk-based meaning that the 
measures shall be differentiated according to the obliged entities’ ML/TF risk.  
 
8  
European Banking Authority, “Statement on dividends distribution, share buybacks and variable remuneration”, 31 March 2020; European 
Banking Authority, “EBA statement on actions to mitigate the impact of COVID-19 on the EU banking sector”, 12 March 2020 
 
9  
European Banking Authority, “ECB asks banks to refrain from or limit dividends until September 2021”, 15 December 2020, available at: 
https://www.bankingsupervision.europa.eu/press/pr/date/2020/html/ssm.pr201215~4742ea7c8a.en.html#:~:text=The%20European%20Ce
ntral%20Bank%20(ECB,distributions%2C%20until%2030%20September%202021. The information contained on this website does not 
form part of this Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the FSMA. 
10  
European Banking Authority, “ECB decides not to extend dividend recommendation beyond September 2021 (europa.eu)”. The information 
contained on this website does not form part of this Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the FSMA.

--- Page 71 ---
71 
 
 
 
KBC Bank NV and CBC Banque SA – Warrants and Hedging Options Programme – Base Prospectus (2021) 
 
The Law of 18 September 2017 also imposes the obligation to promptly notify suspicious transactions to an 
independent administrative authority, the Financial Intelligence Unit. This Unit is designated to receive reports 
on suspicious transactions, to investigate them and, if necessary, to report to the criminal prosecutors to initiate 
proceedings. The NBB has issued guidelines for credit and financial institutions and supervises their 
compliance with this legislation. Belgian criminal law specifically addresses criminal offences of money-
laundering (Article 505 of the Criminal Code) and sanctions them with a prison sentence of a minimum of 
fifteen days and a maximum of five years and/or a fine of a minimum of EUR 26 and a maximum of EUR 
100,000 (to be multiplied by 8). 
Consolidated supervision – supplementary supervision  
The Issuers are subject to consolidated supervision by the ECB on the basis of the consolidated financial 
situation of KBC Group, which covers, among other things, solvency as described above, pursuant to Articles 
165 and following of the Banking Law. As subsidiaries of a Belgian mixed financial holding company (KBC 
Group) and part of a financial conglomerate, the Issuers are also subject to the supplementary supervision by 
the ECB, according to Directive 2011/89/EU of 16 November 2011 amending Directives 98/78/EC, 
2002/87/EC, 2006/48/EC and 2009/138/EC as regards the supplementary supervision of financial entities in a 
financial conglomerate (implemented in Articles 185 and following of the Banking Law). The supplementary 
supervision relates to, among other things, solvency, risk concentration and intra-group transactions and to 
enhanced reporting obligations. 
The consolidated supervision and the supplementary supervision will be aligned as much as possible, as 
described in Article 170 of the Banking Law. 
KBC Asset Management 
As from June 2005, the status of KBC Asset Management has been changed from “investment firm” to a 
“management company of undertakings for collective investment in transferable securities (UCITS)” (a 
“UCITS-management company”). Its activities are, inter alia, the management of UCITS and the 
management of portfolios of investments in accordance with mandates given by investors on a discretionary, 
client-by-client basis. KBC Asset Management is subject to detailed, comprehensive regulation in Belgium, 
supervised by the FSMA. 
 
The UCITS-management company regime in Belgium is governed by the Law of 3 August 2012 regarding 
collective investment undertakings that comply with the conditions of Directive 2009/65/EC and the 
undertakings for the investment in receivables (the “Law of 3 August 2012”). The Law of 3 August 2012 
implements various European Directives. It regulates management companies and sets forth the conditions 
under which UCITS-management companies may operate in Belgium; furthermore, it defines the regulatory 
and supervisory powers of the FSMA. 
 
The Law of 3 August 2012 contains, inter alia, the following principles: 
− 
certain minimum paid-up capital requirements and rules relating to changes affecting capital structure; 
− 
obligation for management companies to carry out their activities in the interests of their clients or of 
the UCITS they manage (e.g. creation of Chinese walls); 
− 
obligation to provide, on a periodical basis, a detailed financial statement to the FSMA; 
− 
supervision by the FSMA; and 
− 
subjection to the control of the statutory auditor.

--- Page 72 ---
72 
 
 
 
KBC Bank NV and CBC Banque SA – Warrants and Hedging Options Programme – Base Prospectus (2021) 
 
Bank recovery and resolution 
The Banking Law establishes a range of instruments to tackle potential crises of credit institutions at three 
stages: 
(i) 
Preparation and prevention 
KBC Group has to draw up a group recovery plan, setting out the measures which would be taken to stabilise 
the group as a whole or each credit institution in the group if it is in a difficult financial situation, and which 
seek to address or remove the causes of difficulties and to restore the financial situation of the group or credit 
institution, having regard also to the financial situation of other group entities. This group recovery plan must, 
in principle, be updated at least annually or after a change to the legal or organisational structure of the 
institution, its business or its financial situation, which could have a material effect on, or necessitates a change 
to, the group recovery plan. In its review of the recovery plan, the ECB pays particular attention to the 
appropriateness of the capital and financing structure of the credit institutions, of the group, and of group 
entities, in relation to the degree of complexity of their organisational structure and their risk profile. 
 
The SRB will have to prepare a resolution plan for each significant Belgian credit institution, laying out the 
actions it may take if it were to meet the conditions for resolution. The resolution college of the NBB has the 
same powers with regard to the non-significant Belgian credit institutions. If the SRB or the Resolution College 
identifies material impediments to resolvability during the course of this planning process, it can require a 
credit institution to take appropriate measures, including changes to corporate and legal structures. 
(ii) 
Early intervention 
The ECB/NBB disposes of a set of powers to intervene if a credit institution faces financial distress (e.g. when 
a credit institution is not operating in accordance with the provisions of the Banking Law), but before its 
financial situation deteriorates irreparably. These powers include the ability to dismiss the management and 
appoint a special commissioner, to convene a meeting of shareholders to adopt urgent reforms, to suspend or 
prohibit all or part of the credit institution’s activities (including a partial or complete suspension of the 
execution of current contracts), to order the disposal of all or part of the credit institution’s shareholdings or 
the transfer of all or part of the network, and finally, to revoke the license of the credit institution. 
(iii) 
Resolution 
Pursuant to the Regulation (EU) No 806/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 July 2014 
establishing uniform rules and a uniform procedure for the resolution of credit institutions and certain 
investment firms in the framework of a Single Resolution Mechanism and a Single Bank Resolution Fund and 
amending the Regulation (EU) No 1093/2010 of the European Parliament and of the Council (the “Single 
Resolution Mechanism” or “SRM”), as amended by Regulation (EU) 2019/877 of 20 May 2019, the Single 
Resolution Mechanism entered into force on 19 August 2014 and applies to credit institutions which fall under 
the supervision of the ECB. It established a Single Resolution Board (“SRB”), a resolution decision-making 
authority replacing national resolution authorities (such as the Resolution College of the NBB) for resolution 
decisions with regard to significant credit institutions. The SRB is responsible since 1 January 2016 of vetting 
resolution plans and carrying out any resolution in cooperation with the national resolution authorities (the 
SRB together with the resolution college of the NBB is hereinafter referred to as the “Resolution Authority”). 
 
The Issuers and KBC Group fall within the scope of the Single Resolution Mechanism. 
 
The resolution authority can decide to take resolution measures if it considers that all of the following 
circumstances are present: (i) the determination has been made by the resolution authority, after consulting the 
competent authority, that a credit institution is failing or is likely to fail, (ii) there is no reasonable prospect 
that any alternative private sector measures or supervisory action can be taken to prevent the failure of the 
institution, and (iii) resolving the credit institution is necessary from a public interest perspective. The 
resolution tools are: (i) the sale of (a part of) the assets/liabilities or the shares of the credit institution without

--- Page 73 ---
73 
 
 
 
KBC Bank NV and CBC Banque SA – Warrants and Hedging Options Programme – Base Prospectus (2021) 
 
the consent of shareholders, (ii) the transfer of business to a temporary structure (“bridge bank”), (iii) the 
separation of clean and toxic assets and the transfer of toxic assets to an asset management vehicle and (iv) 
bail-in.  
 
The fourth resolution tool, i.e. the bail-in tool, entered into force on 1 January 2016. It was implemented into 
Belgian law through the Royal Decree of 18 December 2015 implementing the Banking Law. Bail-in is a 
mechanism to write down the eligible liabilities (subordinated debt, senior debt and eligible deposits) or to 
convert debt into equity, as a means of restoring the institution’s capital position. The resolution authority is 
also empowered (and in certain circumstances required) to write down or convert capital instruments (such as 
Common Equity Tier 1-, Additional Tier 1- and Tier 2-instruments) and eligible liabilities, before or together 
with the use of any resolution tools. 
 
The applicability of the resolution tools and measures to credit institutions that are part of a cross-border group 
are regulated by the Royal Decree of 26 December 2015 amending the Banking Law, which entered into force 
on 1 January 2016. 
Material contracts 
No member of the KBC Bank Group has entered into any material contracts outside the ordinary course of its 
business which could result in any member of the KBC Bank Group being under an obligation or entitlement 
that is material to the Issuers’ ability to meet their respective obligations under the Warrants and the Hedging 
Options. 
Recent events 
On 16 April 2021, a Memorandum of Understanding has been concluded that could lead to a transaction in 
which Bank of Ireland undertakes to acquire virtually all of KBC Bank Ireland's performing loan assets and 
liabilities. In addition, the Group is examining its options for divesting KBC Bank Ireland's portfolio of non-
performing mortgage loans. On  30 August 2021, KBC Bank Ireland confirmed it has reached agreement to 
dispose of a non-performing mortgage loan portfolio of roughly 1.1 billion euros (Private Dwelling House 
(PDH) and Buy to let (BTL) and a small number of non-mortgage non-performing loans) in a transaction 
financed by funds managed by CarVal Investors . Successful completion of both transactions may ultimately 
result in withdrawal from the Irish market. See press releases on https://newsroom.kbc.com/kbc-bank-ireland-
enters-into-a-memorandum-of-understanding-with-bank-of-ireland-group 
and 
https://www.kbc.com/content/dam/kbccom/doc/newsroom/pressreleases/2021/20210830-pb-kbcie-npl-
portfolio-en.pdf. 
 
Starting mid-July, Belgium (and particularly the eastern part) was severely hit by several floods. This will have 
a negative impact on KBC Bank’s sister company, KBC Insurance, in the third quarter 2021, in the non-life 
technical result. The true extent of the human loss and material damage caused by these extreme weather 
conditions will become clear in the coming weeks. The Q3 2021 quarterly report of KBC Group, available on 
https://www.kbc.com/content/dam/kbccom/doc/investor-relations/Results/3q2021/3q2021-quarterly-report-
en.pdf provides a first estimated impact. 
Coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic 
Since December 2019, a significant increase of cases of pneumonia associated with the coronavirus (COVID-
19) has been reported worldwide. Initially reported in the province of Hubei in the People’s Republic of China, 
it has spread across other countries, resulting in reported infections and deaths in numerous countries and 
leading to a global pandemic. 
In addition to the human suffering caused by the pandemic itself, the coronavirus crisis has also triggered 
unprecedented economic consequences. It has become clear that the coronavirus crisis has had and will 
continue to have a significant impact for the foreseeable future, especially in particular sectors. The long-term

--- Page 74 ---
74 
 
 
 
KBC Bank NV and CBC Banque SA – Warrants and Hedging Options Programme – Base Prospectus (2021) 
 
impact on the economy will also depend on the occurrence and intensity of new outbreaks of the coronavirus, 
both as at the date of this Base Prospectus as in the foreseeable future. 
As stated in the section “Note 1.4: Impact of the coronavirus crisis” on pages 121 to 126 of KBC Bank’s 2020 
Annual Report which is incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus as set out in Section 
“DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE” on page 162, impairment on loans totalling EUR 
1,068 million was recognised for financial year 2020. It comprised collective impairment charges related to 
the coronavirus crisis for an amount of EUR 783 million (EUR 111 million captured by Expected Credit Loss 
(“ECL”) models, and a management overlay of EUR 672 million) and other impairment charges for an amount 
of EUR 285 million. As stated in the section “COVID-19 (note 1.4)” on pages 24 to 26 of the extended 
quarterly report for the third quarter of 2021 of KBC Group NV, which is available on 
https://www.kbc.com/content/dam/kbccom/doc/investor-relations/Results/3q2021/3q2021-quarterly-report-
en.pdf and is not incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus, the Group performed an update of its 
COVID-19 impact assessment in the third quarter of 2021 which resulted in a total collective COVID-19 ECL 
of EUR 368 million (versus EUR 783 million at year-end 2020). The latter implies a ECL decrease of EUR 
260 million in the third quarter of 2021 compared to the EUR 155 million ECL decrease of 1H 2021 (EUR 26 
million in 1Q 2021 and EUR 129 million in 2Q 2021). Including the total coronavirus-related ECL, the credit 
cost ratio amounted to 0.60% in 2020. Disregarding the collective coronavirus-related ECL, it would have 
been 0.16%. According to the extended quarterly report for the third quarter of 2021 of KBC Group, the credit 
cost ratio of the Group for the first nine months of 2021 stood at -0.20% (-0.10% excluding the amount 
recorded for the coronavirus crisis)11. 
For more information on the financial impact of the coronavirus pandemic on the KBC Bank Group, as well 
as a status overview of the different government and sector measures in each of the KBC Bank Group’s core 
countries, please refer to pages 121 to 126 of KBC Bank’s 2020 Annual Report, which is incorporated by 
reference into this Base Prospectus as set out in Section “DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY 
REFERENCE” on page 162. For more information on the impact of the coronavirus pandemic on CBC 
Banque, please refer to pages 41 to 44 of CBC Banque’s 2020 Annual Report, which is incorporated by 
reference into this Base Prospectus as set out in Section “DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY 
REFERENCE” on page 162. 
Although it is not possible at this stage to make a comprehensive and definitive assessment of the financial 
impact of the coronavirus pandemic, the KBC Group continues to closely monitor the situation on a daily 
basis. 
Trend information 
The main sources for this section are the European Banking Authority, the ECB and the European Commission. 
Banking sector 
Although the banking sector in some EU countries is still dealing with a legacy of non-performing loans dating 
from the Great Financial Crisis (“GFC”), the European banking sector is in much better shape to deal with the 
economic harm of the COVID-19 pandemic than on the eve of the GFC. Despite differences across countries, 
at 15.5% the average CET1 ratio (fully loaded) of the European banking sector reached a new all-time high in 
Q4 2020. Non-performing loans still declined on average for both households and non-financial corporates. 
Nevertheless, first signs of deterioration in exposures to sectors that are most affected by the COVID-19 crisis 
were visible at the end of 2020. 
Looking forward, enhanced economic governance and the banking union, which still needs to be completed, 
significantly strengthened the Eurozone architecture and offer a more stable banking sector environment than 
in the pre-GFC years. Amid a very uncertain macroeconomic environment with the impact of the coronavirus 
 
11 A negative figure indicates a net impairment release (positively affecting results).

--- Page 75 ---
75 
 
 
 
KBC Bank NV and CBC Banque SA – Warrants and Hedging Options Programme – Base Prospectus (2021) 
 
crisis lingering on, the deterioration of asset quality and uncertainty on the recovery might keep the cost of risk 
elevated. Bank profitability faces significant challenges to enhance cost efficiency in a competitive 
environment, continuously adding pressure on net interest margins and fee income. At the same time new 
technologies trigger new challenges to business models. Banks with a large customer and diversified income 
base are likely best suited to cope with these challenges. 
General economic environment and risks 
The global economic recovery remains in full swing, as shown by the latest releases of second-quarter GDP 
data. Major economies are nonetheless at different stages of the recovery trajectory, reflecting divergent 
pandemic and vaccination developments, as well as variations in policy support. To begin with, the US 
recorded another robust growth performance in the second quarter, driven by early progress with vaccination 
and a massive fiscal impulse. After two quarters of contraction, the euro area rebounded at a surprisingly strong 
pace amid progress in controlling the pandemic and a gradual reopening of the economies. Finally, China’s 
economic recovery is already in its advanced stage as the growth momentum peaked in late 2020 and economic 
activity is now slowing on a sequential basis. 
Looking forward, the pace of the recovery is expected to remain strong but to moderate somewhat in the second 
half of the year. That is to say, both the US and the euro area move past peak growth as the reopening effects 
dissipate, implying still above-potential but slower sequential growth rates. Meanwhile, China’s growth is 
expected to normalise further on the back of some fiscal and credit tightening, exacerbated by the recent drag 
from the Delta variant. In general, emerging markets are set to see particularly uneven recovery paths from the 
pandemic. Some of the less developed economies will be the weak links in the global economy, as lagging 
vaccinations and limited policy support leave them firmly in the grips of the virus. 
Overall, the economic outlook remains positive, assuming that the expansion has further to run despite being 
past peak growth in most major economies. At the same time, the rapid spread of the Delta variant of Covid-
19 has become the key concern for the global economy, creating new uncertainties around the path to 
normalisation. The highly transmissible Delta strain has become the dominant variant globally as it spreads 
quickly not only in emerging markets but also in some advanced regions with an already high level of 
immunisation. 
In addition to the rapid spread of the Delta variant, the global economy is facing increasing headwinds from 
supply chain disruptions. Against the background of strong demand conditions, many manufactures are unable 
to increase output fast enough due to pandemic-induced production cutbacks, input shortages (e.g. essential 
raw materials and most prominently semiconductors), and surging shipping costs. All this appears to be holding 
back industrial output, and weighing on growth in major economies – particularly those with a strong industrial 
backbone – as reflected by the Q2 GDP data. 
(i) 
Strong inflationary pressures 
Inflationary pressures have accelerated considerably over the summer months. Headline inflation has reached 
more than a decade high in both the euro area and the US, significantly above the central banks’ target. Since 
early 2021, the rise in inflation has been mainly driven by higher energy prices and base effects that have yet 
to fully run their course. Another inflation boost is coming from the reopening of economies, in particular, the 
sectors severely hit by lockdowns where prices are normalising from depressed levels. Finally, unprecedented 
supply-chain disruptions have led to a surge in pipeline price pressures and robust core goods inflation across 
advanced economies. 
While inflation is likely to remain elevated in the remainder of 2021 and somewhat stickier also throughout 
2022, that inflation seems currently driven mostly by transitory factors. That is to say, price pressures are 
expected to moderate eventually as the energy base effects turn more favourable (with the stabilisation in oil

--- Page 76 ---
76 
 
 
 
KBC Bank NV and CBC Banque SA – Warrants and Hedging Options Programme – Base Prospectus (2021) 
 
prices), the disruptive effects of the pandemic ease (i.e. once ‘opening up’ is completed), and supply 
bottlenecks start to abate. Importantly, the recent surge in inflation has not dislodged inflation expectations, 
which can be viewed as another argument in favour of the temporary nature of the currently elevated inflation 
prints. 
Litigation 
This section sets out material litigation to which the Issuers or any of their companies (or certain individuals 
in their capacity as current or former employees or officers of the Issuers or any of their companies) are party. 
It describes all claims, quantified or not, that could lead to the impairment of the company’s reputation or to a 
sanction by an external regulator or governmental authority, or that could present a risk of criminal conviction 
for the company, the members of the board or the management.  
Although the outcome of these matters is uncertain and some of the claims concern relatively substantial 
amounts in damages, the management does not believe that the liabilities arising from these claims will 
adversely affect the Issuers’ consolidated financial position or results, given the provisions that, where 
necessary, have been set aside for these disputes. 
Lazare Kaplan International Inc. 
Lazare Kaplan International Inc. is a U.S. based diamond company (“LKI”). Lazare Kaplan Belgium NV is 
LKI’s Belgian affiliate (“LKB”). LKI and LKB together are hereinafter referred to as “LK”. The merger 
between KBC Bank and Antwerpse Diamantbank NV (“ADB”) on 1 July 2015 entails that KBC Bank is now 
a party to the proceedings below, both in its own name and in its capacity as legal successor to ADB.  
However, for the sake of clarity, further reference is made to ADB on the one hand and KBC Bank on the 
other hand as they existed at the time of the facts described.  
(i) 
Fact summary  
Since 2008, LKB has been involved in a serious dispute with its former business partners, DD Manufacturing 
NV and KT Collection BVBA (“Daleyot”), Antwerp based diamond companies belonging to Mr. Erez 
Daleyot. This dispute relates to a joint venture LK and Daleyot set up in Dubai (called “Gulfdiam”).  
LKB and Daleyot became entangled in a complex litigation in Belgium, each claiming that the other party is 
their debtor. Daleyot initiated proceedings before the Commercial Court of Antwerp for payment of 
commercial invoices for an amount of (initially) approximately USD 9 million. LKB launched separate 
proceedings for payment of commercial invoices for (initially) an amount of approximately USD 38 million.  
At the end of 2009, ADB terminated LK’s credit facilities. After LK failed to repay the amount outstanding of 
USD 45 million, ADB started proceedings before the Commercial Court of Antwerp, section Antwerp, for the 
recovery of said amount. In a bid to prevent having to pay back the amount owed, LK in turn initiated several 
legal proceedings against ADB and/or KBC Bank in Belgium and the USA. These proceedings, which are 
summarised below, relate to, inter alia, the dispute between ADB and LKI with regard to the termination of 
the credit facility and the recovery of all the monies LKI owes under the terminated credit facility as well as 
allegations that LK was deprived out of circa USD 140 million by DD Manufacturing and other Daleyot entities 
in cooperation with ADB.  
(ii) 
Overview Legal Proceedings  
A.  
Belgian proceedings (overview per court entity) 
A.1. 
Company Court of Antwerp, section Antwerp

--- Page 77 ---
77 
 
 
 
KBC Bank NV and CBC Banque SA – Warrants and Hedging Options Programme – Base Prospectus (2021) 
 
On 16 March 2010, proceedings were initiated by ADB against LKI in order to recover the monies owed to it 
under the terminated credit facility (approximately USD 45 million in principal). LKB voluntarily intervened 
in this proceeding and claimed an amount of USD 350 million from ADB. LKI launched a counterclaim of 
USD 500 million against ADB (from which it claims any amount awarded to LKB must be deducted).  
LKI and/or LKB started numerous satellite proceedings with the sole aim to delay the decision of the Company 
Court of Antwerp, section Antwerp regarding ADB’s recovery claim (see also proceedings described under 
point A.2., A.3. and A.4.). Numerous times LKI and/or LKB were convicted for reckless and vexatious legal 
actions and were ordered to pay KBC Bank in damages for a total amount of EUR 595,000 and legal expenses 
(including the legal representation costs) of EUR 222,015.51 (including the amounts granted by the decisions 
described under point A.3 below).  
Numerous times LKI and/or LKB were convicted for reckless and vexatious legal actions and were ordered to 
pay KBC Bank in damages for a total amount of EUR 595,000 and legal expenses (including the legal 
representation costs) of EUR 222,015.51 (including the amounts granted by the decisions described under 
point A.3 below). 
All decisions (45) regarding these proceedings rejected LKI and/or LKB’s claims/ legal actions. Only three 
decisions were rendered in favor of LKI. The first was a decision of the United States Court of Appeals for the 
Second Circuit in 2013 whereby the RICO case was reversed and remanded back to the District Court on legal 
technical grounds. The second decision was the ruling of Court of Cassation dated 19 December 2019 which 
only partially annulled the Antwerp Court of Appeal decision of 13 December 2018 regarding the lack of 
reasoning in relation to the order of LKI and LKB to damages for vexatious reckless proceedings. The case 
was only sent to the Brussel Court of Appeal on this aspect.    
The third decision was the ruling of the Court of Cassation dated 25 January 2021 annulling the decision of 
the Antwerp Court of Appeals dated 28 February 2019 but only on technical legal grounds (see point A.3 
below). 
As of today after almost 10 years of litigation the Company Court of Antwerp, section Antwerp has still not 
been able to decide on the merits of the case. On 6 October 2020 the Company Court of Antwerp ordered a 
briefing schedule inviting parties to take a position on the procedural objections invoked by LK regarding the 
handling of KBC Bank's claim by the Court. A court hearing was held on 22 April 2021 and parties are awaiting 
the Court’s decision. 
A.2. 
Company Court of Antwerp, section Antwerp  
On 28 July 2014, LK launched proceedings against ADB and certain Daleyot entities. This claim is aimed at 
having certain transactions of the Daleyot entities declared null and void or at least not opposable against LK.  
LK also filed a damage claim against ADB for a provisional amount of USD 60 million based on the alleged 
third party complicity of ADB. This case is still pending. The court postponed the case sine die.  
A.3. 
Company Court of Antwerp, section Antwerp  
On 10 December 2014, LKB filed a proceeding against ADB and KBC Bank claiming an amount of 
approximately 77 million USD, based on the allegedly wrongful grant and maintenance of credit facilities by 
ADB and KBC Bank to the Daleyot entities. In its last court brief LK claims an additional amount of 
approximately 5 million USD.   
By decision of 7 February 2017, the Commercial Court of Antwerp, section Antwerp (now Company Court of 
Antwerp, section Antwerp) dismissed LKB’s claim. Moreover, the Court decided that the proceedings initiated 
by LKB were reckless and vexatious and ordered LKB to pay EUR 250,000 in damages, as well as the 
maximum legal representation cost of EUR 72,000.

--- Page 78 ---
78 
 
 
 
KBC Bank NV and CBC Banque SA – Warrants and Hedging Options Programme – Base Prospectus (2021) 
 
LKB appealed against the decision of 7 February 2017. On 28 February 2019, the Antwerp Court of Appeals 
dismissed LKB’s appeal. LKB was ordered to pay the legal representation cost for the appeal proceedings of 
EUR 18,000.  On 18 June 2019  LKB initiated proceedings before the Court of Cassation against the decision 
of the Antwerp Court of Appeals dated 28 February 2019. On 25 January 2021, the Court of Cassation annulled 
the decision of the Antwerp Court of Appeals, but only on technical legal grounds relating to the Court of 
Appeals’ assessment of the limitation period for LKB's liability claims. The case is sent to the Ghent Court of 
Appeals. 
LKI – which was not a party to the first instance proceedings – commenced third-party opposition proceedings 
against the same decision with the Commercial Court (now Company Court). By decision of 7 May 2019, the 
Company Court dismissed the third-party opposition proceedings initiated by LKI. The Court ordered LKI to 
pay the legal representation cost of EUR 1,440. 
A.4. 
Criminal complaint  
On 13 October 2016 LK filed a criminal complaint with the Investigating Magistrate at the Dutch speaking 
Court of First Instance of Brussels against KBC Bank. On 9 April 2019 LK filed an additional complaint with 
the same Investigation Magistrate against KBC Bank and certain of its (former) employees. The criminal 
complaints are based, inter alia, on: embezzlement, theft and money-laundering. 
Although this investigation started at the initiative of LK, it follows its own course and will be submitted at 
the end of it to the chambers section of the criminal court for a judgment (either dismissal of charges or referral 
to the criminal court).  
B. 
Bernard L. Madoff Investments Securities LLC and Bernard L. Madoff 
On 6 October 2011, Irving H. Picard, trustee for the substantively consolidated SIPA (Securities Investor 
Protection Corporation Act) liquidation of Bernard L. Madoff Investments Securities LLC and Bernard L. 
Madoff, sued KBC Investments Ltd (a wholly-owned subsidiary of KBC Bank) before the bankruptcy court 
in New York to recover approximately USD 110,000,000 worth of transfers made to KBC entities. The basis 
for this claim were the subsequent transfers that KBC Investments Ltd had received from Harley International, 
a Madoff feeder fund established under the laws of the Cayman Islands. This claim is one of a whole set made 
by the trustee against several banks, hedge funds, feeder funds and investors. In addition to the issues addressed 
by the district court, briefings were held on the applicability of the Bankruptcy Code's ‘safe harbor’ and ‘good 
defenses’ rules to subsequent transferees (as is the case for KBC Investments Ltd). KBC Investments Ltd, 
together with numerous other defendants, filed motions for dismissal. District court Judge Jed Rakoff has made 
several intermediate rulings in this matter, the most important of which are the rulings on extraterritoriality 
and good faith defences. 
On 27 April 2014, Judge Rakoff issued an opinion and order regarding the ‘good faith’ standard and pleading 
burden to be applied in the Picard/SIPA proceeding based on sections 548(b) and 559(b) of the Bankruptcy 
Code. As such, the burden of proof that lies on Picard/SIPA is that KBC Investments Ltd should have been 
aware of the fraud perpetrated by Madoff. On 7 July 2014, Judge Rakoff ruled that Picard/SIPA’s reliance on 
section 550(a) does not allow for the recovery of subsequent transfers received abroad by a foreign transferee 
from a foreign transferor (as is the case for KBC Investments Ltd.). Therefore, the trustee’s recovery claims 
have been dismissed to the extent that they seek to recover purely foreign transfers. In June 2015, the trustee 
filed a petition against KBC Investments Ltd to overturn the ruling that the claim fails on extraterritoriality 
grounds. In this petition, the trustee also amended the original claim including the sum sought. The amount 
has been increased to USD 196,000,000. 
On 21 November 2016, Judge Bernstein issued a memorandum decision regarding claims to recover foreign 
subsequent transfers, including the transfers which the trustee seeks to recover from KBC Investments Ltd. In 
this memorandum decision, Judge Bernstein concluded that the trustee’s claims based on foreign transfers 
should be dismissed out of concern for international comity and ordered a dismissal of the action against KBC

--- Page 79 ---
79 
 
 
 
KBC Bank NV and CBC Banque SA – Warrants and Hedging Options Programme – Base Prospectus (2021) 
 
Investments Ltd and on 3 March 2017, the Bankruptcy Court issued an appealable order denying the Madoff 
Trustee's request for leave to amend his Complaint and dismissing the Complaint. On 16 March 2017 the 
trustee Picard filed an appeal of dismissal, on 27 September 2017 the Second Circuit granted trustee Picard’s 
petition for a direct appeal, on 10 January 2018 trustee Picard filed his opening brief in appeal to Second 
Circuit. 
Briefing in the appeal was completed on 8 May 2018, and the Second Circuit held oral argument on 16 
November 2018. 
On 28 February 2019 the Second Circuit reversed the Bankruptcy Court’s dismissal of the actions against KBC 
Investments Ltd on extraterritoriality and international comity grounds. The action against KBC Investments 
Ltd has therefore been remanded back to the Bankruptcy Court for further proceedings. 
In April 2019, a request for rehearing was denied. 
On 30 August 2019, a petition for writ of certiorari was filed with the U.S. Supreme Court to consider the 
appeal and reverse the Second Circuit decision by the joint defence group. 
On 10 December 2019 the U.S. Supreme Court entered a brief order inviting the U.S. Solicitor General to file 
a brief expressing the views of the United States Government. 
On 10 April 2020, the United States Solicitor General filed a brief recommending that the Supreme Court deny 
the Madoff defendants’ petition for a writ of certiorari.  
On 2 June 2020, the U.S. Supreme Court denied the petition. As a consequence the merits of the case will be 
handled by the Bankruptcy Court. 
 
KBC still believes there is a strong basis to get the action against KBC dismissed as there are a number of 
other defences that can be raised together with the joint defence group. The procedure may still take several 
years.

--- Page 80 ---
80 
 
 
 
KBC Bank NV and CBC Banque SA – Warrants and Hedging Options Programme – Base Prospectus (2021) 
 
VII. 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE WARRANTS AND THE HEDGING  OPTIONS 
1. Warrant Conditions 
The following are the terms and conditions of the Warrants (the “Warrant Conditions”) which will apply to 
each Series of Warrants issued under the Programme. Certain information which is applicable to each Series 
of Warrants will be set out in a final terms document (the “Final Terms”). Since the Final Terms that are 
applicable to a particular Series of the Warrants (the “Applicable Final Terms”) may only be determined 
when such Series of Warrants is issued, the Warrant Conditions set out below should be read in conjunction 
with the relevant Applicable Final Terms which will be published upon each issue of Warrants in accordance 
with Article 21 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
KBC Bank NV and CBC Banque SA (together the “Issuers” and each individually an “Issuer”) have 
established a programme (the “Programme”) for the issuance of call warrants (koopwarranten/warrants 
d’achat) linked to an Underlying (as defined in Warrant Condition 1 below) (in the case of warrants issued by 
KBC Bank NV, “KBC Bank Warrants”, in the case of warrants issued by CBC Banque SA, “CBC Banque 
Warrants”, together “Warrants”). 
The Warrants are one of a Series of Warrants issued by the Issuer pursuant to a Warrant Agreement dated on 
or about 21 December 2021 (such Warrant Agreement as amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from 
time to time, the “Warrant Agreement”) between, inter alia, the Issuer and  KBC Bank NV as Warrant Agent. 
In accordance with the provisions of the Warrant Agreement, additional Warrant Agents may be appointed 
from time to time in respect of a particular Series as set out in the Applicable Final Terms of such Series. KBC 
Bank NV shall also, in accordance with the provisions of the Warrant Agreement, undertake the duties of 
Calculation Agent as set out in these Warrant Conditions and in the Applicable Final Terms. In accordance 
with the provisions of the Warrant Agreement, additional Calculation Agents may be appointed from time to 
time in respect of a particular Series as set out in the Applicable Final Terms of such Series (in which case a 
separate calculation agency agreement will be concluded between the Issuer and such Calculation Agent in the 
form set out in the schedule to the Warrant Agreement, the “Calculation Agency Agreement”). The 
expression Calculation Agent shall, in relation to the relevant Warrants, include such other specified 
calculation agent. 
The Final Terms for a particular Series of Warrants (or the relevant provisions thereof) are set out in Part A of 
the Final Terms and are attached hereto and complete these Warrant Conditions for the purposes of such 
particular Series of Warrants.  
As used herein, a “Series” means Warrants which are identical in all respects (including, for the avoidance of 
doubt, as to the Issue Date and Issue Price (such terms as defined below)) (other than the Hedging Fee which 
may vary for Warrant Holders based on criteria such as number of Warrants bought and investor profile). 
Certain provisions of these Warrant Conditions include summaries of, and are subject to, the detailed 
provisions of the Warrant Agreement. The Warrant Agreement and the Applicable Final Terms (and, if 
applicable in respect of a particular Series, any Calculation Agency Agreement) are available for inspection at 
and copies thereof may be obtained from the specified office of the Warrant Agent set out at the end of these 
Warrant Conditions during normal business hours, save that if  the relevant Warrants are not admitted to trading 
on a regulated market in the European Economic Area and the relevant Warrants are offered pursuant to an 
offer that is not a Non-exempt Offer (as specified in the Final Terms), the Applicable Final Terms will only be 
obtainable by a Warrant Holder (as defined below) holding one or more Warrants and such Warrant Holder 
must produce evidence satisfactory to the Warrant Agent as to its holding of such Warrants and identity. 
Where applicable, the Issuer and the Calculation Agent undertake to comply with Book VI of the Belgian Code 
of Economic Law in respect of Warrants issued under the Programme and subscribed to by Consumers.

--- Page 81 ---
81 
 
 
 
KBC Bank NV and CBC Banque SA – Warrants and Hedging Options Programme – Base Prospectus (2021) 
 
To the extent the Warrant Holder is a Consumer, the Issuer may not unilaterally modify an essential feature 
of the Warrants, unless: (a) in the case of the occurrence of (i) a force majeure event or (ii) an event which 
substantially alters the economics of the contract as initially agreed between the parties and which is not 
attributable to the Issuer, (b) any such modification does not create an obvious imbalance between the rights 
and obligations of the parties to the detriment of the Warrant Holder, and (c) the Issuer does not charge costs 
to the Warrant Holder for any such modification. 
Furthermore, to the extent the Warrant Holder is a Consumer, the cancellation of the Warrants provided for 
in the Warrant Conditions is only possible upon a decision of the Issuer or the Calculation Agent: (a) if (i) a 
force majeure event has occurred and (ii) the Issuer does not charge additional costs to the Warrant Holder 
for such cancellation; or (b) if (i) an event has occurred which substantially alters the economics of the 
contract as initially agreed between the parties and which is not attributable to the Issuer, (ii) such 
cancellation does not create an obvious imbalance between the rights and obligations of the parties to the 
detriment of the Warrant Holder, (iii) the Issuer does not charge costs to the Warrant Holder for such 
cancellation, and (iv) the Issuer reimburses the Warrant Holder the costs (other than the Actual Exercise 
Price, the Exercise Costs and the Exercise Expenses) already paid by such Warrant Holder pro rata in the 
following proportion: (total initial term MINUS the period elapsed at the time of such cancellation) / total 
initial term. 
The Warrants are instruments that allow the Warrant Holder to gain an exposure on an Underlying ETF Share 
or an Underlying Share. Their value may fluctuate based on, inter alia, fluctuations in the Value of the 
Underlying. The Warrants grant the Warrant Holders a right of Exercise of the Warrants (see Warrant 
Conditions (7)a), (8) and (9)) and a right to sell the Warrants either to the Issuer (see Warrant Conditions (7)b)ii 
and (11)) or to third parties in the open market (see Warrant Conditions (7)b)i and (10)). Subject to the 
applicable costs and expenses as referred to in these Warrant Conditions, in case of an Exercise of the Warrants, 
the Warrant Holders may realise a return by selling the relevant Underlying they receive upon Exercise 
provided the Warrants have an Intrinsic Value at such time. Subject to the applicable costs and expenses as 
referred to in these Warrant Conditions, in case of a sale of the Warrant, the Warrant Holders can make a return 
if (a) the Trading Price at which they are able to Sell their Warrant(s) to a third party in the open market or (b) 
the Sale Price at which they are able to Sell their Warrant(s) to the Issuer, is higher than the Trading Price or 
the Issue Price (as applicable) at which the relevant Warrant(s) was (were) acquired. 
As set out above, a number of Warrant Conditions grant or may grant the Issuer, the Calculation Agent and/or 
the Warrant Agent a unilateral right to modify certain features of the Warrants (including, but not limited to, 
the postponement of the Delivery Date, provide for a cash settlement rather than a physical delivery of the 
Underlying or making adjustments to the Entitlement and/or the Exercise Price, which are to be considered as 
substantial features of the Warrants):  
− 
Warrant Condition (8)d (Settlement Disruption); 
− 
Warrant Condition (8)e (Failure to Deliver), if specified in the Applicable Final Terms; 
− 
Warrant Condition (13)cd (Modification); 
− 
Warrant Condition (20)a (Potential Adjustment Events) (for Share Linked Warrants); 
− 
Warrant Condition (20)b (De-Listing, Merger Event, Tender Offer (if specified in the Applicable Final 
Terms), Insolvency and Nationalisation) (for Share Linked Warrants);  
− 
Warrant Condition (21)a (Potential Adjustment Events) (for ETF Linked Warrants);

--- Page 82 ---
82 
 
 
 
KBC Bank NV and CBC Banque SA – Warrants and Hedging Options Programme – Base Prospectus (2021) 
 
− 
Warrant Condition (21)b (De-listing, Merger Event, Tender Offer (if specified in the Applicable Final 
Terms), Insolvency and Nationalisation) (for ETF Linked Warrants); 
− 
Warrant Condition (22) (Additional Disruption Events): “Change in Law”, “Hedging Disruption”, 
“Increased Cost of Hedging”, “Increased Cost of Stock Borrow”, “Loss of Stock Borrow”, "Insolvency 
Filing", "ETF Cross-contamination" (for ETF Linked Warrants), "ETF Insolvency Event" (for ETF 
Linked Warrants), "ETF Modification" (for ETF Linked Warrants), "ETF Regulatory Action" (for 
ETF Linked Warrants) and/or "ETF Strategy Breach" (for ETF Linked Warrants), in each case if 
specified in the Applicable Final Terms. 
The sole purpose of these provisions is to allow the Issuer, the Calculation Agent and/or the Warrant Agent, 
as the case may be, upon the occurrence of certain events (i) which are outside of the control of the Issuer, the 
Calculation Agent and/or the Warrant Agent, (ii) which were not reasonably foreseeable at the time of issuance 
of the relevant Warrants, and (iii) to the extent that the Warrant Holder is a consumer 
(consument/consommateur) within the meaning of the Belgian Code of Economic Law (Wetboek van 
economisch recht/Code de droit économique) in Belgium (a “Consumer”), which significantly alters the 
economics of the contract as initially agreed between the parties, to make modifications to the Warrants that 
would allow the rights and obligations under the Warrants to be exercised and performed by the Warrant 
Holders in view of realising a return to the extent possible in accordance with the initially agreed terms and 
contractual equilibrium.  
Furthermore, a number of Warrant Conditions grant or may grant the Issuer, the Calculation Agent and/or the 
Warrant Agent a right to terminate and cancel the Warrants under certain circumstances:  
− 
Warrant Condition (12) (Illegality); 
− 
Warrant Condition (20)b (De-Listing, Merger Event, Tender Offer (if specified in the Applicable Final 
Terms), Insolvency and Nationalisation) (for Share Linked Warrants); 
− 
Warrant Condition (21)b (De-listing, Merger Event, Tender Offer (if specified in the Applicable Final 
Terms), Insolvency and Nationalisation) (for ETF Linked Warrants);  
− 
Warrant Condition (22) (Additional Disruption Events): “Change in Law”, “Hedging Disruption”, 
“Increased Cost of Hedging”, “Increased Cost of Stock Borrow”, “Loss of Stock Borrow”, "Insolvency 
Filing", "ETF Cross-contamination" (for ETF Linked Warrants), "ETF Insolvency Event" (for ETF 
Linked Warrants), "ETF Modification" (for ETF Linked Warrants), "ETF Regulatory Action" (for 
ETF Linked Warrants) and/or "ETF Strategy Breach" (for ETF Linked Warrants), in each case if 
specified in the Applicable Final Terms.  
Such termination and cancellation rights are only intended to be invoked by the Issuer, the Calculation Agent 
and/or the Warrant Agent, as the case may be, upon the occurrence of certain events (i) which are outside of 
the control of the Issuer, the Calculation Agent and/or the Warrant Agent, (ii) which were not reasonably 
foreseeable at the time of issuance of the relevant Warrants, and (iii) to the extent that the Warrant Holder is a 
Consumer, which significantly alters the economics of the contract as initially agreed between the parties, and 
provided that all reasonable efforts were otherwise made that would allow the rights and obligations under the 
Warrants to be exercised and performed by the Warrant Holders in view of realising a return to the extent 
possible in accordance with the initially agreed terms and contractual equilibrium. In case of cancellation, the 
Issuer is required to indemnify the Warrant Holder for the loss suffered by the Warrant Holder because of the 
cancellation. An amount based on the Fair Market Value of the Warrant (plus, if already paid, the Actual 
Exercise Price, the Exercise Cost and the Exercise Expenses) will be paid as a minimum to compensate the 
Warrant Holder. To the extent the Warrant Holder is a Consumer, if the Issuer cancels the Warrants as a result 
of the occurrence of an event which substantially alters the economics of the contract as initially agreed

--- Page 83 ---
83 
 
 
 
KBC Bank NV and CBC Banque SA – Warrants and Hedging Options Programme – Base Prospectus (2021) 
 
between the parties and which is not attributable to the Issuer, the Issuer may not charge costs to the Warrant 
Holder for such cancellation, and the Issuer will reimburse the Warrant Holder the costs (other than the Actual 
Exercise Price, the Exercise Costs and the Exercise Expenses) already paid by such Warrant Holder pro rata 
in the following proportion: (total initial term MINUS the period elapsed at the time of such cancellation) / 
total initial term. 
(1) Definitions 
For the purpose of these Warrant Conditions, the following definitions have the following meanings: 
“Actual Exercise Date” has the meaning set out in Warrant Condition (8)a. 
“Actual Exercise Price” has the meaning set out in Warrant Condition (8)b. 
“Actual Sale Date” has the meaning set out in the Warrant Condition (11)a and (11)bis(ii); 
“Additional Disruption Event” means any of Change in Law, Hedging Disruption, Increased Cost of 
Hedging, Increased Cost of Stock Borrow, Loss of Stock Borrow, Insolvency Filing, ETF Cross-contamination 
(in the case of ETF Linked Warrants), ETF Insolvency Event (in the case of ETF Linked Warrants), ETF 
Modification (in the case of ETF Linked Warrants), ETF Regulatory Action (in the case of ETF Linked 
Warrants) and/or ETF Strategy Breach (in the case of ETF Linked Warrants), in each case if specified in the 
Applicable Final Terms. To the extent that the Warrant Holder is a Consumer, Hedging Disruption, Increased 
Cost of Hedging, Increased Cost of Stock Borrow, Loss of Stock Borrow and/or ETF Modification will not be 
deemed to be an Additional Disruption Event. 
“Additional ETF Documents” means, in respect of an ETF, any documents of such ETF which are 
determined to be Additional ETF Documents by the Calculation Agent. 
“Affiliate” means in relation to any entity (the “First Entity”), any entity controlled, directly or indirectly, by 
the First Entity, any entity that controls, directly or indirectly, the First Entity or any entity directly or indirectly 
under common control with the First Entity. For those purposes “Control” means ownership of a majority of 
the voting power of an entity.  
“Agent” means any of the Warrant Agent or the Calculation Agent. 
“Applicable Final Terms” has the meaning set out in the introduction to these Warrant Conditions. 
“Belgian Code of Economic Law” means the Belgian code of economic law (Wetboek Economisch Recht / 
Code de Droit Économique) dated 28 February 2013. 
“Business Day” means (i) a day (other than Saturday or Sunday) on which commercial banks are open for 
general business (including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in Brussels (Belgium) 
and in the relevant Business Day Centre(s) and Euroclear SA/NV is open for business and (ii) for the purpose 
of making payments in euro, any day on which the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement 
Express Transfer (TARGET2) System is open. 
“Business Day Centre” means the city or cities specified as such in the Applicable Final Terms. 
“Calculation Agency Agreement” has the meaning set out in the introduction of these Conditions. 
“Calculation Agent” means KBC Bank NV in respect of any Series of respectively KBC Bank or CBC 
Banque Warrants issued under their Programmes (as applicable), unless, in respect of a particular Series of

--- Page 84 ---
84 
 
 
 
KBC Bank NV and CBC Banque SA – Warrants and Hedging Options Programme – Base Prospectus (2021) 
 
Warrants, another party is appointed as the Calculation Agent in the Applicable Final Terms for such Series, 
and any successor Calculation Agent from time to time.  
“Cash Settlement Date” has the meaning set out in Condition (11)e.  
“CBC Banque” means CBC Banque SA. 
“Change in Law” means that, on or after the Issue Date (as specified in the Applicable Final Terms) due to: 
(i) 
the adoption of or any change in any applicable law or regulation (including, without limitation, any 
tax law); or  
(ii) 
the promulgation of or any change in the interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority 
with competent jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation (including any action taken by a taxing 
authority),  
(A) 
it has become illegal to hold, acquire or dispose of any relevant Underlying or Warrant; or  
(B) 
the Issuer will incur a materially increased cost in performing its obligations in relation to the 
Warrants (including, without limitation, due to any increase in tax liability, decrease in tax 
benefit or other adverse effect on the tax position of the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates),  
and, for the purposes of this definition, sub-paragraph (B) will not be considered as a “Change in Law” if the 
Warrant Holder is a Consumer. 
“Closing Price” means, in respect of an Underlying ETF Share and a Scheduled Trading Day, the official 
Value in respect of the relevant Underlying ETF Share at the Valuation Time on such day, as determined by 
the Calculation Agent, subject as provided in Valuation Date below.  
“Dealer(s)” means KBC Bank respectively CBC Banque (as applicable) and any additional dealer appointed 
under the Programme from time to time, which appointment may be for a specific issue or on an ongoing basis.  
“Delivery Date” means, in case of Exercise of a Warrant, the date for delivery of the Entitlement in the 
relevant Underlying as set out in Warrant Conditions (8)c and (9)d. 
“Delivery Valuation Date” means the Delivery Date, provided that the Delivery Valuation Date shall be 
deemed to be a Valuation Date and the provisions of that definition shall apply. 
“Dematerialisation Notice” has the meaning set out in Warrant Condition (6).  
“Dematerialised Warrants” has the meaning set out in Warrant Condition (2).  
“Disrupted Day” means any Scheduled Trading Day on which a relevant Exchange or any Related Exchange 
fails to open for trading during its regular trading session. 
“Disruption Cash Settlement Price” in respect of any relevant Warrant shall be the Fair Market Value of 
such Warrant (taking into account, where the Settlement Disruption Event affected some but not all of the 
Underlyings comprising the Entitlement and such non-affected Underlyings have been duly delivered, the 
value of such affected Underlyings), as determined by the Calculation Agent plus, if already paid, the Actual 
Exercise Price, the Exercise Cost and Exercise Expenses (or, where some Underlyings have been delivered, 
and a pro rata portion of the Actual Exercise Price, the Exercise Cost and/or Exercise Expenses has been paid, 
such pro rata portion).

--- Page 85 ---
85 
 
 
 
KBC Bank NV and CBC Banque SA – Warrants and Hedging Options Programme – Base Prospectus (2021) 
 
“END Warrant”  means a Warrant identified in the Applicable Final Terms as an END Warrant (i.e. a Warrant  
whose Sale Price is formed and determined once intra-day by the Issuer in accordance with Warrant Condition 
(11)a(i) for Dematerialised Warrants and Condition (11)bis a(i) for Registered Warrants). 
“Entitlement” means, in respect of a Warrant of a Series, the number of the Underlyings  (including, in the 
case of Share Linked Warrants, fractions of the Underlying) which a Warrant Holder is entitled to receive upon 
Exercise of such Warrant, provided that, in the case of ETF Linked Warrants, fractions of the relevant 
Underlying ETF Share shall not be delivered and in lieu thereof a cash adjustment, calculated in accordance 
with Warrant Condition (8)g, shall be paid.  
“ETF” means any exchange traded fund specified in the Applicable Final Terms. 
“ETF Administrator” means, in respect of an Underlying ETF Share and the related ETF, any person so 
specified in the Applicable Final Terms or, if no person is so specified, the fund administrator, manager, trustee 
or similar person with the primary administrative responsibilities for such ETF according to the ETF 
Documents. 
“ETF Adviser” means, in respect of an Underlying ETF Share and the related ETF, any person so specified 
in the Applicable Final Terms or, if no person is so specified, any person appointed in the role of discretionary 
investment manager or non-discretionary investment adviser (including a non-discretionary investment adviser 
to a discretionary investment manager or to another non-discretionary investment adviser) for such ETF.  
“ETF Cross-contamination” means, in respect of an Underlying ETF Share and the related ETF, the 
occurrence of a cross-contamination or other failure to segregate effectively assets between different classes, 
series or sub-funds of such ETF, and such event is expected to continue, in the determination of the Calculation 
Agent, for the foreseeable future.  
“ETF Documents” means, in respect of an Underlying ETF Share and the related ETF, the constitutive and 
governing documents, subscription agreements and other agreements of the ETF specifying the terms and 
conditions relating to such Underlying ETF Share and any Additional ETF Documents, in each case, as 
amended from time to time. 
“ETF Insolvency Event” means, in respect of an Underlying ETF Share and the related ETF, that the ETF or 
any other entity specified in the Applicable Final Terms as an "ETF Insolvency Entity" (a) is dissolved or has 
a resolution passed for its dissolution, winding up, official liquidation (other than pursuant to a consolidation, 
amalgamation or merger), (b) makes a general assignment or arrangement with or for the benefit of its 
creditors, (c)(i) institutes or has instituted against it, by a regulator, supervisor or any similar official with 
primary insolvency, rehabilitative or regulatory jurisdiction over it in the jurisdiction of its incorporation or 
organisation or the jurisdiction of its head or home office, a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or 
bankruptcy or any other relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other similar law affecting creditors’ 
rights, or a petition is presented for its winding-up or liquidation by it or such regulator, supervisor or similar 
official, or (ii) has instituted against it a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any 
other relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other similar law affecting creditors’ rights, or a petition 
is presented for its winding-up or liquidation, and such proceeding or petition is instituted or presented by a 
person or entity not described in clause (i) above and either (A) results in a judgment of insolvency or 
bankruptcy or the entry of an order for relief or the making of an order for its winding-up or liquidation, or (B) 
is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained in each case within fifteen days of the institution or 
presentation thereof, (d) seeks or becomes subject to the appointment of an administrator, provisional 
liquidator, conservator, receiver, trustee, custodian or other similar official for it or for all or substantially all 
its assets, (e) has a secured party take possession of all or substantially all its assets or has a distress, execution, 
attachment, sequestration or other legal process levied, enforced or sued on or against all or substantially all 
its assets and such secured party maintains possession, or any such process is not dismissed, discharged, stayed

--- Page 86 ---
86 
 
 
 
KBC Bank NV and CBC Banque SA – Warrants and Hedging Options Programme – Base Prospectus (2021) 
 
or restrained, in each case within fifteen days thereafter, or (f) causes or is subject to any event with respect to 
it which, under the applicable laws of any jurisdiction, has an analogous effect to any of the events specified 
in clauses (a) through (e) above. 
“ETF Linked Warrants” means Warrants in respect of which "Underlying ETF Share" is specified as the 
Underlying in the Applicable Final Terms. 
“ETF Modification” means, in respect of an Underlying ETF Share and the related ETF, any change or 
modification of the ETF Documents of such ETF which could reasonably be expected to affect (a) the value 
of such Underlying ETF Share, or (b) the rights or remedies of any holder of any Underlying ETF Share as 
compared with those rights and remedies prevailing on the Trade Date, in each case, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. 
“ETF Regulatory Action” means, in respect of an Underlying ETF Share and the related ETF, (a) the 
cancellation, suspension, revocation of the registration or approval of such ETF or such Underlying ETF Share 
by any governmental, legal or regulatory entity with authority over such ETF or such Underlying ETF Share, 
(b) any change in the legal, tax, accounting or regulatory treatment of such Underlying ETF Share, such ETF 
or its ETF Adviser which is reasonably likely, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, to have an adverse 
impact on the value of such Underlying ETF Share or on any investor in such Underlying ETF Share, or (c) 
such ETF or any of its ETF Administrator or its ETF Adviser becomes subject to any investigation, proceeding 
or litigation by any relevant governmental, legal or regulatory authority involving the alleged violation of 
applicable law for any activity relating to or resulting from the operation of such ETF, ETF Administrator or 
ETF Adviser. 
“ETF Strategy Breach” means, in respect of an Underlying ETF Share and the related ETF, any breach or 
violation of any strategy or investment guidelines stated in the ETF Documents of such ETF in respect of such 
Underlying ETF Share which is reasonably likely, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, to affect (a) 
the value of such Underlying ETF Share, or (b) the rights or remedies of any holder of any such Underlying 
ETF Share as compared with those rights or remedies prevailing on the Trade Date. 
 
“Euro”, “EUR” or “€” means the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic 
and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty, as amended. 
 
“Exchange” means each exchange or quotation system, any successor or any substitute exchange or 
quotation system, including for the avoidance of doubt but without limitation, any regulated market. 
“Exercise or Exercise of a Warrant” has the meaning set out in Warrant Condition (8).  
“Exercise Cost” means the administrative cost that will be borne by the Warrant Holder upon its exercise of 
a Warrant as set out in Warrant Condition (8)f.  
“Exercise Expenses” has the meaning set out in Warrant Condition (9)a(vii). 
“Exercise Notice” has the meaning set out in Warrant Condition (9)a.  
“Exercise Period” means, in respect of a Warrant of a Series, the period specified in the Applicable Final 
Terms during which the Warrant Holder has the right to acquire the Entitlement in the Underlying at the 
Exercise Price.  
“Exercise Price” means, in respect of a Warrant of a Series, the price specified in the Applicable Final Terms 
at which the Warrant Holder is entitled to acquire the Entitlement during the Exercise Period (whereby such 
Exercise Price is expressed by reference to an entire share or unit of the relevant Underlying).

--- Page 87 ---
87 
 
 
 
KBC Bank NV and CBC Banque SA – Warrants and Hedging Options Programme – Base Prospectus (2021) 
 
“Expiration Date” means, in respect of a Warrant of a Series, 15:00h (CET) on the last Business Day falling 
within the Exercise Period. 
“Failure to Deliver” has the meaning set out in Warrant Condition (8)e. 
“Failure to Deliver Notice” means a written notice sent by the Calculation Agent to the relevant Warrant 
Holder(s) informing that a Failure to Deliver has occurred.  
“Failure to Deliver Settlement Price” in respect of any relevant Warrant shall be the Fair Market Value of 
such Warrant on the Actual Exercise Date (taking into account, the Underlying(s) comprising the Entitlement 
which have been duly delivered), plus, if already paid, the Actual Exercise Price, the Exercise Cost and 
Exercise Expenses (or, where some Underlyings have been delivered, and a pro rata portion of the Actual 
Exercise Price, the Exercise Cost and/or Exercise Expenses has been paid, such pro rata portion).  
“Fair Market Value”, in respect of aWarrant, means the fair market value determined by KBC Bank or the 
Warrant Agent on behalf of CBC Banque (as applicable) based on an internal model (such model is a generally 
accepted valuation model and is in scope of different internal processes at the KBC Bank’s or the Warrant 
Agent’s (acting on behalf of CBC Banque) side (as applicable); where the Issuer will be the only provider of 
Warrants on an Underlying, the Issuer bears the risk to hedge the market exposure via proxy hedging) and 
which is the result of the Intrinsic Value and the Time Value of the Warrant; 
“Final Terms” has the meaning set out in the introduction of these Warrant Conditions. 
“Hedging Disruption” means that the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates is unable, after using all commercially 
reasonable efforts, to (A) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any 
transaction(s) or asset(s) it seems necessary to hedge the equity or other price risk of the Issuer issuing and 
performing its obligations with respect to the Warrants, or (B) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any 
such transaction(s) or asset(s).  
“Hedging Fee” means the fee equal to a maximum of 3 per cent of the Issue Price payable by a Warrant Holder 
to the relevant Issuer upon purchase of the Warrants as set out in the agreement between the relevant Issuer 
and Warrant Holder.   
“Hedging Shares” means the number of Underlyings that the Issuer deems necessary to hedge the equity or 
other price risk of entering into and performing its obligations with respect to the Warrants. 
“Increased Cost of Hedging” means that the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates would incur a materially 
increased (as compared with circumstances existing on the Issue Date) amount of tax, duty, expense or fee 
(other than brokerage commissions) to (A) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or 
dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the equity or other price risk of the Issuer 
issuing and performing its obligations with respect to the Warrants, or (B) realise, recover or remit the proceeds 
of any such transaction(s) or asset(s), provided that any such materially increased amount that is incurred solely 
due to the deterioration of the creditworthiness of the Issuer and/or nay of its Affiliates shall not be deemed an 
Increased Cost of Hedging.  
“Increased Cost of Stock Borrow” means that the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates would incur a rate to 
borrow any Underlying that is greater than the Initial Stock Loan Rate. 
“Issue Date” means, in respect of a Series of Warrants, the Business Day on which such Series of Warrants is 
issued as specified in the Applicable Final Terms. 
“Issue Price” means, in respect of a Warrant of a Series, the amount per Warrant as specified in the Applicable 
Final Terms.

--- Page 88 ---
88 
 
 
 
KBC Bank NV and CBC Banque SA – Warrants and Hedging Options Programme – Base Prospectus (2021) 
 
“Issuer” has the meaning set out in the introduction to these Conditions.  
“Initial Stock Loan Rate” means, in respect of an Underlying, the Initial Stock Loan Rate specified in relation 
to such Underlying in the Applicable Final Terms. 
“Initial Warrant Value” has the meaning set out in Warrant Condition (8)b. 
“Insolvency Filing” means, in respect of an Underlying and the related Share Company or ETF, that such 
Share Company or ETF, as the case may be, institutes or has instituted against it by a regulator, supervisor or 
any similar official with primary insolvency, rehabilitative or regulatory jurisdiction over it in the jurisdiction 
of its incorporation or organisation or the jurisdiction of its head or home office, or it consents to a proceeding 
seeking a judgement of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law 
or other similar law affecting creditors’ rights, or a petition is presented for its winding-up or liquidation by it 
or such regulator, supervisor or similar official or it consents to such a petition, provided that proceedings 
instituted or petitions presented by creditors and not consented to by the Share Company or ETF, as the case 
may be, shall not be deemed an Insolvency Filing. 
“Intrinsic Value”, in respect a Warrant, the value that is based on the difference between the Value of the 
Underlying and the Exercise Price of the Warrant.  
“KBC Bank” means KBC Bank NV.  
“KBC Bank Group” means KBC Bank and all its subsidiaries. 
“KBC Group” means KBC Group NV and its subsidiaries. 
“Loss of Stock Borrow” means that the Issuer and/or any Affiliate is unable, after using all commercially 
reasonable efforts, to borrow (or maintain a borrowing of) any Underlying in an amount equal to the Hedging 
Shares at a rate equal to or less than the Maximum Stock Loan Rate. 
“Market Disruption Event” means, in respect of an Underlying when such Underlying is listed: 
− 
the occurrence or existence at any time during the one hour period that ends at the relevant Valuation Time 
of: 
(i) any suspension of or limitation imposed on trading by the relevant Exchange or Related Exchange or 
otherwise and whether by reason of movements in price exceeding limits permitted by the relevant 
Exchange or Related Exchange or otherwise: 
(A) 
relating to the Underlying on the Exchange; or 
(B) 
in futures or options contracts relating to the Underlying on any relevant Related 
Exchange; or 
(ii) any event (other than an event described in (b) below) that disrupts or impairs (as determined by the 
Calculation Agent) the ability of market participants in general (A) to effect transactions in, or obtain 
market values for, the Underlying on the Exchange, or (B) to effect transactions in, or obtain market 
values for, futures or options contracts relating to the relevant Underlying on any relevant Related 
Exchange, 
which in either case the Calculation Agent determines is material; or

--- Page 89 ---
89 
 
 
 
KBC Bank NV and CBC Banque SA – Warrants and Hedging Options Programme – Base Prospectus (2021) 
 
− 
the closure on any Scheduled Trading Day of the relevant Exchange or any Related Exchange(s) prior to 
its Scheduled Closing Time unless such earlier closing time is announced by such Exchange(s) or Related 
Exchange(s) at least one hour prior to the earlier of (i) the actual closing time for the regular trading session 
on such Exchange(s) or Related Exchange(s) on such Scheduled Trading Day and (ii) the submission 
deadline for orders to be entered into the Exchange or Related Exchange system for execution at the 
Scheduled Closing Time on such Scheduled Trading Day. 
“Maximum Stock Loan Rate” means, in respect of an Underlying, the Maximum Stock Loan Rate specified 
in the Applicable Final Terms.  
“Net Asset Value” means, in respect of any Underlying Share, the value of such Underlying Share determined 
on the basis of the value of the relevant fund’s assets minus the relevant fund’s liabilities and as made available 
by the provider of financial services in respect of the relevant fund. 
 
“Programme” has the meaning set out in the introduction of these Conditions. 
“RD 62” has the meaning set out in Warrant Condition (6). 
“Registered Warrants” has the meaning set out in Warrant Condition (2).  
“Related Exchange” means, in respect of the Underlying, each exchange or quotation system where trading 
has a material effect (as determined by the Calculation Agent) on the overall market for futures or options 
contracts relating to such Underlying.  
 
“Resolution Authority” means the Single Resolution Board (“SRB”) (established pursuant to the 
Regulation 806/2014 of the European Parliament and the Council of 15 July 2014 relating to the Single 
Resolution Mechanism) and, where relevant, the resolution college of the National Bank of Belgium (within 
the meaning of Article 21ter of the Act of 22 February 1998 establishing the organic statute of the National 
Bank of Belgium) or any successor or replacement entity having responsibility for the recovery and 
resolution of the Issuer. 
“Sale Expenses” has the meaning set out in Warrant Condition (11)b(v).  
“Sale Notice” means, in relation to (a) the Dematerialised Warrants or (b) the Registered Warrants issued prior 
to the full implementation of the Electronic Platform, an oral notice given by the Warrant Holder to the Warrant 
Agent for the sale of the Warrants to the Issuer in accordance with Warrant Condition (11)a and (11)bis a.  
“Sale of a Warrant” or “Sale” has the meaning set out Warrant Condition (11) and (11)bis. 
“Sale Price” means the price at which the Issuer may purchase a Warrant if offered to it for Sale by the Warrant 
Holder, as determined in accordance with Warrant Condition (11)a(i) and (11)bis a(i).  
“Scheduled Closing Time” means, in respect of an Exchange or Related Exchange and a Scheduled Trading 
Day, the scheduled weekday closing time of such Exchange or Related Exchange on such Scheduled Trading 
Day, without regard to after hours or any other trading outside of the regular trading session hours. 
“Scheduled Trading Day” means (i) any day on which the relevant Exchange and the relevant Related 
Exchange are scheduled to be open for trading for their respective regular trading sessions notwithstanding 
any such Exchange or Related Exchange closing prior to its Scheduled Closing Time and (ii) the Related 
Exchange is scheduled to be open for trading for its regular trading session. 
“Securities Act” means the United States Securities Act of 1933 as amended.

--- Page 90 ---
90 
 
 
 
KBC Bank NV and CBC Banque SA – Warrants and Hedging Options Programme – Base Prospectus (2021) 
 
“Securities Settlement System” means the clearing system operated by Euroclear SA/NV or any successor 
thereto.  
“(to) Sell” means, in respect of a Warrant, performing the transaction of a Sale of a Warrant.  
“Series” has the meaning set out in the introduction to these Conditions. 
“Settlement Disruption Event” means following the Exercise of the Warrant an event beyond the control of 
the Issuer as a result of which the Issuer cannot make delivery of the Entitlement to the Underlying (using the 
method for delivery of such Entitlement in the Underlying as specified in the Applicable Final Terms). 
“Settlement Disruption Event Notice” means a written notice sent by the Warrant Agent to the Warrant 
Holder(s) informing that a Settlement Disruption Event has occurred.  
“Share Company” means the fund which issues the Underlying Shares.  
“Share Linked Warrants” means Warrants in respect of which "Underlying Share" is specified as the 
Underlying in the Applicable Final Terms. 
“SICAV” means an investment company with variable capital (beleggingsvennootschap met veranderlijk 
kapitaal/société d’investissement à capital variable) within the meaning of the Law of 3 August 2012 regarding 
collective investment undertakings that comply with the conditions of Directive 2009/65/EC and the 
undertakings for the investment in receivables. 
“Taxes” means taxes, levies, imposts, duties, deductions, withholdings, assessments or other charges 
(including any stamp, registration or transfer tax, duty or other charge or tax on income, payments (or deliveries 
of assets), profits or capital gains) together with any interest, additions to tax or penalties.  
“Time Value” means, in respect of a Warrant, the value that reflects the upward potential of the Value of the 
Underlying before the end of the Exercise Period; it reflects the possibility that the Value the Underlying at 
the end of the Exercise Period exceeds the Exercise Price of the Warrant. 
“Trade Date” means the date specified as such in the Applicable Final Terms. 
“Trading Price” means in respect of a Warrant, the price for such Warrants as quoted either on any Stock 
Exchange or other trading venue where such Warrant is listed and/or admitted to trading or as determined by 
a market-maker for such Warrant. 
“Underlying” means, in respect of a Warrant of a Series, the Underlying Share or Underlying ETF Share 
specified as such in the Applicable Final Terms. 
“Underlying ETF Share” means, in respect of a Warrant of a Series, the underlying ETF share specified in 
the Applicable Final Terms, that can be acquired by the Warrant Holder upon Exercise. 
“Underlying Share” means, in respect of a Warrant of a Series, the underlying share in a SICAV managed 
by KBC Asset Management SA/NV, as specified in the Applicable Final Terms, that can be acquired by the 
Warrant Holder upon Exercise.  
“U.S. Person” means a U.S. person as defined in Rule 902(k) promulgated under the Securities Act. 
“Valuation Date” means each date specified as such in the Applicable Final Terms (or, if such date is not a 
Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day) unless if any such date is a Disrupted 
Day, then the Valuation Date shall be the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day,

--- Page 91 ---
91 
 
 
 
KBC Bank NV and CBC Banque SA – Warrants and Hedging Options Programme – Base Prospectus (2021) 
 
unless each of the eight Scheduled Trading Days immediately following the Scheduled Valuation Date is a 
Disrupted Day (such eighth day, the “Eighth Scheduled Trading Day”). In that case, the Calculation Agent 
shall determine in its absolute discretion that the Valuation Date shall be the earlier of: (a) the Eighth Scheduled 
Trading Day, in which case the Calculation Agent shall determine the relevant Value using its good faith 
estimate of such Value as of the Valuation Time on the Eighth Scheduled Trading Day; and (b) the first 
succeeding Scheduled Trading Day on which there is no Market Disruption Event.  
“Valuation Time” means, unless an alternative Valuation Time is specified in the Applicable Final Terms, 
the Scheduled Closing Time on the relevant Exchange on the relevant Valuation Date in relation to the 
Underlying to be valued. If the relevant Exchange closes prior to its Scheduled Closing Time and the specified 
Valuation Time is after the actual closing time for its regular trading session, then the Valuation Time shall be 
such actual closing time. 
“Value” means, in respect of an Underlying, the value of such Underlying based on (a) the price quoted on 
such exchange or trading venue as specified in the Applicable Final Terms or (b) in case of an Underlying 
Share, the Net Asset Value.  
“Warrant” has the meaning set out in the introduction to these Warrant Conditions.  
“Warrant Agent” means KBC Bank NV in respect of any Series of respectively KBC Bank or CBC Banque 
Warrants issued under their Programmes , unless, in respect of a particular Series of Warrants, another party 
is appointed as the warrant agent in the Applicable Final Terms for such Series, and any successor Warrant 
Agent from time to time.  
“Warrant Agreement” has the meaning set out in the introduction of these Warrant Conditions.  
“Warrant Holder” means any holder of a Warrant from time to time.  
“Warrants Register” has the meaning set out in Warrant Condition (2).  
“Warrant Value” means, in respect of a Warrant of a Series, the value of such Warrant. 
(2) Form 
The Warrants will be issued in registered form (“Registered Warrants”) and initially be represented by a 
registration in a register held by the Issuer or by the Warrant Agent on its behalf (the “Warrants Register”) 
in the name of the relevant Warrant Holder(s)).  
Upon the choice of the Warrant Holder, the form of the Registered Warrants can be changed by a process of 
dematerialisation potentially with a view of trading the relevant Warrants on Euronext Brussels (such Warrants 
the form of which has been changed by the dematerialisation process, “Dematerialised Warrants”). For these 
purposes, the Issuer will enter into a framework dematerialisation agreement with Euroclear SA/NV which 
will allow for the Warrants to be represented exclusively by book entries in the records of Euroclear SA/NV 
(or any successor Securities Settlement System) and held by the Warrant Holder through its securities account 
with the Securities Settlement System or with a direct or indirect participant in the Securities Settlement 
System. For further information on the dematerialisation process please refer to Warrant Condition (6) 
hereinafter. 
(3) Title and Transfer 
An electronic platform managed by (or on behalf of) KBC Bank or CBC Banque (the “Electronic Platform”) 
has been implemented through which the Registered Warrants are initially registered in the name of and 
assigned to the individual Warrant Holders using an individualised user name and password. The Warrant

--- Page 92 ---
92 
 
 
 
KBC Bank NV and CBC Banque SA – Warrants and Hedging Options Programme – Base Prospectus (2021) 
 
Holders will need to use this individual user name and password in case they wish to sell (or otherwise transfer) 
their Registered Warrants through the Electronic Platform. KBC Bank and CBC Banque do not charge any 
fees for the creation and maintenance of the Warrants Register.  
Title to and transfer of Registered Warrants shall pass by registration of the transfer by the Issuer (or by the 
Warrant Agent on its behalf) in the Warrants Register. Upon a sale or transfer of Registered Warrants, which 
will take place on the Electronic Platform, the parties to such sale or transfer will be required to complete the 
relevant transfer documents and certificates which can be obtained for free from the Warrant Agent.  
Title to and transfer of Dematerialised Warrants will be evidenced only by records maintained by the Securities 
Settlement System or any Securities Settlement System participants and in accordance with the applicable 
rules and procedures for the time being of the Securities Settlement System or the other Securities Settlement 
System participants, as the case may be. 
Except as ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction or as required by law, the holder of any Warrants shall 
be deemed to be and may be treated as its absolute owner for all purposes and regardless of any notice of 
ownership, trust or an interest in it, or its theft or loss and no person shall be liable for so treating the holder. 
(4) Currency 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, a Warrant may be issued, and its 
Warrant Value (and its Issue Price, Exercise Price and Actual Exercise Price) may be expressed, in euro or in 
any other currency agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) or subscriber of the relevant Series as 
specified in the Applicable Final Terms. Such currency in which a Warrant is issued and the Exercise Price at 
which the Warrant can be exercised can be different from the currency of the Underlying to which the Warrant 
is linked.  
(5) Status 
The Warrants constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuerand will 
rank at all times pari passu with all present and future unsecured obligations of the Issuer, without any 
preference among themselves and without any preference one above the other by reason of priority of date of 
issue, any currency or payment or otherwise, subject to any exceptions as from time to time under applicable 
law. 
The Warrants will not be secured by the Underlying to which such Warrant is linked. Prior to the Exercise of 
a Warrant, the Warrant does not confer on the Warrant Holder any rights (whether in respect of voting, 
distributions or otherwise) attaching to the relevant Underlying (except for the right to acquire an Entitlement 
in the Underlying at the Exercise Price). 
The Warrant Holders are qualified as senior preferred creditors under article 389/1, 1° of the Banking Law, 
and such creditors have a higher priority ranking than the so-called senior non-preferred creditors defined 
under article 389/1, 2° of the Banking Law. 
The Warrants will not bear any interest. 
(6) Dematerialisation process of the Registered Warrant 
In order to obtain a Dematerialised Warrant, the Warrant Holder will need to provide a duly completed 
dematerialisation request notice (“Dematerialisation Notice”) in the form set out in the Warrant Agreement 
(copies of which form may be obtained from the Warrant Agent) to the Warrant Agent. The dematerialisation 
request notice cannot be given through the Electronic Platform, but notice details for providing this 
Dematerialisation Notice can be found on the Electronic Platform. Upon the receipt of a duly completed

--- Page 93 ---
93 
 
 
 
KBC Bank NV and CBC Banque SA – Warrants and Hedging Options Programme – Base Prospectus (2021) 
 
Dematerialisation Notice from a Warrant Holder by the Warrant Agent, the Warrant Agent will (i) verify 
whether the relevant Warrant Holder is recorded as a Warrant Holder in the Warrants Register for the relevant 
Warrants and (ii) upon confirmation thereof, instruct the Securities Settlement System to proceed with the 
dematerialisation of the relevant Warrants. Upon confirmation of completion of the dematerialisation of the 
relevant Warrants within the books of the Securities Settlement System, the Warrant Agent will eliminate the 
relevant number of Registered Warrants from the Warrants Register and the Issuer will deliver the 
Dematerialised Warrants within ten (10) Business Days as from the day of receipt of the Dematerialisation 
Notice by the Warrant Agent request into the securities account of the Warrant Holder held with KBC Bank 
or CBC Banque (as applicable) another financial institution. Such Dematerialisation Notice cannot be given 
through the Electronic Platform.  
Administrative costs will be charged by the Issuer and/or the Warrant Agent to the Warrant Holder for the 
dematerialisation of Registered Warrants. Such costs will be based on the tariffs applicable at the time of 
receipt of such Dematerialisation Notice by the Warrant Agent and which are set out (and updated from time 
to time) in the tariff card published by the Issuer on the Issuer’s website under page: https://kbc-
pdf.kbc.be/vermogensopbouw/tarieven_effecten_nl.pdf 
regarding 
KBC 
Bank 
Warrants 
and 
https://www.cbc.be/particuliers/fr/informations-legales/tarifs-2020.html regarding CBC Banque Warrants. 
By delivery of the Dematerialisation Notice by the Warrant Holder, the Warrant Holder shall be deemed to 
have acknowledged that the provisions referred to in article 17 of the Coordinated Royal Decree No. 62 of 10 
November 1967 governing the custody of transferable financial instruments and the settlement of transactions 
on these instruments (“RD 62”) apply to the relevant Dematerialised Warrants after dematerialisation and 
consented thereto. RD 62 creates a legal framework for the custody and transfer of fungible financial 
instruments in a book entry system. RD 62 in particular defines the type of claims an account holder (in the 
present case, the Warrant Holder) has against the intermediaries within the book entry system with whom it 
holds its financial instruments on account (in the present case, the financial institution with whom the Warrant 
Holder holds the Dematerialised Warrants) and creates certain in rem rights to reclaim the financial instruments 
in case of insolvency of the intermediary with whom the financial instruments are held, protecting the account 
holder.   
(7) Exercise and Sale 
Prior to the Expiration Date, a Warrant grants the Warrant Holder a right of (i) Exercise of the Warrant; (ii) 
Sale of the Warrant to a third party in the open market; and (iii) Sale of the Warrant to the Issuer. The Sale of 
Registered Warrants to the Issuer is initiated through the Electronic Platform, while the Exercise of Warrants, 
the Sale of Dematerialised Warrants to the Issuer and the sale of Dematerialised Warrants to a third party in 
the open market cannot be initiated through the Electronic Platform. For further information on the initiation 
of the Exercise of Warrants please refer to Warrant Condition (9)a juncto Warrant Condition (8)a. For further 
information on the initiation of the Sale of Dematerialised Warrants to the Issuer, please refer to Warrant 
Condition (11)a. For further information on the initiation of the sale of Dematerialised Warrants to a third party 
in the open market, please refer to Warrant Condition (10)).  
a) Exercise of Warrants 
b) The Warrants – both the Registered Warrants and the Dematerialised Warrants - of each Series are 
call warrants (koopwarranten/warrants d’achat) linked to an Underlying providing the relevant 
Warrant Holder a contractual right (schuldvordering/créance) against the Issuer to acquire an 
Entitlement at a predetermined Exercise Price during a predetermined Exercise Period. For further 
information on the right to Exercise a Warrant and the procedure governing such Exercise, please refer 
to Warrant Condition (8) and Warrant Condition (9) hereinafter.Sale of Warrants  
 
• 
Sale of Warrants to a third party in the open market

--- Page 94 ---
94 
 
 
 
KBC Bank NV and CBC Banque SA – Warrants and Hedging Options Programme – Base Prospectus (2021) 
 
The Warrant Holder has the right to sell its Warrant(s) – both the Registered Warrants and 
the Dematerialised Warrants - to a third party in the open market. For a further description 
on the right of Sale of a Warrant to a third party, please refer to Warrant Condition (10) 
hereinafter. 
• 
Sale of Warrants to the Issuer 
In addition, the Warrant Holder may offer its Warrant(s) – both the Registered Warrants 
and the Dematerialised Warrants – for sale to the Issuer and the Issuer has the right, 
without this being an obligation, to accept such offer as provided in Warrant Condition 
(11) and Warrant Condition (11)bis.  
A Warrant which is not Exercised prior to or on the Expiration Date by the Warrant Holder, shall 
become void and expire worthless. 
(8) Exercise Rights  
On the basis of a Warrant, the Warrant Holder may on any Business Day during the Exercise Period exercise 
the right to acquire an Entitlement in the Underlying at a predetermined Exercise Price (“Exercise of a 
Warrant” or “Exercise”).  
Prior to the Exercise of a Warrant, the Warrant does not confer on the Warrant Holder any rights (whether in 
respect of voting, distributions or otherwise) attaching to the relevant Underlying (except for the right to 
acquire an Entitlement in the Underlying at the Exercise Price).  
Following the Exercise of a Warrant in accordance with the Warrant Conditions, the Warrant Holder who is 
acquiring the Entitlement in the Underlying by Exercising the Warrant will have full title to the Entitlement in 
the Underlying and all rights attached thereto. 
a. Exercise Period  
A Warrant is Exercisable on any Business Day during the Exercise Period (until the Expiration Date).  
A Warrant Holder can autonomously choose to Exercise its Warrants of a particular Series at once or in 
multiple transactions.  
In order to Exercise a Warrant, the Warrant Holder will need to provide an Exercise Notice to the Warrant 
Agent and respect the other Exercise procedures as specified in Warrant Condition (9). Any Warrant with 
respect to which no Exercise Notice has been delivered in the manner set out in Warrant Condition (9) prior 
to the Expiration Date shall become void and expire worthless.  
The Business Day during the Exercise Period on which an Exercise Notice is delivered prior to 15:00h (CET) 
to the Warrant Agent (by e-mail or physically at the address set out in Warrant Condition (14)), is referred to 
herein as the “Actual Exercise Date”. If any Exercise Notice is received by the Warrant Agent after 15:00h 
(CET) on any Business Day during the Exercise Period, such Exercise Notice will be deemed to have been 
delivered on the immediately succeeding Business Day (which Business Day shall in such case be deemed to 
be the Actual Exercise Date, provided that any Warrant in respect of which no Exercise Notice has been 
delivered in the manner set out in Warrant Condition (9) prior to the Expiration Date shall become void). 
The Exercise Notice will be deemed to have been delivered at such time it is personally delivered by the 
Warrant Holder at the KBC branch or the CBC branch (as applicable) where the Warrant Holder holds its 
securities account.

--- Page 95 ---
95 
 
 
 
KBC Bank NV and CBC Banque SA – Warrants and Hedging Options Programme – Base Prospectus (2021) 
 
Any damage due to the Exercise Notice being sent outside the agreed Exercise Period cannot be 
recovered in any way from the Issuer save in case of gross negligence or wilful misconduct of the Issuer 
or its agents. 
b. Exercise Price, Entitlement and Actual Exercise Price 
The Exercise Price for a Warrant of a given Series will be set by the Issuer (or the Warrant Agent on its behalf) 
on the relevant Issue Date based on the Value of the Underlying (and will hence be expressed by reference to 
an entire share or unit in the Underlying). The Issuer (or the Warrant Agent on its behalf) will also set an initial 
value for a Warrant of such Series, which is equal to the Issue Price excluding any hedging costs, commission 
and other costs related to the issuance of the Warrant) (the “Initial Warrant Value”). The Issuer (or the 
Warrant Agent on its behalf) will then determine the Entitlement in the Underlying that can be acquired upon 
Exercise of such Warrant (by calculating the proportion of the Initial Warrant Value compared to the Issue 
Price on the Issue Date). The “Actual Exercise Price” is the actual proportion of the Exercise Price that needs 
to be paid by the Warrant Holder upon Exercise of a single Warrant for the acquisition of the Entitlement.  
c. Physical Delivery of the Underlying following Exercise   
A Warrant entitles its Warrant Holder, upon due Exercise of such Warrant, to receive from the Issuer on the 
third Business Day following the Actual Exercise Date (in case of a Registered Warrant) or on the fifth 
Business Day following the Actual Exercise Date (in case of a Dematerialised Warrant) the Entitlement per 
Warrant subject to payment of the relevant Actual Exercise Price and any other sums payable in accordance 
with Warrant Condition (8)f. The method of delivery of the Entitlement is set out in the Applicable Final 
Terms.  
Warrants of the same Series Exercised at the same time by the same Warrant Holder will be aggregated for the 
purpose of determining the aggregate Entitlements in respect of such Warrants.  
In the case of Share Linked Warrants, the exact aggregate Entitlements of the same Warrant Holder will be 
delivered without any rounding up or down to the nearest whole share or unit of the relevant Underlying Share.  
In the case of ETF Linked Warrants, the Entitlement or the aggregate Entitlements of the same Warrantholder 
will be rounded down to the nearest whole unit of the relevant Underlying ETF Share, in such manner as the 
Calculation Agent shall determine acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner. Fractions of 
the Underlying ETF Share will not be delivered and in lieu thereof a cash adjustment calculated by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with Warrant Condition (8)g below shall be paid to the Warrantholder.  
A Warrant can only be Exercised by the Warrant Holder and the Issuer is only required to deliver the 
Entitlement to the Warrant Holder provided the Warrant Holder pays the full amount of Actual Exercise Price 
and any other sums payable and any other sums payable in accordance with Warrant Condition (8)f to the 
Issuer. In order to be able to pay such amounts, a Warrant Holder will need to dispose of a cash account held 
with KBC Bank or CBC Banque (as applicable) credited with sufficient funds which can be debited by the 
Issuer on the Actual Exercise Date. 
Following Exercise of a Warrant, all dividends relating to the relevant Underlying to be delivered will be 
payable to the party that would be entitled to receive such dividends in accordance with market practice 
applicable to a sale of the Underlying executed on the relevant Actual Exercise Date and to be delivered in the 
same manner as such relevant Underlying. Any such dividends to be paid to a Warrant Holder will be paid to 
the account specified by the Warrant Holder in the relevant Exercise Notice as referred to in Warrant Condition 
(9)a.

--- Page 96 ---
96 
 
 
 
KBC Bank NV and CBC Banque SA – Warrants and Hedging Options Programme – Base Prospectus (2021) 
 
The Warrant Conditions do not provide for a cash settlement of the Warrants following their Exercise, only 
for a physical delivery of the Entitlement to the Underlying. Following Exercise of its Warrant and physical 
delivery of its Entitlement to the Underlying, the investor will be exposed to fluctuations in the Value of the 
Underlying and will have to sell such Underlying in the open market in order to receive cash, which will entail 
certain costs.  
d. Settlement Disruption 
If, following the Exercise of a Warrant, delivery of the Entitlement is not possible by reason of a Settlement 
Disruption Event having occurred and continuing prior to such Delivery Date, then the Delivery Date for such 
Warrant shall be postponed until the Business Day falling three (3) Business Days after the date in respect of 
which no such Settlement Disruption Event applies, provided that the Issuer shall make all commercially 
reasonable efforts to satisfy its obligations in respect of the relevant Warrant by delivering the Entitlement 
using such other commercially reasonable manner as is available to it and in such event the Delivery Date shall 
be such day on which the Issuer is able to proceed with the delivery of the Entitlement in such other 
commercially reasonable manner.  
For so long as delivery of the Entitlement is not possible by reason of a Settlement Disruption Event and it is 
not reasonably to be expected that the Issuer shall be able to satisfy its obligations in respect of the relevant 
Warrant by delivering the Entitlement using such other commercially reasonable manner as are available to it, 
then in lieu of physical delivery and notwithstanding any other provision hereof, the Issuer may also elect 
satisfy its obligations in respect of the relevant Warrant by payment to the relevant Warrant Holder of the 
Disruption Cash Settlement Price on the fifth (5th) Business Day following the date that notice of such election 
is given to the relevant Warrant Holder(s) in accordance with Warrant Condition (14)a. Payment of the 
Disruption Cash Settlement Price will be made in such manner as shall be notified to the relevant Warrant 
Holder(s) in accordance with (14)a.  
The Calculation Agent shall give the Settlement Disruption Event Notice to the relevant Warrant Holder(s) in 
accordance with Warrant Condition (14)a as soon as practicable after that a Settlement Disruption Event has 
occurred. No Warrant Holder shall be entitled to any payment in respect of the relevant Warrant(s) in the event 
of any delay in the delivery of the Entitlement due to the occurrence of a Settlement Disruption Event and no 
liability in respect thereof shall attach to the Issuer.  
e. Failure to Deliver 
If “Failure to Deliver” is specified as applying in the Applicable Final Terms and, following the Exercise of 
relevant Warrant(s), the Calculation Agent establishes it is impossible to deliver, when due, some or all of the 
Underlyings comprising the Entitlement (the “Affected Underlyings”), where such failure to deliver is due 
to illiquidity in the market for the Underlying (a “Failure to Deliver”), then 
(i) subject as provided elsewhere in these Warrant Conditions, any Underlyings which are not Affected 
Underlyings, will be delivered on the originally designated Delivery Date and the Calculation Agent 
shall determine the Actual Exercise Price to be paid by the relevant Warrant Holder(s) in respect of 
that partial delivery; and 
 
(ii) in respect of any Affected Underlyings, in lieu of physical delivery and notwithstanding any other 
provision hereof, the Issuer will satisfy its obligations in respect of the relevant Warrant(s) by 
payment to the relevant Warrant Holder(s) of the Failure to Deliver Settlement Price on the fifth (5th) 
Business Day following the date that notice of such election is given to the Warrant Holders in 
accordance with Warrant Condition (14)a.

--- Page 97 ---
97 
 
 
 
KBC Bank NV and CBC Banque SA – Warrants and Hedging Options Programme – Base Prospectus (2021) 
 
The Calculation Agent shall give a Failure to Deliver Notice as soon as practicable to the Warrant Holders in 
accordance with Warrant Condition (14)a. 
f. Costs and Expenses 
In case of Exercise of a Warrant, an administrative cost will be due by the Warrant Holder (the “Exercise 
Costs”), as well as a flat fee. Such Exercise Costs will be based on the tariffs applicable at the Actual Exercise 
Date and which are set out (and updated from time to time) in the tariff card published by the Issuer on the 
Issuer’s website under page: https://kbc-pdf.kbc.be/vermogensopbouw/tarieven_effecten_nl.pdf regarding 
KBC Bank Warrants and  https://www.cbc.be/particuliers/fr/informations-legales/tarifs-2020.html regarding 
CBC Banque Warrants. 
Furthermore, the Warrant Holder will be liable for any Exercise Expenses (as defined in Warrant Condition 
(9)a)) that would become due.  
g. Cash Adjustment for ETF Linked Warrants 
In the case of ETF Linked Warrants where the Entitlement or aggregate Entitlements of the same Warrant 
Holder comprise a fraction of the relevant Underlying ETF Share (the “Fractional Entitlement”), the 
Calculation Agent shall determine the cash adjustment due to the relevant Warrant Holder upon Exercise of 
the relevant ETF Linked Warrant(s) by multiplying the Fractional Entitlement by the result of (x) the Closing 
Price on the Delivery Valuation Date (y) less the Exercise Price. 
(9) Exercise Procedure 
a. Exercise Notice  
Warrants may only be Exercised by the delivery of a duly completed exercise notice (an “Exercise Notice”) 
in the form set out in the Warrant Agreement (copies of which form may be obtained from the Warrant Agent 
at the KBC Bank office or CBC Banque office where the cash account of the Warrant Holder is held (or at 
such other places as would be notified to the Warrant Holders in accordance with Warrant Condition (14)) to 
the Warrant Agent, in accordance with the provisions set out in Warrant Condition (8) and this Warrant 
Condition. The Exercise Notice cannot be delivered through the Electronic Platform (but contact details to 
obtain the Exercise Notice are available on the Electronic Platform).  
The Exercise Notice shall:  
 
(i) 
specify the Series number of the Warrants and the number of Warrants being Exercised; 
 
(ii) 
specify the number of the Warrant Holder’s cash account at KBC Bank or CBC Banque (as 
applicable) to be debited with the Actual Exercise Price, Exercise Costs and Exercise Expenses 
in accordance with Warrant Condition (8)c; 
 
(iii) 
in case of Registered Warrants, irrevocably instruct the Warrant Agent to deregister on or before 
the Delivery Date the Warrants Register with the Warrants being Exercised; 
 
(iv) 
in case of Dematerialised Warrants, specify the number of the Warrant Holder’s securities account 
at KBC Bank or CBC Banque (as applicable) on which the Warrants are held that are being 
Exercised; 
 
(v) 
in case of Dematerialised Warrants, irrevocably instruct the Warrant Agent to debit on or before 
the Delivery Date the Warrant Holder's securities account with the Warrants being Exercised;

--- Page 98 ---
98 
 
 
 
KBC Bank NV and CBC Banque SA – Warrants and Hedging Options Programme – Base Prospectus (2021) 
 
 
(vi) 
irrevocably instruct the Issuer to debit on the Actual Exercise Date, the Actual Exercise Price, the 
Exercise Costs and the Exercise Expenses in respect of the Warrants that are being Exercised 
from the cash account of the Warrant Holder; 
 
(vii) 
include an undertaking to pay, in addition to the Actual Exercise Price and the Exercise Costs, all 
taxes, duties and/or expenses, as applicable, including, without limitation, any applicable 
depository charges, transaction or exercise charges, stamp duty, stamp duty reserve tax, issue, 
registrations, securities transfer and/or other taxes or duties arising from the Exercise of such 
Warrants and/or the delivery or transfer of the Entitlement pursuant to the terms of such Warrants 
(“Exercise Expenses”) and an authority to the Issuer to debit a specified account of the Warrant 
Holder at KBC Bank or CBC Banque (as applicable) to pay such Actual Exercise Price, Exercise 
Costs and Exercise Expenses; 
 
(viii) 
specify the name and the number of the Warrant Holder’s securities account with KBC Bank or 
CBC Banque (as applicable) for the delivery of the Entitlement, or any dividends relating to the 
Entitlement, and the name and the number of the Warrant Holder’s cash account with KBC Bank 
or CBC Banque (as applicable) for any cash amount as a result of the occurrence of a Settlement 
Disruption Event or a Failure to Deliver and the Issuer electing to pay the Disruption Cash 
Settlement Price or Failure to Deliver Settlement Price, as applicable, or, in the case of ETF 
Linked Warrants, for any cash amount due as a result of the relevant Entitlement or aggregate 
Entitlements comprising a fraction of the relevant Underlying ETF Share; 
 
(ix) 
certify, inter alia, that the beneficial owner of each Warrant being Exercised is not a U.S. Person; 
and 
 
(x) 
authorise the production of such certification in any applicable administrative or legal 
proceedings, 
 
all as provided in the Warrant Agreement. 
b. Verification of Exercise Notice and Warrant Holder 
To Exercise Warrants, the Warrant Holder must duly complete an Exercise Notice and must own and be able 
to dispose of Warrants in the amount being Exercised, as reflected in the Warrants Register (in respect of 
Registered Warrants) or in its securities account with KBC Bank or CBC Banque (as applicable) (in respect 
of Dematerialised Warrants) on the Actual Exercise Date. The Warrant Agent will, in accordance with its 
normal operating procedures, verify that each person Exercising such Warrants is the holder of the 
corresponding Warrants (either, by verifying the Warrants Register in case of Registered Warrants or by 
verifying, in case of Dematerialised Warrants, the securities account of such Warrant Holder at KBC Bank or 
CBC Banque (as applicable) in which the Dematerialised Warrants are held as designated in the Exercise 
notice). 
If the Exercise Notice is, in the determination of the Warrant Agent, improperly completed, or sufficient 
Warrants are not available as reflected in the Warrants Register or in the designated securities account on the 
Actual Exercise Date, the Exercise Notice will be treated as null and void and the Warrant Agent will inform 
the Warrant Holder, as soon as reasonably practicable, that a new duly completed Exercise Notice must be 
submitted if Exercise of the Warrant Holder’s Warrants is still desired.

--- Page 99 ---
99 
 
 
 
KBC Bank NV and CBC Banque SA – Warrants and Hedging Options Programme – Base Prospectus (2021) 
 
c. Notification to the Issuer 
The Warrant Agent shall notify the Issuer in writing not later than the Actual Exercise Date of the effectiveness 
of the Exercise Notice, as well as the number of the cash account and securities account of the Warrant Holder. 
d. Delivery of the Underlying  
Subject to payment of the aggregate Actual Exercise Price(s) and payment of any Exercise Costs and Exercise 
Expenses with regard to the relevant Warrants and subject to Warrant Condition (8)c, the Issuer shall on the 
Delivery Date deliver, or procure the delivery of, the Entitlement for each duly Exercised Warrant pursuant to 
the details specified in the Exercise Notice to a securities account held with KBC Bank or CBC Banque (as 
applicable).  
The Issuer may refuse to comply with an Exercise Notice and deliver the Entitlement of the Underlying if the 
necessary amounts required to settle the aggregate amount of the Actual Exercise Price(s), the Exercise 
Expenses and the Exercise Costs, payable upon Exercise by the Warrant Holder are not available in the 
designated account with KBC Bank or CBC Banque (as applicable) on the Actual Exercise Date. In such the 
Warrant Agent will inform the Warrant Holder of the missing amounts that must still be made available in the 
designated account if Exercise of the Warrant Holder’s Warrants is still desired or indicate that alternatively 
the Warrant Holder can Sell its Warrants in accordance with Warrant Condition (11) and (11)bis. 
e. Determinations 
Any determination as to whether an Exercise Notice is duly completed shall be made by the Warrant Agent, 
and shall be conclusive and binding on the Issuer, the Warrant Agent and the relevant Warrant Holder. Subject 
as set out below, any Exercise Notice so determined to be incomplete or not in proper form, shall be null and 
void. 
If such Exercise Notice is subsequently corrected to the satisfaction of the Warrant Agent, it shall be deemed 
to be a new Exercise Notice submitted at the time such correction was delivered to the Warrant Agent. If any 
such corrected Exercise Notice is received after the Expiration Date specified in Warrant Condition (8)a, it 
shall still be accepted provided that the Warrant Agent receives such corrected Exercise Notice at the latest on 
the Business Day following the day of receipt by the Warrant Holder of the request by the Warrant Agent in 
accordance with Warrant Condition (9)b that a new Exercise Notice is to be submitted.  
In the absence of negligence or wilful misconduct on its part, none of the Issuer or the Warrant Agent, shall be 
liable to any person (except to any Warrant Holder which is a Consumer) with respect to any action taken or 
omitted to be taken by it in connection with the determination whether the Exercise Notice was duly completed 
or the notification of such determination to a Warrant Holder. In respect of any Warrant Holder that is a 
Consumer, the Issuer shall be responsible for any action taken or omitted to be taken by it or its agents in 
connection with the determination whether the Exercise Notice was duly completed or the notification of such 
determination to a Warrant Holder, save in case of force majeure. 
f. Exercise Risk 
Exercise of the Warrants and delivery of the Entitlement to the Underlying by the Issuer is subject to all 
applicable laws, regulations and practices in force on the relevant Actual Exercise Date and none of the Issuer, 
the Warrant Agent or the Calculation Agent shall incur any liability whatsoever if it is unable in case of force 
majeure to effect the transactions contemplated as a result of any such laws, regulations or practices. 
Notwithstanding such applicable laws, regulations and practices in force on the relevant Actual Exercise Date 
which would affect the Exercise of the Warrants and delivery of the Entitlement on the Actual Exercise Date, 
the Warrants will in such case however remain valid and exercisable on a later date until the Expiration Date.

--- Page 100 ---
100 
 
 
 
KBC Bank NV and CBC Banque SA – Warrants and Hedging Options Programme – Base Prospectus (2021) 
 
None of the Issuer, the Warrant Agent or the Calculation Agent shall under any circumstances, save in case 
of their gross negligence or wilful misconduct, be liable for any acts or defaults of the Securities Settlement 
System or any Securities Settlement System participant in relation to the performance of its duties in relation 
to the Warrants. Each of the Issuer, the Warrant Agent and the Calculation Agent however undertake to use 
all reasonable efforts in such case to assist the Warrant Holder(s) in recovering their losses from the Securities 
Settlement System or any Securities Settlement System participant. 
g. Effect of Exercise Notice 
Delivery of an Exercise Notice shall constitute an irrevocable election and undertaking by the Warrant Holder 
to Exercise the Warrant(s) specified herein, provided that the person Exercising and delivering such Exercise 
Notice is the person then appearing in the Warrants Register or the holder of the relevant securities account 
into which the relevant Warrant is held. If the person Exercising and delivering the Exercise Notice is not the 
person so appearing, such Exercise Notice shall for all purposes become null and void and shall be deemed 
not to have been so delivered.  
After the delivery of an Exercise Notice (other than an Exercise Notice delivered after the Expiration Date), 
the Warrant Holder specified in such Exercise Notice may not otherwise transfer such Warrants. 
Notwithstanding this, if any Warrant Holder does so transfer or attempt to transfer such Warrants, the Warrant 
Holder will be liable to the Issuer for any losses, costs and expenses suffered or incurred by the Issuer including 
those suffered or incurred as a consequence thereof.  
(10) Sale of Dematerialised Warrants in the open market 
Following dematerialisation in accordance with Warrant Condition (6), the Warrants may also be traded and 
sold to a third party through the regulated market of Euronext Brussels. The market for the Warrants is a fixing 
market with the relevant sale prices being fixed twice a day.    
A Warrant Holder wishing to sell its Registered Warrants through the regulated market of Euronext Brussels, 
will first need to contact its contact person on kbcoptionplan@kbc.be (for both KBC Bank and CBC Banque 
Warrants) or on another mail-address as mentioned on the Electronic Platform. The Issuer will provide the 
Warrant Holder with the required documentation. Per request of the Warrant Holder, the Warrants will be 
dematerialised in accordance with Warrant Condition (6) and will be booked on a securities account of such 
Warrant Holder at KBC Bank or CBC Banque (as applicable) in order to sell to a third party through the 
regulated market of Euronext Brussels. 
In case of a transfer of a Warrant by way of a stock exchange trade on Euronext Brussels, administrative cost 
will be due by the Warrant Holder as set out (and updated from time to time) in the tariff card published by 
the 
Issuer 
on 
the 
Issuer’s 
website 
under 
page: 
https://kbc-
pdf.kbc.be/vermogensopbouw/tarieven_effecten_nl.pdf 
in 
case 
of 
KBC 
Bank 
Warrants 
and 
https://www.cbc.be/particuliers/fr/informations-legales/tarifs-2020.html in case of CBC Banque Warrants. 
(11) Sale of Dematerialised Warrants to the Issuer 
a. Sale 
This Warrant Condition (11) is only applicable to Dematerialised Warrants.  
Besides a sale of the Dematerialised Warrants in the open market (as set out in Warrant Condition (10) above), 
a Warrant Holder also has the right to offer its Dematerialised Warrants for sale to the Issuer in accordance

--- Page 101 ---
101 
 
 
 
KBC Bank NV and CBC Banque SA – Warrants and Hedging Options Programme – Base Prospectus (2021) 
 
with the terms of this Warrant Condition (11) and the Issuer has the right, without this being an obligation, to 
accept such offer (“Sale of a Warrant” or “Sale”).  
Each of the Issuer or any person directly or indirectly connected with the Issuer may also, but is not obliged 
(except to the extent the Issuer acts as market-maker in respect of Dematerialised Warrants admitted to be 
traded on Euronext Brussels), at any time purchase Dematerialised Warrants at any price in the open market 
or otherwise (including, but without limitation, by tender or private transaction). Any Dematerialised Warrants 
so purchased may be held or resold or surrendered for cancellation. 
The Issuer may agree to purchase the Dematerialised Warrants (without this being an obligation, except to the 
extent the Issuer acts as market-maker in respect of Dematerialised Warrants admitted to trading on Euronext 
Brussels) at the Sale Price indicatively mentioned on the website https:/warrant.esop.kbc.beat such time as 
determined in accordance with the table set out in Warrant Condition (11)a(i). The Sale Price of the 
Dematerialised Warrants is subject to stock exchange fluctuations throughout the day. The Sale Price of the 
Dematerialised Warrants shall be formed and determined: 
(a) for Warrants other than END Warrants, twice intra-day by KBC Bank or the Warrant Agent on 
behalf of CBC Banque (as applicable), a first time at 9:00h (CET) in the morning and the second 
time at 12:00h (CET) noon, and posted on the website https:/warrant.esop.kbc.be) for Warrants 
other than END Warrants, at 09:00h (CET) and 12:00h (CET) noon; and (y) for END Warrants, 
on the Business Day after the Business Day on which the price was calculated, at 09:00h (CET);  
(b) for END Warrants, once intra-day by KBC Bank or the Warrant Agent on behalf of CBC Banque 
(as applicable), at or about 23:30 (CET). The applicable Sale Price shall depend on the time the 
Warrant Agent receives a duly completed Sale Notice, as further specified in the following section 
(11)a(i).   
Such Sale Price will be based on KBC Bank’s or the Warrant Agent’s on behalf of CBC Banque (as applicable) 
own pricing models. The Issuer (or the Warrant Agent on behalf of it) shall ensure that at any time as long as 
Dematerialised Warrants are outstanding under the Programme in respect of which the Exercise Period has not 
lapsed, such Sale Price will continue to be posted. 
A Warrant Holder can autonomously choose to sell its Dematerialised Warrants of a same Series to the Issuer, 
at once or in multiple transactions, on any Business Days during the Exercise Period (prior to the Expiration 
Date) by physically giving a Sale Notice to the Warrant Agent in his local KBC branch. The order can be made 
by the Warrant Holder on any Business Day during the opening hours of the local KBC branch. A Sale Notice 
for Dematerialised Warrants cannot be given through the Electronic Platform. The Warrant Agent shall have 
the right to make available other channels and/or media for delivery of the Sale Notice, which, in such case, 
will be specified on the website https://warrant.esop.kbc.be/. 
(i) Determination of the Sale Price 
A Sale Notice received by the Warrant Agent on any Business Day during the Exercise Period (prior 
to the Expiration Date) will be executed (if accepted by the Issuer) at the price posted on the website 
https://warrant.esop.kbc.be/ at the following times:  
(a) for Warrants other than END Warrants: 
 
 
Time of receipt of Sale 
Notice  
Sale Price at https:/warrant.esop.kbc.be/

--- Page 102 ---
102 
 
 
 
KBC Bank NV and CBC Banque SA – Warrants and Hedging Options Programme – Base Prospectus (2021) 
 
1. 
00.00h (CET) to 12.00h 
(CET) 
Sale Price at 9.00h (CET) of the same Scheduled 
Trading Day 
2. 
12.00h (CET) to 16.00h 
(CET) 
Sale Price at 12.00h (CET) of the same Scheduled 
Trading Day 
3. 
16.00h (CET) to 24.00 
(CET) 
Sale Price at 9.00h (CET) on the immediately 
following Scheduled Trading Day during the Sale 
Period 
The Issuer expressly reserves the right to deviate from the aforementioned prices in the event of 
significant market fluctuations (for these purposes a 2.5% move of the Euro Stoxx 50 index occurring 
on the Actual Sale Date will be deemed a significant market fluctuation). 
(b) for END Warrants: 
 
Time of receipt of Sale 
Notice  
Sale Price at https:/warrant.esop.kbc.be/  
1. 
9.00h (CET) to 
16.00h 
(CET) 
Sale Price calculated at or about 23:30 (CET) of 
the same Scheduled Trading Day, published at 
9.00h (CET) on the immediately following 
Scheduled Trading Day during the Sale Period 
2. 
16.00h (CET) to 09.00h 
(CET) (on the following 
Business Day) 
Sale Price calculated at or about 23:30 CET 
(CET) on the immediately following Scheduled 
Trading  Day during the Sale Period, published at 
9.00h (CET) on the Scheduled Trading Day 
following the Scheduled Trading Day on which 
the Sale Price is calculated 
(ii) Actual Sale Date  
The Actual Sale Date is the Scheduled Trading Day on which the Sale Price is determined as in 
accordance with Warrant Condition (11)a(i) above. 
Any damage due to the Sale Notice being received after the Expiration Date (i.e. at or after 15:00 (CET)) 
cannot be recovered in any way from the Issuer (save in case of gross negligence or wilful misconduct of 
the Issuer or its agents). 
b. Sale Notice 
When the Warrant Holder wants to give the Sale Notice to the Warrant Agent, the Warrant Holder will need 
to have the following information available which shall be requested by the Warrant Agent: 
(i) the Series number of the relevant Warrant(s) and the number of the Dematerialised Warrants being 
Sold to the Issuer;  
 
(ii) the number of the Warrant Holder’s securities account at KBC Bank or CBC Banque (as applicable) 
to be debited with the Dematerialised Warrants being sold;

--- Page 103 ---
103 
 
 
 
KBC Bank NV and CBC Banque SA – Warrants and Hedging Options Programme – Base Prospectus (2021) 
 
 
(iii) the irrevocable instruction to the Warrant Agent to transfer on the Cash Settlement Date the 
Dematerialised Warrants to the designated account of the Warrant Agent as communicated to the 
Warrant Holder during call during which the Sale Notice is provided;  
 
(iv) the number of the Warrant Holder’s cash account at KBC Bank or CBC Banque (as applicable) or at 
another Securities Settlement System participant to be credited with the Sale Price of such 
Dematerialised Warrants being sold as determined in accordance with Warrant Condition (11)a.(i);  
 
(v) an undertaking to pay all taxes, duties and/or expenses, including any applicable depository charges, 
transaction or exercise charges, stamp duty, stamp duty reserve tax, issue, registration, securities 
transfer and/or other taxes or duties arising in connection with the Sale of such Dematerialised 
Warrants (“Sale Expenses”) and an authority to KBC Bank or CBC Banque (as applicable) to deduct 
an amount in respect thereof from the Sale Price, as determined in accordance with Warrant 
Condition (11)a(i), due to such Warrant Holder and/or to debit any specified account of the Warrant 
Holder at KBC Bank or CBC Banque (as applicable) in respect thereof and to pay such Sale 
Expenses, all as provided in the Warrant Agreement.  
c. Verification of Sale Notice and Warrant Holder 
To sell Dematerialised Warrants, the Warrant Holder must duly provide a Sale Notice and must own and be 
able to dispose of Dematerialised Warrants in the amount being Sold, as reflected in its securities account 
with KBC Bank or CBC Banque (as applicable) on the Actual Sale Date. The Warrant Agent will, in 
accordance with its normal operating procedures, verify that each person Selling such Dematerialised 
Warrants is the holder of the corresponding Dematerialised Warrants (by verifying the securities account of 
such Warrant Holder at KBC Bank respectively CBC Banque in which the Dematerialised Warrants are held 
as designated in the Sale Notice). 
If sufficient Dematerialised Warrants are not available as reflected in the designated securities account on the 
Actual Sale Date, the Sale Notice will be treated as null and void and the Warrant Agent will inform the 
Warrant Holder as soon as reasonably practicable that a new duly completed Sale Notice must be submitted if 
Sale of the Warrant Holder’s Dematerialised Warrants to the Issuer is still desired. 
d. Notification to the Issuer 
The Warrant Agent shall notify the Issuer in writing not later than the Actual Sale Date of the effectiveness 
of the Sale Notice, as well as the number of the cash account and securities account of the Warrant Holder. 
e. Payment of the Sale Price 
In the case of a Sale of Dematerialised Warrants to the Issuer, the Sale Price as determined in accordance with 
Warrant Condition (11)a(i) shall be deposited in the specified account of the Warrant Holder as communicated 
by the Warrant Holder in the Sale Notice. The sum will be made available with value date three (3) Scheduled 
Trading Days after the Actual Sale Date (the “Cash Settlement Date”). 
f. Sale Risk 
Sale of the Dematerialised Warrants to the Issuer is subject to all applicable laws, regulations and practices in 
force on the relevant Actual Sale Date and none of the Issuer, the Warrant Agent or the Calculation Agent shall 
incur any liability whatsoever if it is unable in case of force majeure to effect the transactions contemplated as 
a result of any such laws, regulations or practices. Notwithstanding such applicable laws, regulations and 
practices in force on the relevant Actual Sale Date which would affect the Sale of the Dematerialised Warrants,

--- Page 104 ---
104 
 
 
 
KBC Bank NV and CBC Banque SA – Warrants and Hedging Options Programme – Base Prospectus (2021) 
 
the Dematerialised Warrants will in such case however remain valid and exercisable and can be Sold on a later 
date until the Expiration Date. None of the Issuer, the Warrant Agent or the Calculation Agent shall under any 
circumstances, save in case of their gross negligence or wilful misconduct, be liable for any acts or defaults of 
the Securities Settlement System or any Securities Settlement System participant in relation to the performance 
of its duties in relation to the Dematerialised Warrants. Each of the Issuer, the Warrant Agent and the 
Calculation Agent however undertake to use all reasonable efforts in such case to assist the Warrant Holder(s) 
in recovering their losses from the Securities Settlement System or any Securities Settlement System 
participant. 
g. Effect of Sale Notice 
Giving of a Sale Notice in a manner set forth in Warrant Condition (11)b shall constitute an irrevocable election 
and undertaking by the Warrant Holder to Sell the Dematerialised Warrants to the Issuer, provided that the 
person giving such Sale Notice is the Warrant Holder of the relevant Warrant. If the person giving the Sale 
Notice is not the person appearing, such Sale Notice shall for all purposes become null and void and shall be 
deemed not to have been so given.  
After giving a Sale Notice, (other than a Sale Notice given after Exercise Period), the Warrant Holder may not 
otherwise transfer such Dematerialised Warrants. Notwithstanding this, if any Warrant Holder does so transfer 
or attempt to transfer such Dematerialised Warrants, the Warrant Holder will be liable to the Issuer for any 
losses, costs and expenses suffered or incurred by the Issuer including those suffered or incurred as a 
consequence thereof.  
h. Costs 
In case of sale of the Dematerialised Warrants to the Issuer, no additional costs will be due by the Warrant 
Holder. The Warrant Holder will however be liable for any Sale Expenses that would become due. 
(11)bis  Sale of Registered Warrants to the Issuer 
a. Sale 
This Warrant Condition (11)bis is only applicable to the Registered Warrants. 
A Warrant Holder wishing to sell its Registered Warrants to the Issuer will need to use the Electronic Platform 
accessible by every Warrant Holder using an individualised user name and password.  
A Warrant Holder has the right to offer its Registered Warrants for sale to the Issuer in accordance with the 
terms of this Warrant Condition (11)bis and the Issuer has the right, without this being an obligation, to accept 
such offer.  
Any Registered Warrants so purchased may be held or resold or surrendered for cancellation. 
The Issuer may agree to purchase the Registered Warrants (without this being an obligation)  at the sale price 
indicatively mentioned on the website: https:/warrant.esop.kbc.be/ at such time as determined in accordance 
with the table set out in paragraph (a)(i) of this Warrant Condition (11)bis. The sale price of the Registered 
Warrants is subject to stock exchange fluctuations throughout the day. The sale price of the Registered 
Warrants shall be formed and determined (a) for Warrants other than END Warrants, twice intra-day by KBC 
Bank or the Warrant Agent on behalf of CBC Banque (as applicable), a first time at 9:00h (CET) in the morning 
and the second time at 12:00h (CET) noon; or (b) for END Warrants, once intra-day by KBC Bank or CBC 
Banque (as applicable), at or about 23:30 CET (CET), and posted on the Issuers’ website at: 
https:/warrant.esop.kbc.be for Warrants other than END Warrants, at 09:00h (CET) and 12:00h (CET) noon; 
and (y) for END Warrants, on the Scheduled Trading Day after the Scheduled Trading Day on which the price

--- Page 105 ---
105 
 
 
 
KBC Bank NV and CBC Banque SA – Warrants and Hedging Options Programme – Base Prospectus (2021) 
 
was calculated, at 09:00h (CET). The applicable Sale Price shall depend on the time the Warrant Agent receives 
a duly completed Sale Notice, as further specified in the following section (11)a(i).  Such sale price will be 
based on KBC Bank’s or the Warrant Agent’s on behalf of CBC Banque (as applicable) own pricing models. 
The Issuer (or the Warrant Agent on its behalf) shall ensure that at any time as long as Registered Warrants 
are outstanding under the Programme in respect of which the Exercise Period has not lapsed, such sale price 
will continue to be posted. 
A sale notice in relation to a Registered Warrant offered for sale to the Issuer through the Electronic Platform 
is deemed to be given at the time confirmed by the Electronic Platform (an “Electronic Sale Notice”). 
(i) Determination of the sale price 
An Electronic Sale Notice received by the Warrant Agent through the Electronic Platform on any 
Business Day during the Exercise Period (prior to the Expiration Date) will be executed (if accepted 
by the Issuer) at the price posted on the website https://warrant.esop.kbc.be/ at the following times:   
(a) for Warrants other than END Warrants: 
 
Time of receipt of Sale 
Notice  
Sale Price at https:/warrant.esop.kbc.be/  
1. 
00.00h (CET) to 12.00h 
(CET) 
Sale Price at 9.00h (CET) of the same Scheduled 
Trading Day 
2. 
12.00h (CET) to 16.00h 
(CET) 
Sale Price at 12.00h (CET) of the same Scheduled 
Trading Day 
3. 
16.00h (CET) to 24.00 
(CET) 
Sale Price at 9.00h (CET) on the immediately 
following Scheduled Trading Day during the Sale 
Period 
The Issuer expressly reserves the right to deviate from the aforementioned prices in the event of 
significant market fluctuations (for these purposes a 2.5% move of the Euro Stoxx 50 index 
occurring on the actual sale date will be deemed a significant market fluctuation). 
(b) for END Warrants: 
 
Time of receipt of Sale 
Notice  
Sale price at https:/warrant.esop.kbc.be/  
1. 
9.00h 
(CET) 
to 16.00h 
(CET) 
sale price calculated at or about 23:30 CET (CET) 
of the same Business Day, published at 9.00h 
(CET) on the immediately following Scheduled 
Trading Day during the sale period 
2. 
16.00h (CET) to 09.00h 
(CET) (on the following 
Scheduled Trading) 
sale price calculated at or about 23:30 CET (CET) 
on the immediately following Scheduled Trading 
Day during the sale period, published at 9.00h 
(CET) on the Scheduled Trading Day following 
the Scheduled Trading on which the sale price is 
calculated

--- Page 106 ---
106 
 
 
 
KBC Bank NV and CBC Banque SA – Warrants and Hedging Options Programme – Base Prospectus (2021) 
 
(ii) Actual sale date  
The actual sale date of a Registered Warrant offered for sale to the Issuer through the Electronic 
Platform is the Scheduled Trading Day on which the sale price is determined as in accordance with 
paragraph (a)(i) above of this Warrant Condition (11)bis. 
Any damage due to the sale notice being received after the Expiration Date (i.e. at or after 15:00 (CET)) 
cannot be recovered in any way from the Issuer (save in case of gross negligence or wilful misconduct of 
the Issuer or its agents). 
b. Payment of the sale price 
In the case of a sale of Registered Warrants to the Issuer through the Electronic Platform, the sale price as 
determined in accordance with paragraph (a)(i) above of this Warrant Condition (11)bis shall be deposited in 
the specified account  of the Warrant Holder as communicated by the Warrant Holder in the Electronic Sale 
Notice. The sum will be made available with value date three (3) Scheduled Trading Days after the actual sale 
date as determined in accordance with paragraph (a)(ii) above of this Warrant Condition (11)bis. 
c. Sale Risk 
Sale of the Registered Warrants to the Issuer through the Electronic Platform is subject to (i) all applicable 
laws, regulations and practices and (ii) the applicable user guidelines of the Electronic Platform, in each case, 
in force on the relevant the actual sale date of the Registered Warrants as determined in accordance with 
paragraph (a)(ii) above of this Warrant Condition (11)bis. None of the Issuer, the Warrant Agent or the 
Calculation Agent shall incur any liability whatsoever if it is unable in case of force majeure to effect the 
transactions contemplated as a result of (i) any such laws, regulations or practices or (ii) any such user 
guidelines of the Electronic Platform. Notwithstanding (i) such laws, regulations or practices or (ii) such user 
guidelines of the Electronic Platform, in each case, in force on the relevant the actual sale date of the Registered 
Warrants as determined in accordance with paragraph (a)(ii) above of this Warrant Condition (11)bis, which 
would affect the Sale of the Registered Warrants, the Registered Warrants will in such case however remain 
valid and exercisable and can be sold on a later date until the Expiration Date.  
None of the Issuer, the Warrant Agent or the Calculation Agent shall under any circumstances, save in case of 
their gross negligence or wilful misconduct, be liable for any acts or defaults of the Securities Settlement 
System or any Securities Settlement System participant in relation to the performance of its duties in relation 
to the Registered Warrants. Each of the Issuer, the Warrant Agent and the Calculation Agent however 
undertake to use all reasonable efforts in such case to assist the Warrant Holder(s) in recovering their losses 
from the Securities Settlement System or any Securities Settlement System participant. 
d. Effect of Electronic Sale Notice 
Giving of an Electronic Sale Notice using the Electronic Platform shall constitute an irrevocable election and 
undertaking by the Warrant Holder to sell the Registered Warrants to the Issuer, provided that the person 
giving such Electronic Sale Notice is the Warrant Holder of the relevant Registered Warrant. If the person 
giving the Electronic Sale Notice is not the person appearing, such Electronic Sale Notice shall for all purposes 
become null and void and shall be deemed not to have been so given.  
After giving an Electronic Sale Notice, (other than an Electronic Sale Notice given after Exercise Period), the 
Warrant Holder may not otherwise transfer such Registered Warrants. Notwithstanding this, if any Warrant 
Holder does so transfer or attempt to transfer such Registered Warrants, the Warrant Holder will be liable to 
the Issuer for any losses, costs and expenses suffered or incurred by the Issuer including those suffered or 
incurred as a consequence thereof.

--- Page 107 ---
107 
 
 
 
KBC Bank NV and CBC Banque SA – Warrants and Hedging Options Programme – Base Prospectus (2021) 
 
e. Costs 
In case of sale of the Registered Warrants to the Issuer through the Electronic Platform, no additional costs 
will be due by the Warrant Holder.  
However, the Warrant Holder undertakes to pay all taxes, duties and/or expenses, including any applicable 
depository charges, transaction or exercise charges, stamp duty, stamp duty reserve tax, issue, registration, 
securities transfer and/or other taxes or duties arising in connection with the sale of Registered Warrants 
through the Electronic Platform, and it authorises KBC Bank or CBC Banque (as applicable) to deduct an 
amount in respect thereof from the sale price, as determined in accordance with paragraph (a)(i) above of this 
Warrant Condition (11)bis, due to such Warrant Holder and/or to debit any specified account of the Warrant 
Holder at KBC Bank or CBC Banque (as applicable) in respect thereof and to pay such taxes, duties and/or 
expenses, all as provided in the Warrant Agreement. 
(12) Illegality  
a. In the case of a Warrant Holder who is not a Consumer, if the performance by the Issuer of its obligations 
under the Warrants or any arrangements made to hedge the Issuer’s obligations under the Warrants has 
or will become unlawful, illegal or otherwise prohibited in whole or in part for any duly documented 
reason, including, without limitation, as a result of compliance with any applicable present or future law, 
rule, regulation, judgment, order or directive or with any requirement or request of any governmental, 
administrative, legislative or judicial authority or power, the Issuer (or the Warrant Agent on its behalf) 
may terminate and cancel the Warrants held by Warrant Holders who are not Consumers by giving notice 
to such Warrant Holders in accordance with Warrant Condition (14)a. 
b. In the case of a Warrant Holder who is a Consumer, if the performance by the Issuer of its obligations 
under the Warrants has or will become unlawful, illegal or otherwise prohibited for any duly documented 
reason, including, without limitation, as a result of compliance with any applicable present or future law, 
rule, regulation, judgment, order or directive or with any requirement or request of any governmental, 
administrative, legislative or judicial authority or power, the Issuer (or the Warrant Agent on its behalf) 
may terminate and cancel the Warrants held by Warrant Holders who are Consumers by giving notice to 
such Warrant Holders in accordance with Warrant Condition (14)a. 
c. If the Issuer (or the Warrant Agent on its behalf) terminates and cancels the Warrants then the Issuer will, 
if and to the extent permitted by applicable law, pay an amount to each Warrant Holder in respect of each 
Warrant held by such holder, which amount shall be the Fair Market Value of a Warrant notwithstanding 
such illegality plus, if already paid by or on behalf of the Warrant Holder (when such illegality occurs or 
is established after the initiation of the Exercise by the Warrant Holder), the Actual Exercise Price, the 
Exercise Cost and the Exercise Expenses, as determined by the Calculation Agent. Payment will be made 
in such manner as shall be notified to the Warrant Holders in accordance with Warrant Condition (14)a.  
(13) Agents, Determinations and Modifications 
a. Warrant Agent 
The specified office of KBC Bank as initial Warrant Agent is as set out on the back of the Base Prospectus (or, 
in case of additional Warrant Agents appointed in respect of a specific Series, as set out in the Applicable Final 
Terms).  
The Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary or terminate the appointment of the Warrant Agent and to 
appoint further or additional warrant agents, provided that no termination of appointment of the Warrant Agent 
shall become effective until a replacement Warrant Agent shall have been appointed and provided that, so long

--- Page 108 ---
108 
 
 
 
KBC Bank NV and CBC Banque SA – Warrants and Hedging Options Programme – Base Prospectus (2021) 
 
as any of the Warrants are listed on a stock exchange, there shall be a Warrant Agent having a specified office 
in each location required by the rules and regulations of the relevant Exchange. Notice of any termination of 
appointment and of any changes in the specified office of the Warrant Agent will be given to Warrant Holders 
in accordance with Warrant Condition (14)a.  
In acting under the Warrant Agreement, the Warrant Agent acts solely as agent of the Issuer and does not 
assume any obligation or duty to, or any relationship of agency or trust for or with, the Warrant Holders and 
any determinations and calculations made in respect of the Warrants by the Warrant Agent shall (save in the 
case of manifest error) be final, conclusive and binding on the Issuer and the Warrant Holder. 
b. 
Calculation Agent 
In relation to each issue of Warrants, the Calculation Agent (KBC Bank or  another entity) acts solely and its 
sole discretion as agent of the Issuer and does not assume any obligation or duty to, or any relationship of 
agency or trust for or with, the Warrant Holders. All calculations and determinations made in respect of the 
Warrants by the Calculation Agent shall (save in the case of manifest error) be final, conclusive and binding 
on the Issuer and the Warrant Holder. 
Whenever the Calculation Agent is required to act or exercise judgement, it will do so in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner. The Calculation Agent shall, as soon as practicable after making any 
determination pursuant to these Warrant Conditions, notify the Issuer and the Warrant Holder of such 
determination. Any delay, deferral or forbearance by the Calculation Agent in the performance or exercise of 
any of its obligations or its discretion under the Warrants including, without limitation, the giving of any notice 
by it to any person, shall not affect the validity or binding nature of any later performance or exercise of such 
obligation or discretion, and none of the Calculation Agent or the Issuer shall, in the absence of wilful 
misconduct and gross negligence, bear any liability in respect of, or consequent upon, any such delay, deferral 
or forbearance. 
c. Determinations and calculations 
Any determination made by the Issuer pursuant to these Warrant Conditions shall (save in the case of manifest 
error) be final, conclusive and binding on the Issuer and the Warrant Holders.  
None of the Issuer, the Calculation Agent and the Warrant Agent shall have any responsibility to any person 
(except to any Warrant Holder which is a Consumer) for any errors or omissions in the calculation of any 
Entitlement, save in case of negligence or wilful misconduct. In case the Warrant Holder is a Consumer, the 
Issuer shall be responsible for any errors or omissions in the calculation of any Entitlement, save in case of 
force majeure. 
d. Modifications 
The Issuer (or the Warrant Agent acting on its behalf) may modify these Warrant Conditions and/or the 
Warrant Agreement without the consent of the Warrant Holders provided that (i) such modification is not 
materially prejudicial to the interests of the Warrant Holders as a whole; or (ii) such modification is of a formal, 
minor or technical nature or to correct a manifest or proven error, to cure, correct or supplement any defective 
provision contained herein and/or therein or to comply with mandatory provisions of the law; or (iii) such 
modification is made to correct an inconsistency between the final terms and the conditions of the Warrant 
issue (comprising these Warrant Conditions as completed by the Applicable Final Terms) and the relevant 
term sheet relating to the Warrants.  
 
Any such modification shall furthermore only be binding on the Warrant Holders if it allows the rights and 
obligations under the Warrants to be exercised and performed by the Warrant Holders in accordance with the 
initially agreed terms and contractual equilibrium.

--- Page 109 ---
109 
 
 
 
KBC Bank NV and CBC Banque SA – Warrants and Hedging Options Programme – Base Prospectus (2021) 
 
 
Any such modification shall be binding on the Warrant Holders and a notice of any such modification will be 
given to the Warrant Holder in accordance with Warrant Condition (14)a as soon as practicable thereafter.  
 
To the extent the Warrant Holder is a Consumer, any modification pursuant to this Warrant Condition 13(d) 
may not relate to an essential feature of the Warrants, unless: (a) in the case of the occurrence of (i) a force 
majeure event or (ii) an event which substantially alters the economics of the contract as initially agreed 
between the parties and which is not attributable to the Issuer, (b) any such modification does not create an 
obvious imbalance between the rights and obligations of the parties to the detriment of the Warrant Holder, 
and (c) the Issuer does not charge costs to the Warrant Holder for any such modification. 
(14) Notices and Addresses 
a. Notices 
In order to receive any communication from, and execute any transaction with, the Issuer, the Warrant Holder 
will need to hold at all times a cash account with KBC Bank or CBC Banque (as applicable) or with another 
Securities Settlement System participant. 
(i) In respect of Registered Warrants 
All notices to holders of Registered Warrants will be mailed by regular post to the holders at their 
respective addresses appearing in the Warrants Register or through any other means of communication 
agreed between an Issuer and the relevant Warrant Holder. If sent by post, notices will be deemed to 
have been given on the fourth Business Day (being a day other than a Saturday or a Sunday) after the 
date of mailing.  
(ii) In respect of Dematerialised Warrants 
Notices to be given to the holders of Dematerialised Warrants shall be deemed to have been duly given 
to the relevant Warrant Holders if delivered to the Securities Settlement System for communication 
by it to the holders of the Dematerialised Warrants and shall be deemed to be given on the date 
immediately following the date of delivery.  
So long as the Warrants are listed on any stock exchange or admitted to listing by any other relevant authority 
and if the rules of the exchange so require, any notice shall also be published in accordance with the rules and 
regulations of such stock exchange or other relevant authority. 
Financial information in respect of the Warrants may also be made available by the Issuer on the website 
https://warrant.esop.kbc.be/ (or such other website as may be communicated to the Warrant Holders in the 
future).

--- Page 110 ---
110 
 
 
 
KBC Bank NV and CBC Banque SA – Warrants and Hedging Options Programme – Base Prospectus (2021) 
 
b. Addresses  
Any notifications in relation to the offer, acceptance or Sale (other than a Sale on a stock exchange) of the 
Warrants by or to the Warrant Agent, the Issuer or the Warrant Holder shall be made via the webtool KBC 
ESOP Online (accessible with a username and a password and Two-Factor Authentication (2FA)). 
Any notifications in relation to the Exercise, dematerialisation process and Sale of the Warrants on a stock 
exchange to the Warrant Agent or the Issuer by the Warrant Holder shall be made via an email sent to 
kbcoptionplan@kbc.be or by phone (+ 32 2 429 96 00). 
(15) Expenses and Taxation 
A Warrant Holder must pay all Exercise Expenses and Sale Expenses relating to such Warrants as provided 
above (see Warrant Conditions (8)f and (11)h). 
The Issuer shall deduct from amounts payable or from assets deliverable to Warrant Holders all Exercise 
Expenses and/or Sale Expenses not previously paid by, or deducted from amounts paid to Warrant Holders as 
the Calculation Agent shall in its sole and absolute discretion determine are attributable to the Warrants. 
The Issuer shall not be liable for any Exercise Expenses, Sale Expenses or any other applicable costs and/or 
expenses that may arise in relation of Selling, Exercising or holding the Warrant by the Warrant Holders 
(except as provided otherwise in these Warrant Conditions in relation to unilateral modifications made to the 
terms of the Warrants or in case of cancellation of the Warrants) and the Warrant Holders shall be liable to 
bear such cost and/or expenses. 
The Warrant Holder shall also be liable for any and all present, future, prospective, contingent or anticipated 
Taxes. 
Warrant Holders should finally note that the original Issue Price of a Warrant may include certain commissions 
or fees charged by the Issuer and/or the Dealer(s) in respect of a Series of Warrants but does not include 
distribution fees payable to the distributor or broker of the Warrants. 
(16) Entirety of the Conditions 
Should any one or more of the provisions contained in these Warrant Conditions be or become invalid, the 
validity of the remaining provisions shall not in any way be affected thereby. 
(17) Governing law and Jurisdiction 
a. Applicable law 
The Warrants, the Warrant Agreement and all matters arising from or connected with the Warrants and the 
Warrant Agreement (and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Warrants) 
are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, Belgian law. 
b. Jurisdiction 
The courts of Brussels, Belgium (Dutch speaking chambers) are to have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any 
dispute, arising from or connected with the Warrants (including any disputes relating to any non-contractual 
obligations arising out of or in connection with the Warrants), without prejudice to any party’s rights under 
article 624, 1°, 2° and 4°, of the Belgian Judicial Code and without restricting the competence of any court 
which is competent under article 624, 1°, 2° and 4°, of the Belgian Judicial Code.

--- Page 111 ---
111 
 
 
 
KBC Bank NV and CBC Banque SA – Warrants and Hedging Options Programme – Base Prospectus (2021) 
 
(18) Acknowledgement of the bail-in power 
Notwithstanding and to the exclusion of any other term of the Warrants or any other agreements, arrangements 
or understanding between the Issuer and any Warrant Holder (which, for the purposes of this Warrant 
Condition, includes each holder of a beneficial interest in the Warrants), by its acquisition of the Warrants, 
each Warrant Holder acknowledges and accepts that any liability arising under the Warrants may be subject to 
the exercise of the Bail-in Power by the Resolution Authority and acknowledges, accepts, consents to and 
agrees: 
(a) to be bound by the effect of the exercise of any Bail-in Power by the Resolution Authority, which 
exercise may (without limitation) include and result in any of the following, or a combination thereof:  
i. the reduction of all, or a portion, of the Relevant Amounts in respect of the Warrants; 
ii. the conversion of all, or a portion, of the Relevant Amounts in respect of the Warrants 
into shares, other securities or other obligations of the Issuer or another person, and 
the issue to or conferral on the Warrant Holder of such shares, securities or 
obligations, including by means of an amendment, modification or variation of the 
terms of the Warrants; 
iii. the cancellation of the Warrants or the Relevant Amounts in respect of the Warrants; 
and 
iv. the amendment or alteration of the maturity of the Warrants or amendment of the 
amount of interest payable on the Warrants, or the date on which interest becomes 
payable, including by suspending payment for a temporary period; and 
(b) to the variation of the terms of the Warrants, as deemed necessary by the Resolution Authority, to give 
effect to the exercise of any Bail-in Power by the Resolution Authority. 
For the purpose of this Condition: 
“Bail-in Power” means any power existing from time to time under applicable Loss Absorption Regulations 
or under applicable laws, regulations, requirements, guidelines, rules, standards and policies relating to the 
transposition of the BRRD pursuant to which the obligations of the Issuer (or an affiliate of the Issuer) can be 
reduced (in part or in whole), cancelled, suspended, transferred, varied or otherwise modified in any way, or 
converted into shares, other securities or other obligations of the Issuer or any other person, whether in 
connection with the implementation of a bail-in tool following placement in resolution or otherwise; 
“Loss Absorption Regulations” means, at any time, the laws, regulations, requirements, guidelines, rules, 
standards and policies relating to minimum requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities and/or loss 
absorbing capacity instruments of the Kingdom of Belgium, the Relevant Regulator, the Resolution Authority, 
the Financial Stability Board and/or of the European Parliament or of the Council of the European Union then 
in effect in the Kingdom of Belgium including, without limitation to the generality of the foregoing, any 
delegated or implementing acts (such as regulatory technical standards) adopted by the European Commission 
and any regulations, requirements, guidelines, rules, standards and policies relating to minimum requirements 
for own funds and eligible liabilities and/or loss absorbing capacity instruments adopted by the Relevant 
Regulator and/or the Resolution Authority from time to time (whether or not such regulations, requirements, 
guidelines, rules, standards or policies are applied generally or specifically to the Issuer or to the KBC Bank 
Group); and 
“Relevant Amounts” the amounts payable by the Issuer or (in the case of an Exercise) the Entitlement to be 
delivered on exercise of each Warrant.

--- Page 112 ---
112 
 
 
 
KBC Bank NV and CBC Banque SA – Warrants and Hedging Options Programme – Base Prospectus (2021) 
 
(19) Market Disruption 
If the Underlying of the Warrant is a listed financial instrument, the Warrant Holders are subject to the risk 
that a Market Disruption Event will occur. 
If the Issuer or the Calculation Agent determines that a Market Disruption Event has occurred, a valuation in 
the relevant Underlying may consequentially be postponed or adjusted which may have an adverse effect on 
the value of such Warrant. 
(20) Events affecting the Underlying Share  
If "Underlying Share" is specified as the Underlying in the Applicable Final Terms, then the provisions of this 
Warrant Condition 20 shall apply. 
To the extent that the Warrant Holder is a Consumer, any adjustment pursuant to this Warrant Condition (20) 
may not relate to an essential feature of the Warrants, unless (a) in the case of the occurrence of (i) a force 
majeure event or (ii) an event which substantially alters the economics of the contract as initially agreed 
between the parties and which is not attributable to the Issuer, (b) any such adjustment does not create an 
obvious imbalance between the rights and obligations of the parties to the detriment of the Warrant Holder, 
and (c) the Issuer does not charge costs to the Warrant Holder for such adjustment.  
a. Potential Adjustment Event 
Following the declaration by the Share Company of the terms of any Potential Adjustment Event, the 
Calculation Agent will determine whether such Potential Adjustment Event has a diluting or concentrative 
effect on the theoretical value of the Underlying Shares and if so, will (i) make the corresponding adjustment, 
if any, to any one or more of the Entitlement and/or the Exercise Price (and/or the Actual Exercise Price) and/or 
any of the other terms of these Warrant Conditions and/or the Applicable Final Terms as the Calculation Agent 
determines appropriate to account for that diluting or concentrative effect (which adjustment may include, 
without limitation, adjustments to account for changes in volatility, expected dividends, stock loan rate or 
liquidity relative to the relevant Underlying Share) and (ii) determine the effective date of that adjustment. The 
Calculation Agent may, but need not, determine the appropriate adjustment by reference to the adjustment in 
respect of such Potential Adjustment Event made by an options exchange to options on the shares traded on 
that options exchange. 
Upon the making of any such adjustment by the Calculation Agent, the Calculation Agent shall give notice as 
soon as practicable to the Warrant Holders in accordance with Warrant Condition (14)a, stating the adjustment 
to the Entitlement and/or the Exercise Price (and/or the Actual Exercise Price) and/or any of the other terms 
of these Warrant Conditions and/or the Applicable Final Terms and giving brief details of the Potential 
Adjustment Event.  
For the purposes of this Warrant Condition 20: 
“Potential Adjustment Event” means any of the following events (in each case, provided that such event 
falls outside of the control of the Issuer and was not reasonably foreseeable at the time of issuance of the 
relevant Warrant): 
(i) 
a subdivision, consolidation or reclassification of relevant Underlying Shares (unless resulting in a 
Merger Event or, if Tender Offer is specified as applying in the Applicable Final Terms, a Tender 
Offer), or a free distribution or dividend of any such Underlying Shares to existing holders by way of 
bonus, capitalisation or similar issue;

--- Page 113 ---
113 
 
 
 
KBC Bank NV and CBC Banque SA – Warrants and Hedging Options Programme – Base Prospectus (2021) 
 
(ii) 
a distribution, issue or dividend to existing holders of the relevant Underlying Shares of (a) such 
Underlying Shares or (b) other share capital or securities granting the right to payment of dividends 
and/or the proceeds of liquidation of the Share Company, as the case may be, equally or 
proportionately with such payments to holders of such Underlying Shares or (c) share capital or other 
securities of another issuer acquired or owned (directly or indirectly) by the Share Company, as the 
case may be, as a result of a spin-off or other similar transaction or (d) any other type of securities, 
rights and warrants or other assets, in any case for payment (in cash or other consideration) at less than 
the prevailing market price as determined by the Calculation Agent;  
(iii) 
an extraordinary dividend as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
(iv) 
a call by a Share Company in respect of relevant Underlying Shares that are not fully paid; 
(v) 
a repurchase by a Share Company or any of its subsidiaries of relevant Underlying Shares whether out 
of profits or capital and whether the consideration for such repurchase is cash, securities or otherwise;   
(vi) 
 breach by the relevant Share Company of any applicable provisions of its operating documents, 
including any strategy or investment guidelines; 
(vii) 
 partial or non-execution of a redemption or subscription order of a hypothetical investor in the Share 
Company; 
(viii) 
 dissolution, winding up, liquidation or analogous proceedings being commenced in respect of the 
Share Company; 
(ix)  
investment manager, manager or custodian of the Share Company ceases to act in such capacity; 
(x) 
material modification of the investment programme, objectives, policies, strategy, process or 
guidelines of the Share Company; 
(xi) 
failure by the fund to comply with its reporting obligations; 
(xii) 
material modification of the Share Company’s operating documents or articles of association or other 
constitutional documents; 
(xiii) 
material modification of the type of assets in which the Share Company invests or the trading practices 
of the Share Company; 
(xiv) 
suspensions or redemptions of shares in the Share Company, repurchase or compulsory redemption of 
shares in the Share Company or analogous restrictions; 
(xv) 
loss of authorisation or registration in respect of the Share Company or its investment manager; 
(xvi) 
the Share Company or its investment manager or administration agent being subject to regulatory or 
legal proceedings or investigations; 
(xvii) cancellation, suspension or revocation of the registration or approval of the Share Company or change 
in tax, legal or regulatory treatment of the Share Company; or 
(xviii) expropriation of the shares or the assets of the Share Company; or 
(xix) any other event having, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, a diluting or concentrative effect on the 
theoretical value of the relevant Underlying Shares.

--- Page 114 ---
114 
 
 
 
KBC Bank NV and CBC Banque SA – Warrants and Hedging Options Programme – Base Prospectus (2021) 
 
b. De-listing, Merger Events, Tender Offer, Insolvency and Nationalisation 
If (x) a De-listing, Merger Event, Nationalisation, Insolvency and/or (y) if Tender Offer is specified as applying 
in the Applicable Final Terms, a Tender Offer occurs in relation to a Underlying Share, the Issuer (or the 
Warrant Agent acting on its behalf) may take the action described in (i) or (ii) below: 
(i) 
in the first instance, require the Calculation Agent to determine the appropriate adjustment, if any, to 
be made to the Entitlement and/or the Exercise Price (and/or the Actual Exercise Price) and/or any of 
the other terms of these Warrant Conditions and/or the Applicable Final Terms to account for the De-
listing, Merger Event, Insolvency, Tender Offer or Nationalisation, as the case may be, and determine 
the effective date of that adjustment. The relevant adjustment may include, without limitation, 
adjustments to account for changes in volatility, expected dividends, stock loan rate or liquidity 
relevant to the Underlying Shares or to the Warrants. The Calculation Agent may (but need not) 
determine the appropriate adjustment by reference to the adjustment in respect of the De-listing, 
Merger Event, Tender Offer or Nationalisation  made by any options exchange to options on the shares 
traded on that options exchange; or 
(ii) 
if the adjustment under (i) would not reasonably result in a repair of the contractual equilibrium (in 
line with the initially agreed terms of the Warrants), cancel the Warrants by giving notice to Warrant 
Holders in accordance with Warrant Condition (14)a. If the Warrants are so cancelled the Issuer will 
pay an amount to each Warrant Holder in respect of each Warrant held by him which amount shall be 
the Fair Market Value of a Warrant taking into account the De-Listing, Merger Event, Insolvency, 
Tender Offer or Nationalisation, as the case may be, plus, if already paid, the Actual Exercise Price, 
the Exercise Cost and the Exercise Expenses, all as determined by the Calculation Agent. Payments 
will be made in such manner as shall be notified to the Warrant Holders in accordance with Warrant 
Condition (14)a. 
For the purposes of this Warrant Condition 20: 
“De-listing” means, in respect of any Underlying Shares, that the Exchange announces that pursuant to the 
rules of the Exchange such Underlying Shares cease (or will cease) to be listed, traded or publicly quoted on 
the Exchange for any reason (other than a Merger Event or Tender Offer) and are not immediately re-listed, 
re-traded or re-quoted on an exchange or quotation system located in the same country as the Exchange (or if 
the Exchange is within the European Union, in a member state of the European Union). 
“Insolvency” means that by reason of the voluntary or involuntary liquidation, bankruptcy, insolvency, 
dissolution or winding-up of, or any analogous proceeding affecting a Share Company (A) all the Underlying 
Shares of that Share Company are required to be transferred to a trustee, liquidator or other similar official or 
(B) holders of the Underlying Shares of that Share Company become legally prohibited from transferring them.  
“Merger Date” means the closing date of a Merger Event or, where a closing date cannot be determined under 
the local law applicable to such Merger Event, such other date as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
“Merger Event” means, in respect of any Underlying Shares, any (i) reclassification or change of such 
Underlying Shares that results in a transfer of or an irrevocable commitment to transfer all of such Underlying 
Shares outstanding to another entity or person, (ii) consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share 
exchange of a Share Company, with or into another entity or person (other than a consolidation, amalgamation, 
merger or binding share exchange in which such Share Company as the case may be, is the continuing entity 
and which does not result in a reclassification or change of all such Underlying Shares outstanding), (iii) 
takeover offer, tender offer, exchange offer, solicitation, proposal or other event by any entity or person to 
purchase or otherwise obtain 100 per cent. of the outstanding Underlying Shares of the Share Company that 
results in a transfer of or an irrevocable commitment to transfer all such Underlying Shares (other than such

--- Page 115 ---
115 
 
 
 
KBC Bank NV and CBC Banque SA – Warrants and Hedging Options Programme – Base Prospectus (2021) 
 
Underlying Share owned or controlled by such other entity or person), or (iv) consolidation, amalgamation, 
merger or binding share exchange of the Share Company or its subsidiaries with or into another entity in which 
the Share Company is the continuing entity and which does not result in a reclassification or change of all of 
such Underlying Shares outstanding but results in the outstanding Underlying Share (other than Underlying 
Shares owned or controlled by such other entity) immediately prior to such event collectively representing less 
than 50 per cent. of the outstanding Underlying Shares immediately following such event, in each case if the 
Merger Date is on or before the relevant Delivery Date or Actual Sale Date. 
“Nationalisation” means that all the Underlying Shares or all or substantially all the assets of the Share 
Company are nationalised, expropriated or are otherwise required to be transferred to any governmental 
agency, authority, entity or instrumentality thereof. 
“Tender Offer” means a takeover offer, tender offer, exchange offer, solicitation, proposal or other event by 
any entity or person that results in such entity or person purchasing, or otherwise obtaining or having the right 
to obtain, by conversion or other means, greater than 10 per cent. and less than 100 per cent. of the outstanding 
voting shares of the Share Company as determined by the Calculation Agent, based upon the making of filings 
with governmental or self-regulatory agencies or such other information as the Calculation Agent deems 
relevant. 
c. Notice 
Upon the occurrence of a De-listing, Merger Event, Insolvency, Nationalisation, or, if applicable, a Tender 
Offer, the Issuer shall give notice as soon as practicable to the Warrant Holders in accordance with Warrant 
Condition (14)a stating the occurrence of the De-listing, Merger Event, Insolvency, Nationalisation or, as the 
case may be, Tender Offer, giving details thereof and the action proposed to be taken in relation thereto.  
(21) Events affecting the Underlying ETF Share 
If "Underlying ETF Share" is specified as the Underlying in the Applicable Final Terms, then the provisions 
of this Warrant Condition 21 shall apply.  
To the extent that the Warrant Holder is a Consumer, any adjustment pursuant to this Warrant Condition (21) 
may not relate to an essential feature of the Warrants, unless (a) in the case of the occurrence of (i) a force 
majeure event or (ii) an event which substantially alters the economics of the contract as initially agreed 
between the parties and which is not attributable to the Issuer, (b) any such adjustment does not create an 
obvious imbalance between the rights and obligations of the parties to the detriment of the Warrant Holder, 
and (c) the Issuer does not charge costs to the Warrant Holder for such adjustment. 
a. Potential Adjustment Event 
Following the declaration by the ETF of the terms of any Potential Adjustment Event, the Calculation Agent 
will determine whether such Potential Adjustment Event has a diluting or concentrative effect on the theoretical 
value of the Underlying ETF Share and if so, will (i) make the corresponding adjustment, if any, to any one or 
more of the Entitlement and/or the Exercise Price (and/or the Actual Exercise Price) and/or any of the other 
terms of these Warrant Conditions and/or the Applicable Final Terms as the Calculation Agent determines 
appropriate to account for that diluting or concentrative effect (which adjustment may include, without 
limitation, adjustments to account for changes in volatility, expected dividends, stock loan rate or liquidity 
relative to the relevant Underlying ETF Share) and (ii) determine the effective date of that adjustment. The 
Calculation Agent may, but need not, determine the appropriate adjustment by reference to the adjustment in 
respect of such Potential Adjustment Event made by an options exchange to options on the ETF shares traded 
on that options exchange.

--- Page 116 ---
116 
 
 
 
KBC Bank NV and CBC Banque SA – Warrants and Hedging Options Programme – Base Prospectus (2021) 
 
Upon the making of any such adjustment by the Calculation Agent, the Calculation Agent shall give notice as 
soon as practicable to the Warrant Holders in accordance with Warrant Condition (14)a, stating the adjustment 
to the Entitlement and/or the Exercise Price (and/or the Actual Exercise Price) and/or any of the other terms 
of these Warrant Conditions and/or the Applicable Final Terms, giving brief details of the Potential Adjustment 
Event. 
For the purposes of this Warrant Condition 21: 
“Potential Adjustment Event” means any of the following events (in each case, provided that such event 
falls outside of the control of the Issuer and was not reasonably foreseeable at the time of issuance of the 
relevant Warrant):  
(i) 
a subdivision, consolidation or reclassification of relevant Underlying ETF Shares (unless resulting in 
a Merger Event or, if Tender Offer is specified as applying in the Applicable Final Terms, a Tender 
Offer), or a free distribution or dividend of any such Underlying ETF Shares to existing holders by 
way of bonus, capitalisation or similar issue; 
(ii) 
a distribution, issue or dividend to existing holders of the relevant Underlying ETF Shares of (a) an 
additional amount of such Underlying ETF Shares or (b) other share capital or securities granting the 
right to payment of dividends and/or the proceeds of liquidation of the relevant ETF, as the case may 
be, equally or proportionately with such payments to holders of such Underlying ETF Shares or (c) 
share capital or other securities of another issuer acquired or owned (directly or indirectly) by the 
relevant ETF, as the case may be, as a result of a spin-off or other similar transaction or (d) any other 
type of securities, rights and warrants or other assets, in any case for payment (in cash or other 
consideration) at less than the prevailing market price as determined by the Calculation Agent;  
(iii) 
an extraordinary dividend as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
(v) 
a repurchase by an ETF or any of its subsidiaries of relevant Underlying ETF Shares whether out of 
profits or capital and whether the consideration for such repurchase is cash, securities or otherwise 
(excluding any redemption of Underlying ETF Shares initiated by an investor on terms consistent with 
the relevant ETF Documents); or  
(vi) 
any other event having, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, a diluting or concentrative effect on 
the theoretical value of the relevant Underlying ETF Shares. 
b. De-listing, Merger Events, Tender Offer, Insolvency and Nationalisation 
If (x) a De-listing, Merger Event, Insolvency, Nationalisation and/or (y) if Tender Offer is specified as applying 
in the Applicable Final Terms, a Tender Offer occurs in relation to an Underlying ETF Share, the Issuer may 
take the action described in (i) or (ii) below: 
(i) 
in the first instance, require the Calculation Agent to determine the appropriate adjustment, if any, to 
be made to the Entitlement and/or the Exercise Price (and/or the Actual Exercise Price) and/or any of 
the other terms of these Warrant Conditions and/or the Applicable Final Terms to account for the De-
listing, Merger Event, Tender Offer, Insolvency or Nationalisation, as the case may be, and determine 
the effective date of that adjustment. The relevant adjustment may include, without limitation, 
adjustments to account for changes in volatility, expected dividends, stock loan rate or liquidity 
relevant to the Underlying ETF Shares or to the Warrants. The Calculation Agent may (but need not) 
determine the appropriate adjustment by reference to the adjustment in respect of the De-listing, 
Merger Event, Tender Offer or Nationalisation  made by any options exchange to options on the ETF 
shares traded on that options exchange; or

--- Page 117 ---
117 
 
 
 
KBC Bank NV and CBC Banque SA – Warrants and Hedging Options Programme – Base Prospectus (2021) 
 
(ii) 
if the adjustment under (i) would not reasonably result in [a repair of the contractual equilibrium (in 
line with the initially agreed terms of the Warrants)], cancel the Warrants by giving notice to Warrant 
Holders in accordance with Warrant Condition (14)a. If the Warrants are so cancelled the Issuer will 
pay an amount to each Warrant Holder in respect of each Warrant held by him which amount shall be 
the Fair Market Value of a Warrant taking into account the De-Listing, Merger Event, Tender Offer, 
Insolvency or Nationalisation, as the case may be, plus, if already paid, the Actual Exercise Price, the 
Exercise Cost and the Exercise Expenses, all as determined by the Calculation Agent. Payments will 
be made in such manner as shall be notified to the Warrant Holders in accordance with Warrant 
Condition (14)a. 
For the purposes of this Warrant Condition 21:  
“De-listing” means, in respect of any Underlying ETF Shares, that the Exchange announces that pursuant to 
the rules of the Exchange such Underlying ETF Shares cease (or will cease) to be listed, traded or publicly 
quoted on the Exchange for any reason (other than a Merger Event or Tender Offer) and are not immediately 
re-listed, re-traded or re-quoted on an exchange or quotation system located in the same country as the 
Exchange (or if the Exchange is within the European Union, in a member state of the European Union). 
“Insolvency” means that by reason of the voluntary or involuntary liquidation, bankruptcy, insolvency, 
dissolution or winding-up of, or any analogous proceeding affecting an ETF (A) all the Underlying ETF Shares 
of that ETF are required to be transferred to a trustee, liquidator or other similar official or (B) holders of the 
Underlying ETF Shares of that ETF become legally prohibited from transferring them. 
“Merger Date” means the closing date of a Merger Event or, where a closing date cannot be determined under 
the local law applicable to such Merger Event, such other date as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
“Merger Event” means, in respect of any Underlying ETF Shares, any (i) reclassification or change of such 
Underlying ETF Shares that results in a transfer of or an irrevocable commitment to transfer all of such 
Underlying ETF Shares outstanding to another entity or person, (ii) consolidation, amalgamation, merger or 
binding share exchange of an ETF, with or into another entity or person (other than a consolidation, 
amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange in which such ETF is the continuing entity and which does 
not result in a reclassification or change of all such Underlying ETF Shares outstanding), (iii) takeover offer, 
tender offer, exchange offer, solicitation, proposal or other event by any entity or person to purchase or 
otherwise obtain 100 per cent. of the outstanding Underlying ETF Shares of the relevant ETF that results in a 
transfer of or an irrevocable commitment to transfer all such Underlying ETF Shares (other than such 
Underlying ETF Shares owned or controlled by such other entity or person), or (iv) consolidation, 
amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange of the ETF or its subsidiaries with or into another entity in 
which the ETF is the continuing entity and which does not result in a reclassification or change of all of such 
Underlying ETF Shares outstanding but results in the outstanding Underlying ETF Shares (other than 
Underlying ETF Shares owned or controlled by such other entity) immediately prior to such event collectively 
representing less than 50 per cent. of the outstanding Underlying ETF Shares immediately following such 
event, in each case if the Merger Date is on or before the relevant Delivery Date or Actual Sale Date. 
“Nationalisation” means that all the Underlying ETF Shares or all or substantially all the assets of the ETF 
are nationalised, expropriated or are otherwise required to be transferred to any governmental agency, 
authority, entity or instrumentality thereof. 
“Tender Offer” means, in respect of an ETF, a takeover offer, tender offer, exchange offer, solicitation, 
proposal or other event by any entity or person that results in such entity or person purchasing, or otherwise 
obtaining or having the right to obtain, by conversion or other means, greater than 10 per cent. and less than 
100 per cent. of the outstanding voting shares of the ETF as determined by the Calculation Agent, based upon

--- Page 118 ---
118 
 
 
 
KBC Bank NV and CBC Banque SA – Warrants and Hedging Options Programme – Base Prospectus (2021) 
 
the making of filings with governmental or self-regulatory agencies or such other information as the 
Calculation Agent deems relevant. 
c. Notice 
Upon the occurrence of a De-listing, Merger Event, Insolvency, Nationalisation, or, if applicable, a Tender 
Offer, the Issuer shall give notice as soon as practicable to the Warrant Holders in accordance with Warrant 
Condition (14)a stating the occurrence of the De-listing, Merger Event, Insolvency, Nationalisation or, as the 
case may be, Tender Offer, giving details thereof and the action proposed to be taken in relation thereto. 
(22) Additional Disruption Events 
If an Additional Disruption Event occurs, the Issuer may take the action described in (i) or (ii) below: 
(i) 
in first instance, require the Calculation Agent to determine the appropriate adjustment, if any, to be 
made to the Entitlement and/or the Exercise Price (and/or the Actual Exercise Price) and/or any of the 
other terms of these Warrant Conditions and/or the Applicable Final Terms to account for the 
Additional Disruption Event and determine the effective date of that adjustment; or 
(ii) 
if the adjustment under (i) would not reasonably result in a repair of the contractual equilibrium (in 
line with the initially agreed terms of the Warrants), cancel the Warrants by giving notice to Warrant 
Holders in accordance with Warrant Condition (14)a. If the Warrants are so cancelled the Issuer will 
pay an amount to each Warrant Holder in respect of each Warrant held by him which amount shall be 
the Fair Market Value of a Warrant taking into account the Additional Disruption Event, as the case 
may be, plus, if already paid (when such Additional Disruption Event occurs after the initiation of the 
Exercise by the Warrant Holder), the Actual Exercise Price, the Exercise Cost and the Exercise 
Expenses, all as determined by the Calculation Agent. Payments will be made in such manner as shall 
be notified to the Warrant Holders in accordance with Warrant Condition (14)a. 
Upon the occurrence of an Additional Disruption Event, the Issuer shall give notice as soon as practicable to 
the Warrant Holders in accordance with Warrant Condition (14)a stating the occurrence of the Additional 
Disruption Event, as the case may be, giving details thereof and the action proposed to be taken in relation 
thereto.  
To the extent that the Warrant Holder is a Consumer, any adjustment pursuant this Warrant Condition (22) 
may not relate to an essential feature of the Warrants, unless: (a) in the case of the occurrence of (i) a force 
majeure event or (ii) an event which substantially alters the economics of the contract as initially agreed 
between the parties and which is not attributable to the Issuer, (b) any such adjustment does not create an 
obvious imbalance between the rights and obligations of the parties to the detriment of the Warrant Holder, 
and (c) the Issuer does not charge costs to the Warrant Holder for any such adjustment.

--- Page 119 ---
119 
 
 
 
KBC Bank NV and CBC Banque SA – Warrants and Hedging Options Programme – Base Prospectus (2021) 
 
2. Hedging Option Conditions 
The following are the terms and conditions of the Hedging Options (the Hedging Option Conditions) which 
will apply to each Series of Hedging Options issued under the Programme. Certain information which is 
applicable to each Series of Hedging Options will be set out in a final terms document (the Final Terms). 
Since the Hedging Option Final Terms that are applicable to a particular Series of the Hedging Options (the 
Applicable Final Terms) may only be determined when such Series of Hedging Options is issued, the Hedging 
Option Conditions set out below should be read in conjunction with the relevant Applicable Final Terms which 
will be published upon each issue of Hedging Options  in accordance with Article 21 of the Prospectus 
Regulation. 
Each of KBC Bank NV and CBC Banque SA (each an Issuer) has established a programme (the Programme) 
for the issuance of call options (koopopties/options d’achat) linked to an Underlying (as defined in Hedging 
Option Condition (1) below) (the Hedging Options). References to “the Issuer” must be interpreted as to the 
relevant Issuer of the respective Hedging Option. 
The Hedging Options are one of a Series of Hedging Options issued by an Issuer pursuant to a Hedging Option 
Agreement dated on or about 21 December 2021 (such Hedging Option Agreement as amended and/or 
supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the “Hedging Option Agreement”) between an Issuer and 
KBC Bank NV as Hedging Option Agent. In accordance with the provisions of the respective Hedging Option 
Agreement, additional Hedging Option Agents may be appointed from time to time in respect of a particular 
Series as set out in the Applicable Final Terms of such Series (in which case a separate calculation agency 
agreement will be concluded between the relevant Issuer and such Calculation Agent in the form set out in the 
schedule to the relevant Hedging Option Agreement, the Calculation Agency Agreement). KBC Bank NV 
shall also, in accordance with the provisions of the respective Hedging Option Agreement, undertake the duties 
of Calculation Agent as set out in these Hedging Option Conditions and in the Applicable Final Terms. The 
expression Calculation Agent shall, in relation to the relevant Hedging Options, include such other specified 
calculation agent. 
The Hedging Option Final Terms for a particular Series of Hedging Options (or the relevant provisions thereof) 
are attached hereto and complete these Hedging Option Conditions for the purposes of such particular Series 
of Hedging Options.  
As used herein, a Series means Hedging Options which are identical in all respects (including, for the 
avoidance of doubt, as to the Issue Date and Issue Price (such terms as defined below)) other than the Hedging 
Fee which may vary for Hedging Option Holders based on criteria such as number of Hedging Options bought 
and investor profile)). 
Certain provisions of these Hedging Option Conditions include summaries of, and are subject to, the detailed 
provisions of the Hedging Option Agreement. The Hedging Option Agreement and the Applicable Final Terms 
(and, if applicable in respect of a particular Series, any Calculation Agency Agreement) are available for 
inspection at and copies thereof may be obtained from the specified office of the Hedging Option Agent set 
out at the end of these Hedging Option Conditions during normal business hours. 
The Hedging Options are instruments that allow the Hedging Option Holder to gain an exposure on an 
Underlying. Their value may fluctuate based on, inter alia, fluctuations in the Value of the Underlying.  
Hedging Option Condition (10)d (Modification) grants or may grant the relevant Issuer (or the Hedging  Option 
Agent acting on its behalf) a unilateral right to modify certain features of the Hedging Options.  
The sole purpose of this provision is to allow the relevant Issuer (or the Hedging Option Agent acting on its 
behalf), under certain circumstances, to make modifications to the Hedging Options.

--- Page 120 ---
120 
 
 
 
KBC Bank NV and CBC Banque SA – Warrants and Hedging Options Programme – Base Prospectus (2021) 
 
Furthermore Hedging Option Condition (9) (Illegality) grants or may grant the relevant Issuer (or the Hedging  
Option Agent acting on its behalf) a right to terminate and cancel the Hedging Options under certain 
circumstances. 
In case of cancellation, the relevant Issuer is required to, if and to the extent permitted by applicable law, pay 
an amount to each Hedging Option Holder in respect of each Hedging Option held by such holder, which 
amount shall be the Fair Market Value of a Hedging Option notwithstanding such illegality, as determined by 
the Calculation Agent.  
(1) Definitions 
For the purpose of these Hedging Option Conditions, the following definitions have the following meanings: 
“Affiliate” means in relation to any entity (the “First Entity”), any entity controlled, directly or indirectly, by 
the First Entity, any entity that controls, directly or indirectly, the First Entity or any entity directly or indirectly 
under common control with the First Entity. For those purposes “Control” means ownership of a majority of 
the voting power of an entity.  
“Agent” means any of the Hedging Option Agent or the Calculation Agent. 
“Applicable Final Terms” has the meaning set out in the introduction to these Hedging Option Conditions. 
“BestOf Options” means the options granted by the Hedging Option Holder to its employees under its BestOf 
Share Option Plan.  
“BestOf Option Holder” means the holder of any BestOf Options. 
“BestOf Share Option Plan” means an employee benefit scheme pursuant to which an employer issues and 
offers BestOf Options on Underlying Shares defined in the BestOf Share Option Plan to beneficiaries as an 
incentive for the performance of their professional activities.  
“Business Dashboard” means the business portal that provides access to certain services and dashboard 
functionalities and that can be used by the Hedging Option Holder that has entered into a Business Dashboard 
Agreement, to launch a BestOf Share Option Plan. A description of the main features and functions and the 
applicable tariffs (if applicable) is always available and can be consulted at respectively www.kbc.be or 
www.cbc.be. 
“Business Day” means (i) a day (other than Saturday or Sunday) on which commercial banks are open for 
general business (including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in Brussels (Belgium) 
and in the relevant Business Day Centre(s) and (ii) for the purpose of making payments in Euro, any day on 
which the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express Transfer (TARGET2) System is 
open. 
“Business Day Centre” means the city or cities specified as such in the Applicable Final Terms. 
“Cash Settlement Amount” has the meaning given in Hedging Option Condition (7)b. 
“Calculation Agent” means KBC Bank in respect of any Series of Hedging Options issued under such 
Programme unless, in respect of a particular Series of Hedging Options, another party is appointed as the 
Calculation Agent in the Applicable Final Terms for such Series, such other party, and any successor 
Calculation Agent from time to time.

--- Page 121 ---
121 
 
 
 
KBC Bank NV and CBC Banque SA – Warrants and Hedging Options Programme – Base Prospectus (2021) 
 
“Calculation Agency Agreement” has the meaning set out in the introduction of these Hedging Option 
Conditions. 
“CBC Banque” means CBC Banque SA. 
“Change in Law” means that, on or after the Issue Date (as specified in the Applicable Final Terms) due to: 
(i) 
the adoption of or any change in any applicable law or regulation (including, without limitation, any 
tax law); or  
(ii) 
the promulgation of or any change in the interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority 
with competent jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation (including any action taken by a taxing 
authority),  
(A) 
it has become illegal to hold, acquire or dispose of any relevant Underlying or Hedging Option; 
or  
(B) 
the relevant Issuer will incur a materially increased cost in performing its obligations in 
relation to the Hedging Options (including, without limitation, due to any increase in tax 
liability, decrease in tax benefit or other adverse effect on the tax position of the Issuer and/or 
any of its Affiliates).  
“Closing Price” means, in respect of an Underlying and a Scheduled Trading Day, the official Value in respect 
of the relevant Underlying at the Valuation Time on such day, as determined by the Calculation Agent, subject 
as provided in Valuation Date below.  
“Cut-off Time” means 95 minutes before the close of the Exchange on which the Underlying is listed.  
“Dealer(s)” means the relevant Issuer (i.e. KBC Bank and CBC Banque) and any additional dealer appointed 
under the Programme from time to time, which appointment may be for a specific issue or on an ongoing basis.  
“Disrupted Day” means any Scheduled Trading Day on which a relevant Exchange fails to open for trading 
during its regular trading session. 
“Eligibility Criteria” means the following criteria to be met in order to be eligible to purchase the Hedging 
Options: (i) the purchaser shall be a legal person (such as a company) and not an individual or a consumer, (ii) 
it has set up a BestOf Share Option Plan and (iii) it has reached agreement with the relevant Issuer and 
acknowledged and agreed, by way of either a written agreement or letter or by electronic means such as the 
Issuer’s Business Dashboard, to be bound by these Hedging Options Conditions and the Applicable Final 
Terms. The Hedging Options are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available, and should not 
be offered, sold or otherwise made available, in Belgium to “consumers” (consommateurs/consumenten) 
within the meaning of the Belgian Code of Economic Law. 
“Entitlement” means, in respect of a Hedging Option of a Series, the number of the Underlyings (including a 
Fraction) which a Hedging Option Holder is entitled to receive upon Exercise of such Hedging Option, 
provided that the relevant Underlying shall not be delivered and in lieu thereof a cash adjustment, calculated 
in accordance with Hedging Option Condition (7), shall be paid.  
 
“Euro, EUR or €” means the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and 
monetary union pursuant to the Treaty, as amended.

--- Page 122 ---
122 
 
 
 
KBC Bank NV and CBC Banque SA – Warrants and Hedging Options Programme – Base Prospectus (2021) 
 
“Exchange” means, in respect of the Underlying, the exchange or quotation system, any successor or any 
substitute exchange or quotation system, including for the avoidance of doubt but without limitation, any 
regulated market where such Underlying is listed and/or traded. 
“Exercise” or “Exercise of a Hedging Option” means the automatic exercise of the Hedging Options as set 
out in Hedging Option Condition (6)a.  
“Exercise Period” means, in respect of a Hedging Option of a Series, the period specified in the Applicable 
Final Terms.  
“Exercise Price” means, in respect of a Hedging Option of a Series, the price specified in the Applicable Final 
Terms and the Confirmation of a single Underlying, to which the Hedging Option relates.  
“Expiration Date” means, in respect of a Hedging Option of a Series, the last Scheduled Trading Day falling 
within the Exercise Period. 
“Fair Market Value”, in respect of an Hedging Option means the fair market value determined by KBC Bank 
or the Hedging Option Agent on behalf of CBC Banque (as applicable) using an objective international model. 
“Final Settlement Payment” has the meaning set out in Hedging Option Condition (7)d. 
“Final Terms” means has the meaning set out in the introduction of these Hedging Option Conditions. 
“Fraction” means the fraction of the Underlying which is established by the relevant Issuer in the Applicable 
Final Terms. 
“Guaranteed Benefit” has the meaning set out in Hedging Option Condition (7)c. 
“Hedging Fee” means the fee equal to a maximum of 5 per cent of the Issue Price payable by a Hedging 
Option Holder to the relevant Issuer upon purchase of the Hedging Options as set out in the agreement between 
the relevant Issuer and Hedging Option Holder.   
“Hedging Option” has the meaning set out in the introduction to these Hedging Option Conditions.  
“Hedging Option Agent” means KBC Bank NV unless, in respect of a particular Series of Hedging Options, 
another party is appointed as the Hedging Option agent in the Applicable Final Terms for such Series, and any 
successor Hedging Option Agent from time to time.  
“Hedging Option Agreement” has the meaning set out in the introduction of these Hedging Option 
Conditions. 
“Hedging Option Holder” means any holder of a Hedging Option from time to time.  
“Hedging Options Register” has the meaning set out in Hedging Option Condition (2).  
“Index” means the Underlying Index  as further specified in the Applicable Final Terms. 
“Intrinsic Value”, in respect of a Hedging Option, the value that is based on the difference between the 
Closing Price of the Fraction of the Underlying and the Fraction of the Exercise Price.  
“Issue Date” means, in respect of a Series of Hedging Options, the Business Day on which such Series of 
Hedging Options is issued as specified in the Applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 123 ---
123 
 
 
 
KBC Bank NV and CBC Banque SA – Warrants and Hedging Options Programme – Base Prospectus (2021) 
 
“Issue Price” means, in respect of a Hedging Option of a Series, the amount per Hedging Option as specified 
in the Applicable Final Terms.  
“Issuer” has the meaning set out in the introduction to these Hedging Option Conditions.  
“KBC Bank” means KBC Bank NV.  
“KBC Bank Group” means KBC Bank and all its subsidiaries (including CBC Banque). 
“Market Disruption Event” means, in respect of an Underlying when such Underlying is listed: 
(a) 
the occurrence or existence at any time during the one hour period that ends at the relevant Valuation 
Time of: 
(i) 
any suspension of or limitation imposed on trading by the relevant Exchange or otherwise and 
whether by reason of movements in price exceeding limits permitted by the relevant Exchange 
or otherwiserelating to the Underlying on the Exchange; or 
(ii) 
any event (other than an event described in (b) below) that disrupts or impairs (as determined 
by the Calculation Agent) the ability of market participants in general (A) to effect transactions 
in, or obtain market values for, the Underlying on the Exchange,  
which in either case the Calculation Agent determines is material; or 
(b) 
the closure on any Scheduled Trading Day of the relevant Exchange (s) prior to its Scheduled Closing 
Time unless such earlier closing time is announced by such Exchange(s) at least one hour prior to the 
earlier of (i) the actual closing time for the regular trading session on such Exchange(s) on such 
Scheduled Trading Day and (ii) the submission deadline for orders to be entered into the Exchange 
system for execution at the Scheduled Closing Time on such Scheduled Trading Day. 
“Programme” has the meaning set out in the introduction of these Hedging Option Conditions. 
“Resolution Authority” means the Single Resolution Board (“SRB”) (established pursuant to the Regulation 
806/2014 of the European Parliament and the Council of 15 July 2014 relating to the Single Resolution 
Mechanism) and, where relevant, the resolution college of the National Bank of Belgium (within the meaning 
of Article 21ter of the Act of 22 February 1998 establishing the organic statute of the National Bank of 
Belgium) or any successor or replacement entity having responsibility for the recovery and resolution of the 
Issuer. 
“Scheduled Closing Time” means, in respect of an Exchange and a Scheduled Trading Day, the scheduled 
weekday closing time of such Exchange on such Scheduled Trading Day, without regard to after hours or any 
other trading outside of the regular trading session hours.  
“Scheduled Trading Day” means any day on which the relevant Exchange is scheduled to be open for trading 
for its respective regular trading sessions notwithstanding any such Exchange closing prior to its Scheduled 
Closing Time. 
“Series” has the meaning set out in the introduction to these Hedging Option Conditions 
“Taxes” means taxes, levies, imposts, duties, deductions, withholdings, assessments or other charges 
(including any stamp, registration or transfer tax, duty or other charge or tax on income, payments (or deliveries 
of assets), profits or capital gains) together with any interest, additions to tax or penalties.

--- Page 124 ---
124 
 
 
 
KBC Bank NV and CBC Banque SA – Warrants and Hedging Options Programme – Base Prospectus (2021) 
 
(to) “Terminate” means, in respect of a Hedging Option, performing the transaction of the Termination of  a 
Hedging Option. 
“Termination Order” means,  a notice given by the Hedging Option Holder to the Issuer  by email or other 
communication means as agreed with the relevant Issuer, for the termination of the Hedging Options to the 
relevant Issuer in accordance with Hedging Option Condition (8).  
“Termination of a Hedging Option” or “Termination” means the termination of the Hedging Option as set 
out in Hedging Option Conditions (6)b,  (8) and  (14). 
“Termination Value” means the price (payable by the relevant Issuer) at which the relevant Issuer may 
terminate a Hedging Option if offered to it for Termination by the Hedging Option Holder, as determined in 
accordance with Hedging Option Condition (8).  
“Underlying” means, in respect of a Hedging Option of a Series, the underlying Index specified as such in the 
Applicable Final Terms. 
“Valuation Date” means each date specified as such in the Applicable Final Terms (or, if such date is not a 
Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day) unless if any such date is a Disrupted 
Day, then the Valuation Date shall be the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day, 
unless each of the eight Scheduled Trading Days immediately following the Scheduled Valuation Date is a 
Disrupted Day (such eighth day, the “Eighth Scheduled Trading Day”). In that case, the Calculation Agent 
shall determine in its absolute discretion that the Valuation Date shall be the earlier of: (aa) the Eighth 
Scheduled Trading Day, in which case the Calculation Agent shall determine the relevant Value using its good 
faith estimate of such Value as of the Valuation Time on the Eighth Scheduled Trading Day; and (bb) the first 
succeeding Scheduled Trading Day on which there is no Market Disruption Event.  
“Valuation Time” means, unless an alternative Valuation Time is specified in the Applicable Final Terms, 
the Scheduled Closing Time on the Exchange on the relevant Valuation Date in relation to the Underlying to 
be valued. If the Exchange closes prior to its Scheduled Closing Time and the specified Valuation Time is after 
the actual closing time for its regular trading session, then the Valuation Time shall be such actual closing 
time. 
“Value” means, in respect of an Underlying, the value of such Underlying based on the price quoted on such 
Exchange as specified in the Applicable Final Terms. 
(2) Form 
The Hedging Options of a Series will be issued to each Hedging Option Holder on the Issue Date. A register 
of Hedging Options will be kept and held by the relevant Issuer or by the relevant Hedging Option Agent on 
such Issuer’s behalf (the Hedging Options Register) in the name of the relevant Hedging Option Holder(s)).  
(3) Eligibility of Holder and Title  
The Hedging Option is only available to purchase by any entity which satisfies the Eligibility Criteria, and 
subject to payment to the relevant Issuer of the Issue Price and  a Hedging Fee (comprised of a percentage that 
is based on the Issue Price of the Hedging Options and determined by the relevant Issuer based on certain 
criteria such as number of Hedging Options bought and investor profile). The Issue Price for each Series of 
Hedging Options is contained in the Applicable Final Terms and the Hedging Fee for the purchase of the 
Hedging Options will be set out in the agreement between the relevant Issuer and each Hedging Option Holder. 
The relevant Issuer will provide a confirmation of the purchase of Hedging Options to each Hedging Option 
Holder.

--- Page 125 ---
125 
 
 
 
KBC Bank NV and CBC Banque SA – Warrants and Hedging Options Programme – Base Prospectus (2021) 
 
Except as ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction or as required by law, the holder of any Hedging Option 
shall be deemed to be and may be treated as absolute owner of such Hedging Option for all purposes and 
regardless of any notice of ownership, trust or an interest in it, or its theft or loss and no person shall be liable 
for so treating the holder. 
(4) Currency 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, a Hedging Option may be issued, and 
its value (and its Hedging Fee and Exercise Price) may be expressed, in euro or in any other currency agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) or subscriber of the relevant Series as specified in the Applicable 
Final Terms. Such currency in which a Hedging Option is issued and the Exercise Price at which the Hedging 
Option can be exercised can be different from the currency of the Underlying to which the Hedging Option is 
linked.  
(5) Status 
The Hedging Options constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the 
relevant Issuer and rank and will rank at all times pari passu with all present and future unsecured obligations 
of the relevant Issuer, without any preference among themselves and without any preference one above the 
other by reason of priority of date of issue, any currency or payment or otherwise, subject to any exceptions as 
from time to time under applicable law. 
The Hedging Options will not be secured by the Underlying to which such Hedging Option is linked. The 
Hedging Option does not confer on the Hedging Option Holder any rights (whether in respect of voting, 
distributions, conversion or otherwise) attaching to the relevant Underlying (except for the right to acquire an 
Entitlement in the Underlying at the Fraction of the Exercise Price). 
The Hedging Option Holders are qualified as senior preferred creditors under article 389/1, 1° of the Banking 
Law, and such creditors have a higher priority ranking than the so-called senior non-preferred creditors defined 
under article 389/1, 2° of the Banking Law. 
The Hedging Options will not bear any interest. 
The Hedging Options are not transferable and will not be listed on any exchange. 
(6) Exercise and Termination 
a. Exercise  
The Hedging Options are call options linked to an Underlying providing the relevant Hedging Option Holder 
a contractual right (schuldvordering/créance) against the relevant Issuer to acquire an Entitlement at a 
predetermined Fraction of the Exercise Price on a predetermined Expiration Date. 
The Hedging Options are European-style options, automatically exercisable on the Expiration Date.  On the 
Expiration Date, any Hedging Options not yet effectively terminated by any Hedging Option Holder will be 
automatically exercised and settled in cash provided that they have a positive Intrinsic Value in accordance 
with Hedging Option Condition (7). A Guaranteed Benefit can be provided to the relevant Hedging Option 
Holder in accordance with Hedging Option Condition (7). 
A Hedging Option which is not Exercised on the Expiration Date by the Hedging Option Holder, shall 
become void and will cease to have any value.

--- Page 126 ---
126 
 
 
 
KBC Bank NV and CBC Banque SA – Warrants and Hedging Options Programme – Base Prospectus (2021) 
 
b. Termination 
The Hedging Option Holder may also offer its Hedging Options for Termination to the relevant Issuer and 
such Issuer has the right, without this being an obligation, to accept such offer as provided in Hedging Option 
Condition (8) if such Issuer has been notified that the conditions under Hedging Option Condition (8) are 
satisfied. 
(7) Exercise Procedure 
a. Exercise Price  
The Exercise Price for a Hedging Option of a given Series will be set by the relevant Issuer (or the Hedging 
Option Agent on its behalf) on the relevant Issue Date and set out in the Applicable Final Terms based on the 
Value of the Underlying (and will hence be expressed by reference to an entire share or unit in the Underlying) 
on such date.    
b. Cash Settlement Amount 
On the Expiration Date, the Hedging Options that have not been effectively terminated by the relevant Hedging 
Option Holder will be automatically Exercised at the Valuation Time of the relevant Scheduled Trading Day.  
If, at the Valuation time of the relevant Scheduled Trading Day, the Intrinsic Value of the Hedging Option is 
positive, the relevant Issuer shall pay such Intrinsic Value to the Hedging Option Holder (the “Cash 
Settlement Amount”).  
None of the Issuer or the Agent shall have any responsibility for any errors or omissions in the calculation of 
any Cash Settlement Amount. 
c. Guaranteed Benefit 
The Hedging Option Holder has the benefit of a conditional guaranteed amount in respect of each applicable 
Hedging Option that has not been effectively terminated prior to the Expiration Date and that is equal to 
(Exercise Price x Fraction) x 23% x 53.5% per Hedging Option (the “Guaranteed Benefit”) as specified in 
the Applicable Final Terms. 
d. Final Settlement Payment 
The final settlement payment payable by the relevant Issuer to a Hedging Option Holder in respect of each 
Hedging Option that has not been effectively terminated prior to the Expiration Date is the higher of (i) the 
Cash Settlement Amount and (ii) the Guaranteed Benefit (the “Final Settlement Payment”). 
Final Settlement Payment shall be made by the relevant Issuer to each Hedging Option Holder no later than 7 
Business Days after the Expiration Date to the specified account of each relevant Hedging Option Holder as 
communicated by the relevant Hedging Option Holder. 
(8) Termination Procedure 
a) Termination Value 
The Hedging Option Holder may offer its Hedging Options for Termination to the relevant Issuer and such 
Issuer has the right, without this being an obligation, to accept such offer as provided in Hedging Option 
Condition (8). Other than offering to the relevant Issuer for Termination, the Hedging Options are not 
transferable.

--- Page 127 ---
127 
 
 
 
KBC Bank NV and CBC Banque SA – Warrants and Hedging Options Programme – Base Prospectus (2021) 
 
A Hedging Option Holder has the right to offer its Hedging Options for Termination to the relevant Issuer in 
accordance with the terms of this Hedging Option Condition (8) if it notifies the relevant Issuer that: 
i) 
a BestOf Option Holder of the Hedging Option Holder’s BestOf Share Option Plan terminates an 
identical number of BestOf Share Options; or  
ii) 
an offeree of a BestOf Share Option Plan refuses the BestOf Share Options or a BestOf Option 
Holder loses the Bestof Options due to termination of employment with the relevant Hedging 
Option Holder (unless expressly agreed otherwise), 
and the relevant Issuer has the right, without this being an obligation, to accept such offer.  
A Hedging Option Holder may submit a Termination Order by email to kbcoptionplan@kbc.be or through 
other communication channels agreed with the relevant Issuer [specifying the details and amounts of Hedging 
Options to be Terminated, and confirming that the conditions for such Termination have been satisfied.  
The relevant Issuer may agree to Terminate the Hedging Options offered for Termination by a Hedging Option 
Holder (without this being an obligation) at the Termination Value,  determined in accordance with the table 
set out in paragraph (a) of this Hedging Option Condition (8).  
The Termination Value is calculated each Scheduled Trading Day using an objective international model on 
the basis of the Closing Price of the Underlying. If, due to force majeure or other events during a Scheduled 
Trading Day, it is not possible to calculate the Termination Value of the Termination Orders, the Termination 
Value for the Termination Orders submitted during that Scheduled Trading Day will be calculated on the basis 
of  the Closing Price of the next Scheduled Trading Day on which the Calculation Agent is able to calculate 
the Termination Value. 
A Termination Value of Hedging Options shall be determined each Scheduled Trading Day by the Hedging 
Option Agent and will be posted on the the following website at: https://option.esop.kbc.be/ (accessible with 
a username and a password) for indicative purposes only. The Termination Value applicable for a specific 
Termination Order of a Hedging Option Holder shall depend on the time at which the relevant Issuer receives 
the Termination Order. It shall only be determined at the end of the Scheduled Trading Day on which the Issuer 
receives the Termination Order (or at the end of the following Scheduled Trading Day, if it receives the 
Termination Order after the Cut-Off Time CET). The relevant Issuer shall ensure that at any time as long as 
Hedging Options are outstanding under the Programme in respect of which the Exercise Period has not lapsed, 
Termination Value will continue to be posted for indicative purposes on the above website. 
 
Time 
of 
receipt 
of 
Termination Order 
Termination 
Value 
at 
https://option.esop.kbc.be/  
1. 
 Any time before the Cut-Off 
Time (CET) on a Scheduled 
Trading Day 
Termination Value calculated using objective 
international model on the basis of the Closing 
Price of the same Scheduled Trading Day, 
published at 9.00h (CET) on the immediately 
following Scheduled Trading Day  
2. 
Any time on or after the Cut-
Off Time (CET) on a  
Scheduled Trading Day 
Termination Value calculated using objective 
international model on the basis of the Closing 
Price on the immediately following Scheduled 
Trading Day, published at 9.00h (CET) on the 
Scheduled Trading  Day following the Scheduled

--- Page 128 ---
128 
 
 
 
KBC Bank NV and CBC Banque SA – Warrants and Hedging Options Programme – Base Prospectus (2021) 
 
Trading Day on which the Termination Value is 
calculated 
The actual Termination date of a Hedging Option offered for Termination to the relevant Issuer is the 
Scheduled Trading Day on which the Termination Value is determined in accordance with paragraph (a) of 
this Hedging Option Condition (8). 
To ensure that Termination takes place within the Exercise Period, the Termination Order must be submitted 
before the Cut-off Time on the second last Scheduled Trading Day of the Exercise Period. 
Any loss of the Hedging Option Holder resulting from the Termination Order being received after the 
Cut-Off Time on the second last Scheduled Trading Day prior to the Expiration Date cannot be 
recovered in any way from the Issuer (save in case of gross negligence or wilful misconduct of the Issuer 
or its agents). 
b) Payment of the Termination Value 
After the effective Termination of the relevant Hedging Options based on the Termination Order submitted by 
a Hedging Option Holder, the relevant Issuer shall transfer the Termination Value as determined in accordance 
with paragraph (a) above of this Hedging Option Condition (8) to the specified account of the Hedging Option 
Holder as communicated by the Hedging Option Holder no later than 7 Business Days after the Termination 
date.  
c) Termination Risk 
Termination of the Hedging Options is subject to  all applicable laws, regulations and practices in force on the 
relevant actual Termination date of the Hedging Options as determined in accordance with paragraph (a) above 
of this Hedging Option Condition (8). None of the Issuer, the Hedging Option Agent or the Calculation Agent 
shall incur any liability whatsoever if it is unable in case of force majeure to effect the transactions 
contemplated. This does not affect the right of the Hedging Option Holder to the Hedging Options, or its ability 
to offer for Termination of the Hedging Options on a later date until the Cut-Off time on the second last 
Scheduled Trading Day of the Expiration Date.  
d) Effect of Termination Orders 
Termination Orders shall constitute an irrevocable election and undertaking by the Hedging Option Holder to 
offer the Hedging Options to the relevant Issuer for Termination.  
Any Hedging Options which are terminated effectively will be removed from the Hedging Option Register 
under the name of the relevant Hedging Option Holder by the relevant Hedging Option Agent and be cancelled. 
The Hedging Option Holder may not transfer any Hedging Options. Notwithstanding this, if any Hedging 
Option Holder does so transfer or attempt to transfer such Hedging Options, such transfer will not be registered 
and will not be enforceable againt the relevant Issuer.  
e) Costs 
In case of Termination of the Hedging Options, no additional costs will be due by the Hedging Option Holder.  
However, the Hedging Option Holder undertakes to pay all taxes, duties and/or expenses, including any 
applicable depository charges, transaction or exercise charges, stamp duty, stamp duty reserve tax, issue, 
registration, securities transfer and/or other taxes or duties arising in connection with the Termination of

--- Page 129 ---
129 
 
 
 
KBC Bank NV and CBC Banque SA – Warrants and Hedging Options Programme – Base Prospectus (2021) 
 
Hedging Options, and it authorises the relevant Issuer to deduct an amount in respect thereof from the 
Termination Value due to such Hedging Option Holder.  
(9) 
Illegality  
a. If the performance by an Issuer of its obligations under the Hedging Options or any arrangements made 
to hedge such Issuer’s obligations under the Hedging Options has or will become unlawful, illegal or 
otherwise prohibited in whole or in part for any duly documented reason, including, without limitation, 
as a result of compliance with any applicable present or future law, rule, regulation, judgment, order or 
directive or with any requirement or request of any governmental, administrative, legislative or judicial 
authority or power, such Issuer may terminate and cancel the Hedging Options held by Hedging Option 
Holders by giving notice to such Hedging Option Holders in accordance with Hedging Option Condition 
(12). 
b. If an Issuer terminates and cancels the Hedging Options then such Issuer will, if and to the extent permitted 
by applicable law, pay an amount to each Hedging Option Holder in respect of each Hedging Option held 
by such holder, which amount shall be the Fair Market Value of a Hedging Option notwithstanding such 
illegality, as determined by the Calculation Agent. Payment will be made in such manner as shall be 
notified to the Hedging Option Holders in accordance with Hedging Option Condition (12)a. 
(10) Agents, Determinations and Modifications 
a. Hedging Option Agent 
The specified office of KBC Bank as initial Hedging Option Agent is as set out on the back of the Base 
Prospectus (or, in case of additional Hedging Option Agents appointed in respect of a specific Series, as set 
out in the Applicable Final Terms).  
The Issuers reserves the right at any time to vary or terminate the appointment of the Hedging Option Agent 
and to appoint further or additional Hedging Option agents, provided that no termination of appointment of 
the Hedging Option Agent shall become effective until a replacement Hedging Option Agent shall have been 
appointed. Notice of any termination of appointment and of any changes in the specified office of the Hedging 
Option Agent will be given to Hedging Option Holders in accordance with Hedging Option Condition (14)a.  
In acting under the Hedging Option Agreement, the Hedging Option Agent acts solely as agent of the relevant 
Issuer and does not assume any obligation or duty to, or any relationship of agency or trust for or with, the 
Hedging Option Holders and any determinations and calculations made in respect of the Hedging Options by 
the Hedging Option Agent shall (save in the case of manifest error) be final, conclusive and binding on the 
relevant Issuer and the Hedging Option Holder. 
b. Calculation Agent 
In relation to each issue of Hedging Options, the Calculation Agent (whether it be KBC Bank or another entity) 
acts solely and its sole discretion as agent of the relevant Issuer and does not assume any obligation or duty to, 
or any relationship of agency or trust for or with, the Hedging Option Holders. All calculations and 
determinations made in respect of the Hedging Options by the Calculation Agent shall (save in the case of 
manifest error) be final, conclusive and binding on the relevant Issuer and the Hedging Option Holder. 
Whenever the Calculation Agent is required to act or exercise judgement, it will do so in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner. The Calculation Agent shall, as soon as practicable after making any 
determination pursuant to these Hedging Option Conditions, notify the relevant Issuer and the Hedging Option 
Holder of such determination. Any delay, deferral or forbearance by the Calculation Agent in the performance 
or exercise of any of its obligations or its discretion under the Hedging Options including, without limitation,

--- Page 130 ---
130 
 
 
 
KBC Bank NV and CBC Banque SA – Warrants and Hedging Options Programme – Base Prospectus (2021) 
 
the giving of any notice by it to any person, shall not affect the validity or binding nature of any later 
performance or exercise of such obligation or discretion, and none of the Calculation Agent or the relevant 
Issuer shall, in the absence of wilful misconduct and gross negligence, bear any liability in respect of, or 
consequent upon, any such delay, deferral or forbearance. 
c. Determinations and calculations 
Any determination made by an Issuer, Calculation Agent and/or Hedging Option Agent pursuant to these 
Hedigng Option Conditions shall (save in the case of manifest error) be final, conclusive and binding on the 
relevant Issuer and Hedging Option Holders.  
None of the Issuer, the Calculation Agent and the Hedging Option Agent shall have any responsibility to any 
person for any errors or omissions in any calculation in respect of the Hedging Options, save in case of 
negligence or wilful misconduct.  
d. Modifications 
An Issuer (or the Hedging Option Agent acting on its behalf) may modify these Hedging Option Conditions 
and/or the Hedging Option Agreement without the consent of the Hedging Option Holders provided that (i) 
such modification is not materially prejudicial to the interests of the Hedging Option Holders as a whole; or 
(ii) such modification is of a formal, minor or technical nature or to correct a manifest or proven error, to cure, 
correct or supplement any defective provision contained herein and/or therein or to comply with mandatory 
provisions of the law; or (iii) such modification is made to correct an inconsistency between the final terms 
and the conditions of the Hedging Option issued (comprising these Hedging Option Conditions as completed 
by the relevant Hedging Option Final Terms) and the relevant term sheet relating to the Hedging Options.  
 
Any such modification shall be binding on the Hedging Option Holders and a notice of any such modification 
will be given to the Hedging Option Holder in accordance with Hedging Option Condition (12)b as soon as 
practicable thereafter.  
(11) Liability 
An Issuer is not liable for any loss the Hedging Option Holder may suffer due to price losses on specific 
purchases of Hedging Options. More specifically, an Issuer cannot be held liable if the tax treatment of the 
Hedging Options  changes. 
Other than in the case of evidence of willful act or omission or gross negligence on the part of an Issuer, its 
employees or its agents, the Hedging Option Holder bears full and unconditional liability for any and all direct 
and indirect consequences suffered by the relevant Issuer as a result of acquiring Hedging Options. 
(12) Notices  
All notices to holders of Hedging Options will be done by e-mail, via the Business Dashboard, by registered 
letter or letter with acknowledgement of receipt or through any other means of communication agreed between 
an Issuer and the relevant Hedging Option Holder. 
Notices effected by e-mail or via the Business Dashboard before 4 p.m. on a Business Day will be deemed to 
have been received immediately. If such notices are sent after 4 p.m. on a Business Day, they will be deemed 
to have been received at 10 a.m. on the following Business Day. Notices sent by registered letter or letter with 
acknowledgement of receipt  are deemed to have been received at 10 a.m. on the first Business Day following 
their first offer.

--- Page 131 ---
131 
 
 
 
KBC Bank NV and CBC Banque SA – Warrants and Hedging Options Programme – Base Prospectus (2021) 
 
Where these Hedging Option Conditions provide that a period shall begin on or after a notification, such period 
shall begin to run from the time the notification is received or is deemed to have been received, whichever 
event occurs first. 
Financial information in respect of the Hedging Options may also be made available by the relevant Issuer on 
the website https://option.esop.kbc.be (or such other website as may be communicated to the Hedging Option 
Holders in the future). 
(13) Expenses and Taxation 
No Issuer shall be liable for any applicable costs and/or expenses that may arise in relation to Termination, the 
automatic Exercise or holding the Hedging Option by the Hedging Option Holders (except as provided 
otherwise in these Hedging Option Conditions in relation to unilateral modifications made to the terms of the 
Hedging Options or in case of cancellation of the Hedging Options) and the Hedging Option Holders shall be 
liable to bear such cost and/or expenses. 
The Hedging Option Holder shall also be liable for any and all present, future, prospective, contingent or 
anticipated Taxes. 
Hedging Option Holders should note that the Issue Price of a Hedging Option may include certain commissions 
or fees charged by the relevant Issuer and/or the Dealer(s) in respect of a Series of Hedging Options but does 
not include any fees payable to a distributor or broker of the Hedging Options. 
Payments arising from acquiring Hedging Options that could result in the levying of withholding tax will be 
reduced by the amount of this withholding tax. Any Issuer or the Hedging Option Agent that is obliged to 
deduct withholding tax will take the necessary measures to that end and at the request of any relevant Hedging 
Option Holder provide the documents required to substantiate the deduction of withholding tax and the 
payment thereof to the tax authorities. Withholding tax is understood for the purposes of this Hedging Option 
Condition (13) to refer to all current or future taxes, levies, duties or deductions of any nature that will be 
levied or withheld. 
If, following the acquisition by a Hedging Option Holder of Hedging Options, as a result of 
1) 
the introduction or amendment of any legislation or regulations,  
2) 
the publication of an interpretation by the competent government or as a result of a legal ruling, or  
3) 
a different status applying to the Hedging Option Holder from that which was originally communicated 
to the Issuer,  
an additional levy is imposed on the proceeds or the payment flows resulting from the acquisition to the 
disadvantage of the relevant Issuer, such Issuer (or the Hedging Option Agent acting on its behalf) will have 
the right, without prejudice to any other rights of such Issuer pursuant to the applicable legislation, to 
unilaterally amend these terms and conditions after notifying the Hedging Option Holder to adapt it to the new 
regulations so that such Issuer receives the same payments that it would receive if such additional tax had not 
been applied.  
(14) 
Default by the Hedging Option Holder  
Should the Hedging Option Holder;  
1) fail to perform any obligation it owes to the relevant Issuer;

--- Page 132 ---
132 
 
 
 
KBC Bank NV and CBC Banque SA – Warrants and Hedging Options Programme – Base Prospectus (2021) 
 
2) be in default under any other agreement with the relevant Issuer, including agreements unconnected 
with the Hedging Options issued under the Programme, or such Issuer has cancelled or terminated an 
agreement with such Hedging Option Holder in accordance with the conditions of such Hedging 
Option Holder;  
3) be in a situation where a creditor attaches all or part of its assets in custody or in execution;  
4) becomes legally incapacitated or loses its legal personality, is wound-up or liquidated;  
5) enters into a merger, is demerged or transfers a substantial part of its assets and/or liabilities or acquires 
such assets and/or liabilities from another company without the prior approval of the relevant Issuer; 
or  
6) is in a situation of changed creditworthiness or of imminent non-compliance with any commitment 
with such relevant Issuer that impacts the relationship of trust between the Hedging Option Holder and 
such relevant Issuer in any manner;  
such relevant Issuer is entitled, without prejudice to any other rights of such Issuer under applicable law, 
after notifying the Hedging Option Holder, to terminate the Hedging Option(s) of such Hedging Option 
Holder and cease to provide any and all additional services in connection with its Hedging Options and, 
in general, to take all measures that such Issuer, in its sole discretion, considers necessary to safeguard its 
interests, all without prejudice to such Issuer’s right to compensation for any losses it may incur.  
Notwithstanding the above, (i) should the Hedging Option Holder be no longer able to meet its obligations 
under its Bestof Share Option Plan, the relevant Issuer is entitled, without prejudice to any other rights of 
such Issuer under applicable law, after notifying the Hedging Option Holder, to Terminate the Hedging 
Option(s) of the Hedging Option Holder and (ii) the Hedging Option(s) of the Hedging Option Holder will 
be automatically Terminated in case of bankruptcy of the relevant Hedging Option Holder. 
If Hedging Options of the Hedging Option Holder are Terminated by the relevant Issuer pursuant to this 
Hedging Option Condition (14), the Termination Value (as determined pursuant to Hedging Option 
Condition (8) on the basis that the Hedging Option Holder shall be deemed to have submitted a 
Termination Order in respect of all of the relevant Hedging Options) will be paid by the relevant Issuer to 
the Hedging Option Holder.  
(15) Entirety of the Hedging Option Conditions 
Should any one or more of the provisions contained in these Hedging Option Conditions be or become invalid, 
the validity of the remaining provisions shall not in any way be affected thereby. 
(16) Governing law and Jurisdiction 
a. Applicable law 
The Hedging Options, the Hedging Option Agreement and all matters arising from or connected with the 
Hedging Options and the Hedging Option Agreement (and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with the Hedging Options) are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, Belgian 
law. 
b. Jurisdiction 
The courts of Brussels, Belgium (Dutch speaking chambers) are to have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any 
dispute, arising from or connected with the Hedging Options (including any disputes relating to any

--- Page 133 ---
133 
 
 
 
KBC Bank NV and CBC Banque SA – Warrants and Hedging Options Programme – Base Prospectus (2021) 
 
non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Hedging Options), without prejudice to 
any party’s rights under article 624, 1°, 2° and 4°, of the Belgian Judicial Code and without restricting the 
competence of any court which is competent under article 624, 1°, 2° and 4°, of the Belgian Judicial Code.  
(17) Acknowledgement of the bail-in power 
Notwithstanding and to the exclusion of any other term of the Hedging Options or any other agreements, 
arrangements or understanding between an Issuer and any Hedging Option Holder (which, for the purposes of 
this Hedging Option Condition, includes each holder of a beneficial interest in the Hedging Options), by its 
acquisition of the Hedging Options, each Hedging Option Holder acknowledges and accepts that any liability 
arising under the Hedging Options may be subject to the exercise of the Bail-in Power by the Resolution 
Authority and acknowledges, accepts, consents to and agrees: 
a) to be bound by the effect of the exercise of any Bail-in Power by the Resolution Authority, which 
exercise may (without limitation) include and result in any of the following, or a combination 
thereof:  
i. the reduction of all, or a portion, of the Relevant Amounts in respect of the Hedging 
Options; 
ii. the conversion of all, or a portion, of the Relevant Amounts in respect of the Hedging 
Options into shares, other securities or other obligations of an Issuer or another person, 
and the issue to or conferral on the Hedging Option Holder of such shares, securities 
or obligations, including by means of an amendment, modification or variation of the 
terms of the Hedging Options; 
iii. the cancellation of the Hedging Options or the Relevant Amounts in respect of the 
Hedging Options; and 
iv. the amendment or alteration of the maturity of the Hedging Options or amendment of 
the amount of interest payable on the Hedging Options, or the date on which interest 
becomes payable, including by suspending payment for a temporary period; and 
b) to the variation of the terms of the Hedging Options, as deemed necessary by the Resolution 
Authority, to give effect to the exercise of any Bail-in Power by the Resolution Authority. 
For the purpose of this Hedging Option Condition: 
Bail-in Power means any power existing from time to time under applicable Loss Absorption Regulations or 
under applicable laws, regulations, requirements, guidelines, rules, standards and policies relating to the 
transposition of the BRRD pursuant to which the obligations of an Issuer (or an affiliate of such Issuer) can be 
reduced (in part or in whole), cancelled, suspended, transferred, varied or otherwise modified in any way, or 
converted into shares, other securities or other obligations of such Issuer or any other person, whether in 
connection with the implementation of a bail-in tool following placement in resolution or otherwise; 
Loss Absorption Regulations means, at any time, the laws, regulations, requirements, guidelines, rules, 
standards and policies relating to minimum requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities and/or loss 
absorbing capacity instruments of the Kingdom of Belgium, the Relevant Regulator, the Resolution Authority, 
the Financial Stability Board and/or of the European Parliament or of the Council of the European Union then 
in effect in the Kingdom of Belgium including, without limitation to the generality of the foregoing, any 
delegated or implementing acts (such as regulatory technical standards) adopted by the European Commission 
and any regulations, requirements, guidelines, rules, standards and policies relating to minimum requirements 
for own funds and eligible liabilities and/or loss absorbing capacity instruments adopted by the Relevant

--- Page 134 ---
134 
 
 
 
KBC Bank NV and CBC Banque SA – Warrants and Hedging Options Programme – Base Prospectus (2021) 
 
Regulator and/or the Resolution Authority from time to time (whether or not such regulations, requirements, 
guidelines, rules, standards or policies are applied generally or specifically to an Issuer or to the KBC Bank 
Group); and 
Relevant Amounts the amounts payable by an Issuer with respect to each Hedging Option. 
c) 
Market Disruption 
The Hedging Option Holders are subject to the risk of a Market Disruption Event. 
If an Issuer or the Calculation Agent determines that a Market Disruption Event has occurred, a valuation in 
the relevant Underlying may consequentially be postponed or adjusted which may have an adverse effect on 
the value of such Hedging Option. 
d) 
Events affecting the Underlying 
If an Issuer or the Calculation Agent determines that an event occurs (such as a material change to the 
composition of the Underlying or corporate actions) which materially and adversely impacts on the ability of 
the Hedging Option Holders to hedge their exposures under their respective BestOf Share Option Plan with 
their Hedging Options, the relevant Issuer, or the Calculation Agent or Hedging Option Agent on its behalf, 
may, but shall not be under an obligation to, use commercially reasonable efforts, but without additional cost 
for the Issuer, to make changes to the Underlying in order to mitigate such adverse impact for the Hedging 
Option Holders.

--- Page 135 ---
135 
 
 
 
KBC Bank NV and CBC Banque SA – Warrants and Hedging Options Programme – Base Prospectus (2021) 
 
VIII. 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
1. Form of final terms for the Warrants 
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each Series of Warrants issued under the 
Programme. Text in this section appearing in italics does not form part of the Final Terms but denotes 
directions for completing the Final Terms. 
[Date] 
[Issuer] 
 
Issue of [Number of Warrants] 
[Title of Warrants] Warrants under the KBC Bank and CBC Banque Warrants and Hedging Options 
Programme 
 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
 
[MiFID II product governance / retail investors, professional investors and ECPs target market – Solely 
for the purposes of the Issuer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Warrants has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Warrants is eligible counterparties, 
professional clients and retail clients, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (“MiFID II”); (ii) all the 
channels for distribution to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate; and (iii) all the 
channels for distribution to retail clients are appropriate subject to the appropriateness obligations under 
MiFID II.] 
[PRIIPS Regulation – A key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014, as amended 
(the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Warrants or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the EEA has been prepared and is available on [●].] 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in the 
Base Prospectus dated [date] [and the supplement to the Base Prospectus dated [date]] which [together] 
constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation (the “Base Prospectus”). This 
document constitutes the Final Terms of the Warrants described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus 
Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus in order to obtain all relevant information.  
The Base Prospectus has been published on the Issuer’s website www.kbc.com/www.cbc.be12.  
In case of any inconsistency between the Base Prospectus and the Final Terms, the Final Terms shall prevail. 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE WARRANTS 
1. 
Issuer 
[KBC Bank/CBC Banque] 
2. 
END Warrants 
[Yes/No] 
 
12 This website is not incorporated by reference and does not form part of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 136 ---
136 
 
 
 
KBC Bank NV and CBC Banque SA – Warrants and Hedging Options Programme – Base Prospectus (2021) 
 
3. 
Series Number 
[•] 
4. 
Number of Warrants being issued 
[[•]/[The maximum number of Warrants being issued 
in this Series is [•]] 
5. 
Issue Date 
[•] 
6. 
Trade Date 
[/Not applicable] (specify a Trade Date if ETF 
Modification and/or ETF Strategy Breach is 
Applicable) 
7. 
Exercise Period 
From (and including) [•] until (and including) [•] 
8. 
Business Day Centre(s) 
[•] 
9. 
Currency of the Warrant (of the Warrant 
Value, Initial Warrant Value, Exercise 
Price and Actual Exercise Price) 
[•] 
10. 
Underlying 
[Underlying Share/Underlying ETF Share] 
11. 
Details of the Underlying to which the 
Warrants relate 
 
 
[Underlying Share: 
 
a. Identification code Underlying Share 
(if applicable) 
[ISIN/other identification code] 
b. Share Company  
[_____] 
c. Exchange 
[_____] 
d. Related Exchange  
[_____] 
e. Currency 
[_____] 
f. Scheduled Trading Day 
[_____] 
g. Source for determining Value of the 
Underlying Share 
[_____]]

--- Page 137 ---
137 
 
 
 
KBC Bank NV and CBC Banque SA – Warrants and Hedging Options Programme – Base Prospectus (2021) 
 
 
[Underlying ETF Share: 
[name and description of the Underlying ETF Share] 
a. Identification code of the Underlying 
ETF Share (if applicable) 
[ISIN/other identification code] 
b. ETF 
[_____] 
c. Exchange 
[_____] 
d. Related Exchange 
[_____] 
e. Currency 
[_____] 
f. Scheduled Trading Day 
[_____] 
12. 
Initial Warrant Value per Warrant 
[•] 
13. 
Issue Price per Warrant  
[•] (excluding Hedging Fee)  
14. 
Hedging Fee per Warrant 
Maximum 3 % of Issue Price  
 
15. 
Exercise Price per Warrant 
[•] [subject to adjustment in accordance with Warrant 
Condition 16] 
16. 
Entitlement per Warrant  
[fraction/number] of the Underlying 
17. 
Actual Exercise Price per Warrant  
[•] 
18. 
Method for delivery of the Entitlement 
[____] 
19. 
Details as to how the Entitlement will be 
evidenced 
[____] 
20. 
Details of the Warrant Agent (if not KBC 
Bank NV) 
[____] 
21. 
Details of the Calculation Agent (if not 
KBC Bank NV) 
[____]

--- Page 138 ---
138 
 
 
 
KBC Bank NV and CBC Banque SA – Warrants and Hedging Options Programme – Base Prospectus (2021) 
 
22. 
Whether Failure to Deliver applies (as 
defined in Condition (8)e) 
[Applicable/Non Applicable] 
23. 
Whether Tender Offer (for the purposes of 
Condition (20)b or Condition (21)b 
applies)  
[Applicable/Non Applicable] 
24. 
For the purpose of Condition (22) 
(Additional Disruption Events) 
 
(i) 
Details 
of 
any 
Additional 
Disruption Event 
 
Change in Law 
Hedging Disruption 
Increased Cost of Hedging 
Increased Cost of Stock Borrow 
Loss of Stock Borrow 
Insolvency Filing 
 
(the following may be specified 
only if "Underlying ETF Share" 
is specified as the Underlying) 
ETF Cross-contamination 
ETF Insolvency Event 
ETF Modification 
ETF Regulatory Action 
ETF Strategy Breach 
 
(specify each of the following which applies) 
(ii) 
If Loss of Stock Borrow is 
applicable, the Maximum Stock 
Loan rate in respect of each 
relevant Underlying; and  
[•] 
(iii) 
If Increased Cost of Stock Borrow 
is applicable, the Initial Stock 
Loan Rate in respect of each 
relevant Underlying  
[•] 
25. 
Valuation Date(s) 
[_____] 
26. 
Valuation Time 
[•] 
27. 
ISIN Code 
[•]

--- Page 139 ---
139 
 
 
 
KBC Bank NV and CBC Banque SA – Warrants and Hedging Options Programme – Base Prospectus (2021) 
 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
 
By: _____________________________  
By: 
 
Duly authorised 
Duly authorised 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
 ADMISSION TO TRADING: 
 
(i) 
Listing 
[Euronext Brussels/other (specify)/None] 
 
(ii) 
Admission to trading: 
[Application is expected to be made by the Issuer (or on its 
behalf) for the Warrant to be admitted to trading on [specify 
relevant regulated market] with effect from on or around [the 
Issue Date][●].] [Not Applicable.] 
2. 
 INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE: 
 
[Save for any fees payable to the Dealer(s)(if any) so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in 
the issue of the Warrants has an interest material to the offer. The Dealer(s) and their affiliates have 
engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions 
with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer and their affiliates in the ordinary course of 
business. - Amend as appropriate if there are other interests] 
 
[(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters 
described constitute “significant new factors” and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to 
the Base Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.)] 
3. 
 REASONS FOR THE OFFER, ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS AND TOTAL EXPENSES: 
 
(i) 
[Reasons for the offer: 
[●]] 
 
 
(See “Use of Proceeds” wording in Base Prospectus - if 
reasons for offer different from making profit and/or hedging 
certain risks will need to include those reasons here.) 
 
(ii) 
[Estimated net proceeds: 
[●]] 
(If proceeds are intended for more than one use will need to 
split out and present in order of priority. If proceeds 
insufficient to fund all proposed uses state amount and 
sources of other funding.) 
 
(iii) 
[Estimated total expenses: 
[●]]  
(Expenses such as hedging costs, commissions,… are 
required to be broken down into each principal intended 
“use” and presented in order of priority of such “uses”.)

--- Page 140 ---
140 
 
 
 
KBC Bank NV and CBC Banque SA – Warrants and Hedging Options Programme – Base Prospectus (2021) 
 
4. 
 DISTRIBUTION 
 
 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
 
(ii) 
(A) If Syndicated, give names 
and addresses of Dealers 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(B) Date of Subscription 
Agreement 
(A)Applicable/Not Applicable 
(Include names and addresses of entities agreeing to 
underwrite the issue on a firm commitment basis and names 
and addresses of the entities agreeing to place the issue 
without a firm commitment or on a “best efforts” basis if 
such entities are not the same as the dealers. Describe 
underwriting) 
 
(B)[] 
 
(iii) 
If non-syndicated, name and 
address of the relevant Dealer 
[] 
 
(iv) 
Details 
of 
any 
total 
commission and concession 
[] 
 
(v) 
Non-exempt Offer 
[Applicable/Non Applicable] 
(if not applicable, delete subparagraphs (vi) to and 
including iv) and also paragraph 4 (“TERMS AND 
CONDITIONS OF THE OFFER”) below) 
 
(vi) 
Non-exempt 
Offer 
Jurisdictions: 
[Specify relevant Member State(s) where the Issuer intends 
to make Non-exempt Offers, which must therefore be 
jurisdictions where the Base Prospectus and any 
supplements have been passported (in addition to the 
jurisdiction where approved and published)] 
 
(vii) 
Offer Period 
[Specify date] until [specify date] 
 
(viii) 
General Consent 
[Not Applicable][Applicable]  
 
(ix) 
Other 
Authorised 
Offeror 
Terms 
[Not Applicable][Add here any other Authorised Offeror 
Terms] 
(Authorised Offeror Terms should only be included here 
where General Consent is applicable.) 
 
(x) 
Details of any additional 
selling restriction  
[] 
5. 
 TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF 
THE OFFER 
 
 
(i) 
Offer Price 
Issue Price per Warrant  
 
(ii) 
Conditions to which the offer 
is subject 
[Not Applicable/give details]

--- Page 141 ---
141 
 
 
 
KBC Bank NV and CBC Banque SA – Warrants and Hedging Options Programme – Base Prospectus (2021) 
 
 
(iii) 
Description of the application 
process 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
(iv) 
Details of the minimum and/or 
maximum amount of the 
application 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
(v) 
Manner in and date on which 
results of the offer are to be 
made public 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
(vi) 
Amount of any expenses and 
taxes charged to the subscriber 
or purchaser 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
6. 
 PERFORMANCE OF THE UNDERLYING, EXPLANATION OF THE EFFECT ON VALUE 
OF 
INVESTMENT AND ASSOCIATED 
RISKS 
[AND 
OTHER 
INFORMATION 
CONCERNING THE UNDERLYING] 
 
[The details of past and future performance and volatility of the Underlying can be obtained on [insert 
relevant Bloomberg page]. 
 
[Need to include the name of [the/each] issuer of the relevant Underlying and the ISIN or other 
identification code] 
 
[Include other information concerning the underlying required by Annex 17 of the Prospectus 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980.] 
 
[(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters 
described constitute “significant new factors” and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to 
the Base Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.)]][Not Applicable]

--- Page 142 ---
142 
 
 
 
KBC Bank NV and CBC Banque SA – Warrants and Hedging Options Programme – Base Prospectus (2021) 
 
[ANNEX TO THE FINAL TERMS  
SUMMARY OF THE WARRANTS]

--- Page 143 ---
143 
 
 
 
KBC Bank NV and CBC Banque SA – Warrants and Hedging Options Programme – Base Prospectus (2021) 
 
2. Form of final terms for the Hedging Options 
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each Series of Hedging Options issued 
under the Programme. Text in this section appearing in italics does not form part of the Final Terms but 
denotes directions for completing the Final Terms. 
[Date] 
[Issuer] 
 
Issue of [Number of Hedging Options] 
[Title of Hedging Options] Hedging Options under the KBC Bank and CBC Banque Warrants and 
Hedging Options Programme 
PART A – TERMS 
[MiFID II product governance / retail investors, professional investors and ECPs target market – Solely 
for the purposes of the Issuer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Hedging Options has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Hedging Options is eligible 
counterparties, professional clients and retail clients, each meeting the Eligibility Criteria and as defined in 
Directive 2014/65/EU (“MiFID II”); (ii) all the channels for distribution to eligible counterparties and 
professional clients are appropriate; and (iii) all the channels for distribution to retail clients are appropriate 
subject to the appropriateness obligations under MiFID II.] 
[Prohibition of sales to consumers in Belgium – The Hedging Options are not intended to be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available, and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available, in Belgium to 
“consumers” (consommateurs/consumenten) within the meaning of the Belgian Code of Economic Law.] 
[PRIIPs Regulation – A key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014, as amended 
(the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Hedging Options or otherwise making them available 
to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and is available on [●].] 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Hedging Option Conditions 
set forth in the Base Prospectus dated [date] [and the supplement to the Base Prospectus dated [date]] which 
[together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation (the “Base 
Prospectus”). This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Hedging Options described herein for the 
purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus in order to 
obtain all relevant information. The Base Prospectus has been published on the Issuer’s website 
www.kbc.com/www.cbc.be13.  
In case of any inconsistency between the Base Prospectus and the Final Terms, the Final Terms shall prevail. 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE HEDGING OPTIONS 
1. 
Issuer 
[KBC Bank/CBC Banque] 
2. 
Series Number 
[•] 
 
13 This website is not incorporated by reference and does not form part of this Base Prospectus

--- Page 144 ---
144 
 
 
 
KBC Bank NV and CBC Banque SA – Warrants and Hedging Options Programme – Base Prospectus (2021) 
 
3. 
Number of Hedging Options being issued 
[[•]/[The maximum number of Hedging Options  
being issued in this Series is [•]] 
4. 
Issue Date 
[•] 
5. 
Exercise Period 
 
From (and including) [•] until (and including) [•] 
6. 
Business Day Centre(s) 
[•] 
7. 
Currency of the Hedging Options (of the 
Termination Value and Exercise Price) 
[•] 
8. 
Underlying 
[Index] 
9. 
Details of the Underlying to which the 
Hedging Options relate 
 
 
[Underlying Index: 
[name and description of the Underlying ETF Share] 
a. Identification code of the Underlying 
Index 
[ISIN/other identification code] 
b. Exchange 
[_____] 
c. Currency 
[_____] 
d. Scheduled Trading Day 
[_____] 
e. Source for determining Value of the 
Underlying Index 
[_____] 
10. 
Issue Price per Hedging Option  
[•] (excluding Hedging Fee) 
11. 
Hedging Fee per Hedging Option 
Maximum 5 % of Issue Price 
12. 
Exercise Price per Hedging Option 
[•]  
13. 
Entitlement per Hedging Option  
[•]  
14. 
Fraction of Exercise Price 
[[fraction of] Exercise Price]

--- Page 145 ---
145 
 
 
 
KBC Bank NV and CBC Banque SA – Warrants and Hedging Options Programme – Base Prospectus (2021) 
 
15. 
Details as to how the Entitlement will be 
evidenced 
[____] 
16. 
Details of the Hedging Option Agent (if not 
KBC Bank NV) 
[____] 
17. 
Details of the Calculation Agent (if not KBC 
Bank NV) 
[____] 
18. 
Valuation Date(s) 
[_____] 
19. 
Valuation Time 
[•] 
20. 
ISIN Code 
[•] 
 
 
 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
 
By: _____________________________  
By: 
 
Duly authorised 
Duly authorised 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE: 
 
[Save for any fees payable to the Dealer(s)(if any) so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in 
the issue of the Hedging Options has an interest material to the offer. The Dealer(s) and their affiliates 
have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or commercial banking 
transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer and their affiliates in the ordinary course 
of business. - Amend as appropriate if there are other interests] 
 
[(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters 
described constitute “significant new factors” and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to 
the Base Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.)] 
2. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER, ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS AND TOTAL EXPENSES: 
 
(i) [Reasons for the offer: 
[●]] 
 
 
(See “Use of Proceeds” wording in Base Prospectus 
- if reasons for offer different from making profit 
and/or hedging certain risks will need to include 
those reasons here.)

--- Page 146 ---
146 
 
 
 
KBC Bank NV and CBC Banque SA – Warrants and Hedging Options Programme – Base Prospectus (2021) 
 
 
(ii) 
[Estimated net proceeds: 
[●]] 
(If proceeds are intended for more than one use will 
need to split out and present in order of priority. If 
proceeds insufficient to fund all proposed uses state 
amount and sources of other funding.) 
 
(iii) 
[Estimated total expenses: 
[●]]  
(Expenses such as hedging costs, commissions,… 
are required to be broken down into each principal 
intended “use” and presented in order of priority of 
such “uses”.)  
3. 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
 
(i) Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
 
(ii) 
(A) If Syndicated, give names and 
addresses of Dealers 
 
 
 
 
 
(B) Date of Subscription Agreement 
(A)Applicable/Not Applicable 
(Include names and addresses of entities agreeing to 
underwrite the issue on a firm commitment basis and 
names and addresses of the entities agreeing to 
place the issue without a firm commitment or on a 
“best efforts” basis if such entities are not the same 
as the dealers. Describe underwriting) 
 
(B)[] 
 
(iii) 
If non-syndicated, name and address of 
the relevant Dealer 
[] 
 
(iv) 
Details of any total commission and 
concession 
[] 
 
(v) 
Non-exempt Offer 
[Applicable/Non Applicable] 
(if not applicable, delete subparagraphs (vi) to and 
including iv) and also paragraph 4 (“TERMS AND 
CONDITIONS OF THE OFFER”) below) 
 
(vi) 
Non-exempt Offer Jurisdictions: 
[Specify relevant Member State(s) where the Issuer 
intends to make Non-exempt Offers, which must 
therefore be jurisdictions where the Base Prospectus 
and any supplements have been passported (in 
addition to the jurisdiction where approved and 
published)] 
 
(vii) 
Offer Period 
[Specify date] until [specify date] 
 
(viii) 
General Consent 
[Not Applicable][Applicable]  
 
(ix) 
Other Authorised Offeror Terms 
[Not Applicable][Add here any other Authorised 
Offeror Terms]

--- Page 147 ---
147 
 
 
 
KBC Bank NV and CBC Banque SA – Warrants and Hedging Options Programme – Base Prospectus (2021) 
 
(Authorised Offeror Terms should only be included 
here where General Consent is applicable.) 
 
(x) 
Details 
of 
any 
additional 
selling 
restriction  
[] 
4. 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE 
OFFER 
 
 
(i) Offer Price 
Issue Price per Hedging Option  
 
(ii) 
Conditions to which the offer is subject 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
(iii) 
Description of the application process 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
(iv) 
Details 
of 
the 
minimum 
and/or 
maximum amount of the application 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
(v) 
Manner in and date on which results of 
the offer are to be made public 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
(vi) 
Amount of any expenses and taxes 
charged to the subscriber or purchaser 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
5. 
PERFORMANCE OF THE UNDERLYING, EXPLANATION OF THE EFFECT ON VALUE OF 
INVESTMENT AND ASSOCIATED RISKS [AND OTHER INFORMATION CONCERNING 
THE UNDERLYING] 
 
[The details of past and future performance and volatility of the Underlying can be obtained on [insert 
relevant Bloomberg page]. 
 
[Need to include the name of [the/each] issuer of the relevant Underlying and the ISIN or other 
identification code] 
 
[Include other information concerning the underlying required by Annex 17 of the Prospectus 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980.] 
 
[(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters 
described constitute “significant new factors” and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to 
the Base Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.)]][Not Applicable]

--- Page 148 ---
148 
 
 
 
KBC Bank NV and CBC Banque SA – Warrants and Hedging Options Programme – Base Prospectus (2021) 
 
[ANNEX TO THE FINAL TERMS  
SUMMARY OF THE HEDGING OPTIONS]

--- Page 149 ---
149 
 
 
 
KBC Bank NV and CBC Banque SA – Warrants and Hedging Options Programme – Base Prospectus (2021) 
 
IX. 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds from each issue of Warrants or Hedging Options will be used by the Issuer for profit making 
or risk hedging purposes. If, in respect of any particular issue, there is a particular identified use of proceeds, 
this will be stated in the Applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 150 ---
150 
 
 
 
KBC Bank NV and CBC Banque SA – Warrants and Hedging Options Programme – Base Prospectus (2021) 
 
X. 
TAXATION 
 
This section provides a general description of the main Belgian tax aspects of acquiring, holding and/or 
disposing of the Warrants or Hedging Options and upon the transfer of the Underlying (ETF) Shares 
by corporations and legal entities. In addition, this section also provides a general description of the 
Belgian tax aspects of exercising or disposing of the Warrants or the Underlying (ETF) Shares by 
Warrant Holders who are individuals. This summary provides general information only and is 
restricted to the matters of Belgian taxation stated herein. It is intended neither as tax advice nor as a 
comprehensive description of the Belgian tax treatment related to or resulting from any of the above-
mentioned transactions.  
 
This general description is based upon the law as in effect on the date of this Base Prospectus and is 
subject to any change in law that may take effect after such date. Potential investors should appreciate 
that, as a result of changing law or practice, the tax consequences may be otherwise than as stated below.  
 
Potential investors are recommended to consult their tax or other advisers and to make any assessment 
regarding the purchase of the Warrants or Hedging Options on the basis of their own particular 
situation. 
1. General 
 
For the purposes of the below summary, (i) a Belgian resident individual is an individual subject to Belgian 
personal income tax (i.e., an individual who has his domicile in Belgium or has his seat of wealth in Belgium, 
or a person assimilated to a Belgian resident), (ii) a Belgian resident corporation is a legal entity subject to 
Belgian corporate income tax (i.e., a company that has its main establishment or place of effective management 
in Belgium), and (iii) a Belgian resident legal entity is a legal entity subject to Belgian legal entities tax (i.e., 
an entity other than a legal entity subject to corporate income tax having its main establishment or place of 
effective management in Belgium). A non-resident is a person who is not a Belgian resident. 
2. Income tax regime applicable to Belgian resident corporations 
 
The purchase or Exercise of the Warrants or the Hedging Options by a Belgian resident corporation does in 
principle not give rise to any Belgian corporate income tax. 
  
Any capital gains realized by a Belgian resident corporation upon the transfer of the Warrants or the 
termination of Hedging Options will be taxable at the ordinary corporate income tax rate of, as a rule, 25% 
(with a reduced rate of 20% applying to the first tranche of EUR 100,000 of taxable income of qualifying small 
corporations). Any capital losses realized upon the transfer of the Warrants or termination of Hedging Options 
are, in principle, tax deductible. 
 
Any capital gains realized by a Belgian resident corporation upon the transfer of the Underlying Shares or 
Underlying ETF Shares are in principle taxable at the ordinary corporate income tax rate of 25%. Capital 
gains on shares may however be exempt from Belgian corporate income tax, provided that certain conditions 
are fulfilled. Capital losses realized by a Belgian resident corporation upon the transfer of the Underlying 
Shares or the Underlying ETF Shares, as the case may be, are not tax deductible. 
3. Income tax regime applicable to Belgian resident legal entities 
 
Any capital gains realized by Belgian resident legal entities on the Warrants, the Hedging Options or the 
Underlying (ETF) Shares are as a rule not subject to Belgian legal entities tax. Any capital losses realized on 
the Warrants, the Hedging Options or the Underlying (ETF) Shares are as a rule not tax deductible.

--- Page 151 ---
151 
 
 
 
KBC Bank NV and CBC Banque SA – Warrants and Hedging Options Programme – Base Prospectus (2021) 
 
4. Income tax regime applicable to non-resident corporations 
 
Capital gains realized on the Warrants, the Hedging Options or the Underlying Shares or Underlying ETF 
Shares by a non-resident corporation that has acquired the Warrants or the Hedging Options in connection with 
a business conducted in Belgium through a permanent establishment in Belgium are subject to non-resident 
corporate tax in Belgium at a rate of 25%. Capital losses suffered upon the transfer of the Underlying Shares 
or the Underlying ETF Shares, as the case may be, are not tax deductible.  
 
Capital gains realized on the Warrants, the Hedging Options or the Underlying Shares or Underlying ETF 
Shares by a non-resident corporation that has not acquired the Warrants or the Hedging Options in connection 
with a business conducted in Belgium through a permanent establishment in Belgium are not subject to Belgian 
income tax. 
5. Income tax regime applicable to Belgian resident individuals (Warrants) 
 
Any capital gains realized by a Belgian resident the relevant individual upon the transfer of the Warrants, the 
Exercise of the Warrants and/or upon the transfer of the Underlying Shares or the Underlying ETF Shares, as 
the case may be, are, in principle, not subject to Belgian personal income tax provided that (a) the Warrants or 
the Underlying (ETF) Shares are part of the relevant individual’s private assets and (b) the transaction 
concerned falls within the scope of normal management of one’s private assets. Any capital losses realized by 
the individual upon the transfer of the Warrants and/or the Exercise of the Warrants and upon the transfer of 
the Underlying Shares or the Underlying ETF Shares, as the case may be, are generally not tax deductible. 
Different rules apply to Belgian resident individuals holding the Warrants and/or the Underlying Shares or the 
Underlying ETF Shares, as the case may be, as a professional investment. 
6. Income tax regime applicable to non-residents individuals (Warrants) 
 
Capital gains realized on the Warrants or the Underlying (ETF) Shares by a non-resident individual are 
generally not subject to Belgian income tax provided that, (a) the Warrants or the Underlying (ETF) Shares 
are part of the relevant individual’s private assets and (b) the transaction concerned falls within the scope of 
the normal management of one’s private assets. Conversely, capital losses realized by non-residents upon the 
disposal of the Warrants are generally not tax deductible for Belgian tax purposes. 
7. Tax on stock exchange transactions and the annual tax on securities accounts 
A tax on stock exchange transactions (taks op de beursverrichtingen/taxe sur les opérations de bourse) will be 
levied on the purchase and sale of Warrants and the Underlying Shares or Underlying ETF Shares on the 
secondary market if entered into or settled in Belgium through a professional intermediary. The tax is due at a 
rate of 0.35 per cent. on each purchase and sale separately, with a maximum amount of EUR 1,600 per 
transaction and per party and collected by the professional intermediary. No tax will be due on the issuance of 
the Warrants or the Hedging Options (primary market), nor will any tax be due in case the Issuer repurchases 
the Warrants (secondary market) with the intention of cancelling them. The Issuer intends to instigate in the 
future a cancellation process for all the Warrants that are to be repurchased, so that in principle no tax should 
be due on any future repurchase of the Warrants. Holders of Warrants should enquire prior to offering Warrants 
for repurchase to the Issuer whether such Warrants will be repurchased with the intention of cancelling them.  
Transactions that are entered into or carried out by an intermediary that is not established in Belgium are 
considered to be entered into or carried out in Belgium if the order to execute the 
 transaction is directly or indirectly given by either a natural person that has its habitual residence in Belgium 
or by a legal entity on behalf of its registered office or establishment in Belgium. In such a scenario, foreign 
intermediaries have the possibility to appoint a Belgian tax representative that is responsible for collecting the 
stock exchange tax due and for paying it to the Belgian treasury on behalf of clients that fall within one of the

--- Page 152 ---
152 
 
 
 
KBC Bank NV and CBC Banque SA – Warrants and Hedging Options Programme – Base Prospectus (2021) 
 
aforementioned categories (provided that these clients do not qualify as exempt persons for stock exchange 
tax purposes – see below). If no such permanent representative is appointed, the relevant parties themselves 
are, as a general rule, responsible for the filing of a stock exchange tax return and for the timely payment of 
the amount of stock exchange tax due. 
No tax on stock exchange transactions will however be payable by exempt persons acting for their own account 
including investors who are not Belgian residents, provided they deliver an affidavit to the financial 
intermediary in Belgium confirming their non-resident status and certain Belgian institutional investors as 
defined in article 126.1 2° of the Code of miscellaneous duties and taxes (wetboek diverse rechten en 
taksen/code des droits et taxes divers). 
It should be noted that the European Commission has published a proposal for a Directive for a common 
financial transactions tax (the “FTT”). The proposal currently stipulates that once the FTT enters into force, 
the participating Member States shall not maintain or introduce taxes on financial transactions other than the 
FTT (or VAT as provided in the Council Directive 2006/112/EC of 28 November 2006 on the common system 
of value added tax). For Belgium, the tax on stock exchange transactions should thus be abolished once the 
FTT enters into force. The proposal is still subject to negotiation between the participating Member States and 
therefore may be changed at any time. 
In addition, and assuming that the Dematerialised Warrants will be held on a securities account, the value 
thereof will be subject to an annual subscription tax at a rate of 0.15%, if the average value of the taxable 
securities (all types of financial securities are in scope, including cash) held in the securities account during 
the reference period amounts to more than EUR 1 million. 
The subscription tax will apply to a securities account held by both resident and non-resident individuals or 
corporations. For Belgian resident investors, all securities accounts with taxable securities that meet the 
threshold are in scope, irrespective of where the financial intermediary is located, while securities accounts 
held by non-resident investors will only be subject to the annual subscription tax in case there is a certain nexus 
with Belgium, i.e. the tax will only apply to securities accounts held with financial intermediaries incorporated 
or established in Belgium or with a branch in Belgium. 
8. Exchange of information – Common Reporting Standard 
The exchange of information is governed by the Common Reporting Standard (“CRS”). 
On 29 September 2020, 109 jurisdictions have signed the multilateral competent authority agreement 
(“MCAA”), which is a multilateral framework agreement to automatically exchange financial and personal 
information, with the subsequent bilateral exchanges coming into effect between those signatories that file the 
subsequent notifications. 
Under CRS, financial institutions resident in a CRS country are required to report, according to a due diligence 
standard, financial information with respect to reportable accounts, which includes interest, dividends, account 
balance or value, income from certain insurance products, sales proceeds from financial assets and other 
income generated with respect to assets held in the account or payments made with respect to the account. 
Reportable accounts include accounts held by individuals and entities (which include trusts and foundations) 
with fiscal residence in another CRS country. The standard includes a requirement to look through passive 
entities to report on the relevant controlling persons. 
On 9 December 2014, EU Member States adopted Directive 2014/107/EU on administrative cooperation in 
direct taxation (the “DAC2”), which provides for mandatory automatic exchange of financial information as 
foreseen in CRS. DAC2 amends the previous Directive on administrative cooperation in direct taxation, 
Directive 2011/16/EU and replaces the EC Council Directive 2003/48EC on the taxation of savings income 
(commonly referred to as the “Savings Directive”).  
On 27 May 2015, Switzerland signed an agreement with the European Union in order to implement, as from 
1 January 2017, an automatic exchange of financial information based on the CRS. This new agreement

--- Page 153 ---
153 
 
 
 
KBC Bank NV and CBC Banque SA – Warrants and Hedging Options Programme – Base Prospectus (2021) 
 
replaces the agreement on the taxation of savings that entered into force in 2005. As of 1 January 2017, 
financial institutions in the EU and Switzerland apply the due diligence procedures envisaged under the new 
agreement to identify customers who are reportable persons, i.e., for Switzerland residents of any EU Member 
State. This data was exchanged for the first time in autumn 2018. 
The first mandatory automatic exchange of financial information by EU Member States as foreseen in DAC2 
had to take place at the latest as of 30 September 2016, except with regard to Austria. However, Austria has 
been allowed to exchange information under DAC2 as from 1 January 2017. 
The Belgian government has implemented said Directive 2014/107/EU, respectively the Common Reporting 
Standard, per the law of 16 December 2015 regarding the exchange of information on financial accounts by 
Belgian financial institutions and by the Belgian tax administration, in the context of an automatic exchange 
of information on an international level and for tax purposes (the “Law of 16 December 2015”). 
As a result of the Law of 16 December 2015, the mandatory automatic exchange of information applies in 
Belgium (i) as of income year 2016 (first information exchange in 2017) towards the EU Member States , (ii) 
since 1 July 2014 (first information exchange in 2016) towards the US and (iii) with respect to any other 
jurisdictions that have signed the MCAA, as of income year 2016 (first information exchange in 2017) for a 
first list of 18 countries, as of income year 2017 (first information exchange in 2018) for a second list of 44 
countries, and as of income year 2018 (first information exchange in 2019) for a third list of 1 country. 
Investors who are in any doubt as to their position should consult their professional advisers.

--- Page 154 ---
154 
 
 
 
KBC Bank NV and CBC Banque SA – Warrants and Hedging Options Programme – Base Prospectus (2021) 
 
XI. 
SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
 
Each Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree that it will (to the best of its knowledge 
and belief) comply with all applicable laws and legal regulations in force in any jurisdiction in which it 
purchases, offers, sells or delivers Warrants or Hedging Options, or possesses or distributes this Base 
Prospectus and will obtain any consent, approval or permission required by it for the purchase, offer, sale or 
delivery by it of Warrants or Hedging Options under the laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction to 
which it is subject or in which it makes such purchases, offers, sales or deliveries. None of the Issuers or any 
other Dealer shall have any responsibility therefor.  
No representation is made that any action has been taken in any jurisdiction that would permit an offer to the 
public of any of the Warrants or Hedging Options, or possession or distribution of the Base Prospectus or any 
other offering material or any Final Terms, in any country or jurisdiction where action for that purpose is 
required. 
None of the Issuers nor any Dealer represents that Warrants or Hedging Options may at any time lawfully be 
sold in compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to 
any exemption available thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating such sale. 
With regard to each Series, the relevant Dealer(s) will be required to comply with such other restrictions as 
the Issuer and the relevant Dealer shall agree and as shall be set out in the Applicable Final Terms.  
In particular (but without limiting the generality of the above), subject to any amendment or supplement which 
may be agreed with the Issuer in respect of the issue of any Series, each Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to agree, to comply with the following provisions except to the extent that, as a result of any 
change in, or the official interpretation of, any applicable laws and/or regulations, non-compliance would not 
result in any breach of the applicable laws and/or regulations. 
 
In order to be eligible to purchase the Hedging Options the following criteria must be met: (i) the purchaser 
shall be a legal person (such as a company) and not an individual or a consumer, (ii) it has set up a BestOf 
Share Option Plan and (iii) it has reached agreement with the relevant Issuer and acknowledged and agreed, 
by way of either a written agreement or letter or by electronic means such as the Issuer’s Business Dashboard, 
to be bound by the Hedging Options Conditions and the Applicable Final Terms. 
The Hedging Options are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available, and should not be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available, in Belgium to “consumers” (consommateurs/consumenten) within 
the meaning of the Belgian Code of Economic Law. 
1. Selling restriction in the EEA 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Warrants or Hedging Options specify “Non-exempt Offer” as “Not 
Applicable”, in relation to each Member State of the EEA, an offer to the public of Warrants or Hedging 
Options which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final 
Terms in relation thereto, cannot be made in that Member State except that an offer of such Warrants or 
Hedging Options to the public in that Member State may be made under the following exemptions under the 
Prospectus Regulation: 
(i) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; 
(ii) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation) subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer(s) nominated by 
the Issuer for any such offer; or  
(iii) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation,

--- Page 155 ---
155 
 
 
 
KBC Bank NV and CBC Banque SA – Warrants and Hedging Options Programme – Base Prospectus (2021) 
 
provided that no such offer of Warrants or Hedging Options shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a 
prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 
23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
If the Final Terms in respect  of any Warrants or Hedging Options specify “Non-exempt Offer” as “Applicable”, 
in relation to each Member State of the EEA, an offer of Warrants or Hedging Options which are the subject 
of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to the 
public in that Member State cannot be made in that Member State except that an offer of such Warrants or 
Hedging Options to the public in that Member State may be made: 
(i) 
if the final terms in relation to the Warrants or the Hedging Options specify that an offer of those 
Warrants may be made other than pursuant to Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation in that Member 
State (a “Non-exempt Offer”), following the date of publication of a prospectus in relation to such 
Warrants or Hedging Options which has been approved by the competent authority in that Member 
State or, where appropriate,  approved in another Member State and notified to the competent authority 
in that Member State,  provided that any such prospectus has subsequently been completed by the 
Final Terms contemplating such Non-exempt Offer, in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation, in 
the period beginning and ending on the dates specified in such prospectus or the Final Terms, as 
applicable, and the Issuer has consented in writing to its use for the purpose of that Non-exempt Offer; 
(ii) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation;  
(iii) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation) subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer(s) nominated by 
the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(iv) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation,  
provided that no such offer of Warrants or Hedging Options referred to in (ii) to (iv) above shall require the 
Issuer or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement 
a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression “an offer of Warrants to the public” or “an offer of Hedging 
Options to the public” in relation to any Warrants respectively Hedging Options in any Member State means 
the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the 
Warrants or the Hedging Options to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe 
for the Warrants respectively the Hedging Options.  
2. Belgium 
No Warrants can be offered to investors in Belgium unless the relevant Underlying ETF Share or underlying 
Share (as applicable) is registered in Belgium with the Belgian FSMA in accordance with Articles 33 or 149 of 
the Belgian law of 3 August 2012 on the collective investment undertakings satisfying the conditions set out 
in Directive 2009/65/EC and undertakings for investment in receivables, as amended or replaced from time to 
time (the “UCITS Law”) or Articles 200 or 260 of the Belgian law of 19 April 2014 on alternative collective 
investment undertakings and their managers, as amended or replaced from time to time (the “AIFM Law”), 
as applicable, and the shares of such fund can be offered to investors in Belgium in compliance with the UCITS 
Law or the AIFM law, as applicable. 
3. United Kingdom 
Each Issuer and each Dealer has represented and agreed that: 
(i) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of

--- Page 156 ---
156 
 
 
 
KBC Bank NV and CBC Banque SA – Warrants and Hedging Options Programme – Base Prospectus (2021) 
 
Section 21 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the “Financial Services and Markets 
Act”)) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Warrants or Hedging Options in 
circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the Financial Services and Markets Act does not apply to the 
Issuer; and  
(ii) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the Financial Services and Markets 
Act with respect to anything done by it in relation to the Warrants or the Hedging Options  in, from or 
otherwise involving the United Kingdom. 
4. United States 
In particular, and without prejudice to the foregoing, the Warrants and Hedging Options have not been, and will 
not be, registered under the Securities Act and may not be offered, sold within the United States of America 
to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. Persons (as such term is defined in the Conditions). Terms used in this 
paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act.

--- Page 157 ---
157 
 
 
 
KBC Bank NV and CBC Banque SA – Warrants and Hedging Options Programme – Base Prospectus (2021) 
 
XII. 
CONSENT TO USE THIS BASE PROSPECTUS 
1. Restrictions on Non-exempt Offers of Warrants and Hedging Options in relevant Member States 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared on a basis that permits Non-exempt Offers in Belgium and any other 
Member State where this Base Prospectus has been notified in accordance with Article 25 of the Prospectus 
Regulation. Any person making or intending to make a Non-exempt Offer of Warrants or Hedging Options on 
the basis of this Base Prospectus must do so only with the Issuer’s consent to the use of this Base Prospectus 
as provided under the section entitled “Consent given in accordance with Article 5(1) of the Prospectus 
Regulation” below and provided such person complies with the conditions attached to that consent. 
2. Consent given in accordance with Article 5(1) of the Prospectus Regulation 
In the context of a Non-exempt Offer of Warrants, the Issuers accept responsibility, in each of the Non-exempt 
Offer Jurisdictions, for the content of this Base Prospectus in relation to any person (an “Investor”) who 
purchases any Warrants or Hedging Options in a Non-exempt Offer made by a Dealer or an Authorised Offeror 
(as defined below), where that offer is made during the Offer Period specified in the applicable Final Terms 
and provided that the conditions attached to the giving of consent for the use of this Base Prospectus are 
complied with. The consent and conditions attached to it are set out under the sections entitled “Consent” and 
“Common Conditions to Consent” below. 
Except in the circumstances described below, the Issuers have not authorised the making of any Non-
exempt Offer by any offeror and the Issuers have not consented to the use of this Base Prospectus by 
any other person in connection with any Non-exempt Offer of Warrants or Hedging Options. Any Non-
exempt Offer made without the consent of the Issuers is unauthorised and neither the Issuers nor, for 
the avoidance of doubt, any Dealer accepts any responsibility or liability in relation to such offer or for 
the actions of the persons making any such unauthorised offer.  
If, in the context of a Non-exempt Offer, an Investor is offered Warrants or Hedging Options by a person which 
is not an Authorised Offeror, the Investor should check with that person whether anyone is responsible for this 
Base Prospectus for the purposes of the relevant Non-exempt Offer and, if so, who that person is. If an Investor 
is in any doubt about whether it can rely on this Base Prospectus and/or who is responsible for its contents it 
should take legal advice. 
3. Consent 
The Issuers consent and (in connection with paragraph (d) below) offers to grant their consent, to the use of 
this Base Prospectus (as supplemented at the relevant time, if applicable) in connection with any Non-exempt 
Offer of a Serie of Warrants or Hedging Options in the Non-exempt Offer Jurisdictions specified in the relevant 
Final Terms during the Offer Period specified in the relevant Final Terms by: 
(a) the Dealer(s) specified in the Applicable Final Terms; 
(b) any financial intermediaries specified in the Applicable Final Terms; 
(c) any other financial intermediary appointed after the date of the relevant Final Terms and whose name 
is published on the website of the Issuer (see Section “WHERE MORE INFORMATION CAN BE 
FOUND” on page 165) and identified as an Authorised Offeror in respect of the relevant Non-exempt 
Offer; and 
(d) if “General Consent” is specified in the Applicable Final Terms as applicable, any other financial 
intermediary which (a) is authorised to make such offers under MiFID II, including under any 
applicable implementing measure in each relevant jurisdiction; and (b) accepts such offer by

--- Page 158 ---
158 
 
 
 
KBC Bank NV and CBC Banque SA – Warrants and Hedging Options Programme – Base Prospectus (2021) 
 
publishing on its website the following statement (with the information in square brackets duly 
completed with the relevant information) (the “Acceptance Statement”): 
− 
Regarding the Warrants: “We, [specify name of financial intermediary], refer to the offer of 
[specify title of Warrants] (the “Warrants”) described in the Final Terms dated [specify date] 
(the “Final Terms”) published by [specify issuer] (the “Issuer”). In consideration of the Issuer 
offering to grant its consent to our use of the Base Prospectus (as defined in the Final Terms) 
in connection with the offer of the Warrants in [specify Member State(s)] during the Offer 
Period in accordance with the Authorised Offeror Terms (as specified in the Base Prospectus), 
we accept the offer by the Issuer. We confirm that we are authorised under MiFID II (as defined 
in the Base Prospectus), including under any applicable implementing measure in each 
relevant jurisdiction, to make, and are using the Base Prospectus in connection with, the Non-
exempt Offer accordingly. Terms used herein and otherwise not defined shall have the same 
meaning as given to such terms in the Base Prospectus.” 
− 
Regarding the Hedging Options: We, [specify name of financial intermediary], refer to the offer 
of [specify title of Hedging Options] (the “Hedging Options”) described in the Final Terms 
dated [specify date] (the “Final Terms”) published by [specify issuer] (the “Issuer”). In 
consideration of the Issuer offering to grant its consent to our use of the Base Prospectus (as 
defined in the Final Terms) in connection with the offer of the Hedging Options in [specify 
Member State(s)] during the Offer Period in accordance with the Authorised Offeror Terms 
(as specified in the Base Prospectus), we accept the offer by the Issuer. We confirm that we 
are authorised under MiFID II (as defined in the Base Prospectus), including under any 
applicable implementing measure in each relevant jurisdiction, to make, and are using the 
Base Prospectus in connection with, the Non-exempt Offer accordingly. Terms used herein 
and otherwise not defined shall have the same meaning as given to such terms in the Base 
Prospectus.”.” 
The “Authorised Offeror Terms” are that the relevant financial intermediary: 
(i) 
acts in accordance with all applicable laws, rules, regulations and guidance of any 
applicable regulatory bodies (the “Rules”) from time to time including, without 
limitation and in each case, Rules relating to both the appropriateness or suitability of 
any investment in the Warrants or the Hedging Options by an Investor and disclosure to 
any potential Investor; 
(ii) 
complies with the restrictions set out under Section “SELLING RESTRICTIONS” in 
this Base Prospectus which would apply as if it were a relevant Dealer; 
(iii) 
considers the relevant manufacturer’s target market assessment and distribution 
channels identified under the “MiFID II product governance” legend set out in the 
Final Terms; 
(iv) 
ensures that any fee, commission, benefits of any kind, rebate received or paid by that 
financial intermediary in relation to the offer or sale of the Warrants or the Hedging 
Options does not violate the Rules and is fully and clearly disclosed to Investors or 
potential Investors; 
(v) 
holds all licenses, consents, approvals and permissions required in connection with 
solicitation of interest in, or offers or sales of, the Warrants or the Hedging Options  
under the Rules;

--- Page 159 ---
159 
 
 
 
KBC Bank NV and CBC Banque SA – Warrants and Hedging Options Programme – Base Prospectus (2021) 
 
(vi) 
complies with, and takes appropriate steps in relation to, applicable anti-money 
laundering, anti-bribery, prevention of corruption and “know your client” Rules, and 
does not permit any application for Warrants or the Hedging Options in circumstances 
where the financial intermediary has any suspicions as to the source of the application 
monies; 
(vii) 
retains investor identification records for at least the minimum period required under 
applicable Rules, and shall, if so requested and to the extent permitted by the Rules, 
make such records available to the relevant Dealer and the Issuer or directly to the 
appropriate authorities with jurisdiction over the Issuer and/or the relevant Dealer in 
order to enable the Issuer and/or the relevant Dealer to comply with anti-money 
laundering, anti-bribery, anti-corruption and “know your client” Rules applying to the 
Issuer and/or the relevant Dealer; 
(viii) 
does not, directly or indirectly, cause the Issuer or the relevant Dealer to breach any 
Rule or subject the Issuer or the relevant Dealer to any requirement to obtain or make 
any filing, authorisation or consent in any jurisdiction; 
(ix) 
immediately gives notice to the Issuer and the relevant Dealer if at any time it becomes 
aware or suspects that it is or may be in violation of any Rules or the terms of this sub-
paragraph, and takes all appropriate steps to remedy such violation and comply with 
such Rules and this sub-paragraph in all respects; 
(x) 
does not give any information other than that contained in this Base Prospectus (as 
may be amended or supplemented by the Issuer from time to time) or make any 
representation in connection with the offering or sale of, or the solicitation of interest 
in, the Warrants or the Hedging Options; 
(xi) 
agrees that any communication in which it attaches or otherwise includes any 
announcement published by the Issuer at the end of the Offer Period will be consistent 
with the Base Prospectus, and (in any case) must be fair, clear and not misleading and 
in compliance with the Rules and must state that such Authorised Offeror has provided 
it independently from the Issuer and must expressly confirm that the Issuer has not 
accepted any responsibility for the content of any such communication; 
(xii) 
does not use the legal or publicity names of the relevant Dealer, the Issuer or any other 
name, brand or logo registered by any entity within their respective groups or any 
material over which any such entity retains a proprietary interest or in any statements 
(oral or written), marketing material or documentation in relation to the Warrants or 
the Hedging Options; 
(xiii) 
agrees to any other conditions set out in paragraph 8(vi) of Part B of the Applicable 
Final Terms; 
(xiv) 
agrees and accepts that the Dealers will be entitled to enforce those provisions of the 
contract between the Issuer and the financial intermediary, formed upon acceptance 
by the financial intermediary of the Issuer’s offer to use of the Base Prospectus with 
its consent in connection with the relevant Non-exempt Offer, which are, or are 
expressed to be, for their benefit, including the agreements, representations, 
warranties, undertakings and indemnity given by the financial intermediary pursuant 
to the Authorised Offeror Terms;

--- Page 160 ---
160 
 
 
 
KBC Bank NV and CBC Banque SA – Warrants and Hedging Options Programme – Base Prospectus (2021) 
 
(xv) 
agrees and undertakes to indemnify each of the Issuer and the relevant Dealers (in 
each case on behalf of such entity and its respective directors, officers, employees, 
agents, affiliates and controlling persons) against any losses, liabilities, costs, claims, 
charges, expenses, actions or demands (including reasonable costs of investigation and 
any defence raised thereto and counsel's fees and disbursements associated with any 
such investigation or defence) which any of them may incur or which may be made 
against any of them arising out of or in relation to, or in connection with, any breach 
of any of the foregoing agreements, representations, warranties or undertakings by 
such financial intermediary, including (without limitation) any unauthorised action by 
such financial intermediary or failure by such financial intermediary to observe any 
of the above restrictions or requirements or the making by such financial intermediary 
of any unauthorised representation or the giving or use by it of any information which 
has not been authorised for such purposes by the Issuer or the relevant Dealers; and 
(xvi) 
agrees and accepts that: 
(I) 
the contract between the Issuer and the financial intermediary formed upon 
acceptance by the financial intermediary of the Issuer's offer to use the Base 
Prospectus with its consent in connection with the relevant Non-exempt Offer 
(the “Authorised Offeror Contract”), and any non-contractual obligations 
arising out of or in connection with the Authorised Offeror Contract, shall be 
governed by, and construed in accordance with, Belgian law, 
(II) 
the courts of Brussels, Belgium are to have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any 
disputes which may arise out of or in connection with the Authorised Offeror 
Contract (including a dispute relating to any non-contractual obligations 
arising out of or in connection with the Authorised Offeror Contract) 
(“Disputes”), 
(III) 
it waives any objection to the courts of Brussels, Belgium on the grounds that 
they are an inconvenient or inappropriate forum to settle any Dispute, 
(IV) 
this paragraph (xvi) is for the benefit of the Issuer and each relevant Dealer. 
To the extent allowed by law, the Issuer and each relevant Dealer may, in 
respect of any Dispute or Disputes, take proceedings in any other court with 
jurisdiction and concurrent proceedings in any number of jurisdictions. 
The financial intermediaries referred to in paragraphs (b), (c) and (d) above are together referred to herein as 
the “Authorised Offerors”. 
Any Authorised Offeror falling within paragraph (d) above who wishes to use this Base Prospectus in 
connection with a Non-exempt Offer as set out above is required, for the duration of the relevant Offer 
Period, to publish on its website the Acceptance Statement. 
The consent referred to above relates to Offer Periods occurring within 12 months from the date of this Base 
Prospectus. 
4. Arrangements between an Investor and the Authorised Offeror who will distribute the Warrants or 
the Hedging Options 
Neither the Issuers nor, for the avoidance of doubt, any of the Dealers have any responsibility for any of the 
actions of any Authorised Offeror, including compliance by an Authorised Offeror with applicable conduct of

--- Page 161 ---
161 
 
 
 
KBC Bank NV and CBC Banque SA – Warrants and Hedging Options Programme – Base Prospectus (2021) 
 
business rules or other local regulatory requirements or other securities law requirements in relation to such 
offer.  
An Investor intending to acquire or acquiring any Warrants or Hedging Options from an Authorised Offeror 
will do so, and offers and sales of the Warrants or Hedging Options to such Investor by an Authorised Offeror 
will be made, in accordance with any terms and other arrangements in place between that Authorised Offeror 
and such Investor including as to price, allocations and settlement arrangements (the “Terms and Conditions 
of the Non-exempt Offer”). The Issuer will not be a party to any such arrangements with such Investor and, 
accordingly, this Base Prospectus does not, and any Final Terms, will not, contain such information. The Terms 
and Conditions of the Non-exempt Offer shall be provided to such Investor by that Authorised Offeror at the 
time the offer is made. None of the Issuers or, for the avoidance of doubt, any of the Dealers or other Authorised 
Offerors have any responsibility or liability for such information.

--- Page 162 ---
162 
 
 
 
KBC Bank NV and CBC Banque SA – Warrants and Hedging Options Programme – Base Prospectus (2021) 
 
XIII. 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
 
The following documents are incorporated by reference and form part of this Base Prospectus: 
 
KBC Bank’s Annual Report for the financial year ended 31 December 2019 (FY 2019)14 and KBC 
Bank’s Annual Report for the financial year ended 31 December 2020 (FY 2020)15, which includes the 
following information (without limitation): 
 
FY 2019 
FY 2020 
Report of the Board of Directors 
 
 
Group profile 
p. 6 – 34  
p. 6 – 33 
Review of the consolidated financial statements 
p. 35 – 38 
p. 34 – 38 
Review of the business units 
p. 39 – 45 
p. 39 – 45 
Risk management 
p. 46 – 78 
p. 46 – 80 
Capital adequacy 
p. 79 – 82 
p. 81 – 84 
Corporate governance statement 
p. 83 – 91 
p. 85 – 92 
Consolidated financial statements (IFRS) 
 
 
Consolidated income statement 
p. 93 
p. 94 
Consolidated statement of comprehensive income 
p. 94 – 95 
p. 95 – 96 
Consolidated balance sheet 
p. 96 
p. 97 
Consolidated statement of changes in equity 
p. 97 – 98 
p. 98 – 99 
Consolidated cashflow statement 
p. 99 – 101 
p. 100 – 102 
Notes on the accounting policies, segment reporting, income 
statement, financial assets and liabilities on the balance sheet, other 
balance sheet items, and other notes 
 
p. 102 – 174 
p. 103 – 177 
Statutory auditor’s report on the consolidated accounts 
p. 175 – 182 
p. 178 – 184 
Non-consolidated statutory annual accounts (Belgian GAAP) 
 
 
Balance sheet after appropriation 
p. 187 – 189 
p. 189 – 191 
Income statement 
p. 190 – 191  
p. 192 – 193 
Appropriation account 
p. 192 
p. 194 
Notes 
p. 193 – 269 
p. 195 – 270 
Social balance sheet 
p. 270 – 273  
p. 271 – 274 
Statutory auditor’s report on the non-consolidated statutory 
annual accounts 
p. 275 – 281 
p. 275 – 280 
Ratios used 
p. 283 – 286 
p. 283 – 285 
 
 
 
 
 
14 Available at: https://www.kbc.com/content/dam/kbccom/doc/investor-relations/Results/JVS-2019/JVS_2019_BNK_en.pdf 
15 Available at: https://www.kbc.com/content/dam/kbccom/doc/investor-relations/Results/jvs-2020/jvs-2020-bnk-en.pdf

--- Page 163 ---
163 
 
 
 
KBC Bank NV and CBC Banque SA – Warrants and Hedging Options Programme – Base Prospectus (2021) 
 
CBC Banque’s Annual Report for the financial year ended 31 December 2019 (FY 2019)16 and CBC 
Banque’s Annual Report for the financial year ended 31 December 2020 (FY 2020)17, which includes 
the following information (without limitation): 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
         FY 2019                  FY 2020 
CBC, en bref (CBC in brief) 
CBC, côté clients 
CBC, côté valeurs 
CBC, côté collaborateurs 
         p. 6 – 11 
         p. 12 – 17     
         p. 18 – 28 
         p. 29 – 32 
     p. 7 – 12 
          p. 13 – 18 
          p. 19 – 27  
          p. 28 - 31 
Rapport de Gestion (Management Report) 
     p. 33 – 41  
       p. 32 – 44 
La gestion des risques et les structures de contrôle (Risk 
management and control structure) 
     p. 42 – 55 
       p. 45 – 59 
Renseignements concernant l’administration, la direction et la 
surveillance 
de 
CBC 
Banque 
(Information 
concerning 
administration, management and supervision) 
     p. 56 – 67  
       p. 60 – 71 
Données complémentaires (Additional data) 
     p. 68 – 70 
      p. 72 – 74 
Comptes annuels (Annual Accounts) 
Bilan social (Social Report) 
Résumé des règles d’évaluation (Summary of the valuation rules) 
Rapports du Commissaire Agréé (Independent Auditor’s Report) 
Annexes (Appendices) 
       p. 71 – 114 
        p. 115 – 120 
   p. 121 – 124 
p. 125 – 132 
p. 133 – 137  
       p. 75 – 118 
p. 119 – 124 
p. 125 – 128 
p. 129 – 136 
p. 137 – 142  
 
Page references of KBC Bank’s Annual Reports are to the English language PDF version of the relevant 
documents incorporated by reference. Page references of CBC Banque’s Annual Reports are to the French 
language PDF version of the relevant document incorporated by reference. 
 
 
 
 
16 Available at: https://multimediafiles.kbcgroup.eu/ng/published/CBC/PDF/cbc-rapport-annuel-AA-fr-2019.pdf 
17 Available at: https://multimediafiles.kbcgroup.eu/ng/published/CBC/PDF/cbc-rapport-annuel-AA-fr-2020.pdf

--- Page 164 ---
164 
 
 
 
KBC Bank NV and CBC Banque SA – Warrants and Hedging Options Programme – Base Prospectus (2021) 
 
XIV. 
SUPPLEMENTS TO THIS BASE PROSPECTUS 
1. Obligation to publish a supplement 
Every significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy relating to the information included in 
this Base Prospectus which may affect the assessment of the Warrants or the Hedging Options (as applicable) 
and which arises or is noted between the time when this Base Prospectus is approved and the closing of the 
offer period or the time when trading on a regulated market begins, whichever occurs later, shall be mentioned 
in a supplement to this Base Prospectus without undue delay, in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus 
Regulation.  
The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus shall no longer apply after the expiry of the validity period 
of this Base Prospectus as specified on the front cover of this Base Prospectus. 
2. Investors’ right of withdrawal 
In case of an offer of Warrants or the Hedging Options (as applicable) to the public, investors who have already 
agreed to purchase or subscribe for the Warrants or the Hedging Options before the supplement is published 
shall have the right, exercisable within two working days after the publication of the supplement, to withdraw 
their acceptances, provided that the significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy referred 
above arose or was noted before the closing of the offer period or the delivery of the Warrants or the Hedging 
Options, whichever occurs first. That period may be extended by the Issuer.  
Where the Issuer prepares a supplement concerning information in the Base Prospectus that relates to only one 
or several individual issues of Warrants or the Hedging Options, the right of investors to withdraw their 
acceptances shall only apply to the relevant issue(s) and not to any other issue of Warrants or the Hedging 
Options under the Base Prospectus.  
The supplement shall specify to which issue(s) of Warrants or the Hedging Options the right to withdraw applies 
(if any) and the final date on which investors can exercise their right of withdrawal. 
3. Where the supplement will be published 
Following approval by the FSMA, the supplement shall be published in accordance with at least the same 
arrangements as were applied when this Base Prospectus was published. See Section “WHERE MORE 
INFORMATION CAN BE FOUND” on page 165 below for information on where copies of any supplements 
can be obtained.

--- Page 165 ---
165 
 
 
 
KBC Bank NV and CBC Banque SA – Warrants and Hedging Options Programme – Base Prospectus (2021) 
 
XV. 
WHERE MORE INFORMATION CAN BE FOUND 
1. The websites of the Issuers 
The following documents and information can be obtained from the website of KBC Bank www.kbc.com for 
a period of ten years after their publication on that website: 
1. This Base Prospectus. 
2. All documents containing information incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus as set out in 
Section “DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE” on page 162 above.  
3. Any supplements to this Base Prospectus published from time to time by KBC Bank after approval by the 
FSMA, as set out in Section “SUPPLEMENTS TO THIS BASE PROSPECTUS” on page 164 above 
(including any documents containing information that may be incorporated by reference into those 
supplements). 
4. The Final Terms for each Series of Warrants or Hedging Options that is offered to the public in the EEA 
and/or admitted to trading on a regulated market in the EEA. These documents are not incorporated by 
reference and have not been scrutinised or approved by the FSMA.  
5. A separate copy of the issue-specific summary for each Series of Warrants or Hedging Options that is 
offered to the public in the EEA. This document is not incorporated by reference and has not been 
scrutinised or approved by the FSMA.  
6. The up to date articles of association of KBC Bank. This document is not incorporated by reference and 
has not been scrutinised or approved by the FSMA. 
The following documents and information can be obtained from the website of CBC Banque www.cbc.be for 
a period of ten years after their publication on that website: 
1. This Base Prospectus. 
2. All documents containing information incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus as set out in 
Section “DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE” on page 150 above. 
3. Any supplements to this Base Prospectus published from time to time by CBC Banque after approval by 
the FSMA, as set out in Section “SUPPLEMENTS TO THIS BASE PROSPECTUS” on page 164 above 
(including any documents containing information that may be incorporated by reference into those 
supplements). 
4. The Final Terms for each Series of Warrants or Hedging Options that is offered to the public in the EEA 
and/or admitted to trading on a regulated market in the EEA. These documents are not incorporated by 
reference and have not been scrutinised or approved by the FSMA. 
5. A separate copy of the issue-specific summary for each Series of Warrants or Hedging Options that is 
offered to the public in the EEA. This document is not incorporated by reference and has not been 
scrutinised or approved by the FSMA. 
The up to date articles of association of CBC Banque can be found on the following website: 
https://statuten.notaris.be/costa_v1/enterprises/0403211380. This document is not incorporated by reference 
and has not been scrutinised or approved by the FSMA.

--- Page 166 ---
166 
 
 
 
KBC Bank NV and CBC Banque SA – Warrants and Hedging Options Programme – Base Prospectus (2021) 
 
2. The website of Euronext Brussels 
The information referred to in paragraphs 1 to 5 above (as applicable) will also be published on the website of 
Euronext Brussels (www.euronext.com) in relation to Warrants that are admitted to trading on the regulated 
market of Euronext Brussels. The information contained on the website of Euronext Brussels 
(www.euronext.com) does not form part of this Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by 
the FSMA. 
3. Copies of the Base Prospectus on a durable medium on request 
Any potential investor in Warrants or Hedging Options offered to the public in the EEA and/or admitted to 
trading on a regulated market in the EEA, can request a copy of the Base Prospectus on a durable medium 
(including an electronic copy by e-mail or a copy printed on paper) to be delivered free of charge to that 
potential investor. Delivery shall be limited to jurisdictions in which the offer of the Warrants or the Hedging 
Options to the public is made or where admission to trading on a regulated market is taking place. Such requests 
can be made by e-mail to IR4U@kbc.be in case of KBC Bank Warrants and Hedging Options, and by e-mail to 
info@cbc.be in case of CBC Banque Warrants and Hedging Options.  
4. Post-issuance information 
Subject to any periodic or ad hoc reporting obligations under applicable laws or under the “Moratorium op de 
commercialisering 
van 
bijzonder 
ingewikkelde 
gestructureerde 
producten”/”Moratoire 
sur 
la 
commercialisation de produits structurés particulièrement complexes” (as published by the FSMA on 20 June 
2011), if applicable, the Issuers do not intend to provide any post-issuance information in relation to any issues 
of Warrants or Hedging Options. 
5. Warrant Agreement 
The Warrant Agreements will, so long as any Warrants are outstanding, be available for inspection during 
usual business hours on any weekday (Saturdays and public holidays excepted) at the registered office of the 
Warrant Agent. 
6. Hedging Option Agreement 
The Hedging Option Agreements will, so long as any Hedging Options are outstanding, be available for 
inspection during usual business hours on any weekday (Saturdays and public holidays excepted) at the 
registered office of the Hedging Option Agent. 
7. Other information 
No person is or has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation other than those 
contained in the documents referred to in paragraphs 1 to 6 above in connection with the issue or sale of the 
Warrants or the Hedging Options and, if given or made, such information or representation must not be relied 
upon as having been authorised by the Issuer or any of the Dealers or the Arranger.

--- Page 167 ---
167 
 
 
 
KBC Bank NV and CBC Banque SA – Warrants and Hedging Options Programme – Base Prospectus (2021) 
 
XVI. 
RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT 
1. The Issuers 
The Issuers, severally and not jointly, accept responsibility for the information contained in this Base 
Prospectus and each Applicable Final Terms. To the best of the knowledge of the Issuers (having taken all 
reasonable care to ensure that such is the case) the information contained in this Base Prospectus is in 
accordance with the facts and does not omit anything likely to affect the import of such information. 
Market data and other statistical information used in this Base Prospectus has been extracted from a number 
of sources, including independent industry publications, government publications, reports by market research 
firms or other independent publications (each an “Independent Source”). The Issuers confirm that such 
information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as they are aware, and are able to ascertain from 
information published by the relevant Independent Source, no facts have been omitted which would render the 
reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. 
2. KBC Group 
KBC Group nor any other member of the KBC Group (other than the Issuers) has approved or authorised this 
Base Prospectus, or accepts any responsibility in connection with this Base Prospectus. 
The Issuers are solely responsible for the information in this Base Prospectus relating to KBC Group as set out 
above.

--- Page 168 ---
168 
 
 
 
KBC Bank NV and CBC Banque SA – Warrants and Hedging Options Programme – Base Prospectus (2021) 
 
XVII. GENERAL INFORMATION 
1. Authorisation 
The update of the Programme and the issue of Warrants and the Hedging Options have been duly authorised by 
resolutions of KBC Bank’s Executive Committee (directiecomité/comité de direction) dated 14 December 
2021 respectively resolutions of CBC Banque’s Executive Committee (directiecomité/comité de direction) 
dated 9 December 2021.  
2. Approval of this Base Prospectus 
The English version of this Base Prospectus has been approved by the FSMA on 21 December 2021 in its 
capacity as competent authority under the Prospectus Regulation to approve this document as a base 
prospectus. Application has been made to Euronext Brussels for the Warrants issued under this Base 
Prospectus to be listed and admitted to trading on Euronext Brussels. Euronext Brussels’ regulated market is 
a regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council 
on markets in financial instruments. As specified in the Final Terms, the Issuers may also issue Warrants which 
are not listed or admitted to trading on a regulated market or request the listing or admission to trading of the 
Warrants on any other stock exchange or market. The applicable Final Terms will state whether or not the 
relevant Warrants are to be listed and/or admitted to trading and, if so, on which stock exchanges and/or 
markets. The Hedging Options will not be listed/admitted to trading. 
 
The FSMA only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility 
and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Approval by the FSMA should not be considered as 
an endorsement of the Issuers or of the quality of the Warrants or the Hedging Options. Investors should make 
their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Warrants or the Hedging Options. 
3. Documents Available 
See Section “WHERE MORE INFORMATION CAN BE FOUND” on page 165 for information on where 
you can find the available documents.  
4. Conditions for determining Price 
The Exercise Price of the Warrant, the Initial Warrant Value, the Entitlement and the Actual Exercise Price, 
and the Issue Price of Warrants to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the Issuer (or the 
Warrant Agent on its behalf) at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions. 
The Exercise Price of the Hedging Option, the the Entitlement, the Fraction and the Issue Price of Hedging 
Options to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the Issuer (or the Warrant Agent on its behalf) 
at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions. 
5. Securities Settlement System of the Warrants 
Upon the choice of the Warrant Holder, the form of a Registered Warrant can be changed by a dematerialisation 
process potentially with a view of trading the relevant Warrant on Euronext Brussels. For this purposes, the 
Issuer will enter into a framework dematerialisation agreement with Euroclear SA/NV which will allow for 
the Warrants to be represented exclusively by book entries in the records of Euroclear SA/NV (or any successor 
Securities Settlement System) and held by the Warrant Holder through its securities account with the Securities 
Settlement System or with a direct or indirect participant in the Securities Settlement System.  
The address of the Securities Settlement System is Euroclear SA/NV, Koning Albert II Laan, 1, 1210 Brussels, 
Belgium.

--- Page 169 ---
169 
 
 
 
KBC Bank NV and CBC Banque SA – Warrants and Hedging Options Programme – Base Prospectus (2021) 
 
6. Significant or Material Change 
There has been: 
(i) no significant change in the financial or trading position of the Issuers or the KBC Bank Group 
since 31 December 2020; and 
(ii) save as disclosed in this Base Prospectus, no material adverse change in the financial position, 
business or prospects of the Issuers since 31 December 2020.

--- Page 170 ---
170 
 
 
 
KBC Bank NV and CBC Banque SA – Warrants and Hedging Options Programme – Base Prospectus (2021) 
 
 
 
THE ISSUERS 
 
 
 
 
 
KBC Bank NV 
 
 
Havenlaan 2 
 
 
B-1080 Brussels 
 
 
Belgium 
 
 
RPR 0462.920.226 
 
 
 
 
 
CBC Banque SA 
Avenue Albert 1er 
B-5000 Namur 
Belgium 
RPR 0403.211.380  
 
 
 
 
LISTING AGENT, WARRANT AGENT, 
HEDGING OPTION AGENT 
 
 
 
 
 
KBC Bank NV 
 
 
Havenlaan 2 
 
 
B-1080 Brussels 
 
 
Belgium 
 
 
RPR 0462.920.226 
  
 
 
 
 
 
LEGAL ADVISER 
 
 
 
 
 
as to Belgian law 
 
 
 
DLA Piper UK LLP 
Rue aux Laines 70 
1000 Brussels 
Belgium 
 
 
 
 
 
 
STATUTORY AUDITOR 
 
 
 
 
 
To the Issuers 
 
 
 
 
 
PricewaterhouseCoopers Bedrijfsrevisoren 
BV 
 
 
 
Woluwedal 18 
B-1932 Sint-Stevens-Woluwe 
 
 
Belgium