--- Page 1 ---
Final 
- i - 
KBC BANK NV 
CBC BANQUE SA 
(incorporated with limited liability in Belgium) 
(incorporated with limited liability in Belgium) 
EACH AN ISSUER
SAVINGS CERTIFICATES ISSUANCE PROGRAMME
Under this savings certificates issuance programme (the "Programme"), each of (i) KBC Bank NV, a public limited liability company 
(naamloze vennootschap/société anonyme) incorporated under the laws of the Belgium, with registered office at Havenlaan 2, B-1080 
Brussels, Belgium and registered under enterprise number 0462.920.226 ("KBC Bank") and (ii) CBC Banque SA, a public limited 
liability company (naamloze vennootschap/société anonyme) incorporated under the laws of the Belgium, with registered office at 
Avenue Albert 1er, 60, B-5000 Namur, Belgium and registered under enterprise number 0403.211.380 ("CBC Banque"), each, 
individually, an "Issuer" (and together the "Issuers"), may on a continuous basis, issue kasbons/bons de caisse ("Savings 
Certificates"), that rank as senior preferred obligations of the relevant Issuer. 
This document is a base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus") for purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament 
and of the Council of 14 June 2017 on the prospectus to be published when securities are offered to the public or admitted to trading 
on a regulated market, and repealing Directive 2003/71/EC, as amended (the "Prospectus Regulation"). Certain information is not 
set out in this document but is incorporated by reference and forms part of this Base Prospectus as set out in the section "Documents 
incorporated by Reference". The Issuers may also publish additional information from time to time in a supplement to this Base 
Prospectus in the event of certain significant new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies. Prospective investors should 
read this document together with all information incorporated by reference herein, any supplements to this Base Prospectus published 
by the Issuers, and the applicable Final Terms. 
This Base Prospectus was approved by the Belgian Financial Services and Markets Authority ("FSMA") on 6 August 2024 as competent 
authority under the Prospectus Regulation. The FSMA only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, 
comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation and such approval should not be considered as an 
endorsement of this Base Prospectus. This approval does not entail any appraisal of the appropriateness or the merits of any issue 
under the Programme nor of the situation of any Issuer. 
Final terms ("Final Terms") will document each Series (as defined below) of Savings Certificates issued under the Base Prospectus. 
This Base Prospectus (as amended or supplemented from time to time and including all documents incorporated by reference therein) 
and the relevant Final Terms together constitute the prospectus for each Series of Savings Certificates. 
Any decision to invest in the Savings Certificates should be based on a consideration of the Base Prospectus as a whole and the 
relevant Final Terms. 
The Savings Certificates shall be debt instruments for which the relevant Issuer commits itself to redeem the principal invested at 
maturity. They constitute non-equity securities as referred to in the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 of 14 March 
2019 supplementing Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council as regards the format, content, scrutiny 
and approval of the prospectus to be published when securities are offered to the public or admitted to trading on a regulated market, 
and repealing Commission Regulation (EC) No 809/2004, as amended (herein referred to as "Commission Delegated Regulation 
(EU) 2019/980").  
The Savings Certificates will be issued in dematerialised form in accordance with articles 7:35 et seq. of the Belgian Code of Companies 
and Associations. 
Investing in the Savings Certificates issued under this Base Prospectus involves certain risks and may not be a suitable 
investment for all investors. Savings Certificates issued under this Base Prospectus constitute unsecured debt instruments. 
In case of insolvency or default by the relevant Issuer, investors may not recover all amounts they are entitled to and risk 
losing all or a part of their investment. Each prospective investor must carefully consider whether it is suitable for that 
investor to invest in the Savings Certificates in light of its knowledge and financial experience and should, if required, obtain 
professional advice. Prospective investors should read the Base Prospectus in its entirety and, in particular, the risk factors 
described under the section "Risk Factors" before making an investment decision in order to fully understand the potential 
risks and rewards associated with the decision to invest in the Savings Certificates. 
In particular, each potential investor may wish to consider, either on its own or with the help of its financial and other professional 
advisers, whether it: 
(i) 
has sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Savings Certificates, the merits and risks of 
investing in the Savings Certificates and the information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or any 
applicable supplement; 
(ii) 
has access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its particular financial situation, an 
investment in the Savings Certificates and the impact the Savings Certificates will have on its overall investment portfolio;

--- Page 2 ---
Final 
- ii - 
(iii) 
has sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Savings Certificates; 
(iv) 
understands thoroughly the terms of the Savings Certificates and is familiar with the behaviour of any relevant financial markets; 
and 
(v) 
is able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for economic, interest rate and other 
factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments. The investment activities of certain investors are subject to legal 
investment laws and regulations, or review or regulation by certain authorities. Each potential investor should consult its own legal 
advisers to determine whether and to what extent (i) Savings Certificates are legal investments for it, (ii) Savings Certificates can be 
used as collateral for various types of borrowing and (iii) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Savings Certificates. 
Financial institutions should consult their legal advisors or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of Savings 
Certificates under any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules. 
The date of this Base Prospectus is 6 August 2024. This Base Prospectus shall be valid for 12 months from its date of 
approval, i.e. until 6 August 2025. The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, 
material mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid.  
An offer of Savings Certificates can still be made under this Base Prospectus after 6 August 2025 and the base prospectus shall remain 
valid for such purposes, if an exemption from the requirement to draw up a prospectus in respect of such offer applies in accordance 
with the Prospectus Regulation or the Belgian law of 11 July 2018 (the "Prospectus Law"). 
This Base Prospectus, any supplement to the Base Prospectus and the relevant Final Terms will be made available on KBC Bank's 
website in English, together with a summary in Dutch and in French (https://www.kbc.com/en/investor-relations/debt-issuance/kbc-
bank.html) and a copy can be obtained free of charge in the offices of the relevant Issuer. The information on this website does not 
form part of, and is not incorporated by reference into, this Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the FSMA, 
except for information that is incorporated by reference in accordance with the section "Documents incorporated by Reference" of this 
Base Prospectus. 
Pursuant to article 8.8 of the Prospectus Regulation, a summary shall be drawn up once the Final Terms are included in this Base 
Prospectus or in a supplement to the Base Prospectus or are prepared separately, and that summary shall be specific to the individual 
issue. 
No person is or has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation other than those contained in this Base 
Prospectus in connection with the issue or sale of the Savings Certificates and, if given or made, such information or representation 
must not be relied upon as having been authorised by any of Issuers. Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor any sale made 
in connection herewith shall, under any circumstances, create any implication that there has been no change in the affairs of the 
relevant Issuer since the date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently amended or supplemented, 
or that there has been no adverse change in the financial position of the relevant Issuer since the date hereof or the date upon which 
this Base Prospectus has been most recently amended or supplemented, or that any other information supplied in connection with the 
Base Prospectus is correct as of any time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the 
document containing the same. If at any time during the life of the Base Prospectus the Issuers shall be required to prepare a 
supplement pursuant to article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, the Issuers will prepare and make available an appropriate supplement 
to this Base Prospectus. 
This Base Prospectus contains or incorporates by reference certain statements that constitute forward-looking statements. Such 
forward-looking statements may include, without limitation, statements relating to the relevant Issuer's business strategies, trends in 
its business, competition and competitive advantage, regulatory changes, and restructuring plans. Words such as believes, expects, 
projects, anticipates, seeks, estimates, intends, plans or similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements but 
are not the exclusive means of identifying such statements. The Issuers do not intend to update these forward-looking statements 
except as may be required by applicable securities laws. By their very nature, forward-looking statements involve inherent risks and 
uncertainties, both general and specific, and risks exist that predictions, forecasts, projections and other outcomes described or implied 
in forward-looking statements will not be achieved. 
This Base Prospectus contains various amounts and percentages which have been rounded and, as a result, when those amounts 
and percentages are added up, they may not correspond. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of the Savings Certificates may be restricted by law in certain jurisdictions. 
None of the Issuers represents that this Base Prospectus may be lawfully distributed, or that the Savings Certificates may be lawfully 
offered, in compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption 
available thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or offering.  
Accordingly, the Savings Certificates may not be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and neither this Base Prospectus nor any 
advertisement or other offering material may be distributed or published in any jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will result 
in compliance with any applicable laws and regulations. Indeed, this Base Prospectus may not be used for the purpose of, or in 
connection with, any offer or solicitation by anyone in any jurisdiction in which such offer or solicitation is not authorised or to any 
person to whom it is unlawful to make such offer or solicitation. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus or the Savings 
Certificates may come are required by the Issuers to inform themselves about, and to observe, any such restrictions on the distribution 
of this Base Prospectus and the offering and sale of the Savings Certificates. Any failure to comply with these restrictions may constitute 
a violation of the securities laws. None of the Issuers accepts any legal responsibility for any violation by any person, whether or not a 
prospective purchaser of Savings Certificates, of any such restrictions. For a description of certain restrictions on offers and sales of 
the Savings Certificates and on the distribution of this Base Prospectus, see the section "Offer and Sale". This Base Prospectus may 
not be used for the purpose of, or in connection with, any offer or solicitation by anyone except the relevant Issuer. This Prospectus 
may not be copied or distributed in whole or in part, nor may its contents be divulged, or the information contained herein be used by 
anyone other than the Issuer.

--- Page 3 ---
- iii - 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
Page 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME
1
This section contains a general overview of the Savings Certificates which can be issued 
under the Programme. 
1
RISK FACTORS
6
RISK FACTORS RELATING TO THE ISSUERS AND KBC BANK GROUP
8
RISK FACTORS RELATING TO THE SAVINGS CERTIFICATES
16
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE
21
This section incorporates by reference selected publicly available information regarding 
the Issuers that should be read in conjunction with this Base Prospectus. 
21
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SAVINGS CERTIFICATES
23
This section sets out the contractual terms and conditions of the Savings Certificates. 
23
FORM OF FINAL TERMS
38
This section sets out a template for the Final Terms to be used for each specific Series of 
Savings Certificates issuance. 
38
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE OFFER
41
This section sets out the contractual terms and conditions of the offer of Savings 
Certificates 
41
OFFER AND SALE
43
This section set outs the restrictions to the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the 
offering or sale of Savings Certificates 
43
TAXATION
44
This section sets out an overview of certain taxation considerations relating to the 
Savings Certificates. 
44
USE OF PROCEEDS
48
This section explains what the net proceeds from the sale of the Savings Certificates 
issued under each Programme will be used for. 
48
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUERS
49
This section provides a description of the Issuers' business activities as well as certain 
financial information in respect of the Issuers 
49
RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT
83
This section identifies the persons responsible for the information in this Base 
Prospectus 
83
GENERAL INFORMATION
84
This section provides certain additional general information relating to all Savings 
Certificates. 
84

--- Page 4 ---
- iv -

--- Page 5 ---
- 1 - 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME
This section contains a general overview of the Savings Certificates which can be issued under the 
Programme. 
This overview constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of article 25(1)(b) 
of Commission Delegated Regulation 2019/980 of 14 March 2019 supplementing Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council as regards the format, content, scrutiny and 
approval of the prospectus to be published when securities are offered to the public or admitted to 
trading on a regulated market, and repealing Commission Regulation (EC) No 809/2004, as amended. 
It summarises the main terms applicable to respectively the Savings Certificates issued under the 
Programme pursuant to the relevant terms and conditions set out in this Base Prospectus (the 
"Conditions") and the relevant final terms based on the form set out in this Base Prospectus (the 
"Final Terms"). 
This overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety by the 
remainder of, this Base Prospectus (including any documents incorporated by reference herein) and, 
in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular Series of Savings Certificates, the applicable 
Final Terms. 
Capitalised terms used herein and not otherwise defined shall bear the meanings ascribed to them in 
the Conditions, as the context may require. 
Issuer: 
Respectively:  
KBC Bank NV (LEI: 6B2PBRV1FCJDMR45RZ53) ("“KBC Bank"), or  
CBC Banque SA (LEI: DVCTKZJG5QM5XGM4TR05) ("CBC Banque"). 
KBC Bank is registered as a credit institution with the National Bank of 
Belgium (the "NBB"). It is a wholly-owned subsidiary of KBC Group and is 
part of the KBC Group. KBC Bank’s strategy is fully embedded in the 
strategy of KBC Group, which includes offering a unique bank-insurance 
experience combining KBC Bank’s banking activities and KBC Bank’s 
sister company KBC Insurance NV’s insurance activities. 
CBC Banque is registered as a credit institution with the NBB. It is a wholly-
owned subsidiary of KBC Bank and is part of the KBC Bank Group. CBC 
Banque’s strategy is fully embedded in the strategy of KBC Group, which 
includes offering a unique bank-insurance experience combining CBC 
Banque’s banking activities and CBC Assurances’ insurance activities. 
CBC Assurances is a trade name of KBC Insurance NV. 
KBC Bank together with its subsidiaries are referred to in this Base 
Prospectus as "KBC Bank Group".

--- Page 6 ---
- 2 - 
* For a full overview of the group's structure, we refer to https://www.kbc.com/en/about-us/our-
structure.html. The information on this website does not form part of, and is not incorporated by 
reference into, this Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the FSMA.
Description 
of 
the 
Programme: 
The Programme is a programme for the continuous offer of kasbons/bons 
de caisse (the "Savings Certificates"). 
Savings Certificates 
The Savings Certificates are debt instruments of the relevant Issuer for 
which such Issuer commits itself to redeem the principal at maturity. 
The Savings Certificates are non-equity securities as referred to in the 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 of 14 March 2019 
supplementing Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament 
and of the Council as regards the format, content, scrutiny and approval of 
the prospectus to be published when securities are offered to the public or 
admitted to trading on a regulated market, and repealing Commission 
Regulation (EC) No 809/2004, as amended (herein referred to as 
"Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980").  
Status and ranking of 
the 
Savings 
Certificates 
and 
Deposit Protection 
The Savings Certificates constitute direct, unconditional, senior and 
unsecured obligations of the relevant Issuer. They rank at all times, without 
any preference among themselves, pari passu with all other 
unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the relevant Issuer, present 
and future, which fall or be expressed to fall within the category of 
obligations described in Article 389/1, 1° of the Belgian law of 25 April 2014 
on the status and supervision of credit institutions (the "Banking Law"), 
but, in the event of insolvency, only to the extent permitted by laws relating 
to creditors’ right. This category can be seen as the "ordinary creditors" 
and may be qualified as "preferred senior creditors". Such creditors have 
a higher priority ranking than the so-called "non-preferred senior" creditors 
defined under article 389/1, 2° of the Banking Law. 
KBC Group NV
KBC Bank NV (Issuer)
Various subsidiaries such as CBC 
Banque (Issuer), joint ventures and 
associated companies
KBC Insurance NV
Various subsidiaries, joint ventures and 
associated companies
KBC Bank Group
KBC Group*

--- Page 7 ---
- 3 - 
The Savings Certificates represent debt obligations of the relevant Issuer 
and do not form part of the capital or own funds of the relevant Issuer. The 
holder of the Savings Certificates has a contractual claim (receivable) 
against the relevant Issuer for the repayment of the principal amount of the 
Savings Certificates at the conditions as set out in the Conditions and the 
relevant Final Terms. 
The Savings Certificates benefit from a protection under the Belgian 
deposit protection scheme granted by the Belgian Guarantee Fund 
(Garantiefonds/Fonds de Garantie), subject to a limitation of EUR 100,000 
(it being understood that this limitation applies to all deposits, including 
Savings Certificates, with a financial institution, held by a depositor). 
It should be noted that the deposit protection for Savings Certificates only 
applies in respect of the Savings Certificates in dematerialised form, to the 
extent that these Savings Certificates in dematerialised form are held on a 
securities account in the name of an account holder eligible for deposit 
protection in accordance with the conditions of the Belgian deposit 
protection scheme.  
With respect to Savings Certificates converted in Savings Certificates in 
registered form at the request of the holder (in accordance with Condition 
2.2(c)), it should be noted that such Savings Certificates are eligible for 
deposit protection in accordance with the conditions of the Belgian deposit 
protection scheme, provided that the Savings Certificates are registered in 
the name of an account holder eligible for deposit protection in accordance 
with the conditions of the Belgian deposit protection scheme.  
For amounts not protected by the deposit protection scheme, the Bail-In 
Power shall apply. 
In accordance with and subject to the conditions set out in article 389, §2 
of the Banking Law, "eligible deposits" (including Savings Certificates) held 
by individuals (physical persons) and small and medium enterprises 
benefit from a special priority lien on all assets of the relevant Issuer for 
the amounts in excess of the amount covered by the deposit protection 
scheme (such lien ranking after the lien for the benefit of the Belgian 
Guarantee Fund for claims in the amounts covered by the deposit 
protection scheme). 
Cross-Acceleration 
None. 
Cross-Default 
None. 
Negative Pledge 
None. 
Form 
of 
Savings 
Certificates 
The Savings Certificates are issued in dematerialised form in accordance 
with article 7:35 of the Belgian Code of Companies and Association. 
The Savings Certificates are registered in a securities account held by the 
holder of the Savings Certificates. 
A conversion of Savings Certificates in dematerialised form into registered 
form (and vice versa) can always be requested by the relevant holder.

--- Page 8 ---
- 4 - 
The relevant Issuer is a recognised account holder for purposes article 
7:35 of the Belgian Code of Companies and Association and acts as the 
head of pyramid in respect of the Savings Certificates issued by it. The 
relevant Issuer centralises all operations with respect to the Savings 
Certificates, such as the payment of interest and redemption payments, 
also if the relevant Savings Certificates would have been transferred by 
the holder to another financial institution for custody.  
Savings Certificates are not cleared in the clearing system of the National 
Bank of Belgium. 
Method of Issue 
The Savings Certificates will be issued in series (each a "Series") having 
the same characteristics with respect to maturity and interest rates. 
Selling Restrictions 
General, United States, United Kingdom. See the section "Offer and Sale".
Issue Price 
Savings Certificates are issued at par. 
Delivery of Savings 
Certificates 
Savings Certificates will be credited to the securities accounts held by the 
investor with the relevant Issuer. 
Currency 
EUR. 
Maturities 
As specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Redemption 
The maturity date ("Maturity Date") of each Savings Certificate is as set 
out in the relevant Final Terms in respect of the relevant Series of Savings 
Certificate. 
The Savings Certificates shall be redeemed on the Maturity Date. The 
Savings Certificates will be redeemed at par. The Savings Certificates are 
repaid in euro on the cash account (current or savings account) linked to 
the securities account of the holder at the relevant Issuer or at the relevant 
financial institution for custody, as applicable. 
The relevant Issuer may, subject to compliance with any applicable laws 
and regulations, repurchase Savings Certificates at any time prior to the 
Maturity Date, but is not obliged to do so. The amount at which the relevant 
Issuer may agree to repurchase Savings Certificates will depend on the 
prevailing interest rates. A transaction fee of 0.75% of the outstanding 
principal amount will be charged by the relevant Issuer for the repurchase. 
Such fees in case of repurchase may change over time and investors 
should inform themselves thereof. Savings Certificates purchased by the 
Issuer may be cancelled or held at the option of the Issuer. 
Specified 
Denomination 
EUR 1. The minimum investment in a Savings Certificate is EUR 500, and 
increments of EUR 1 in excess thereof. 
Interest Periods and 
Rates of Interest 
As set out in the applicable Final Terms.  
Governing Law 
The Savings Certificates will be governed by, and construed in accordance 
with, Belgian law. 
Type 
of 
Savings 
Certificates 
Savings Certificates can be issued (a) with interest distribution and (b) with 
interest capitalisation.

--- Page 9 ---
- 5 - 
Ratings 
Savings Certificates issued under the Programme will be unrated. 
Tax Gross-up 
Investors should be aware that pursuant to the Conditions there are no 
gross-up payments in respect of the Savings Certificates. This means that 
if taxes are imposed in respect of the Savings Certificates, there is no 
obligation for the relevant Issuer to compensate the investors for any tax 
charge that they would incur as a result of such taxes. 
Listing 
and 
Admission to Trading
The Savings Certificates will not be listed and will not be admitted to trading 
on a regulated market or a multilateral trading facility (or any other market). 
Use of Proceeds 
General corporate purposes of the Issuer.

--- Page 10 ---
- 6 - 
RISK FACTORS 
Text in italics below is an introduction to the “Risk Factors” section. 
Which risks are described in this section and in how are they presented? 
The Issuers believe that the risk factors described in this section are risks which are specific to the 
Issuers, to the Savings Certificates and which are material for taking an informed investment decision 
with respect to the Savings Certificates. However, the inability of the relevant Issuer to pay any amount 
in respect of a Savings Certificates may occur for other reasons which may not be considered 
significant risks by the Issuers based on the information currently available to them or which they may 
not currently be able to anticipate.  
The risk factors are grouped in the following categories: 

Risk factors relating to the Issuers and KBC Bank Group (see page 8 and following); 

Risk factors relating to the Savings Certificates (see page 16 and following); 
In each category the most material risk factors are mentioned first. The materiality of a risk factor is 
assessed by its expected negative impact on the relevant Issuer (including any relevant mitigation 
measures) and the probability of its occurrence. 
Some risk factors can be grouped into more than one category. In that case, the Issuers have only 
mentioned that risk factor in the most appropriate category, and not in the other categories. Potential 
investors should consult the risk factors in all categories. 
Does this section contain all risks that could result in adverse consequences for investors in 
the Savings Certificates? 
No. This section does not contain risks: 

that the Issuers do not consider material; 

that the Issuers do not consider to be specific to the relevant Issuer or the Savings Certificates;  

of which the Issuers are not aware; or 

that may arise in the future. 
Although not mentioned in this section, these risks could in the future still result in adverse 
consequences for investors in the Savings Certificates.  
The Issuers will publish a supplement to this Base Prospectus if such risks become material or specific 
to any Issuer or the Savings Certificates, or when the Issuers become aware of them or when they 
arise. 
What is meant by risks that are “material” for taking an informed investment decision? 
The Issuers have assessed the materiality of the risks factors, taking into account the expected 
negative impact of such risks on the relevant Issuer (including any relevant mitigation measures) and 
the probability of their occurrence. For the risk factor relating to KBC Bank, CBC Banque and the KBC 
Bank Group, the result of this assessment is mentioned behind each risk factor, using a scale of “low”, 
“medium” or “high”.  
What does a “low”, “medium” or “high” materiality of a risk factor mean?

--- Page 11 ---
- 7 - 
The qualitative scale of the materiality of a risk using the labels “low”, “medium” or “high” is only 
intended to compare the expected negative impact of such risks on the Issuer (including any relevant 
mitigation measures) and the probability of their occurrence among the risk factors included in this 
section. These labels do not correspond to certain amounts or percentages, and are based on a good 
faith judgment of the Issuers.

--- Page 12 ---
- 8 - 
RISK FACTORS RELATING TO THE ISSUERS AND KBC BANK GROUP
The overall management responsibility of a financial institution can be defined as managing capital, 
liquidity, return (income versus costs) and risks, which in particular arise from the special situation of 
banks as risk transformers. Taking risks and transforming risks is an integral part – and hence an 
inevitable consequence of – the business of a financial institution. Therefore, the KBC Bank Group 
(together with KBC Group) does not aim to eliminate all the risks involved (risk avoidance) but instead 
looks to identify, control and manage them in order to make optimal use of its available capital (i.e. risk-
taking as a means of creating value).
The sections below include the risk factors relating to the Issuers, the KBC Bank Group and the markets 
in which they operate. 
Geopolitical and emerging risks - high risk 
In recent years, geopolitical risks have become increasingly important, due to inter alia, the start of the 
Russia-Ukraine war in 2022, which sharpened geopolitical tensions and triggered a mix of complex 
societal, economic and financial issues, including disruption of trade, energy and commodity supplies, 
inflation and higher interest rates. The direct and indirect impact on financial institutions include 
increased and sustained market uncertainty, reduced investor confidence, higher credit risk (especially 
given already elevated public and private debt levels) and lower growth prospects.  
In addition, the banking turmoil in the spring of 2023 caused broader market volatility and contagion 
risks across the financial system, leading to stricter credit conditions and fears of recession. While the 
turmoil has subsided, underlying weaknesses remain, in particular in the US financial sector. Events 
also provided a strong warning on the potential of social media to undermine trust and fuel a sudden 
change in customer behaviour, including by triggering and exacerbating a (digital) bank-run. Trust is 
the license to operate for the financial sector, and losing it is easier than gaining trust again. 
Until now, the impact on KBC Bank Group of above mentioned events remained confined. 
2024 is expected to be another year of extraordinary geopolitical volatility, which started in the 4th 
quarter of 2023 with the conflicts in the Middle East. The development of the Israeli-Palestine conflict 
(and further evolution of the tensions between Israel and Iran) and other issues (for example, in the 
Red Sea) might also escalate into a broader (regional) conflict with larger and more prolonged 
consequences.  
Ongoing tensions between Russia and NATO, strategic competition between the US and China, anti-
globalization and deglobalization trends and a busy global electoral cycle are expected to continue to 
fuel geopolitical tensions as well. The outcome of the US elections in November may have important 
repercussions in respect of, for example, US participation in NATO and US support towards Ukraine. 
The uncertainty we are currently experiencing may lead to further instability and disruption.   
The Issuers are aware of these geopolitical risks and execute “what if” sensitivity analyses to inform 
senior management about possible adverse scenarios and discuss potential mitigating actions. 
Emerging risks are mainly related to the digital transformation (inter alia, resulting in more and more 
intense cyber risks), climate change and other environmental, social and governance ("ESG") 
challenges that have an important impact on our banking, insurance and asset management activities. 
These topics have become highly regulated and supervised in the meantime (see also below "Legal 
and regulatory risk - medium risk").  
The financial industry is undergoing a major transition, with digital transformation bringing new 
opportunities (for example, the opportunity to embed artificial intelligence (AI), big data analysis and 
automation technologies in the Issuers’ operations to make their interactions with clients instant, 
straight-through and friction-free) and challenges (including in the areas of cyber risk, ethical AI and

--- Page 13 ---
- 9 - 
new digital competitors & new emerging business models). KBC Bank Group has taken measures to 
deal with and mitigate these risks in a actively managed way. 
At the same time the financial sector plays a crucial role in the transition to a greener and more 
sustainable economy: financial institutions not only need to reflect on their own activities, taking into 
account new regulations, but also have a crucial role in helping their clients to make the transition 
towards a more sustainable world and optimise their own energy consumption or carbon footprint. The 
Issuers prioritise ESG risk management and efforts are made to implement all related regulatory 
requirements and to inform their clients about newly created opportunities and to help them to make 
the transition. Overall, the management of climate related risks is embedded within the entire 
organisation and within each risk type whereby most impact is expected on credit and insurance risks. 
More information and figures about events in relation to the Issuers can be found in the section entitled 
"Trend Information" in the section entitled "Information relating to the Issuers' business" of this Base 
Prospectus.  
Please also refer to pages 32 to 35 of KBC Bank's 2023 Annual Report, which include the financial 
reporting for the financial year 2023. KBC Bank's 2023 Annual Report is incorporated by reference into 
this Base Prospectus as set out in the section entitled "Documents incorporated by Reference" of this 
Base Prospectus. 
Performance risk - medium risk 
The KBC Bank Group, and the financial markets as a whole, operate in a rapidly changing environment 
characterized by volatility, uncertainty, complexity and ambiguity.  
Since the Russian invasion of Ukraine, a reserve for geopolitical and emerging risks has been 
maintained, and a selection of vulnerable portfolios and sub-portfolios have been earmarked for 
increased risk potential. For related figures, including the methodology and development of this 
reserve, we refer to note 3.9 of the ‘Consolidated financial statements’ section of KBC Bank's 2023 
Annual Report.  
The geopolitical and emerging risks that have arisen in the course of 2022 continue to limit the ability 
of the credit models to adequately reflect all the consequences of the resulting economic conditions. 
As such, post-model adjustments might need to be recognized in addition to the expected credit loss 
provisions produced by the models. 
In addition, the industry and the Issuers continue to face major macroeconomic, financial and 
operational challenges and instability, whereby regulatory and supervisory pressure and uncertainty 
are rising to unprecedented levels:  
 
Although the KBC Group’s net result at the end of Financial Year 2023 increased with 29% 
compared to 2022 (please note that IFRS 17 came into force in 2023, resulting in retroactive 
restatement of 2022 figures) and while its capital position and liquidity position remained strong 
throughout the crisis, the current geopolitical and emerging risks may continue to have an 
impact on the profitability and performance of the KBC Group.  
 
Overall the geopolitical tensions and the uncertainties surrounding the timing and extent of 
central banks’ monetary actions lead to more volatility in the markets and in the profits and 
losses of dealing rooms.    
 
Credits granted in times of high interest rates bear a larger prepayment risk.  
 
The interest rate environment leads to shifts in deposit flows from current and savings accounts 
to more expensive funding sources such as term deposits.

--- Page 14 ---
- 10 - 
 
Strong regulatory pressure and uncertainty, with continued challenges in terms of level playing 
field requires a lot of attention and even more staff being involved in regulatory reporting 
activities. 
 
Mergers and acquisitions activities, as well as change projects in line with overall KBC Bank 
Group strategy could negatively impact the performance of the Issuers if such activities and 
projects are not managed and implemented well. 
The risks described above may have an impact on the Issuers' profitability and performance and may 
adversely affect the ability of the Issuer to meet its financial obligations. 
Credit risk - medium risk 
Credit risk is the potential negative deviation from the expected value of a financial instrument arising 
from the non-payment or non-performance by a contracting party (for instance a borrower), due to that 
party’s insolvency, inability or lack of willingness to pay or perform, or to events or measures taken by 
the political or monetary authorities of a particular country (country risk). Credit risk thus encompasses 
default risk and country risk, but also includes migration risk, which is the risk for adverse changes in 
credit ratings. 
The main source of credit risk is a bank's loan portfolio. It includes all the loans and guarantees that 
the KBC Bank Group has granted to individuals, companies, governments and banks (including debt 
securities if they are issued by companies or banks). The aggregate outstanding amount of the KBC 
Bank Group’s loan portfolio amounted to EUR 203 billion on 31 December 2023. Most counterparties 
are private individuals (41%) and corporates (50%). Most counterparties are located in Belgium (55%) 
or in the Czech Republic (18%). Impaired loans (i.e., loans where it is unlikely that the full contractual 
principal and interest will be repaid) constitute 2% of this portfolio. 
A more detailed breakdown of the KBC Bank Group’s loan portfolio, including information on 
impairments, can be found on pages 53-57 of KBC Bank's 2023 Annual Report. More information on 
impairments (including impairments linked to geopolitical and emerging risks and coronavirus crisis) 
can be found in note 3.9 (“Impairment (income statement)”) of the consolidated financial statements of 
KBC Bank's 2023 Annual Report.  
The mortgage portfolio of the KBC Bank Group amounts to EUR 75 billion, which constitutes 41 per 
cent. of the KBC Bank Group’s loans and advances to customers being EUR 182 billion, excluding 
reverse repos (i.e. the sale of securities subject to the agreement to repurchase the securities at a later 
date) (see note 2.3 of KBC Bank's 2023 Annual Report). 
The main sources of other credit risks are trading book securities, counterparty risk of derivatives and 
government securities. 
More information on credit risks relating to trading book securities, counterparty risk of derivatives and 
government securities can be found on page 57 of KBC Bank's 2023 Annual Report. KBC Bank's 2023 
Annual Report is incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus as set out in the section 
“Documents incorporated by Reference”. 
Operational risk & compliance risk - medium risk 
The KBC Bank Group is exposed to a large array of operational risks, which are defined as risk of loss 
resulting from inadequate or failed internal processes, people and systems, or arising from human 
errors or sudden man-made or natural external events that could give rise to material losses in services 
to customer and to loss or liability to the KBC Bank Group.  
These events can potentially result in financial loss, liability to customers, administrative fines, penalties 
and/or reputational damages.

--- Page 15 ---
- 11 - 
The KBC Bank Group endeavours to hedge such risks by implementing adequate systems, controls 
and processes tailored to its business. Nevertheless, it is possible that these measures prove to be 
ineffective in relation to operational risks to which the KBC Bank Group is exposed. 
Since the beginning of 2022, the Issuers have been warned about an increased risk of disruptive cyber-
attacks on critical infrastructure and institutions such as telecoms, energy, financial markets 
infrastructure, etc. Following the Russian invasion in Ukraine and the sanctions imposed on Russia, 
the European Union has faced an increased risk of disruptive, state sponsored cyber-attacks towards 
critical (financial markets) infrastructure and institutions. Also some of the cyber-attacks (e.g., 
distributed denial-of-service (DDoS) attack and password spraying, i.e. using a single common 
password to attempt to access multiple accounts) targeting KBC entities can be attributed to pro-
Russian hacker groups, until now, with relatively limited impact on the targeted entities and their clients. 
The KBC Bank Group as well as the local entities remain vigilant, with constant monitoring procedures 
in place. 
The main operational risks of the KBC Bank Group are as follows: 
 
Conduct and compliance risk: The risk of fines or sanctions due to failure (or the perceived 
failure) to comply with laws and regulations relating to integrity and with internal policies and 
codes of conduct reflecting the institution's own values and codes of conduct in relation to the 
integrity of its activities. This also includes the current or prospective risk of losses arising from 
the inappropriate supply of financial services, including cases of wilful or negligent misconduct. 
Conduct risk covers many "hard" legal aspects, such as informing customers, providing the 
required transparency, avoiding misleading information and forced tying of products, selling the 
right product to the right customer and at the right time, avoiding conflicts of interest in doing 
business, manipulation of benchmarks, obstacles to changing financial products during their 
lifetime, automatic provision of products or unfair treatment of customers' complaints. There 
are also softer aspects to include in conduct risk. These are based specifically on behaviour 
and are linked to people, culture and mindset. 
 
Information security risk: The risks arising from the loss, misuse, unauthorised disclosure or 
modification, inaccessibility, inaccuracy and damage of information.
 
Information Technology ("IT") risk: The risk associated with the use, ownership, operation, 
involvement and adoption of IT within an enterprise. IT risk consists of IT-related events (such 
as IT unavailability or software malfunctioning) that impact the company and its customers, 
creating challenges in meeting strategic goals and objectives.
 
Process risk: Risks of losses caused by insufficient, badly designed or poorly implemented 
processes and processing controls and unintentional human errors or omissions during normal 
(transaction) processing.
 
Outsourcing risk and third party risk: The risks stemming from problems regarding continuity, 
integrity and/or quality of the activities outsourced to or partnered with third parties (whether or 
not within a group) or from the equipment or staff made available by these third parties.  In view 
of the digital transformation trends, a lot of attention is given to the mitigation of this increasing 
risk. 
 
Model risk: The risk of losses or the potential for adverse consequences arising from decisions 
based on incorrect or misused model outputs and model reports. A distinction is made between 
model errors and wrong application of the model (e.g. the use of outdated models).
 
Fraud risk: Risks of deliberate abuse of procedures, systems, assets, products and/or services 
by one or more persons who intend to deceitfully or unlawfully benefit themselves or others.

--- Page 16 ---
- 12 - 
 
Legal risk: Risks of losses caused by bad management of disputes, the inability to protect 
intellectual property (IP), failure to manage(non-)contractual obligations or failure to timely and 
correctly detect, assess and implement legislation and regulations. 
 
Business continuity risk: The risk that business activities cannot be continued at an acceptable 
pre-defined level resulting from the lack of a strategic and tactical capability of the organization 
to plan for and respond to serious (business) disruptions, crises or disasters. 
 
Personal and physical security risk: Risks of losses to physical assets and those arising from 
acts inconsistent with employment, health or safety laws or agreements, from personal injury 
claims, or from diversity and discrimination events.
Market risk in non-trading activities - medium risk 
Market risk is generally defined as the potential negative deviation from the expected value of a 
financial instrument (or portfolio of such instruments) due to changes in the level or in the volatility of 
market prices (e.g. interest rates, exchange rates and equity or commodity prices). Market risk is 
related to trading (which can be found in the risk factor entitled "Market risk in trading activities - low 
risk" below) and non-trading activities. In respect of its non-trading activities (comprising the Issuer’s 
banking activities and other business operations) the KBC Bank Group is mainly exposed to interest 
rate risk, credit spread risk and equity price risk. In the latest case, and for banking activities, the notion 
of interest rate risk is also extended to the potential negative impact on the generation of Net Interest 
Income ("NII").  
 
Interest rate risk is the potential negative deviation from the expected value of a financial 
instrument or portfolio due to changes in the level or in the volatility of interest rates. The value 
of interest bearing positions will decrease when market interest rates increase and vice-versa, 
unless the position contains inherent protection against such decrease, such as a variable or 
floating interest rate mechanism. Over the last years, the notion of interest rate risk for banking 
activities has been progressively extended to the impact of interest rate movements on the NII 
generation, which is an important driver supporting the sustainability of banking activities.  The 
KBC Bank Group estimates that, as at 31 December 2023, an increase of market interest rates 
by 10 basis points would lead to a decrease of the value of the KBC Bank Group’s total portfolio 
by EUR 45 million.  The sensitivity of NII is measured according to EBA guidelines regarding 
outlier Stress tests (SOT), where the worst-case among two scenarios (parallel up and parallel 
down) on NII is also set off against tier-1 capital. According to this measure, the interest rate 
sensitivity of KBC is limited: it came to -1.27% at year-end 2023, compared to the 5% outlier 
threshold used by the supervisory authority.  The SOT “NII” complements the SOT EVE, (for 
Economic Value of Equity). There, six different scenarios are applied to the banking books. 
These scenarios comprise material parallel shifts up and down, steepening or flattening of the 
swap curves or shifts in the short-term rates only. The worst-case scenario impact (the most 
negative impact on the economic value of equity) is set off against tier-1 capital. For the banking 
book at KBC group level, the SOT EVE came to -3.91% of tier-1 capital at year-end 2023. This 
is well below the -15% threshold, which is monitored by the European Central Bank. 
 
Credit spread risk is the risk due to changes in the level or in the volatility of credit spreads (i.e. 
the difference in yield between different debt instruments of the same maturity). The value of 
the KBC Bank Group’s positions will decrease when credit spread increases, and vice versa. 
This is mainly relevant for KBC Bank Group’s portfolio of sovereign and non-sovereign bonds. 
As at 31 December 2023, the total carrying value (i.e. the amount at which an asset or liability 
is recognised in the Issuer’s accounts) of the KBC Bank Group’s sovereign and non-sovereign 
bond portfolio combined was EUR 56 billion. The KBC Bank Group estimates that an increase 
in credit spread of 100 basis points across the entire curve would lead to a theoretical negative 
economic impact of EUR 2.3 billion on the value of both portfolios combined.

--- Page 17 ---
- 13 - 
 
Equity risk is the risk due to changes in the level or in the volatility of equity prices. The total 
value of the KBC Bank Group’s equity portfolio as at 31 December 2023 was EUR 0.23 billion.  
More information regarding market risks in non-trading activities generally, and interest rate risk, credit 
spread risk and equity risk specifically, can be found on pages 58 to 63 of the KBC Bank’s 2023 annual 
report. 
Legal and regulatory risk - medium risk 
The Issuers' business activities are subject to substantial regulation and regulatory oversight in the 
jurisdictions in which it operates. 
Recent regulatory and legislative developments applicable to credit institutions, such as the KBC Bank 
Group may adversely impact the Issuers and/or its subsidiaries, its business, financial condition or 
results of operation which in turn may impact the Issuers or the Issuers' ability to meet their financial 
obligations. A non-exhaustive overview of certain important regulatory and legislative developments, 
such as changes to the prudential requirements for credit institutions, capital adequacy rules, recovery 
and resolution mechanisms, is set out in the section entitled "Banking supervision and regulation" in 
the section "Information relating to the Issuers' business" of this Base Prospectus. 
Moreover, there seems to have been an increase in the level of scrutiny and short implementation 
timelines applied by governments and regulators to enforce applicable regulations and calls to impose 
further charges on the financial services industry in recent years (e.g., additional levy of taxes). Such 
increased scrutiny or charges may require the Issuers to take additional measures which, in turn, may 
have adverse effects on their business, financial condition and results of operations. Implementation 
of related regulation and supervisory guidance can result in a crowding-out effect on the KBC Bank 
Group's business and strategic transformation and might drive up the capital and liquidity requirements. 
Not complying with increasingly complex regulation is met with heavy fines and supervisory measures. 
Regulatory complexity is further increased by the fact that regulatory frameworks are not aligned 
(banking vs insurance, ECB vs SRB, national vs European regulation). 
ESG risks are increasingly high on the agenda of the legislators and regulators, leading to a number 
of directives, guidelines and disclosure requirements. These have to be gradually implemented in the 
coming years with the main focus on strategy, governance, risk management and internal and external 
reporting. The Issuers are taking the necessary actions to implement and to be compliant with all new 
regulation. The requirements of such disclosure for market participants, investors and society in 
general will further increase (substantially) in the coming years. For example, based upon the 
disclosure, financial institutions, and the Issuers in particular, will be judged on how well they adapt to 
climate change and other ESG related aspects. To deliver the required data quality on ESG is an 
important challenge not only for the Issuers but for the entire financial sector. 
As operational resilience is a focus point of regulators, this will have a significant impact in the years 
ahead, the Digital Operational Resilience Act (DORA) is an example in this respect. The ECB is 
engaging with institutions to ensure that operational disruptions are properly planned for, managed and 
mitigated. Within the KBC Bank Group, key building blocks (such as business continuity management, 
cyber security and outsourcing risk management) are in place but further improvements are needed to 
fully comply with the regulation. 
Liquidity risk - low risk 
Please also refer to the section entitled "Liquidity risk" on pages 70 to 72 of KBC Bank's 2023 Annual 
Report. KBC Bank's 2023 Annual Report is incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus as set 
out in the section "Documents incorporated by Reference". 
Liquidity risk can be sub-divided in contingency liquidity risk, structural liquidity risk and day-to-day 
liquidity risk:

--- Page 18 ---
- 14 - 
 
Contingency liquidity risk is the risk occurring when the KBC Bank Group may not be able to 
attract additional funds or replace maturing liabilities under stressed market conditions. This 
risk, assessed on the basis of liquidity stress tests, relates to changes to the liquidity buffer of 
a bank under extreme stressed scenarios. 
 
Structural liquidity risk is the risk occurring when the KBC Bank Group's long-term assets and 
liabilities might not be refinanced or financed on time or can only be refinanced at a higher-
than-expected cost. Typical for banking operations, funding sources generally have a shorter 
maturity than the assets that are funded, leading to a negative net liquidity gap in the shorter 
time buckets and a positive net liquidity gap in the longer-term buckets. This creates liquidity 
risk if the Group would be unable to renew maturing short-term funding. 
 
Day-to-day liquidity risk is the risk occurring when the KBC Bank Group's operational liquidity 
management cannot ensure that a sufficient buffer is available at all times to deal with extreme 
liquidity events in which no wholesale funding can be rolled over. 
Notwithstanding the changes in central bank policies and increased market volatility, the KBC Bank 
Group continues to operate with a strong funding and liquidity position thanks to its loyal customer 
base. However, in view of rapidly changing market circumstances and increased mobility of funding 
sources (because of  digitalisation and social media), the liquidity positions can rapidly deteriorate.
Market risk in trading activities - low risk 
The KBC Bank Group is exposed to market risks via the trading activities of its dealing rooms in 
Belgium, the Czech Republic, Slovakia, Bulgaria and Hungary, as well as via a minor presence in the 
United Kingdom and Asia. Wherever possible and practical, the residual trading positions of the KBC 
Bank Group's foreign entities are systematically transferred to KBC Bank, reflecting that the KBC Bank 
Group's trading activity is managed centrally both from a business and a risk management perspective. 
Consequently, KBC Bank holds about 98% of the trading-book-related regulatory capital of the KBC 
Bank Group. 
Market risk exposures in the trading book are measured by the Historical Value-at-Risk ("HVaR") 
method, which is defined as an estimate of the amount of economic value that might be lost due to 
market risk over a defined holding period. The KBC Bank Group uses the historical simulation method, 
based on patterns of experience over the previous two years. The KBC Bank Group's HVaR estimate, 
calculated on the basis of a one-day holding period, was EUR 8 million as at 31 December 2023, and 
varied between EUR 4 million and EUR 10 million during the financial year of 2023. The HVaR model 
is used to calculate the vast majority of the total market risk RWA of KBC, which, as reflected in KBC 
Bank's 2023 Annual Report amounts to around 3% of KBC Group's total RWA underlining the low risk 
appetite for this activity. 
Credit ratings - low risk 
The credit ratings of the KBC Bank Group are important to maintain access to key markets and trading 
counterparties. Please also refer to the section entitled "Credit ratings" in the section "Information 
relating to KBC Bank" of this Base Prospectus for an overview of the KBC Bank Group's current credit 
ratings. 
Any failure by the KBC Bank Group to maintain its credit ratings could adversely impact the competitive 
position of the KBC Bank Group, make entering into hedging transactions more difficult and increase 
borrowing costs or limit access to the capital markets or the ability of the KBC Bank Group to engage 
in funding transactions. In connection with certain trading agreements, the KBC Bank Group might also 
be required, if its current ratings are not maintained, to provide additional collateral. 
Capital adequacy - low risk

--- Page 19 ---
- 15 - 
The requirements of Directive 2013/36/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 
2013 on access to the activity of credit institutions and the prudential supervision of credit institutions 
and investment firms, as last amended by Directive (EU) 2021/1338 of 16 February 2021 and as may 
be further amended or replaced from time to time (CRD) include a capital conservation buffer and, in 
certain circumstances, a systemic buffer and/or a countercyclical buffer which come on top of the 
minimum requirements. These additional requirements have an impact on the Issuers and their 
operations, as it imposes higher capital requirements. In addition, capital requirements will increase if 
economic conditions or trends in the financial markets worsen and, as such, further capital increases 
may be difficult to achieve or only be raised at high costs in the context of adverse market 
circumstances. The Basel III post-crisis reforms (commonly referred to as Basel IV) will apply when 
these are transposed into the Capital Requirements Regulation (CRR). The Basel IV impact on risk 
weighted assets (RWA) will be phased-in. 
Banks are also subject to the Bank Recovery & Resolution Directive (BRRD) which imposes, inter alia, 
Minimum Requirement for Own Funds and Eligible Liabilities (MREL) requirements: Banks need to 
hold a certain amount of MREL instruments vs. their RWA (MREL in % of RWA) and vs. the size of 
their balance sheet (MREL in % of Leverage Ratio Exposure). The nominal amount of required MREL 
instruments therefore fluctuates with changes in RWA or Leverage Ratio Exposure, or because 
resolution authorities impose different MREL targets on institutions. Finally, MREL instruments have a 
maturity date. This all implies that banks have a continuous need to issue MREL instruments in order 
to maintain compliance with regulatory requirements in this respect. 
Any failure of the Issuers to meet the regulatory capital ratios could result in administrative actions or 
sanctions or it ultimately being subject to any resolution action, which may impact the Issuers or the 
Issuers’ ability to meet their financial obligations. 
Please refer to the section entitled "Banking supervision and regulation" in the section "Information 
relating to the Issuers' business" of this Base Prospectus in which a broader overview of the capital 
adequacy requirements is provided.

--- Page 20 ---
- 16 - 
RISK FACTORS RELATING TO THE SAVINGS CERTIFICATES
RISKS RELATING TO THE NATURE OF THE SAVINGS CERTIFICATES
Risks related to the trading market and liquidity of the Savings Certificates 
The Savings Certificates are not listed on a regulated market or a multilateral trading facility (or any 
other market).  
If a holder wants to sell a Savings Certificate prior to the maturity date of the Savings Certificate, it can 
offer such Savings Certificate to the relevant Issuer, however the relevant Issuer does not have any 
obligation to repurchase the Savings Certificates and the relevant Issuer does not undertake to 
repurchase the Savings Certificates. Even if the relevant Issuer may in practice repurchase the Savings 
Certificates, there is no guarantee or legal obligation that the relevant Issuer will continue to repurchase 
the Savings Certificates. The amount at which the Savings Certificates will be repurchased will depend 
on the prevailing interest rates and the costs and fees charged by the relevant Issuer and the 
repurchase price in the secondary market (if any) may therefore be lower than the par value. Such 
costs of early repurchase may change over time and investors should inform themselves about the 
prevailing conditions at the time they request a repurchase. If the relevant Issuer were to repurchase 
the Savings Certificates, a repurchase price will be proposed to the investor and subject to its 
acceptance. If there would be a capital gain for the client, this capital gain will be submitted to 
withholding tax. The investors may be able to sell the Savings Certificates to other investors (other 
than the relevant Issuer), but there is no guarantee that the investors will at any given time be able to 
find other investors willing to purchase the Savings Certificates. 
Risks related to the exercise of the bail-in resolution tool in respect of the Savings Certificates 
(for amounts not protected by the deposit protection scheme) 
The Banking Recovery and Resolution Directive ("BRRD") aims to provide supervisory and resolution 
authorities with common tools and powers to address banking crises pre-emptively in order to 
safeguard financial stability and minimise taxpayers' exposure to losses. 
This means that the holders of the Savings Certificates may lose some or all of their investment 
(including outstanding principal and accrued but unpaid interest) as a result of the exercise by the 
Relevant Resolution Authority of the "bail-in" resolution tool, for those amounts that are not protected 
by the deposit protection regime. This tool may be exercised in respect of Savings Certificates. 
The "bail-in" resolution tool is exercised by the Relevant Resolution Authority that has the power to 
bail-in (i.e., write down or convert) liabilities more subordinated than the Savings Certificates, if any 
(such as the claims of non-preferred creditors of the relevant Issuer) and preferred senior debt (such 
as the Savings Certificates), after having written down or converted Tier 1 capital instruments and Tier 
2 capital instruments. The bail-in power enables the Relevant Resolution Authority to recapitalise a 
failing institution by allocating losses to its shareholders and unsecured creditors (including the holders 
of Savings Certificates) in a manner which is consistent with the hierarchy of claims in an insolvency 
of a relevant financial institution. The bail-in power includes the power to cancel a liability or modify the 
terms of contracts for the purposes of deferring the liabilities of the relevant financial institution and the 
power to convert a liability from one form to another. 
In summary (and subject to the implementing rules), the Relevant Resolution Authority is able to 
exercise its bail-in powers if the following (cumulative) conditions are met:

--- Page 21 ---
- 17 - 
(a) 
the determination that the relevant Issuer is failing or is likely to fail has been made by the 
relevant regulator or the Relevant Resolution Authority (in each case, after consulting each 
other), which means that one or more of the following circumstances are present: 
(i) 
the relevant Issuer infringes or there are objective elements to support a determination 
that the relevant Issuer will, in the near future, infringe the requirements for continuing 
authorisation in a way that would justify the withdrawal of the authorisation by the 
competent authority, including but not limited to because the relevant Issuer has 
incurred or is likely to incur losses that will deplete all or a significant amount of its own 
funds; 
(ii) 
the assets of the relevant Issuer are or there are objective elements to support a 
determination that the assets of the relevant Issuer will, in the near future, be less than 
its liabilities; 
(iii) 
the relevant Issuer is or there are objective elements to support a determination that 
the relevant Issuer will, in the near future, be unable to pay its debts or other liabilities 
as they fall due; 
(iv) 
the relevant Issuer requests extraordinary public financial support; 
(b) 
having regard to timing and other relevant circumstances, there is no reasonable prospect that 
any alternative private sector measures or supervisory action taken in respect of the relevant 
Issuer would prevent the failure of the relevant Issuer within a reasonable timeframe; and 
(c) 
a resolution action is necessary in the public interest. 
The BRRD specifies that governments will only be entitled to use public money to rescue credit 
institutions if a minimum of 8% of the own funds and total liabilities have been written down, converted 
or bailed in or, by way of derogation, if the contribution to loss absorption and recapitalisation is equal 
to an amount not less than 20% of risk-weighted assets and certain additional conditions are met. 
The exercise by the Relevant Resolution Authority of its resolution powers (including the statutory loss 
absorption powers) in relation to the Savings Certificates, or the (perceived) prospect of such exercise, 
could have a material adverse effect on the value of such Savings Certificates and could lead to the 
holders of such Savings Certificates losing some or all of their investment in their Savings Certificates 
(subject to the application of the deposit protection regime). 
Furthermore, it should be noted that, on 18 April 2023, the European Commission adopted a proposal 
to adjust and further strengthen the EU's existing bank crisis management and deposit insurance (the 
"CMDI Proposal") framework, with a focus on medium-sized and smaller banks. The proposal would 
enable authorities to organise the orderly market exit for a failing bank of any size and business model, 
with a broad range of tools. In particular, it would facilitate the use of industry-funded safety nets to 
shield depositors in banking crises, such as by transferring them from an ailing bank to a healthy one. 
Such use of safety nets must only be a complement to the banks' internal loss absorption capacity, 
which remains the first line of defence. If implemented as proposed, this may have an impact on the 
current supervisory and resolution powers applicable to credit institutions (such as the Issuers). The 
current CMDI Proposal proposes (i) to abolish the 'super-preference' of deposit guarantee schemes in 
order to extend the privilege of depositors to a broader group of depositors that currently benefit from 
the privilege (this would mean that the privilege no longer only applies to depositors for deposits 
protected by the deposit protection regime); (ii) to create a single-tier ranking for all deposits (covered 
deposits and deposit guarantee schemes' claims, non-covered deposits of households and small and 
medium enterprises, other non-covered deposits); and (iii) all deposits relative to ordinary unsecured 
claims would be preferred. Nevertheless, even though such legislative reform is aimed at improving 
the situation of depositors and holders of Savings Certificates, it is uncertain what the final legislative 
texts will provide and what their impact will be.

--- Page 22 ---
- 18 - 
With respect to the Savings Certificates, it should be noted that savings certificates issued by Belgian 
credit institutions, such as the Savings Certificates to be issued under this Base Prospectus, are to be 
considered as a "deposit" for purposes of the application of the Belgian deposit protection regime. As 
a result, the Savings Certificates are, subject to certain conditions, protected by the Belgian deposit 
protection 
regime. 
More 
information 
in 
this 
respect 
can 
be 
found 
on 
the 
website 
www.garantiefonds.belgium.be (the information on this website does not form part of, and is not 
incorporated by reference into, this Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the 
FSMA). The capital invested via the Savings Certificate (the principal amount) should be repaid by the 
relevant Issuer on the Maturity Date of the relevant Savings Certificate. If the relevant Issuer defaults 
on this payment obligation (e.g. as a result of a bankruptcy of the Issuer) and once an additional 
payment term has expired (currently 20 business days), the Savings Certificate is protected by the 
Savings Certificate for an amount of up to EUR 100,000 per person. The amount protected by the 
deposit protection regime is not subject to the "bail-in" resolution tool. However, it should be stressed 
that the maximum amount of EUR 100,000 protected under the Belgian deposit protection regime is 
calculated per person and per credit institution for the aggregate amount of all eligible deposits held by 
the relevant person with the relevant credit institution. This means that the aggregate amount of the 
Savings Certificates and other eligible deposits held by the relevant person with the relevant credit 
institution should be calculated. Legal persons holding the Savings Certificates should assess whether 
they are eligible for the Belgian deposit protection regime, as this eligibility is subject to certain 
conditions. 
A holder's return on the Savings Certificates may be affected by inflation 
The real return which an investor will receive on its Savings Certificates may be affected by inflation. 
Inflation risk is the risk that the future real value of an investment will be reduced by inflation over time, 
which could be caused by an increase in prices or a decrease in the value of money. Where inflation 
is high, as is the case in the current economic climate, it is possible that the real return which an investor 
will receive on its Savings Certificates will be reduced or will even be negative. 
The market value of an issue of Savings Certificates can be affected by various factors 
The market value of an issue of Savings Certificates will be affected by a number of factors, including, 
but not limited to, market interest and yield rates, volatility in the market, the creditworthiness of the 
relevant Issuer, the time remaining to any redemption date or maturity date, and economic, financial 
and political events in one or more jurisdictions. The price at which a holder will be able to sell any 
Savings Certificates prior to maturity may be at a discount, which could be substantial, to the market 
value of such Savings Certificates on the issue date. Potential investors should consider reinvestment 
risk in light of other investments available at that time. 
A holder's actual yield on the Savings Certificates may be reduced from the stated yield by 
transaction costs  
When Savings Certificates are purchased or sold, several types of incidental costs (including 
transaction fees and commissions) are incurred in addition to the current price of the security. These 
incidental costs may significantly reduce or even exclude the profit potential of the Savings Certificates. 
Certain fees and costs are set out in this Base Prospectus (such as transaction fees or transfer fees, 
see section "Terms and Conditions of the Offer"), but there may be other fees and costs which may 
impact the holders' actual yield. In addition to such fees directly related to the purchase or transfer of 
securities (direct costs), holders of Savings Certificates must also take into account any other costs 
(such as custody fees). Investors should inform themselves about any additional costs which they may 
incur in connection with the purchase, transfer, custody or sale of the Savings Certificates before 
investing in the Savings Certificates.

--- Page 23 ---
- 19 - 
Risks related to reinvesting risk 
Holders are exposed to the reinvestment risk in several situations. For example, reinvestment risk 
arises in a declining interest rate environment because holders of Savings Certificates will only be able 
to reinvest the principal and/or interest paid to them at lower interest rates compared to the interest 
rates prevailing at the time they subscribed the Savings Certificates. 
Risks related to tax position of the investors and change of tax law 
Investors should note that the tax legislation of the investor's Member State and of the Issuers' country 
of incorporation (Belgium) may have an impact on the income received from the securities. In case of 
doubt in respect of the risks associated with the Savings Certificates and in order to assess their 
adequacy with their personal risk profile, investors should consult their own tax experts about the risks 
associated with an investment in these Savings Certificates. 
The Conditions of the Savings Certificates are, save to the extent referred to therein, based on 
legislation in effect as at the date of issue of the Savings Certificates. No assurance can be given as 
to the impact of any possible judicial decision or changes to the laws in Belgium, other jurisdictions 
(such as FATCA under US law) or on a supranational level (e.g. the EU Financial Transaction Tax) or 
in the administrative practice after the date of issue of the Savings Certificates. Investors should note 
that the provisions of the Conditions contain certain provisions dealing with a change of law. Such 
provisions will be applied in accordance with the law in force at the relevant time. 
In addition, any relevant tax law or practice applicable as at the date of this Base Prospectus and/or 
the date of purchase or subscription of the Savings Certificates may change at any time (including 
during any subscription period or the term of the Savings Certificates). Any such change may have an 
adverse effect on a holder, including that the Savings Certificates may be redeemed before their due 
date, their liquidity may decrease and/or the tax treatment of amounts payable or receivable by or to 
an affected holder may be less than otherwise expected by such holder of Savings Certificates. 
Risks related to the terms of the Savings Certificates 
There is no limitation on the entry into, issuing or guaranteeing of debt ranking pari passu with 
the Savings Certificates, which may be required because of regulatory requirements, and any 
future debt may be on better terms than the Savings Certificates 
There is no restriction in the Conditions on the amount of debt which the relevant Issuer may enter into, 
issue or guarantee. The relevant Issuer may incur additional indebtedness or grant guarantees in 
respect of indebtedness or guarantees of third parties, including indebtedness and guarantees that 
rank pari passu with the Savings Certificates, which may have better terms than the Savings 
Certificates (e.g. in relation to events of default and covenants). The issue of any such securities or the 
incurrence of any such other liabilities may reduce the amount (if any) recoverable by holders in case 
of default or insolvency. If the relevant Issuer's financial condition were to deteriorate, the holders could 
suffer direct and materially adverse consequences, including reduction of interest and principal and, if 
the relevant Issuer were to be liquidated (whether voluntarily or involuntarily), the holders could suffer 
loss of their entire investment. 
The incurrence of additional indebtedness may be required based on regulatory requirements. In order 
to make the bail-in power under the BRRD effective, credit institutions (including the Issuers) must at 
all times meet a MREL so that there is sufficient capital and liabilities available to stabilise and 
recapitalise failing credit institutions. 
The Conditions of the Savings Certificates do not contain covenants 
The Conditions of the Savings Certificates place no restrictions on the amount of debt that the relevant 
Issuer may issue. The issue of any such debt or securities may impact the amount recoverable by

--- Page 24 ---
- 20 - 
holders upon liquidation or resolution of the relevant Issuer. In this respect, please also refer to the risk 
factor entitled "There is no limitation on the entry into, issuing or guaranteeing of debt ranking pari 
passu with the Savings Certificates, which may be required because of regulatory requirements, and 
any future debt may be on better terms than the Savings Certificates". 
In addition, the Savings Certificates do not require the relevant Issuer to comply with financial ratios or 
otherwise limit its ability or that of its respective subsidiaries to incur additional debt, nor do they limit 
the Issuer's ability or that of its respective subsidiaries to use cash to make investments or acquisitions, 
or the ability of the Issuer or its respective subsidiaries to pay dividends, repurchase shares or 
otherwise distribute cash to shareholders. Such actions could potentially affect the relevant Issuer's 
ability to service its respective debt obligations, including those of the Savings Certificates. 
No tax gross-up obligation 
Investors should be aware that pursuant to the Conditions of the Savings Certificates there are no 
gross-up payments in respect of the Savings Certificates. This means that if additional taxes are 
imposed in respect of the Savings Certificates, there is no obligation for the relevant Issuer to 
compensate the investors for any additional tax charge that they would incur as a result of such 
additional taxes. 
No holder of Savings Certificates may exercise or claim any right of set-off, netting, 
compensation or retention in respect of any amount owed to it by the relevant Issuer arising 
under or in connection with the Savings Certificates 
Subject to applicable law, no holder may exercise or claim any right of set-off, netting, compensation 
or retention in respect of any amount owed to it by the relevant Issuer arising under or in connection 
with the Savings Certificates and each holder of Savings Certificates shall, by virtue of its subscription, 
purchase or holding of a Savings Certificate, be deemed to have waived all such rights of set-off, 
netting, compensation and retention. 
Issuer substitution 
Pursuant to Condition 17 (Substitution), in case of dissolution, liquidation, reconstruction, merger, 
amalgamation or any other kind of legal reorganisation, the relevant Issuer may, without any further 
consent or cooperation from the holders of the Savings Certificates, at any time, procure that any 
affiliated or associated corporation of the relevant Issuer is substituted for the relevant Issuer as the 
debtor under the Conditions to be offered by assigning all its rights and obligations to such other 
corporation, provided that certain preconditions are fulfilled (including the requirement the substituted 
Issuer must have a long-term debt rating of at least the same level as the one of the relevant Issuer at 
the time of substitution). Notwithstanding each of these preconditions being satisfied prior to any such 
substitution, there can be no guarantee that any such substitution will not have an adverse effect on 
the price of the Savings Certificates and subsequently lead to losses for the holders of the Savings 
Certificates if they sell the Savings Certificates.

--- Page 25 ---
- 21 - 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE
This section incorporates by reference selected publicly available information regarding the Issuers 
that should be read in conjunction with this Base Prospectus. 
The following documents, which have previously been published or are published simultaneously with 
this Base Prospectus, shall be incorporated by reference in, and form part of, this Base Prospectus: 
KBC Bank’s annual report for the financial year ended 31 December 2022 (FY 2022)1 and the 
Issuer's annual report for the financial year ended 31 December 2023 (FY 2023)2, which includes 
the following information (without limitation): 
FY 2022
FY 2023
Report of the Board of Directors
Group profile 
p. 6 – 32
p. 6 – 31
Review of the consolidated financial statements 
p. 33 – 36
p. 32 – 35
Review of the business units 
p. 37 – 42
p. 36 – 41
Risk management 
p. 43 – 79
p. 42 – 72
Capital adequacy 
p. 80 – 83
p. 73 – 76
Corporate governance statement 
p. 84 – 91
p. 77 – 84
Consolidated financial statements (IFRS)
Consolidated income statement 
p. 93
p. 86
Consolidated statement of comprehensive income 
p. 94 – 95
p. 87 – 88
Consolidated balance sheet 
p. 96
p. 89
Consolidated statement of changes in equity 
p. 97 – 98
p. 90 – 91
Consolidated cashflow statement 
p. 99 – 100
p. 92 – 93
Explanatory notes on the accounting policies, segment 
reporting, income statement, financial assets and liabilities on 
the balance sheet, other balance sheet items, and other notes
p. 101 – 179
p. 94 – 168
Statutory auditor's report on the consolidated accounts 
p. 180 – 186
p. 169 – 175
Non-consolidated statutory annual accounts (Belgian GAAP) 
Balance sheet after profit appropriation 
 p. 191 – 193
 p. 180 – 182
Income statement 
p. 194 – 195
p. 183 – 184
Appropriation account 
p. 196
p. 185
Explanatory notes 
p. 197 – 264
p. 186 – 254
Social balance sheet 
p. 265 – 268
p. 255 – 257
Statutory auditor's report on the non-consolidated statutory 
annual accounts 
p. 281 – 288
p. 270 – 276
Ratios used 
p. 293 – 295
p. 287 – 289
Page references are to the English language PDF version of the relevant documents incorporated by reference.  
1 https://www.kbc.com/content/dam/kbccom/doc/investor-relations/Results/jvs-2022/jvs-2022-bnk-en.pdf
2 https://www.kbc.com/content/dam/kbccom/doc/investor-relations/Results/jvs-2023/jvs-2023-bnk-en.pdf

--- Page 26 ---
- 22 - 
CBC Banque’s annual report for the financial year ended 31 December 2022 (FY 2022)3 and CBC 
Banque’s annual report for the financial year ended 31 December 2023 (FY 2023)4, which 
includes the following information (without limitation):
FY 2022 
FY 2023 
CBC, en bref (CBC in brief) 
CBC, côté clients 
CBC, côté valeurs 
CBC, côté collaborateurs 
p. 7 – 11 
p. 12 – 17 
p. 18 – 26 
p. 27 – 33 
p. 7 – 11 
p. 12 – 17 
p. 18 – 28 
p. 29 – 37 
Rapport de Gestion (Management Report) 
p. 34 – 42 
p. 38 – 46 
La gestion des risques et les structures de contrôle (Risk 
management and control structure) 
p. 42 – 57 
p. 47 – 63 
Renseignements concernant l’administration, la direction et la 
surveillance de CBC Banque (Information concerning 
administration, management and supervision) 
p. 58 – 67 
p. 64 – 73 
Données complémentaires (Additional data) 
p. 67 – 70 
p. 74 – 76 
Comptes annuels (Annual Accounts) 
Bilan social (Social Report) 
Résumé des règles d’évaluation (Summary of the valuation 
rules) 
Rapports du Commissaire Agréé (Independent Auditor’s 
Report) 
Annexes (Appendices) 
p. 71 – 121 
p. 122 – 125 
p. 126 – 129 
p. 130 – 137 
p. 138 – 144 
p. 77 – 127 
p. 128 – 131 
p. 132 – 135 
p. 136 – 143 
p. 144 – 149 
Page references are to the French language PDF version of the relevant document incorporated by reference. 
Copies of documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus can also be obtained from the 
registered office of the relevant Issuer. 
The documents incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus may contain further references or 
hyperlinks to other documents or websites. Such further references or hyperlinks are not incorporated 
by reference and do not form part of this Base Prospectus, and have not been scrutinised or approved 
by the FSMA. In case there is only reference to certain parts of a document in the above mentioned 
documents, the non-incorporated parts, to the extent they are not explained elsewhere in the Base 
Prospectus, are not relevant for investors. 
3 https://multimediafiles.kbcgroup.eu/ng/published/CBC/PDF/cbc-rapport-annuel-AA-fr-2022.pdf
4 https://multimediafiles.kbcgroup.eu/ng/published/CBC/PDF/cbc-rapport-annuel-AA-fr-2023.pdf

--- Page 27 ---
- 23 - 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SAVINGS CERTIFICATES
This section sets out the contractual terms and conditions of the Savings Certificates. 
KBC Bank NV and CBC Banque SA (each, individually, an "Issuer") have each established a savings 
certificates issuance programme (hereinafter the "Programme") for the issuance of savings certificates 
(kasbons/bons de caisse) in dematerialised form governed by Belgian law (hereinafter the "Savings 
Certificates"). 
The terms and conditions of the Savings Certificates of each Issuer (the "Conditions", each chapter 
or subchapter individually referred to as "Condition") will be governed by the conditions set out below, 
as supplemented or varied in accordance with the provisions of the relevant Final Terms (in the form 
annexed to these Conditions). 
The Savings Certificates will be issued in series (each a "Series"). The Savings Certificates of a 
particular Series will having the same characteristics with respect to maturity and interest rates. 
In the event of any inconsistency between the provisions of the relevant Final Terms of a Series and 
the other provisions of this Base Prospectus and the Programme of the relevant Issuer, the Final Terms 
will prevail. All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Conditions will have the meanings given 
to them in the relevant Final Terms. 
Where these Conditions refer to any computation of a term or period of time, article 1.7 of the Belgian 
Civil Code shall not apply. 
Any Condition may derogate either expressly or implicitly from applicable legal provisions. Even if there 
is no express derogation from a specific legal provision, the relevant Condition may still implicitly 
derogate from legal provisions (for instance by providing for a different contractual regime). 
1. 
DEFINITIONS AND INTERPRETATION
1.1 
Definitions 
In these Conditions, the following expressions have the following meanings: 
"Bail-in Power" means any write-down, conversion, transfer, modification or suspension power 
existing from time to time under, and exercised in compliance with, any laws, regulations (including 
delegated or implementing measures such regulatory technical standards), requirements, guidelines, 
rules, standards and policies relating to the resolution of credit institutions, investment firms and their 
parent undertakings, and minimum requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities and/or loss 
absorbing capacity instruments of the Kingdom of Belgium, the NBB (or any successor or replacement 
entity having primary responsibility for the prudential oversight and supervision of the relevant Issuer), 
the Relevant Resolution Authority, the Financial Stability Board and/or of the European Parliament or 
of the Council of the European Union then in effect in the Kingdom of Belgium, pursuant to which 
obligations of the relevant Issuer can be reduced (in part or in whole), cancelled, suspended, 
transferred, varied or otherwise varied in any way, or securities of the relevant Issuer can be written 
down and/or converted into shares, other securities or other obligations of the relevant Issuer or any 
other person, whether in connection with the implementation of a bail-in power following placement in 
resolution or otherwise. 
"Banking Law" means the Belgian law of 25 April 2014 on the status and supervision of credit 
institutions. 
"Belgian Civil Code" means the Belgian Civil Code (Burgerlijk Wetboek/Code Civil) of 13 April 2019.

--- Page 28 ---
- 24 - 
"Business Day" means a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which (i) commercial banks are 
open for general business in Belgium and (ii) the real-time gross settlement system owned and 
operated by the Eurosystem, or any successor or replacement thereto, is open. 
"Calculation Period" means, in respect of any calculation of interest, the period from (and including) 
the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Issue Date) to (but excluding) the relevant 
payment date. 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any Savings 
Certificate for the Calculation Period, such day count fraction as may be specified in the Terms and 
Conditions or the applicable Final Terms: 
(a) 
if Actual/Actual or Actual/Actual (ISDA) is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual 
number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Calculation 
Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (i) the actual number of days in that portion of the 
Calculation Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (ii) the actual number of days in 
that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(b) 
if Actual/365 (Fixed) is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in 
the Calculation Period divided by 365; 
(c) 
if Actual/360 is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360; 
(d) 
if 30/360, 360/360 or Bond Basis is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of 
days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day of 
the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which 
case D2 will be 30; 
(e) 
if 30E/360 or Eurobond Basis is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days 
in the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
where: 









360
D
D
M
M
30
Y
Y
360
Fraction
Count 
Day 
1
2
1
2
1
2

















360
D
D
M
M
30
Y
Y
360
Fraction
Count 
Day 
1
2
1
2
1
2









--- Page 29 ---
- 25 - 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day of 
the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(f) 
if 30E/360 (ISDA) is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day of 
the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless that day 
is the last day of February or such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Calculation Period, unless that day is the last day of February but not the Maturity Date 
or such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; and 
(g) 
if 1/1 is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 1. 
"Euro" or "euro" means the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic 
and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty establishing the European Community, as amended, 
supplemented and/or replaced from time to time. 
"Event of Default" has the meaning given in Condition 12 (Events of Default). 
"Fixed Coupon Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Interest Payment Date" means, in respect of each Series of Savings Certificates, the date as set out 
in the relevant Final Terms with respect to that Series of Savings Certificates. 
"ISDA" means the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, or any successor organisation. 









360
D
D
M
M
30
Y
Y
360
Fraction
Count 
Day 
1
2
1
2
1
2









--- Page 30 ---
- 26 - 
"Issue Date" means, in respect of a Series of Savings Certificates, the issue date as set out in the 
relevant Final Terms with respect to that Series of Savings Certificates. 
"Maturity Date" means, in respect of a Series of Savings Certificates, the maturity date as set out in 
the relevant Final Terms with respect to that Series of Savings Certificates. 
"Preceding Business Day Convention" means that the relevant date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day. 
"Rate of Interest" means, in respect of a Series of Savings Certificate, the rate of interest payable from 
time to time as set out in the relevant Final Terms with respect to that Series of Savings Certificates. 
"Relevant Amounts" means the principal amount of, and/or interest on, the Savings Certificates. 
These amounts include amounts that have become due and payable but which have prior to the 
exercise of the Bail-in Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority not yet been paid. 
"Relevant Resolution Authority" means the Single Resolution Board established by Regulation (EU) 
No 806/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 July 2014 and/or any other authority 
entitled to exercise or participate in the exercise of the bail-in power from time to time (including the 
Council of the European Union and the European Commission when acting pursuant to article 18 of 
the Single Resolution Mechanism Regulation). 
1.2 
Interpretation 
In these Conditions, any reference to any code, law, decree, regulation, directive or any implementing 
or other legislative measure shall be construed as a reference to such code, law, decree, regulation, 
directive or implementing or other legislative measure as the same may be amended, supplemented, 
restated or replaced from time to time. 
2. 
TYPE, FORM, DENOMINATION AND TITLE
2.1 
Savings Certificates 
(a) 
The Savings Certificates under the Programme are issued as Belgian savings certificates 
(kasbons/bons de caisse). The Savings Certificates are a type of debt instrument. 
(b) 
The holder purchasing the Savings Certificates makes an investment that represents a loan 
made to the relevant Issuer, whereby the relevant Issuer undertakes to pay an interest on such 
loan and to repay the principal amount in its entirety on the Maturity Date (as defined below). 
(c) 
The Savings Certificates are transferable securities that can be transferred by the Savings 
Certificates' holder to a third party.  
2.2 
Form 
(a) 
The Savings Certificates are issued in dematerialised form in accordance with article 7:35 of 
the Belgian Code of Companies and Association. 
(b) 
The Savings Certificates are issued in dematerialised form and are registered in a securities 
account held by the holder of the Savings Certificates. 
(c) 
A conversion of Savings Certificates in dematerialised form into registered form can always be 
requested by the relevant holder. 
(d) 
The relevant Issuer is a recognised account holder for purposes article 7:35 Belgian Code of 
Companies and Association and acts as the head of pyramid in respect of the Savings 
Certificates issued by it. The relevant Issuer centralises all operations with respect to the 
Savings Certificates, such as the payment of interest and redemption payments, also if the

--- Page 31 ---
- 27 - 
relevant Savings Certificates would have been transferred by the holder to another financial 
institution for custody. With respect to the securities registered in book-entry form (the Savings 
Certificates in dematerialised form), the relevant Issuer is the entity in charge of keeping the 
records (name and address: respectively KBC Bank NV, Havenlaan 2, 1080 Brussels and CBC 
Banque SA, Avenue Albert 1ER, 60, 5000 Namur). 
2.3 
Denomination 
Savings Certificates will have a denomination of EUR 1 (the "Specified Denomination") with 
a minimum investment per holder of EUR 500, and increments of EUR 1 in excess thereof. 
2.4 
Security identifier 
The Savings Certificates of a particular Series will be allocated an international security 
identification number ("ISIN Code"). 
3. 
CURRENCY OF THE SAVINGS CERTIFICATES
The Savings Certificates are issued in euro. 
4. 
STATUS OF THE SAVINGS CERTIFICATES
4.1 
Status of the Savings Certificates as senior preferred liabilities 
(a) 
The Savings Certificates represent debt obligations of the relevant Issuer and do not form part 
of the capital or own funds of the relevant Issuer. The holder of the Savings Certificates has a 
contractual claim (receivable) against the relevant Issuer for the repayment of the principal 
amount of the Savings Certificates at the conditions as set out in these Conditions and the 
relevant Final Terms. 
(b) 
On 31 July 2017, Belgium adopted a legislation establishing a new category of debt securities 
available to credit institutions. The law provides for a new article 389/1 into the Banking Law. 
In particular, article 389/1 aims at increasing the effectiveness of the bail-in tool and introduces 
a new category of claims in the statutory creditor hierarchy in the case of a liquidation procedure 
(liquidatieprocedure/procédure de liquidation) of a credit institution. Article 389/1 of the Banking 
Law now divides senior notes into: (i) senior preferred liabilities, retaining the same ranking as 
the previous senior notes; and (ii) senior non-preferred notes. Senior non-preferred notes are 
direct, unconditional, senior, and unsecured (chirografair/chirographaire) obligations. In the 
case of liquidation, they will rank senior to subordinated notes but junior to both ordinary senior 
preferred notes and to claims benefiting from legal or statutory preferences. Furthermore, 
senior non-preferred notes must have the following characteristics: they may not contain 
embedded derivatives or be derivatives themselves; their maturity may not be less than one 
year; 
and 
their 
terms 
must 
expressly 
provide 
that 
the 
claim 
is 
unsecured 
(chirografair/chirographaire) and that their ranking is as set forth in article 389/1, 2° of the 
Banking Law. 
(c) 
The Savings Certificates rank as senior preferred notes and the payments of principal and 
interest relating to them are direct, unconditional and unsecured obligations of the relevant 
Issuer and rank at all times pari passu, without any preference among themselves, with all 
other outstanding unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the relevant Issuer as referred 
under article 389/1, 1° of the Banking Law (senior preferred obligations), present and future, 
but, in the event of insolvency, only to the extent permitted by laws relating to creditors' rights. 
Senior preferred obligations have a higher priority ranking than the above-mentioned senior 
non-preferred obligations that are defined under article 389/1, 2° of the Banking Law.

--- Page 32 ---
- 28 - 
4.2 
Deposit protection, bail-in and special priority lien in accordance with article 389, §2 of 
the Banking Law 
(a) 
The Savings Certificates benefit from a protection under the Belgian deposit protection scheme 
granted by the Belgian Guarantee Fund (Garantiefonds/Fonds de Garantie), subject to a 
limitation of EUR 100,000 (it being understood that this limitation applies to all deposits, 
including Savings Certificates, with a financial institution, held by a depositor).  
(b) 
It should be noted that the deposit protection for Savings Certificates only applies in respect of 
the Savings Certificates in dematerialised form, to the extent that these Savings Certificates in 
dematerialised form are held on a securities account in the name of an account holder eligible 
for deposit protection in accordance with the conditions of the Belgian deposit protection 
scheme.  
(c) 
With respect to Savings Certificates converted in Savings Certificates in registered form at the 
request of the holder (in accordance with Condition 2.2(c)), it should be noted that such Savings 
Certificates are eligible for deposit protection in accordance with the conditions of the Belgian 
deposit protection scheme, provided that the Savings Certificates are registered in the name 
of an account holder eligible for deposit protection in accordance with the conditions of the 
Belgian deposit protection scheme. 
(d) 
For amounts not protected by the deposit protection scheme, the Bail-In Power shall apply. 
(e) 
In accordance with and subject to the conditions set out in article 389, §2 of the Banking Law, 
"eligible deposits" held by individuals (physical persons) and small and medium enterprises 
including Savings Certificates benefit from a special priority lien on all assets of the relevant 
Issuer for the amounts in excess of the amount covered by the deposit protection scheme (such 
lien ranking after the lien for the benefit of the Belgian Guarantee Fund for claims in the amounts 
covered by the deposit protection scheme). 
5. 
WAIVER OF SET-OFF
Subject to applicable law, no Savings Certificates' holder may exercise or claim any right of set-off, 
netting, compensation, or retention in respect of any amount owed to it by the relevant Issuer arising 
under or in connection with the Savings Certificates and each holder shall, by virtue of its subscription, 
purchase or holding of a Savings Certificate, be deemed to have waived all such rights of set-off, 
netting, compensation or retention. Notwithstanding the preceding sentence, if any amounts owing to 
any holder by the relevant Issuer is discharged by set-off, netting, compensation or retention, such 
holder shall, unless payment is prohibited by law, immediately pay an amount equal to the amount of 
such discharge to the relevant Issuer or, in the event of its winding-up or administration, the liquidator 
or administrator, as appropriate, of the relevant Issuer for the payment to creditors of the relevant Issuer 
in respect of amounts owing to them by the relevant Issuer and accordingly any such discharge shall 
be deemed not to have taken place. 
6. 
RIGHTS ATTACHED TO THE SAVINGS CERTIFICATES
The Savings Certificates give right to: 
(a) 
the payment of interest (either paid on a periodical basis or capitalised and paid at Maturity 
Date); and 
(b) 
the payment of the redemption amount on the Maturity Date. 
7. 
INTEREST
7.1 
Interest Payment Date

--- Page 33 ---
- 29 - 
The interest can be paid as follows: 
(a) 
on a periodic basis (annually, or with another frequency), as set out in the relevant Final Terms 
with respect to the relevant Series of Savings Certificates; and 
(b) 
capitalised and paid out at the Maturity Date of the relevant Savings Certificates, as set out in 
the relevant Final Terms with respect to the relevant Series of Savings Certificates. 
7.2 
Accrual of Interest 
Each Series of Savings Certificate bears interest from the relevant Issue Date (including) until 
the Maturity Date (not inclusive) at the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to 
the applicable Rate of Interest. 
7.3 
Amount of Interest 
The amount of interest payable in respect of any Savings Certificate for any period for which a 
Fixed Coupon Amount is not specified or not applicable shall be calculated by multiplying the 
product of the Rate of Interest and the Calculation Amount of such Saving Certificate by the 
Day Count Fraction and rounding, if necessary, the resultant figure to the nearest minimum unit 
of the Specified Currency (half of such unit being rounded upwards) and multiplying such 
rounded figure by a fraction equal to the Specified Denomination of such Saving Certificate 
divided by the Calculation Amount. 
8. 
MATURITY DATE
8.1 
The Savings Certificates shall be redeemed on the Maturity Date. The Savings Certificates are 
repaid at 100 per cent. of their nominal amount. The Savings Certificates are repaid in euro on 
the cash account (current or savings account) linked to the securities account of the holder of 
Savings Certificates at the relevant Issuer or at the relevant financial institution for custody, as 
applicable. 
8.2 
The relevant Issuer may, subject to compliance with any applicable laws and regulations, 
repurchase Savings Certificates at any time and at any price, but is not obliged to do so. The 
amount at which the relevant Issuer may agree to repurchase Savings Certificates will depend 
on the prevailing interest rates. A transaction fee of 0.75% of the outstanding principal amount 
will be charged by the relevant Issuer for the repurchase. Such fees in case of repurchase may 
change over time and investors should inform themselves thereof. Savings Certificates 
purchased by the relevant Issuer may be cancelled or held at the option of the relevant Issuer. 
9. 
PAYMENTS
9.1 
Payments subject to fiscal laws 
All payments in respect of the Savings Certificates are subject in all cases to any applicable 
fiscal or other laws and regulations in the place of payment, but without prejudice to the 
provisions of Condition 10 (Taxation).  
9.2 
Payments 
If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Savings Certificate is not a Business 
Day, the payment shall be made in accordance with the Preceding Business Day Convention.  
10. 
TAXATION
10.1 
All payments in respect of the Savings Certificates will be made without withholding or 
deduction for, or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties or charges of whatsoever

--- Page 34 ---
- 30 - 
nature, unless the relevant Issuer, or any other person is required by applicable law to make 
any payment in respect of the Savings Certificates subject to any withholding or deduction for, 
or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties or charges of whatsoever nature. In that 
event, the relevant Issuer, or such other person (as the case may be) shall make such payment 
after such withholding or deduction has been made and shall account to the relevant authorities 
for the amount so required to be withheld or deducted. Neither the relevant Issuer, nor any 
other person will be obliged to gross up the payments in respect of the Savings Certificates or 
to make any additional payments to any Savings Certificates' holders in respect of any such 
withholding or deduction. 
10.2 
The relevant Issuer, or any other person being required to make a tax deduction shall not 
constitute an Event of Default. 
11. 
YIELD AND METHOD OF CALCULATION
The gross actuarial yield is the interest rate "i" (determined based on a numerical procedure) that must 
be utilised in order to ensure that the sum of the discounted future cash-flows consisting of capital and 
gross interest payments (or the discounted cash flow after t years = CFt / (1+i)^t) is equal to the issue 
price if calculated at the value date (issue date). The indication of yield for each Series of Savings 
Certificates is set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
12. 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT
If and only if any of the following events occurs and is continuing (each an "Event of Default"): 
(a) 
default by the relevant Issuer in the payment of principal or interest in respect of the Savings 
Certificates of the relevant Series and such default shall have continued for a period of 30 days; 
(b) 
default by the relevant Issuer in the due performance or observance of any other obligation or 
provision under or in relation to the Savings Certificates of the relevant Series, if such default 
is not cured within 45 days after written notice thereof, addressed to the relevant Issuer by any 
Savings Certificates' holder of the relevant Series, has been delivered to the Issuer. 
(c) 
default by the Issuer in the payment of any amount in respect of any other loan indebtedness 
of or assumed or guaranteed by the relevant Issuer (which indebtedness has an aggregate 
principal amount of at least EUR 50,000,000 or its equivalent in any other currency), when and 
as the same shall become due and payable, if such default shall continue for more than the 
period of grace, if any, originally applicable thereto and the time for payment has not been 
extended, or in the event that any such loan indebtedness shall have become repayable before 
the due date thereof as a result of acceleration of maturity caused by the occurrence of an 
event of default thereunder; 
(d) 
the relevant Issuer is dissolved or wound up or otherwise ceases to exist prior to the redemption 
of all outstanding Savings Certificates; 
(e) 
a court having jurisdiction in the premises enters a decree or order for relief in respect of the 
relevant Issuer in an involuntary case or other proceeding under any applicable bankruptcy, 
insolvency or other similar law now or hereafter in effect, or appointing a trustee, receiver, 
liquidator, custodian, assignee, sequestrator or other similar official of the relevant Issuer or of 
any substantial part of its property, or ordering the winding up or liquidation of its affairs, and 
any such decree or order continues unstayed in effect for a period of 30 consecutive days; 
(f) 
it becomes unlawful for the relevant Issuer to perform any of its obligations under the Savings 
Certificates of the relevant Series or any of its obligations under the Savings Certificates 
relevant Series ceases to be valid, binding or enforceable,

--- Page 35 ---
- 31 - 
then any holder of Savings Certificates may by written notice to the relevant Issuer at its specified office 
declare its Savings Certificate(s) immediately due and payable (unless, such Event of Default shall 
have been remedied prior to the receipt of such notice). Upon any declaration of acceleration properly 
given in accordance with this Condition 12 (Events of Default), the Savings Certificates will become 
immediately due and payable without any further action or formality at their principal amount together 
with accrued interest (if any) on the date that written notice of acceleration is received by the relevant 
Issuer, unless the Event of Default has been remedied or waived prior to the receipt of the notice by 
the Issuer. 
13. 
MEETINGS OF SAVINGS CERTIFICATES' HOLDERS, WRITTEN RESOLUTIONS, MODIFICATIONS AND 
WAIVERS  
13.1 
General 
The following are selected provisions for convening meetings of Savings Certificates' holders 
to consider matters relating to any Series of Savings Certificates with an original stated maturity 
of more than one year, including modifications to the Conditions. 
(a) 
"Cross-series modification" means a modification involving (i) a Series of Savings 
Certificates and (ii) the Savings Certificates of one or more other Series; 
(b) 
"Outstanding" in relation to any Savings Certificate means a Savings Certificate that is 
outstanding for the purposes of Condition 13.10, and in relation to the Savings Certificates of 
any other Series will be determined in accordance with the applicable Conditions of that debt 
security; 
(c) 
"Reserved matter" in relation to a Series of Savings Certificates means the Conditions of such 
Series of Savings Certificates (including the Final Terms relating to such Series of Savings 
Certificates) the modification of which would: 
(i) 
change the date on which any amount is payable on the Savings Certificates; 
(ii) 
reduce any amount, including any overdue amount, payable on the Savings 
Certificates; 
(iii) 
change the method used to calculate any amount payable on the Savings Certificates; 
(iv) 
reduce the redemption price for the Savings Certificates or change any date on which 
the Savings Certificates may be redeemed; 
(v) 
change the currency or place of payment of any amount payable on the Savings 
Certificates; 
(vi) 
impose any condition on or otherwise modify the Issuer's obligation to make payments 
on the Savings Certificates; 
(vii) 
change any payment-related circumstance under which the Savings Certificates may 
be declared due and payable prior to their stated maturity; 
(viii) 
change the seniority or ranking of the Savings Certificates; 
(ix) 
change any court to whose jurisdiction the Issuer has submitted or any immunity waived 
by the relevant Issuer in relation to legal proceedings arising out of or in connection 
with the Savings Certificate; 
(x) 
change the principal amount of outstanding Savings Certificates or, in the case of a 
cross-series modification, the principal amount of Savings Certificates of any other

--- Page 36 ---
- 32 - 
Series required to approve a proposed modification in relation to the Savings 
Certificates, the principal amount of outstanding Savings Certificates for a quorum to 
be present, or the rules for determining whether a Savings Certificate is outstanding for 
these purposes; or 
(xi) 
change the definition of a reserved matter, 
and has the same meaning in relation to the Savings Certificates of any other Series 
save that any of the foregoing references to the Savings Certificates shall be read as 
references to such other Savings Certificates. 
(d) 
"Non-reserved matter" in relation to a Series of Savings Certificates means any matter other 
than a reserved matter. 
13.2 
 Convening meetings of Savings Certificates' holders  
A meeting of Savings Certificates' holders: 
(a) 
may be convened by the relevant Issuer at any time; 
(b) 
will be convened by the Issuer if an Event of Default in relation to the Savings Certificates has 
occurred and is continuing and a meeting is requested in writing by the holders of not less than 
10% of the aggregate principal amount of the Savings Certificates then outstanding. 
13.3 
Quorum 
(a) 
The quorum at any meeting at which Savings Certificates' holders will vote on a proposed 
modification of: 
(i) 
a reserved matter will be one or more persons present and holding not less than 66% 
of the aggregate principal amount of the Savings Certificates then outstanding; and 
(ii) 
a non-reserved matter will be one or more persons present and holding not less than 
50% of the aggregate principal amount of the Savings Certificates then outstanding. 
(b) 
The quorum for any adjourned meeting will be one or more Savings Certificates' holders 
present and holding: 
(i) 
not less than 66% of the aggregate principal amount of the Savings Certificates then 
outstanding in the case of a proposed reserved matter modification; and 
(ii) 
not less than 25% of the aggregate principal amount of the Savings Certificates then 
outstanding in the case of a non-reserved matter modification. 
13.4 
Written Resolutions 
A written resolution signed by or on behalf of the holders of the requisite majority of the Savings 
Certificates will be valid for all purposes as if it was a resolution passed at a quorate meeting of Savings 
Certificates' holders duly convened and held in accordance with these provisions. A written resolution 
may be set out in one or more documents in any form each signed by or on behalf of one or more 
Savings Certificates' holders. 
13.5 
Non-Reserved Matters 
The Conditions of a Series of Savings Certificates (including the Final Terms relating to such Series of 
Savings Certificates) may be modified in relation to a non-reserved matter with the consent of the 
relevant Issuer and:

--- Page 37 ---
- 33 - 
(a) 
the affirmative vote of a holder or holders of more than 50% of the aggregate principal amount 
of the outstanding Savings Certificates in such Series represented at a duly called and quorate 
meeting of Savings Certificates' holders; or 
(b) 
a written resolution signed by or on behalf of a holder or holders of more than 50% of the 
aggregate principal amount of the outstanding amount of the outstanding Savings Certificates 
in such Series. 
13.6 
Reserved Matters 
Except as provided by Condition 13.7 below, the Conditions of a Series of Savings Certificates 
(including the Final Terms relating to such Savings Certificates) may be modified in relation to a 
reserved matter with the consent of the Issuer and: 
(a) 
the affirmative vote of a holder or holders of not less than 75% of the aggregate principal 
amount of the outstanding Savings Certificates in such Series represented at a duly called and 
quorate meeting of Savings Certificates; or 
(b) 
a written resolution signed by or on behalf of a holder or holders of not less than 66% of the 
aggregate principal amount of the Savings Certificates then outstanding in such Series. 
13.7 
Cross-Series Modifications 
In the case of a cross-series modification, the Conditions of a Series of Savings Certificates and 
Savings Certificates of any other Series including, where applicable, any relevant Final Terms, may be 
modified in relation to a reserved matter with the consent of the relevant Issuer and: 
(a) 
the affirmative vote of not less than 75% of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding 
Savings Certificates represented at duly called and quorate meetings of the Savings 
Certificates' holders of all Series (taken in aggregate) that would be affected by the proposed 
modification; or 
(b) 
a written resolution signed by or on behalf of the holder(s) of not less than 66% of the aggregate 
principal amount of the outstanding Savings Certificates of all the Series (taken in aggregate) 
that would be affected by the proposed modification; 
and 
(i) 
the affirmative vote of more than 66% of the aggregate principal amount of the 
outstanding Savings Certificates represented at separate duly called and quorate 
meetings of the holders of each Series of Savings Certificates (taken individually) that 
would be affected by the proposed modification; or 
(ii) 
a written resolution signed by or on behalf of the holder(s) of more than 50% of the 
aggregate principal amount of the then outstanding Savings Certificates of each Series 
(taken individually) that would be affected by the proposed modification. 
13.8 
Binding effect 
A resolution passed at a quorate meeting of Savings Certificates' holders duly convened with the 
consent of the relevant Issuer and held in accordance with these provisions, and a written resolution 
duly signed by the requisite majority of holder(s) of Savings Certificates, will be binding on all holders, 
whether or not the holder was present at the meeting, voted for or against the resolution or signed the 
written resolution. 
13.9 
Manifest error, technical amendments

--- Page 38 ---
- 34 - 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, the Conditions of a Series of Savings Certificates 
(including the Final Terms relating to such Series of Savings Certificates) may be modified by the 
relevant Issuer without the consent of the Savings Certificates' holders of such Series: 
(a) 
to correct a manifest error or cure an ambiguity; or 
(b) 
if the modification is of a formal or technical nature or for the benefit of the Savings Certificates' 
holders of such Series. 
The relevant Issuer will publish the details of any modification of the Savings Certificates made 
pursuant to this Condition 13.9 within ten days of the modification becoming legally effective. 
13.10 Outstanding Savings Certificates; Savings Certificates controlled by the relevant Issuer 
In determining whether holders of the requisite principal amount of outstanding Savings Certificates 
have voted in favour of a proposed modification or whether a quorum is present at any meeting of 
Savings Certificates' holders called to vote on a proposed modification, a Savings Certificate will be 
deemed to be not outstanding, and may not be voted for or against a proposed modification or counted 
in determining whether a quorum is present, if on the record date for the proposed modification: 
(a) 
the Savings Certificate has previously been cancelled or delivered for cancellation or held for 
reissuance but not reissued; 
(b) 
the Savings Certificate has previously been called for redemption in accordance with its terms 
or previously become due and payable at maturity or otherwise and the Issuer has previously 
satisfied its obligation to make all payments due in respect of the Savings Certificate in 
accordance with its terms; or 
(c) 
the Savings Certificate is held by the relevant Issuer, by a department or agency of such Issuer, 
or by a corporation, trust or other legal entity that is controlled by the such Issuer or a 
department or agency of the such Issuer, and in the case of a Savings Certificate held by any 
such abovementioned corporation, trust or other legal entity, the Savings Certificates’ holder 
does not have autonomy of decision, where: 
(i) 
the Savings Certificate’s holder for these purposes is the entity legally entitled to vote 
the Savings Certificate for or against a proposed modification or, if different, the entity 
whose consent or instruction is by contract required, directly or indirectly, for the legally 
entitled holder to vote the Savings Certificate for or against a proposed modification; 
(ii) 
a corporation, trust or other legal entity is controlled by the relevant Issuer or by a 
department or agency of such Issuer if such Issuer or any department or agency of 
such Issuer has the power, directly or indirectly, through the ownership of voting 
securities or other ownership interests, by contract or otherwise, to direct the 
management of or elect or appoint a majority of the board of directors or other persons 
performing similar functions in lieu of, or in addition to, the board of directors of that 
legal entity; and 
(iii) 
the Savings Certificate’s holder has autonomy of decision if, under applicable law, rules 
or regulations and independent of any direct or indirect obligation the holder may have 
in relation to the relevant Issuer: (x) the holder may not, directly or indirectly, take 
instruction from the Issuer on how to vote on a proposed modification; or (y) the holder, 
in determining how to vote on a proposed modification, is required to act in accordance 
with an objective prudential standard, in the interest of all of its stakeholders or in the 
holder's own interest; or (z) the holder owes a fiduciary or similar duty to vote on a 
proposed modification in the interest of one or more persons other than a person whose

--- Page 39 ---
- 35 - 
holdings of Savings Certificates (if that person then held any Savings Certificate) would 
be deemed to be not outstanding under this Condition 13. 
14. 
PRESCRIPTION
Claims against the relevant Issuer for payment of principal and interest in respect of the Savings 
Certificates will be prescribed and become void unless made, in the case of principal, within ten years 
or, in the case of interest, five years after their due date, unless application to a court of law for such 
payment has been initiated on or before such respective time. 
15. 
NO HARDSHIP
The relevant Issuer hereby acknowledges that the provisions of article 5.74 of the Belgian Civil Code 
shall not apply to it with respect to its obligations under these Conditions and that it shall not be entitled 
to make any claim under article 5.74 of the Belgian Civil Code. 
16. 
REMEDIES
(a) 
To the fullest extent permitted by law, each holder of a Savings Certificate expressly and 
irrevocably waives (for itself and on behalf of any of its affiliates) any extra-contractual claim 
and right it may have against any Auxiliaries of the relevant Issuer pursuant to article 6.3, §2 of 
the Belgian Civil Code in connection with these Conditions. 
For the purposes of this Condition, "Auxiliary" means any person or entity who performs (in 
whole or in part) any obligation of the relevant Issuer, is engaged in relation to the performance 
of any obligation under these Conditions, or represents the relevant Issuer in connection with 
these Conditions and the Savings Certificates (whether in its own name and/or for its own 
account, or in the name and/or for the account of the relevant Issuer), including auxiliaries 
(hulppersonen/auxiliaires) of the Issuer as referred to in article 6.3, §2 of the Belgian Civil Code. 
This includes any affiliate, director, officer, board member, manager, employee, founder, 
member, partner, shareholder, associate, volunteer, agent, attorney, advisor or contractor of 
the Issuer. For the avoidance of doubt, this definition also includes any subsequent tiers of 
such auxiliaries, including any secondary, tertiary, or further removed auxiliaries, irrespective 
of their level or order in the chain of appointment. 
(b) 
To the fullest extent permitted by law, each holder of a Savings Certificate expressly and 
irrevocably waives (for itself and on behalf of any of its affiliates) any extra-contractual claim or 
right it may have against the relevant Issuer pursuant to article 6.3, §1 of the Belgian Civil Code 
in respect of any breach by the relevant Issuer of any of its obligations under these Conditions.  
17. 
ISSUER SUBSTITUTION
(a) 
In case of dissolution, liquidation, reconstruction, merger, amalgamation or any other kind of 
legal reorganisation, the relevant Issuer may, without any further consent or cooperation from 
the holders of the Savings Certificates, at any time, procure that any affiliated or associated 
corporation of the relevant Issuer is substituted for the relevant Issuer as the debtor under the 
Conditions to be offered by assigning all its rights and obligations to such other corporation (the 
"Substituted Issuer"), whether by way of transfer of contract (on the basis of article 5.193 of 
the Belgian Civil Code) or novation (on the basis of article 5.245 and following of the Belgian 
Civil Code). The Substituted Issuer must have a long-term debt rating of at least the same level 
as the one of KBC Bank at the time of substitution, if any, and provided that: 
(i) 
no payment of any principal amount or of interest on any Savings Certificate is overdue 
and no other circumstances exist capable of causing the acceleration or redemption of 
the Savings Certificates; and

--- Page 40 ---
- 36 - 
(ii) 
the Substituted Issuer shall agree to indemnify the holders of each Savings Certificate 
against all tax, duty, fee or governmental charge which is imposed on such holder by 
the jurisdiction of the country of the Substituted Issuer's residence for tax purposes and, 
if different, of its incorporation or any political subdivision or taxing authority thereof or 
therein with respect to such Savings Certificate and which would not have been so 
imposed had such substitution not been made; and any reasonable costs or expenses 
incurred in connection with any such substitution; and 
(b) 
The relevant Issuer hereby irrevocably and unconditionally guarantees that the Substituted 
Issuer shall pay all amounts of principal amounts of and interest on the Savings Certificates 
when due. In the event of substitution, this guarantee ceasing to be the valid and binding 
obligation of the relevant Issuer, enforceable against the relevant Issuer in accordance with its 
terms, shall constitute an Event of Default in the event of substitution all references in these 
Conditions to the relevant Issuer shall from then on be deemed to refer to the Substituted 
Issuer. 
(c) 
The Substituted Issuer obtains all necessary governmental and regulatory approvals and 
consents. 
(d) 
Any potential compensation due by the relevant Issuer shall be limited to the net incremental 
tax cost borne by the investor. For example, if a withholding tax would become due further to 
the Substitution, but this withholding tax comes in lieu of a taxation (at the same tax rate) 
otherwise due further to an obligation to report (part of) the income in the personal income tax 
return, then no additional compensation is due (on this part). Similarly, no compensation is due 
if i) the investor is entitled to a tax credit for this withholding tax through the tax return or ii) for 
(the part of) the withholding tax for which the investor is entitled to claim a reduction or 
exemption based on the applicable income tax treaty. 
(e) 
Notice of any substitution shall be given to the holders of Savings Certificates in accordance 
with Condition 18 (Notices). 
(f) 
Notwithstanding each of these preconditions being satisfied prior to any such substitution, there 
can be no guarantee that any such substitution will not have an adverse effect on the price of 
the Savings Certificates and subsequently lead to losses for the Savings Certificates' holders 
if they sell the Savings Certificates. 
18. 
NOTICES
The Savings Certificates being held in a securities account, all notices to the holders shall be validly 
given by a direct notification from the relevant Issuer to the holders, as the relevant Issuer in his 
discretionary opinion shall deem necessary to give fair and reasonable notice to the holders. Any such 
notice shall be deemed to have been given on the date immediately following the date of notification 
from the Issuer. 
19. 
FURTHER ISSUES
The relevant Issuer may from time to time without the consent of the Savings Certificates' holders 
create and issue further Savings Certificates having the same Conditions as the Savings Certificates 
(so that, for the avoidance of doubt, references in the conditions of such Savings Certificates to Issue 
Date shall be to the first issue date of the Savings Certificates) and so that the same shall be 
consolidated and form part of a single Series with such Savings Certificates, and references in these 
Conditions to Savings Certificates shall be construed accordingly. 
20. 
GOVERNING LAW AND SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION
20.1 
Governing law

--- Page 41 ---
- 37 - 
The Savings Certificates and all non-contractual obligations arising from or connected with the Savings 
Certificates are governed by, and shall be governed by and construed in accordance with, Belgian law. 
20.2 
Jurisdiction 
The courts of Brussels, Belgium, are to have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any disputes that may arise 
out of or in connection with the Savings Certificates. 
21. 
BAIL-IN
Each holder (which includes any current of future holder of a beneficial interest in the Savings 
Certificates) acknowledges and accepts that any liability arising under the Savings Certificates may be 
subject to the Bail-in Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority and acknowledges and accepts to be 
bound by (i) the variation of the Conditions of the Savings Certificates, as deemed necessary by the 
Relevant Resolution Authority, to give effect to the exercise of any Bail-in Power by the Relevant 
Resolution Authority and (ii) the effect of the exercise of the Bail-in Power by the Relevant Resolution 
Authority. Such exercise may, among others, include and result in any of the following, or a combination 
thereof: 
(a) 
all, or part of the Relevant Amounts in respect of the Savings Certificates being reduced or 
cancelled; 
(b) 
all or part of the Relevant Amounts in respect of the Savings Certificates being converted into 
shares, other securities or other obligations of the Issuer or another person and such shares, 
securities or obligations being issued to or conferred on the holder of the Savings Certificates, 
including by means of a variation, modification or amendment of the Conditions of the Savings 
Certificates; 
(c) 
the Savings Certificates or the Relevant Amount in respect of the Savings Certificates being 
cancelled; and 
(d) 
the maturity of the Savings Certificates being amended or altered, or the amount of interest 
payable on the Savings Certificates, or date on which interest becomes payable; including by 
suspending payment for a temporary period being amended.

--- Page 42 ---
- 38 - 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS
This section sets out a template for the Final Terms to be used for each specific Series of Savings 
Certificates issuance. 
The relevant Issuer accepts responsibility for this unsigned document in PDF format dated on the date 
mentioned below that is the final version of the Final Terms relating to the issuance(s) described herein 
and that the information contained in these Final Terms, which, when read together with the Base 
Prospectus and the Conditions referred to below, contains all information that is material in the context 
of the issue of the Savings Certificates.  
Final terms dated [●]  
[Issuer]  
Issue of [Title of the Series of Savings Certificates] under the [KBC Bank]/[CBC Banque] 
Savings Certificate Issuance Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall have the same meaning as defined for such purposes in the terms and 
conditions (the "Conditions") set forth in this Base Prospectus dated [●] 2024, which constitutes a 
base prospectus for purposes of the Prospectus Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2017/1129) (the 
"Prospectus Regulation"). This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Series of Savings 
Certificates described herein for purposes of article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read 
in conjunction with such Base Prospectus and any supplement thereto dated [current date][, save in 
respect of the Conditions which are extracted from the Base Prospectus dated [original date] and are 
attached hereto]. A summary of the offer of the relevant Series of Savings Certificates is provided in 
annex to the Final Terms. 
These Final Terms do not constitute, and may not be used for the purposes of, an offer or solicitation 
by anyone in any jurisdiction in which such offer or solicitation is not authorised or to any person to 
whom it is unlawful to make such offer or solicitation, and no action is being taken to permit an offering 
of the Savings Certificates or the distribution of these Final Terms in any jurisdiction where such action 
is required. Full information on the Issuer and the offer of Savings Certificates is only available on the 
basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus. The Base Prospectus is 
available for inspection at the office of the Issuer and on the website https://www.kbc.com/en/investor-
relations/debt-issuance/kbc-bank.html. The information on this website does not form part of, and is 
not incorporated by reference into, the Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by 
the FSMA, except for information that is incorporated by reference in accordance with the section 
"Documents incorporated by Reference" of the Base Prospectus. 
Nothing has happened as of the date hereof or is expected to happen in relation to the Issuer or the 
Savings Certificates which would require the Conditions to be supplemented or updated. 
Except as disclosed in this document, there has been no significant change affecting any matter 
contained in the Base Prospectus (including the Conditions and including, for the avoidance of doubt, 
any documents incorporated by reference) whose inclusion would reasonably be required by investors 
and their professional advisors, and would reasonably be expected to be found by them in the Base 
Prospectus, for the purpose of making an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities financial 
position and prospects of the Issuer, and the rights attaching to the Savings Certificates, since 6 August 
2024. 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not applicable". Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if "Not applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs or sub-
paragraphs. Italics denote guidance of completing the Final Terms].

--- Page 43 ---
- 39 - 
[When completing any final terms, or adding any other final terms or information, consideration should 
be given as to whether such terms or information constitute "significant new factors" and consequently 
trigger the need for a supplement to the Base Prospectus under article 23 of the Prospectus 
Regulation.]

--- Page 44 ---
- 40 - 
Series 
identification (incl. 
term, type and 
ISIN Code*) 
Issue 
Date 
Maturity 
Date 
Payment of Issue 
Price 
Rate of 
Interest 
Day Count 
Fraction 
Interest Payment 
Date(s) 
Offer 
period 
[specify reference to 
the 
Savings 
Certificates: 
term 
and whether interest 
distribution 
or 
capitalisation] 
(e.g. 
"2 
years 
capitalisation")
[also specify ISIN 
code] 
[specify 
date] 
[specify 
date] 
[Issue Date] / [the 
date 
of 
subscription by the 
investor] / [Issue 
Date 
or 
subscription date, 
as instructed by 
the investor] 
[●] 
per 
cent. per 
annum 
Day Count 
Fraction: 
[specify 
Day Count 
Fraction] 
[Interest will be paid on 
[specify frequency of 
interest payment] on 
the principal amount of 
each 
Savings 
Certificate.] /  
[Accrued interest will 
be capitalised and paid 
on the Maturity Date.] 
[adjusted 
in 
accordance 
with 
Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention]/[not 
adjusted] 
[specify 
offer 
period] 
* The maximum amount of Savings Certificates offered [per ISIN Code will be EUR [●]] / [for ISIN Code [●] will be EUR [●] and for 
ISIN Code [●] will be EUR [●]]. The Issuer has the option to issue up to [●]% of this amount.
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
Interests of natural and 
legal persons involved in 
the issue/offer: 
(Include a description of any interest, including any conflicting interest, that is material to the 
issue/offer, detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. This requirement may be 
satisfied by the inclusion of the following statement:)  
[Save as discussed in [the section "Offer and Sale" of the Base Prospectus], so far as the Issuer is 
aware, no person involved in the offer of the Savings Certificates has an interest material to the 
offer.] (Amend as appropriate if there are other interests.)
Reasons for the offer: 
[See section "Use of Proceeds" of the Base Prospectus] / [●] (If reasons for offer are different from 
what is disclosed in the Base Prospectus, give details)
Estimated total expenses 
of the issue/offer: 
[●] 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[●] 
Indication of yield: 
[●]  
(The yield is calculated based on (i) the issue price of the Savings Certificates, (ii) the Rate of 
Interest applicable from and including the Issue Date until and excluding the Maturity Date, and 
(iii) the final redemption amount (equal to the principal amount of the Savings Certificates). It is not 
an indication of future yield.)
[END OF FINAL TERMS]

--- Page 45 ---
- 41 - 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE OFFER
This section sets out the contractual terms and conditions of the offer of Savings Certificates 
General considerations 
The offer of the Savings Certificates is an offer in the context of a continuous offer and is hence 
unlimited in time, it being understood that no offers of Savings Certificates shall be made under this 
Base Prospectus after 6 August 2025, unless an exemption from the requirement to draw up a 
prospectus applies in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation or the Prospectus Law. 
The Savings Certificates are offered to all interested investors via the relevant Issuer. 
The cash account (current or savings account) of the investor will be debited on the date of the 
subscription or the Issue Date (as set out in the Final Terms for the Series of Savings Certificates 
subscribed to). The value date of the debit of the investor's cash account will be the Issue Date. The 
Savings Certificates will be transferred on the securities account of the investor. The delivery is without 
costs for the investor. At purchase Savings Certificates can only be deposited at a securities account 
with the relevant Issuer. Afterwards, the investor can transfer the Savings Certificates to a securities 
account with another financial institution. 
Minimum/maximum subscription amount 
The minimum investment in a Savings Certificate is EUR 500, and increments of EUR 1 in excess 
thereof. An investor can at each moment in time (as long as the offer is open) subscribe to an amount 
freely chosen by the investor, as long as this amount is equal or higher than the minimum investment 
referred to above and it being understood that the amounts will be rounded in euro, without divisions 
of euro (eurocents or lower).
The maximum amount offered for each Series of Savings Certificates will also be mentioned in the 
relevant Final Terms. The relevant Issuer has the option to issue up to a percentage of this amount, 
as set out in the relevant Final Terms. The amount to be issued will be determined depending on the 
funding needs from the relevant Issuer and on the demand from the investors. 
The relevant Issuer will publish a notice on the website https://www.kbc.com/en/investor-relations/debt-
issuance/kbc-bank.html at the end of each offer period to announce the nominal amount that will be 
issued. The information on these websites does not form part of, and is not incorporated by reference 
into, this Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the FSMA. 
Suspension/termination, withdrawal and revocation of the offer 
The relevant Issuer will offer a Series of Savings Certificates during the offer period as set out in the 
relevant Final Terms. The relevant Issuer reserves itself the right to withdraw or suspend the offer of 
the Savings Certificates at any time.  
The relevant Issuer reserves the right to publish a notice to amend the Final Terms if the amendment 
of information is not a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy. 
Plan for the marketing of the Savings Certificates 
The relevant Issuer will ensure the financial service with respect to the Savings Certificates. 
Determination of the issue price and subscription price of the Savings Certificates 
The Savings Certificates are issued at par. The nominal interest will be determined by the relevant 
Issuer for the entire duration of the Savings Certificates. The applicable interest rates and the available 
maturities for the Savings Certificates are as set out in the relevant Final Terms published by the

--- Page 46 ---
- 42 - 
relevant Issuer on the following website https://www.kbc.com/en/investor-relations/debt-issuance/kbc-
bank.html. The information on these websites does not form part of, and is not incorporated by 
reference into, this Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the FSMA. 
Overview of costs to be borne by the investors 
Currently no costs are to be borne by the investors in relation to the subscription to the Savings 
Certificates. In case of resale by the investor before maturity, the relevant Issuer will determine the 
price of the relevant Savings Certificates by calculating a market conform fair value. A transaction fee 
of 0.75% of the outstanding principal amount will be charged by the relevant Issuer for the repurchase. 
In case of a transfer to another financial institution for custody, a fixed transfer fee will be charged by 
the relevant Issuer per Series of Savings Certificates for the transfer. Such fees may change over time 
and investors should inform themselves about the prevailing conditions at the time they request a 
repurchase 
on 
the 
following 
webpage: 
https://multimediafiles.kbcgroup.eu/ng/published/KBC/PDF/TARIEVEN/kbc-tarieven-beleggen.pdf. 
This website is not incorporated by reference and does not form part of this Base Prospectus, and has 
not been scrutinised or approved by the FSMA. All costs related to taxes, reference is made to the 
section "Taxation".

--- Page 47 ---
- 43 - 
OFFER AND SALE
This section set outs the restrictions to the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering or 
sale of Savings Certificates 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering or sale of Savings Certificates in certain 
jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus comes 
are required by the Issuers to inform themselves about and to observe any such restriction. The 
Savings Certificates have not been offered or sold and will not be offered or sold directly or indirectly 
and this Base Prospectus has not been distributed and will not be distributed, except in such 
circumstances that will result in compliance with all applicable laws and regulations. 
There are no restrictions to the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering and sale of Savings 
Certificates in Belgium. 
The Savings Certificates have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 
1933, as amended (the "Securities Act"), or any U.S. state securities laws and are subject to U.S. tax 
law requirements and, except in certain transactions exempt from, or not subject to, the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act and applicable U.S. state securities laws, the Savings Certificates 
may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States of America, including its territories and 
possessions, or to U.S. persons. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by 
Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
The Savings Certificates have not been offered, sold or delivered and will not be offered, sold or 
delivered, as part of their distribution at any time, or otherwise until 40 days after the commencement 
of the offering within the United States or to, or for the account or the benefit of, U.S. persons and a 
dealer to which the Savings Certificates are sold during the restricted period will receive a confirmation 
or other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the Savings Certificates within the 
U.S. or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. 
Until 40 days after the commencement of the offering, an offer or sale of the Savings Certificates within 
the U.S. by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the registration 
requirements imposed by the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 
Any document connected with the issue of the Savings Certificates has only been issued or passed on 
and will only be issued and passed on in the United Kingdom to persons whose ordinary activities 
involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the 
purposes of their businesses or who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses or otherwise in circumstances 
which have not resulted and will not result in an offer to the public in the United Kingdom. 
Any invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of Section 21 of the 
Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the "UK FSMA")) in connection with the issue or sale of any 
Savings Certificates, has only been communicated or caused to be communicated and will only be 
communicated or caused to be communicated in circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the UK FSMA 
does not apply to the Issuer and all applicable provisions of the UK FSMA with respect to anything 
done in relation to such Savings Certificates in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom have 
been complied with and will be complied with.

--- Page 48 ---
- 44 - 
TAXATION
This section sets out an overview of certain taxation considerations relating to the Savings 
Certificates. 
Transactions involving the Savings Certificates may have tax consequences for prospective 
investors which may depend, among other things, upon the status of the prospective investor 
and laws relating to transfer and registration taxes. Prospective investors who are in any doubt 
about the tax position of any aspect of transactions involving Savings Certificates should 
consult their own tax advisers. 
The following is a general description of certain Belgian tax considerations relating to the Savings 
Certificates. It does not purport to be a complete analysis of all tax considerations relating to the 
Savings Certificates. Prospective purchasers of Savings Certificates should consult their tax advisers 
as to the consequences under the tax laws of Belgium of acquiring, holding and disposing of Savings 
Certificates and receiving payments of interest, principal and/or other amounts under the Savings 
Certificates. This summary is based upon the Belgian law as in effect on the date of this Base 
Prospectus and is subject to any change in law that may take effect after such date (or even before 
with retroactive effect). The information contained within this section is limited to Belgian taxation 
issues, and prospective investors should not apply any information set out below to other areas, 
including but not limited to, the legality of transactions involving the Savings Certificates. 
Each prospective holder of Savings Certificates should consult a professional adviser with 
respect to the tax consequences of an investment in the Savings Certificates, taking into 
account the influence of each regional, local or national law. 
Tax treatment applicable to Savings Certificates 
The following summary describes the principal Belgian tax considerations with respect to Savings 
Certificates. 
For Belgian tax purposes, periodic interest income and amounts paid by the relevant Issuer in excess 
of the Issue Price (whether or not on the Maturity Date) are qualified and taxable as "interest". However, 
the relevant Issuer will not propose a price higher than the Issue Price in case of repurchase of Savings 
Certificates (see Condition 8.2). In addition, insofar the Savings Certificates qualify as fixed income 
securities within the meaning of article 2, §1, 8° of the Belgian Income Tax Code of 1992, in case of a 
realisation of the Savings Certificates to a third party between two interest payment dates, an income 
equal to the pro rata of accrued interest corresponding to the period during which the investor held the 
Savings Certificates in the period between the two interest payment dates is also taxable as interest. 
For the purposes of the following paragraphs, any such accrued interest is therefore referred to as 
interest. 
Belgian resident individuals 
Belgian resident individuals, i.e. individuals who are subject to Belgian personal income tax 
(personenbelasting/impôt des personnes physiques), and who hold the Savings Certificates as a 
private investment, are in Belgium subject to the following tax treatment with respect to the Savings 
Certificates. 
Interest payments on Savings Certificates will be subject to a 30 per cent. withholding tax in Belgium. 
The Belgian withholding tax constitutes the final income tax for Belgian resident individuals. This means 
that they do not have to declare the interest obtained on the Savings Certificates in their personal 
income tax return, provided Belgian withholding tax was levied on these interest payments. However, 
they may elect to declare interest in their personal income tax return, if that is more advantageous from 
an income tax perspective. In case of a realisation of the Savings Certificates to a third party between

--- Page 49 ---
- 45 - 
two interest payment dates, the relevant Issuer will not levy any withholding tax on the pro rata of 
accrued interest at the time of the realisation. 
Capital gains realised on the sale of the Savings Certificates to third parties other than the relevant 
Issuer are in principle tax exempt, unless the capital gains are realised outside the scope of the normal 
management of one's private estate or unless the capital gains qualify as interest (as defined above). 
Capital losses are in principle not tax deductible. 
Other tax rules apply to Belgian resident individuals who do not hold the Savings Certificates as a 
private investment. 
Belgian resident companies 
Belgian resident companies, i.e. companies that are subject to Belgian corporate income tax 
(vennootschapsbelasting/impôt des sociétés), are in Belgium subject to the following tax treatment with 
respect to the Savings Certificates. Different rules apply to companies subject to a special tax regime, 
such as investment companies within the meaning of article 185bis of the Belgian Income Tax Code 
of 1992. 
Interest derived by Belgian resident companies on the Savings Certificates and capital gains realised 
on the Savings Certificates will be subject to Belgian corporate income tax at the current corporate 
income tax rate of 25 per cent. (with, subject to certain conditions, a reduced rate of 20 per cent. 
applying to the first tranche of EUR 100,000 of taxable income of qualifying small companies (as 
defined by Article 1:24, §1 to §6 of the BCCA)). Capital losses are in principle tax deductible. 
Interest payments on the Savings Certificates will in principle be subject to a 30 per cent. withholding 
tax in Belgium. The withholding tax that has been levied is creditable in accordance with the applicable 
legal provisions and any excess is refundable. 
Other Belgian resident legal entities 
Belgian non-profit legal entities, i.e. legal entities that are subject to Belgian income tax on legal entities 
(rechtspersonenbelasting/impôt des personnes morales), are subject to the following tax treatment with 
respect to the Savings Certificates in Belgium. 
Interest payments on Savings Certificates will be subject to a 30 per cent. withholding tax in Belgium. 
If Belgian withholding tax was levied, no further Belgian income tax on legal entities will be due on the 
interest. 
Capital gains realised on the sale of the Savings Certificates are in principle tax exempt, unless the 
capital gain qualifies as interest (as defined above). Capital losses are in principle not tax deductible. 
Belgian non-residents 
Investors who are not considered Belgian residents for tax purposes can be subject to Belgian non-
resident income tax (belasting van niet-inwoners/impôt des non-résidents), in which case they are 
subject to the following tax treatment with respect to the Savings Certificates in Belgium. 
Interest income on Savings Certificates paid to non-residents of Belgium will, in principle, be subject to 
a 30 per cent. withholding tax. Lower rates may apply if the Savings Certificates’ holder is resident in 
a country with which Belgium has concluded a double taxation agreement which is in effect. 
Investors should verify with their respective personal tax advisors whether and how they may benefit 
from these lower rates on the basis of such double taxation agreements. 
Non-resident individuals who do not use the Savings Certificates for professional purposes and who 
have their fiscal residence in a country with which Belgium has not concluded a tax treaty or with which

--- Page 50 ---
- 46 - 
Belgium has concluded a tax treaty that confers the authority to tax interest on the Savings Certificates 
to Belgium, will be subject to tax in Belgium if interest is obtained or received in Belgium. 
Non-resident individuals who do not use the Savings Certificates for professional purposes and who 
have their fiscal residence in a country with which Belgium has not concluded a tax treaty or with which 
Belgium has concluded a tax treaty that confers the authority to tax capital gains on the Savings 
Certificates to Belgium, will be subject to tax in Belgium if the capital gains are obtained or received in 
Belgium and are deemed to be realised outside the scope of the normal management of the individual's 
private estate. Capital losses are generally not deductible. 
Non-resident investors who have allocated the Savings Certificates to the exercise of a professional 
activity in Belgium through a permanent establishment are subject to the same income tax treatment 
as Belgian resident companies or Belgian resident individuals holding the Savings Certificates for 
professional purposes (see above). 
Belgian tax on stock exchange transactions 
A tax on stock exchange transactions (taks op de beursverrichtingen/taxe sur les operations de bourse) 
will be levied on the sale and acquisition of the Savings Certificates on the secondary market if (i) 
executed in Belgium through a professional intermediary or (ii) deemed to be executed in Belgium, 
which is the case if the order is directly or indirectly made to a professional intermediary established 
outside of Belgium, either by private individuals having their habitual residence in Belgium, or legal 
entities for their seat or establishment in Belgium. Transactions on the primary market are not subject 
to this tax. 
The rate applicable for secondary sales and purchases of Savings Certificates in Belgium through a 
professional intermediary is 0.12 per cent. with a maximum amount of EUR 1,300 per transaction and 
per party. The tax is due separately from each party to any such transaction, i.e. the seller (transferor) 
and the purchaser (transferee), both collected by the professional intermediary. 
However, if the intermediary is established outside of Belgium, the tax will in principle be due by the 
ordering private individual or legal entity, unless that individual or entity can demonstrate that the tax 
has already been paid. Professional intermediaries established outside of Belgium can, subject to 
certain conditions and formalities, appoint a Belgian responsible representative for tax purposes, which 
will be liable for the tax on stock exchange transactions in respect of the transactions executed through 
the professional intermediary. 
The tax on stock exchange transactions will not be payable by exempt persons acting for their own 
account, including investors who are not Belgian residents provided they deliver an affidavit to the 
financial intermediary confirming their non-resident status, and certain Belgian institutional investors 
as defined in article 126/1, 2° of the Code of miscellaneous taxes and duties (wetboek diverse rechten 
en taksen/code des droits et taxes divers).  
Tax on securities accounts 
Following the Law of 17 February 2021, an annual tax on securities accounts was introduced (the 
"Annual Tax on Securities Accounts") (jaarlijkse taks op de effectenrekeningen/taxe annuelle sur 
les comptes-titres). The Annual Tax on Securities Accounts is levied on securities accounts of which 
the average value during the reference period (i.e a period of twelve consecutive months beginning on 
1 October and ending, in principle, on 30 September of the next year), exceeds EUR 1,000,000. The 
Annual Tax on Securities Accounts is applicable to securities accounts that are held by resident 
individuals, companies and legal entities, irrespective as to whether these accounts are held with a 
financial intermediary in Belgium or abroad. The Annual Tax on Securities Accounts also applies to 
securities accounts held by non-residents individuals, companies and legal entities with a financial 
intermediary in Belgium. However, the Annual Tax on Securities Accounts is not levied on securities

--- Page 51 ---
- 47 - 
accounts held by specific types of regulated entities in the context of their own professional activity and 
for their own account. 
The applicable tax rate is equal to the lowest amount of either 0.15 per cent. of the average value of 
the financial instruments and funds held on the account or 10 per cent. of the difference between the 
average value of the financial instruments and funds held on the account and EUR 1,000,000. The tax 
base is the sum of the values of the taxable financial instruments at the different reference points in 
time, i.e. 31 December, 31 March, 30 June and 30 September, divided by the number of those points 
in time. 
The Annual Tax on Securities Accounts needs to be withheld, declared and paid by the Belgian 
intermediary. Intermediaries not established or set up in Belgium have the possibility, when managing 
a securities account subject to the tax, to appoint a representative in Belgium approved by or on behalf 
of the Minister of Finance (the "Annual Tax on Securities Accounts Representative"). The Annual 
Tax on Securities Accounts Representative is jointly and severally liable vis-à-vis the Belgian State to 
declare and pay the tax and to fulfil all other obligations for intermediaries related to the Annual Tax on 
Securities Accounts, such as compliance with certain reporting obligations. In cases where no 
intermediary has withheld, declared and paid the Annual Tax on Securities Accounts, the holder of the 
securities account needs to declare and pay the tax himself, unless he can prove that the tax has 
already been withheld, declared and paid by either a Belgian intermediary or an Annual Tax on 
Securities Accounts Representative of a foreign intermediary. 
Two specific, irrebuttable anti-abuse provisions were also introduced, retroactively applying as from 30 
October 2020, targeting (i) the splitting of a securities account into multiple accounts held with the same 
financial intermediary and (ii) the conversion of taxable financial instruments into registered financial 
instruments (financiële instrumenten op naam/instruments financiers nominatifs). Furthermore, a 
general, rebuttable anti-abuse provision was introduced which also retroactively applied as from 30 
October 2020. 
However, on 27 October 2022, the Constitutional Court annulled (i) the two irrebuttable specific anti-
abuse provisions and (ii) the retroactive effect of the rebuttable general anti-abuse provision, meaning 
that the latter provision can only apply as from 26 February 2021. The other provisions of the Law of 
17 February 2021 were not considered to be unconstitutional. 
Investors should consult their own tax advisers in relation to this new annual tax on securities accounts.

--- Page 52 ---
- 48 - 
USE OF PROCEEDS
This section explains what the net proceeds from the sale of the Savings Certificates issued under 
each Programme will be used for. 
The net proceeds from each issue of Savings Certificates, i.e., the principal amount less any expenses 
and fees, will be applied by the relevant Issuer for such Issuer's general corporate purposes. If, in 
respect of any particular issue, there is a particular identified use of proceeds, this will be stated in the 
applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 53 ---
- 49 - 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUERS
This section provides a description of the Issuers' business activities as well as certain financial 
information in respect of the Issuers 
1. 
INFORMATION RELATING TO KBC BANK
In this section, the term "Issuer" refers to KBC Bank.  
1.1 
Corporate structure, share capital and credit ratings 
General information 
The Issuer was established in Belgium in 1998 as a bank in the form of a limited liability company 
(naamloze vennootschap / société anonyme) for an unlimited duration and operates under the laws of 
Belgium. The Issuer's Belgian enterprise number is 0462.920.226 and its LEI code is 
6B2PBRV1FCJDMR45RZ53. The Issuer is registered in the register of legal persons 
(rechtspersonenregister (RPR) / registre des personnes morales (RPM)) of the Dutch-speaking 
enterprise court of Brussels. The Issuer's registered office is at Havenlaan 2, B-1080 Brussels, 
Belgium, its telephone number is (+32) (0) 2 429 11 11 and its website is www.kbc.com. The 
information on the Issuer's website does not form part of this Base Prospectus and has not been 
scrutinised or approved by the FSMA, except to the extent that such information is explicitly 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus (see the section "Documents incorporated by 
Reference" of this Base Prospectus). The Issuer is registered as a credit institution with the National 
Bank of Belgium. 
The Issuer is a wholly-owned subsidiary of KBC Group NV and is part of the KBC Group, on which it 
depends for certain group functions and because of the integrated regulatory and solvency supervision. 
A simplified schematic of KBC Group's legal structure is provided below. 
In compliance with the MREL subordination requirement (as determined by the Single Resolution 
Board), KBC Group NV was converted to a clean holding company, whose main operations involve 
financing activities and group-wide control activities and functions. The clean holding company 
facilitates the Single Point of Entry strategy in the event of settlement of KBC Group NV. As a result of 
this project, only a number of control functions, the financial holding activities and the issue of equity 
and MREL instruments remained at the level of the financial holding company KBC Group NV. All other 
activities of KBC Group NV (other group functions, Shared Services & IT) were transferred to KBC 
Global Services NV, a new wholly-owned subsidiary of KBC Group NV, from 1 June 2022. 
For 
more 
information, 
see 
the 
4Q 
2023 
Debt 
Presentation, 
available 
on 
https://www.kbc.com/en/investor-relations/presentaties/presentaties-2024.html?zone=.5
5
This document is not incorporated by reference and does not form part of this Base Prospectus and has hence not been 
scrutinised or approved by the FSMA.

--- Page 54 ---
- 50 - 
Simplified scheme: 
The other major subsidiary of KBC Group NV is KBC Insurance NV. The Issuer co-operates closely 
with KBC Insurance NV, amongst others, in relation to the distribution of insurance products and 
depends on it for the further implementation of the bank-insurance model. 
The Issuer and KBC Insurance NV each have a number of subsidiaries. The Issuer's subsidiaries are 
mainly banking and other financial entities in Belgium and in Central and Eastern Europe. The Issuer 
also acts as funding provider for a number of its subsidiaries. 
A list of the subsidiaries of the Issuer can be found on pages 199 and following of the Issuer's 2023 
Annual Report. A complete list of group companies (included in or excluded from the scope of 
consolidation) is provided at www.kbc.com > About us > Our structure. 
Share capital and shareholder 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer's share capital was EUR 9,732 million and consisted 
of 995,371,469 ordinary shares, which are all held by KBC Group NV. The share capital is fully paid 
up. 
The shares of the Issuer's parent company, KBC Group NV, are listed on Euronext Brussels. An 
overview of the shareholding of KBC Group NV is available on the KBC Group NV website at 
www.kbc.com. The core shareholders of KBC Group NV are KBC Ancora, CERA, MRBB and a group 
of legal entities and individuals referred to as 'Other core shareholders'. The overview of shareholding 
is not incorporated in and does not form part of this Base Prospectus and it has not been and will not 
be scrutinised or approved by the FSMA. 
Credit ratings 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the following long term credit ratings have been assigned to 
the Issuer with the cooperation of the Issuer in the rating process: 
Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited ("Fitch") – A+ 
According to Fitch's Rating Definitions, an "A" rating indicates high credit quality. "A" ratings denote 
expectations of low default risk. The capacity for payment of financial commitments is considered 
strong. This capacity may, nevertheless, be more vulnerable to adverse business or economic 
conditions than is the case for higher ratings. The modifiers "+" or "-" may be appended to a rating to 
denote relative status within major rating categories. 
Moody's France SAS ("Moody's") – A1

--- Page 55 ---
- 51 - 
According to Moody's Rating Symbols and Definitions, obligations rated A are considered upper-
medium grade and are subject to low credit risk. The modifier 2 indicates that the obligation ranks in 
the mid-range of its generic rating category. 
S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited ("Standard and Poor's") – A+ 
According to Standard and Poor's Global Ratings Definitions, an obligor rated "A" has strong capacity 
to meet its financial commitments but is somewhat more susceptible to the adverse effects of changes 
in circumstances and economic conditions than obligors in higher-rated categories. The addition of a 
plus (+) or minus (-) sign shows relative standing within the rating categories. 
More information regarding the Issuer's long term credit ratings can be found in the latest credit opinion 
from the relevant credit rating agencies, available at https://www.kbc.com/en/credit-ratings and in the 
applicable rating methodologies published by the relevant credit rating agencies. None of that website, 
those credit opinions or those rating methodologies are incorporated by reference in or form part of this 
Base Prospectus, and they have not been scrutinised or approved by the FSMA. 
A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, 
reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. The Issuer does not represent that 
it will maintain any level of credit rating, or any credit rating at all, with any credit rating agency. 
These credit ratings relate to the Issuer's financial obligations generally and not to any specific financial 
obligation such as the Savings Certificates or any Series thereof. 
Each credit rating agency referred to above is established in the EEA and is listed on the "List of 
Registered 
and 
Certified 
CRAs" 
as 
published 
by 
ESMA 
on 
its 
website 
(at 
http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-and-certified-CRAs) in accordance with Article 18(3) 
of Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 on credit rating agencies (the "CRA Regulation"). If an issue-
specific credit rating is specified in the applicable Final Terms, then those Final Terms will also specify 
whether that credit rating is (1) issued by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered 
under the CRA Regulation, or (2) issued by a credit rating agency which is not established in the EEA 
but will be endorsed by a credit rating agency which is established in the EEA and registered under 
the CRA Regulation or (3) issued by a credit rating agency which is not established in the EEA but 
which is certified under the CRA Regulation. None of the credit rating agencies referred to above is 
established in the UK in accordance with Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA Regulation"). Accordingly, 
the Issuer rating issued by (i) Fitch has been endorsed by Fitch Ratings Ltd, (ii) Moody's has been 
endorsed by Moody's Investors Service Limited and (iii) Standard and Poor's has been in endorsed by 
S&P Global Ratings UK Limited, each in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation and have not been 
withdrawn. As such, the ratings issued by each credit rating agency referred to above may be used for 
regulatory purposes in the United Kingdom in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. 
1.2 
Administrative, Management and Supervisory Bodies 
Board of Directors and Executive Committee 
The Issuer is administered by a Board of Directors and an Executive Committee in accordance with 
the relevant legal requirements. 
The Issuer's Board of Directors is empowered to determine the company's general policy and strategy 
and to perform all acts which, by law, are reserved specifically for it. The Board of Directors is 
responsible for supervising the Executive Committee. 
The Issuer's Executive Committee is empowered to perform all acts that are necessary or useful in 
achieving the company's object, apart from those that the General Meeting of Shareholders is 
empowered to perform by law and those reserved for the Board of Directors by law.

--- Page 56 ---
- 52 - 
The Issuer's object is set out in Article 2 of its Articles of Association. It includes the execution of all 
banking operations in the widest sense, as well as the exercise of all other activities which banks are 
or shall be permitted to pursue and all acts that contribute directly or indirectly thereto. 
To the extent these laws and regulations apply to the Issuer, the Issuer complies with the laws and 
regulations of Belgium regarding corporate governance. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the 
members of the Board of Directors are the following:  
Name 
and 
business address 
Position 
Expiry 
date 
of 
current term of 
office 
External offices 
DEBACKERE 
Koenraad 
Havenlaan 2 
1080 Brussel 
Non-executive 
director, 
Chairman of the Board of 
Directors 
2024 
KBC Verzekeringen NV, non-executive director 
KBC Group NV, non-executive director 
KBC Global Services NV, non-executive director 
Thor Park NV, non-executive director 
M-Thor, non-executive director 
Umicore NV, non-executive director 
ANDRONOV Peter 
KBC Bank NV 
Havenlaan 2 
1080 Brussel 
Executive director 
2025 
KBC Insurance NV, executive director 
KBC Group NV, member of the executive committee 
KBC Global Services NV, member of the 
management board 
KBC Asset Management NV, Chairman of the board 
of Directors 
Ceskoslovenska Obchodna Banka a.s. (SR), non-
executive director, Chairman of the Supervisory 
Board 
DZI General Insurance EAD, non-executive director, 
Chairman of the Supervisory Board 
DZI Life Insurance JSC, non-executive director, 
Chairman of the Supervisory Board 
K&H Bank Zrt, non-executive director, Chairman of 
the Board of Directors 
K&H Biztosító Zrt., Chairman of the Supervisory 
Board 
UNITED BULGARIAN BANK AD, non-executive 
director, Chairman of the Supervisory Board 
KBC BANK IRELAND PLC, Chairman of the Board 
of Directors 
BLAZEK Alés 
KBC Bank NV 
Havenlaan 2 
1080 Brussels
Executive director 
2026 
KBC Insurance NV, executive director 
KBC Group NV, member of the executive committee 
Ceskoslovenska 
obchodni 
banka, 
CEO
CSOB Pojistovna, Chairman of the Supervisory 
Board 
LUTS Erik 
Executive director 
2025 
De Bremberg VZW, non-executive director

--- Page 57 ---
- 53 - 
KBC Bank NV 
Havenlaan 2 
1080 Brussels 
KC Focus Fund NV, non-executive director 
KBC Verzekeringen NV, executive director 
KBC Group NV, member of the executive committee 
KBC 
Global 
Services 
NV
member of the management board 
Discai NV, non-executive director 
EPI INTERIM COMPANY SE, executive director 
Bancontact Payconiq Company NV, non-executive 
director 
MOUCHERON 
David 
KBC Bank NV 
Havenlaan 2 
1080 Brussels 
Executive director 
2025 
KBC Insurance NV, executive director 
KBC Group NV, member of the executive committee 
KBC 
Global 
Services 
NV
member of the management board 
CBC Banque SA, non-executive director, Chairman 
of the Board of Directors 
BVB, non-executive director 
Febelfin VZW, executive director 
POPELIER Luc 
KBC Bank NV 
Havenlaan 2 
1080 Brussel 
Executive director 
2025 
KBC Insurance NV, executive director 
KBC Group NV, executive director 
KBC Securities NV, chairman of the board of 
directors 
KBC Focus Fund NV, chairman of the board of 
directors 
KBC 
Global 
Services 
NV
member of the management board 
THIJS Johan 
KBC Bank NV 
Havenlaan 2 
1080 Brussel 
Executive director/CEO 
2025 
KBC Insurance NV, executive director/CEO 
Febelfin VZW, non-executive director 
KBC Group NV, executive director/CEO 
KBC 
Global 
Services 
NV
member of the management board 
VOKA VZW, non-executive director 
BVB, non-executive director 
DISCAI NV, non-executive director 
Museum Nicolaas Rockox VZW, non-executive 
director 
VAN RIJSSEGHEM 
Christine 
KBC Bank NV 
Havenlaan 2 
1080 Brussel 
Executive director 
2026 
KBC Group NV, executive director 
KBC Insurance NV, executive director 
K&H Bank Zrt, non-executive director 
KBC Bank Ireland plc, non-executive director

--- Page 58 ---
- 54 - 
Ceskoslovenska Obchodni Banka a.s. (CR), non-
executive director 
United Bulgarian Bank AD, non-executive director 
KBC 
Global 
Services 
NV
member of the management board 
Women in Finance Belgium vzw, Chairman of the 
Board of Directors 
De Warande vzw, non-executive director 
RADL ROGEROVA 
Diana 
Non-executive director  
2028 
KBC Group NV, executive director 
KBC Bank NV, executive director 
KBC Global Services, executive director 
Behind Inventions a.s., executive director
DEPICKERE Franky 
Cera-KBC Ancora 
Muntstraat 1 
3000 Leuven 
Non-executive director  
2023 
Cera CV, executive director 
Cera Beheersmaatschappij NV, executive director 
BRS Microfinance Coop CV, non-executive director 
Euro Pool System International BV, non-executive 
director 
KBC Group NV, non-executive director 
KBC Insurance NV, non-executive director 
Almancora Beheersmaatschappij NV, executive 
director 
Ceskoslovenska 
Obchodni 
Banka 
a.s. 
(CR), 
member of the Supervisory Board 
CBC Banque SA, non-executive director 
United Bulgarian Bank AD, non-executive director 
KBC 
Global 
Services 
NV
member of the supervisory board 
DE BECKER Sonja 
M.R.B.B. CVBA 
Diestsevest 40 
3000 Leuven 
Non-executive director 
2024 
M.R.B.B. BV – Maatschappij voor Roerend Bezit 
van de Boerenbond, Chair of the Board of Directors 
SBB gecertifieerde accountants en adviseurs BV, 
Chair of the Board of Directors 
SBB Bedrijfsdiensten BV, Chair of the Board of 
Directors 
Acerta BV, non-executive director 
Aktiefinvest CVBA, Chair of the Board of Directors 
Agri Investment Fund CVBA, Chair of the Board of 
Directors 
Arvesta BV, Chair of the Board of Directors 
Acerta Consult BV, non-executive director 
Acerta Services BV, non-executive director

--- Page 59 ---
- 55 - 
Acerta Verzekeringen BV, non-executive director 
Shéhérazade Developpement BV, non-executive 
director 
KBC Group NV, non-executive director 
KBC Insurance NV, non-executive director 
KBC Global Services NV, member of the 
supervisory board 
K&H Bank Zrt, non-executive director 
DE CEUSTER Marc 
KBC Bank NV 
Havenlaan 2 
1080 Brussel  
Non-executive director 
2026 
KBC Group NV, non-executive director 
KBC Insurance NV, non-executive director 
KBC Global Services NV, member of the 
supervisory board 
Cera Beheersmaatschappij NV, executive director 
Almancora Beheersmaatschappij NV, executive 
director 
KBC Ancora NV, executive director 
Cera CV, executive director 
CBC Banque SA, non-executive director 
MAGNUSSON Bo 
KBC Bank NV 
Havenlaan 2 
1080 Brussels 
Independent director 
2024 
FCG Group AB, Chairman of the Board of Directors 
OKKERSE Liesbet 
KBC 
Bank 
NV,
Havenlaan 
2
1080 Brussel 
Independent director 
KBC 
Groep 
NV, 
non-executive 
director
KBC 
Insurance 
NV, 
non-executive 
director
KBC Global Services NV, non-executive director 
Cera Beheersmaatschappij NV, non-executive 
director 
Almancora 
Beheersmaatschappij 
NV, 
non-
executive director 
REYES REVUELTA 
ALICIA 
KBC Group NV 
Havenlaan 2 
1080 Brussels 
Independent director 
2026 
KBC Group NV, non-executive director 
KBC Global Services NV, member of the 
supervisory board 
Banco Sabadell, non-executive director 
Ferrovial SA, non-executive director 
RADL ROGEROVA 
Diana 
Independent director 
Behind Inventions, managing partner

--- Page 60 ---
- 56 - 
Audit Committee 
The Audit Committee has been set up by the Board of Directors and has – with some limited exceptions 
– an advisory role. The Audit Committee, among other things, monitors the financial reporting process 
and submits recommendations or proposals to ensure its integrity, and monitors the effectiveness of 
the internal control and the risk management in place. 
The powers and composition of the Audit Committee, as well as its way of functioning, are extensively 
dealt with in the Corporate Governance Charter of the Issuer which is published on 
https://www.kbc.com/en/corporate-governance/corporate-governance-charter.html. The Corporate 
Governance Charter is not incorporated by reference and does not form part of this Base Prospectus, 
and it has not been scrutinised or approved by the FSMA. 
The members of the Issuer's Audit Committee are: 

Marc De Ceuster (chairman); and 
 
Bo Magnusson (independent director). 
Risk and compliance committee 
The Risk and Compliance Committee has been set up by the Board of Directors and has an advisory 
role. The Risk and Compliance Committee, among other things, provides advice to the Board of 
Directors about the current and future risk appetite and risk strategy. 
The powers and composition of the Risk and Compliance Committee, as well as its way of functioning, 
are extensively dealt with in the Issuer's Corporate Governance Charter, which is available on 
https://www.kbc.com/en/corporate-governance/corporate-governance-charter.html. The Corporate 
Governance Charter is not incorporated by reference and does not form part of this Base Prospectus, 
and it has not been scrutinised or approved by the FSMA. 
The members of the Issuer's Risk and Compliance Committee are: 

Franky Depickere (chairman); and
 
Bo Magnusson (independent director). 
Management structure 
KBC Group NV's strategic choices are fully reflected in the group structure, which consists, as at the 
date of this Base Prospectus, of a number of business units and support services and which are 
presented in simplified form as follows:

--- Page 61 ---
- 57 - 
The management structure of both the KBC Group NV and the Issuer essentially comprises: 
 
the three business units, which focus on local business and are expected to contribute to 
sustainable profit and growth: 
 
Belgium Business Unit; 
 
Czech Republic Business Unit; and 
 
International Markets Business Unit: this encompasses the other core countries in Central and 
Eastern Europe (the Slovak Republic, Hungary and Bulgaria). Since 2022, Ireland does not 
belong to this business unit anymore since  sale agreements have been signed for the Irish 
loan and deposit books, see section on "KBC Bank Ireland" below; 
 
the pillars 'CRO Services' and 'CFO Services' (which act as an internal regulator, and whose 
main role is to support the business units), 'Corporate Staff' (which is a competence centre for 
strategic know-how and best practices in corporate organisation and communication) and 
'Innovation and digital transformation'. 
Each business unit is headed by a Chief Executive Officer ("CEO"), and these CEOs, together with the 
CEO, the Chief Risk Officer ("CRO"), the Chief Innovation Officer ("CIO") and the Chief Financial 
Officer ("CFO") constitute the Executive Committee. 
Conflicts of interest 
The Issuer is not aware of any potential conflicts of interest between the duties to the Issuer of the 
members of the Board of Directors and the Executive Committee detailed above and their private 
interests or other duties. 
1.3 
Financial information 
Financial statements 
The Issuer's 2023 Annual Report and the Issuer's 2022 Annual Report contain: 
 
the Issuer's audited consolidated financial statements drawn up in accordance with 
International Financial Reporting Standards ("IFRS") for the last two financial years (2023 and 
2022); and

--- Page 62 ---
- 58 - 
 
the Issuer's audited non-consolidated financial statements drawn up in accordance with 
Belgian Generally Accepted Accounting Principles ("GAAP") for the last two financial years 
(2023 and 2022). 
These annual reports of the Issuer are incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus as set out 
in the section entitled "Documents incorporated by Reference" on page 21 and following of this Base 
Prospectus. 
Audit and review by the Issuer's statutory auditors 
PricewaterhouseCoopers Bedrijfsrevisoren BV (erkend revisor/réviseur agréé), represented by 
Damien Walgrave and Jeroen Bockaert, with offices at Culliganlaan 5, 1831 Diegem, Belgium ("PwC"), 
has been appointed as auditor of the Issuer for the financial years 2016-2018 and this appointment 
has been extended for the financial years 2019-2024. The financial statements of the Issuer have been 
audited in accordance with International Standards on Auditing by PwC for the financial years ended 
31 December 2023 and 31 December 2022 and resulted in an unqualified audit opinion. 
PwC is a member of the Instituut van de Bedrijfsrevisoren/Institut des Réviseurs d'Entreprises. 
The report of the Issuer's auditor on (i) the audited consolidated annual financial statements of the 
Issuer and its consolidated subsidiaries for the financial years ended 31 December 2023 and 
31 December 2022 and (ii) the audited non-consolidated annual financial statements of the Issuer for 
the financial years ended 31 December 2023 and 31 December 2022 are incorporated by reference in 
this Base Prospectus (as set out in the section entitled "Documents incorporated by Reference" on 
pages 21 and following of this Base Prospectus), with the consent of the auditor. 
Changes since the most recent published financial statements 
Save as disclosed in the section entitled "Recent events" on pages 77 and following of the Base 
Prospectus, there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer since 31 
December 2023, i.e. the date of its last published audited financial statements. 
There has been no significant change in the financial position of the Group nor in the solvency of the 
Issuer since 31 December 2023, i.e. the end of the last financial period for which financial information 
has been published. 
Expected financing and material changes in the Issuer's borrowing and funding structure 
Please refer to Note 2.3 (Balance-sheet information by segment) on page 118 of the Issuer's 2023 
Annual Report for a description of the expected financing of the Issuer's activities. The Issuer's 2023 
Annual Report is incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus as set out in the section entitled 
"Documents incorporated by Reference" on page 21. 
There are no material changes in the Issuer's borrowing or funding structure since 31 December 2023. 
2. 
INFORMATION RELATING TO CBC BANQUE
In this section, the term "Issuer" refers to CBC Banque SA. The Issuer is a wholly-owned subsidiary 
of KBC Bank. 
2.1 
Corporate structure and share capital 
General information 
The Issuer was established in Belgium in 1958 as a bank in the form of a limited liability company 
(naamloze vennootschap / société anonyme) for an unlimited duration and operates under the laws of 
Belgium. The Issuer's Belgian enterprise number is 0403.211.380 and its LEI code is

--- Page 63 ---
- 59 - 
DVCTKZJG5QM5XGM4TR05. The Issuer is registered in the register of legal persons 
(rechtspersonenregister (RPR) / registre des personnes morales (RPM)) of the Enterprise Court of 
Liège, Namur division. The Issuer's registered office is at Avenue Albert 1er, 60, B-5000 Namur, 
Belgium, its telephone number is (+32) (0) 81 80 18 80 and its website is www.cbc.be. The information 
on the Issuer's website does not form part of this Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or 
approved by the FSMA, except to the extent that such information is explicitly incorporated by reference 
in this Base Prospectus (see Section "Documents incorporated by Reference" on page 21 of this Base 
Prospectus). The Issuer is registered as a credit institution with the NBB. 
The Issuer as a wholly-owned subsidiary of KBC Bank and part of the KBC Group 
The Issuer is a wholly-owned subsidiary of KBC Bank and is part of the KBC Group, on which it 
depends for certain group functions and because of the integrated regulatory and solvency supervision. 
A simplified schematic of KBC Group's legal structure is provided above. 
CBC Banque is the French-language arm of the KBC Group. As a fully-fledged company, CBC Banque 
is active in all banking and insurance sectors in Wallonia. 
Share capital and shareholder 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer's share capital was EUR 145.7 million and consisted 
of 2,989,625 ordinary shares, which all are held by KBC Bank. The share capital is fully paid up. 
The sole shareholder of the parent company, KBC Bank, is KBC Group. The overview of shareholding 
is not incorporated in and does not form part of this Base Prospectus and it has not been and will not 
be scrutinised or approved by the FSMA. 
2.2 
Administrative, management and supervisory bodies 
Board of Directors and Executive Committee 
The Issuer is administered by a Board of Directors and an Executive Committee in accordance with 
the relevant legal requirements. 
The Issuer's Board of Directors is empowered to determine the company's general policy and strategy 
and to perform all acts which, by law, are reserved specifically for it. The Board of Directors is 
responsible for supervising the Executive Committee. 
The Issuer's Executive Committee is empowered to perform all acts that are necessary or useful in 
achieving the company's object, apart from those that the General Meeting of Shareholders is 
empowered to perform by law and those reserved for the Board of Directors by law. 
The Issuer's corporate purpose is set out in Article 3 of its Articles of Association. It includes the 
execution of all banking operations in the widest sense, as well as the exercise of all other activities 
which banks are or shall be permitted to pursue and all acts that contribute directly or indirectly thereto. 
To the extent these laws and regulations apply to the Issuer, the Issuer complies with the laws and 
regulations of Belgium regarding corporate governance. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the 
members of the Board of Directors are the following: 
Name and business address 
Position 
Expiry date of current 
term of office 
External offices 
SCHOLZEN Clemens 
Avenue Albert 1er, 60 
5000 Namur 
Executive 
director/CEO 
2025 
Nihil

--- Page 64 ---
- 60 - 
Name and business address 
Position 
Expiry date of current 
term of office 
External offices 
VERBIEST Annelies 
Avenue Albert 1er, 60 
5000 Namur 
Executive 
director/CRO 
2026 
Nihil 
KNAEPEN Denis 
Avenue Albert 1er, 60 
5000 Namur 
Executive 
director 
2027 
Nihil 
MOUCHERON David 
KBC Bank NV 
Havenlaan 2 
1080 Brussels 
Non-executive 
director 
2025 
KBC Insurance NV, executive director 
KBC Group NV, member of the executive 
committee 
KBC Bank NV, executive director 
KBC Global Services NV, non-executive director 
BVB, non-executive director 
Febelfin VZW, non-executive director 
DE CEUSTER Marc 
Cera Beheersmaatschappij 
Muntstraat 1 
3000 Leuven 
Non-executive 
director 
2027 
KBC Group NV, non-executive director 
KBC Bank NV, non-executive director 
KBC Insurance NV, non-executive director 
KBC Global Services NV, non-executive director 
KBC Ancora NV, non-executive director 
FINTRAC BV, executive director 
Professor of Finance University of Antwerpen 
DEBAILLIE Marc 
Avenue Albert 1er, 60 
5000 Namur 
Non-executive 
director 
2026 
Fimadero SA, non-executive director 
Herelixka SA, non-executive director 
Vectura SA, non-executive director 
DEPICKERE Franky 
Havenlaan 2 
1080 Brussels  
Non-executive 
director 
2026 
Cera CV, executive director 
Cera Beheersmaatschappij NV, executive director 
BRS Microfinance Coop CV, non-executive 
director 
KBC Group NV, non-executive director 
KBC Insurance NV, non-executive director 
Almancora Beheersmaatschappij NV, executive 
director 
International Raiffeisen Union e.V., non-executive 
director 
Ceskoslovenska Obchodni Banka a.s. (CR), 
member of the Supervisory Board 
KBC Ancora NV, executive director 
United Bulgarian Bank AD, non-executive director 
Euro Pool System International BV, non-executive 
director 
KBC Global Services NV, non-executive director 
KAKÉ Aminata 
Avenue Albert 1er, 60 
5000 Namur 
Independent 
Director 
(non-
executive) 
2028 
Belgische VER VZW, non-executive director 
LEMA Johan 
Avenue Albert 1er, 60 
Non-executive 
director 
2026 
KBC Asset Management, Executive director 
(CEO)

--- Page 65 ---
- 61 - 
Name and business address 
Position 
Expiry date of current 
term of office 
External offices 
5000 Namur 
Beama, Chairman of the Board of Directors, 
President 
Everyoneinvested BV, non-executive director 
MERTENS 
DE 
WILMARS 
Sybille 
Avenue Albert 1er, 60 
5000 Namur 
Independent 
director 
2027 
ROGGEN Martine 
Avenue Albert 1er, 60 
5000 Namur 
Non-executive 
director 
2027 
Assuralia, non-executive director 
Fonds voor DR VZW, non-executive director 
VLERICK Michael 
Avenue Albert 1er, 60 
5000 Namur 
Non-executive 
director 
2028 
Midelco SA, non-executive director 
Audit Committee 
The Audit Committee has been set up by the Board of Directors and has – with some limited exceptions 
– an advisory role. The Audit Committee, among other things, monitors the financial reporting process 
and submits recommendations or proposals to ensure its integrity, and monitors the effectiveness of 
the internal control and the risk management in place. 
The powers and composition of the Audit Committee, as well as its way of functioning, are extensively 
dealt with in the Corporate Governance Charter of the Issuer which is published on www.cbc.be. The 
Corporate Governance Charter is not incorporated by reference and does not form part of this Base 
Prospectus, and it has not been scrutinised or approved by the FSMA. 
The members of the Issuer's Audit Committee are: 

Aminata Kaké (independent director); 

Sybille Mertens de Wilmars (independent director); and 

Johan Lema (non-executive director). 
Risk and compliance committee 
The Risk and Compliance Committee has been set up by the Board of Directors and has an advisory 
role. The 
Risk and Compliance Committee, among other things, provides advice to the Board of Directors about 
the current and future risk appetite and risk strategy. 
The powers and composition of the Risk and Compliance Committee, as well as its way of functioning, 
are extensively dealt with in the Issuer's Corporate Governance Charter, which is available on 
www.cbc.be. The Corporate Governance Charter is not incorporated by reference and does not form 
part of this Base Prospectus, and it has not been scrutinised or approved by the FSMA. 
The members of the Issuer's Risk and Compliance Committee are: 

Aminata Kaké (independent director); 

Johan Lema (non-excutive director); and

--- Page 66 ---
- 62 - 

Martine Roggen, (non-executive director). 
Management structure 
CBC Banque's activities are divided into Universes: 

The Client Universe includes the three markets where the bank is active, namely: (i) private 
banking, (ii) the corporate market and (iii) the retail market or individuals. 

The Central Services Universe includes the departments of the head office that ensure the 
smooth running of the bank: (i) the real estate and logistics department, (ii) the marketing and 
communication department, (iii) the chief economist department, (iv) the management 
committee support department, (v) the performance monitoring and treasury department and 
(vi) the human resources department . 

The Products Universe includes the departments that enable the bank to create and implement 
its offer to clients: (i) the credit department, (ii) the financial line department, (iii) the digital and 
payments department. 

The Risk Universe includes the compliance management department, the risk management 
department and the legal and tax department. 

The Distribution Universe includes the insurance products. 
Conflicts of interest 
The Issuer is not aware of any potential conflicts of interest between the duties to the Issuer of the 
members of the Board of Directors detailed above and their private interests or other duties.

--- Page 67 ---
- 63 - 
2.3 
Financial information 
Financial statements 
The Issuer's 2022 and 2023 Annual Reports contain the Issuer's audited non-consolidated financial 
statements drawn up in accordance with Belgian Generally Accepted Accounting Principles ("GAAP") 
for the last two financial years (2022 to 2023). 
These Annual Reports of the Issuer are incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus as set out 
in the Section "Documents incorporated by Reference" on page 21. 
Audit and review by the Issuer's statutory auditors 
PricewaterhouseCoopers Bedrijfsrevisoren BV (erkend revisor/réviseur agréé), represented by 
D. Walgrave, with offices at Culliganlaan 5, B-1831 Diegem, Belgium ("PwC"), has been appointed as 
auditor of the Issuer for the financial years 2016-2021 and this appointment has been extended for the 
financial years 2022-2024. The financial statements of the Issuer have been audited in accordance 
with International Standards on Auditing by PwC for the financial years ended 31 December 2021, 31 
December 2022 and 31 December 2023 and resulted in an unqualified audit opinion. 
PwC is a member of the Instituut van de Bedrijfsrevisoren/Institut des Réviseurs d'Entreprises. 
The report of the Issuer's auditor on the audited non-consolidated annual financial statements of the 
Issuer for the financial years ended 31 December 2020, 31 December 2021, 31 December 2022 and 
31 December 2023 are incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus (as set out in the Section 
"Documents incorporated by Reference" on page 21), with the consent of the auditor. 
Changes since the most recent published financial statements 
Save as disclosed in this Base Prospectus, there has been no material adverse change in the 
prospects of the Issuer since 31 December 2023, i.e. the date of its last published audited financial 
statements. 
There has been no significant change in the financial position of the group nor in the solvency of the 
Issuer since 31 December 2023, i.e. the end of the last financial period for which financial information 
has been published. 
3. 
INFORMATION RELATING TO THE ISSUERS' BUSINESS
3.1 
The strategy of KBC Group 
The Issuers' strategy is fully embedded in the strategy of their parent company, KBC Group NV. A 
summary is given below of the strategy of KBC Group, where the Issuers are essentially responsible 
for the banking business and KBC Insurance NV for the insurance business. 
KBC Group NV's strategy rests on a number of principles: 

"We place our clients at the centre of everything we do. 

We look to offer our clients a unique bank-insurance experience. 

We focus on our group's long-term development and aim to achieve sustainable and profitable 
growth. 

We assume our role in society and local economies. 

We implement our strategy within a strict risk, capital and liquidity management framework.

--- Page 68 ---
- 64 - 

We meet our responsibility to society and local economies. 

As part of our PEARL+ business culture, we focus on jointly developing solutions, initiatives 
and ideas within the group ("PEARL+" stands for "Performance", "Empowerment", 
"Accountability", "Responsiveness" and "Local Embeddedness"). For further information on 
PEARL+ see page 10 of KBC Bank's 2023 Annual Report).". 
A summary of the KBC Group's strategy is set out on pages 19 to 31 of KBC Bank's 2023 Annual 
Report, which is incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus as set out in the section 
"Documents incorporated by Reference" on page 21 and following of this Base Prospectus. 
More detailed information regarding KBC Group NV's strategy can be found on pages 29 to 66 of KBC 
Group 
NV's 
2023 
Annual 
Report, 
which 
is 
available 
at 
https://www.kbc.com/content/dam/kbccom/doc/investor-relations/Results/jvs-2023/jvs-2023-grp-
en.pdf. KBC Group NV's 2023 Annual Report is not incorporated by reference into and does not form 
part of this Base Prospectus, and it has not been scrutinised or approved by the FSMA for purposes 
of this Base Prospectus. 
3.2 
General description of the Issuers' activities 
The KBC Bank Group is a multi-channel banking group that caters primarily to private persons, small 
and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) and midcaps. Its geographic focus is on Europe. In its "home" 
(or "core") markets (Belgium, the Czech Republic, the Slovak Republic, Hungary and Bulgaria), the 
KBC Bank Group has important and (in some cases) even leading positions (based on internal data). 
The KBC Bank Group is also present in other countries where the primary focus is on supporting the 
corporate clients of the home markets. 
CBC Banque is a wholly-owned subsidiary of KBC Bank and the French-language arm of the KBC 
Group. As a fully fledged company, CBC Banque & Assurances is active in all banking and insurance 
sectors in Wallonia. In Brussels, it focuses on private banking and public and non-merchant entities. 
The KBC Bank Group's core business is retail and private bank-insurance (including asset 
management), although it is also active in providing services to corporations and market activities. 
Across most of its home markets, the KBC Bank Group is active in a large number of products and 
activities, ranging from the plain vanilla deposit, credit, asset management and insurance businesses 
(via KBC Bank's sister company, KBC Insurance NV) to specialised activities such as, but not 
exclusively, payments services, dealing room activities (money and debt market activities), brokerage 
and corporate finance, foreign trade finance, international cash management and leasing. 
3.3 
Activities in Belgium 
Market position of the bank network in Belgium 
Market share (estimates by the KBC Bank Group), end of 2023 
Banking products* 20% 
Investment funds 27% 
Bank branches, end of 2023 
434 
* Average of the share in credits and the share in deposits.
The KBC Bank Group had, at the end of 2022, a network of 420 (staffed) bank branches in Belgium: 
KBC Bank branches in Flanders, CBC Banque branches in Wallonia and KBC Brussels branches in 
the Brussels area. The branches focus on providing clients with a broad range of credit (including 
mortgage loans), deposit, investment fund and other asset management products, insurance products 
(in cooperation with KBC Bank's sister company, KBC Insurance NV) and other specialised financial 
banking products and services. The KBC Bank Group's bricks-and-mortar networks in Belgium are

--- Page 69 ---
- 65 - 
supplemented by electronic channels, such as ATMs, telephones and the internet (including a mobile 
banking app and Kate, the group's digital assistant). KBC Bank, CBC Banque and KBC Brussels serve, 
based on their own estimates, approximately 3.7 million banking clients. Including insurance business, 
the number of clients rises to 3.9 million. 
KBC Group NV considers itself to be an integrated bank-insurer. Certain shared and support services 
are organised at KBC Group NV level, serving the entire KBC Group and not just the bank or insurance 
businesses separately. It is the KBC Group's aim to continue to actively encourage the cross-selling of 
bank and insurance products. The success of the KBC Group's integrated bank-insurance model is in 
part due to the cooperation that exists between the bank branches and the insurance agents of KBC 
Insurance NV and CBC Assurance, whereby the branches sell standard insurance products to retail 
customers and refer their customers to the insurance agents for non-standard products. Claims-
handling is the responsibility of the insurance agents, the call centre and the head office departments 
at KBC Insurance NV. 
At the end of 2023, the KBC Bank Group had, based on its own estimates (see table above), a 20% 
share of traditional banking activities in Belgium (the average of the share of the lending market and 
the deposit market). Over the past few years, the KBC Bank Group has built up a strong position in 
investment funds too, with an estimated market share of approximately 27%. 
The KBC Bank Group believes in the power of a physical presence through a branch and agency 
network that is close to its clients. At the same time, however, it expects the importance of online and 
mobile bank-insurance to grow further and it is constantly developing new applications in these areas. 
That includes the various mobile banking apps for smartphones and tablets, as well as a digital 
assistant called "Kate", which are being continuously improved and expanded. 
Client expectations have shifted enormously in recent years, with efficient and user-friendly products 
and services becoming the norm, powered by technology. For that reason, KBC Bank Group has been 
engaged for several years now in the digitalisation of processes that allow simple, high-quality products 
to be brought to clients in a smooth and rapid manner. For a few years now, it has been designing 
products, services and processes from a 'digital-first' perspective. This implies that they were modified 
before being digitalised to make them simpler, more user-friendly and scalable and that they allow a 
fast and appropriate response to our clients' questions and expectations. For clients who so desire, the 
KBC Bank Group will use the available data in an intelligent and appropriate manner. as it has seen 
that clients increasingly demand more proactive and personal products and services in addition to 
speed and simplicity. This is why the KBC Bank Group is transitioning from an omnichannel distribution 
model towards a digital-first distribution model. The human factor remains important in both models 
and its staff and branches will be fully at the disposal of its clients. In a digital-first distribution model, 
digital interaction with clients will form the initial basis. The KBC Bank Group therefore aims over time 
to provide all relevant solutions via mobile applications. In addition to a digital product range, it will offer 
clients digital advice and develop all processes and products as if they were sold digitally. For clients 
who so wish, Kate – its personal digital assistant – plays an important role in digital sales and advisory, 
so that personalised and relevant solutions can be offered proactively. Clients can personally ask Kate 
questions regarding their basic financial transactions. They also receive regular confidential and 
proactive proposals at appropriate times in their mobile app to ensure maximum convenience. Clients 
are entirely free to choose whether or not to accept a proposal. If they do, the solution will be offered 
and processed completely digitally.  
In 2022, the KBC Bank Group introduced the Kate Coin. Since the start of 2023, KBC clients have 
been able to acquire Kate Coins when purchasing certain products or services from it, such as a home 
loan, home insurance or saving spare change. They can then use the Kate Coins to save money by 
exchanging them for additional benefits and cashbacks. For instance, KBC clients can exchange Kate 
Coins when purchasing an investment plan, a prepaid card, personal accident insurance or family 
insurance and immediately enjoy a cashback. An entirely new feature is that Kate Coins can be 
acquired or spent when purchasing from one of our commercial partners. Clients receive a cashback

--- Page 70 ---
- 66 - 
immediately or after their next purchase with the same partner. The partners themselves determine the 
conditions and timing of their offer. The KBC Bank Group will systematically keep expanding the range 
of options and the collaboration with partners. In KBC Mobile, clients will be able to check out new 
partners where they can earn money, and in their Kate Coin Wallet they can see how many Kate Coins 
they have earned and spent with KBC and the various partners. 
Over the past few years, the KBC Bank Group has thus launched a number of concepts and building 
blocks such as Digital First, Bank-insurance+, Kate and Kate Coins, which create added value when 
they interact. The KBC Bank Group is now bringing these components together in ‘ecosystems’, in 
which it will offer its clients a new type of service, supporting them every step of the way in their search 
for solutions to housing, mobility, energy and other issues, using its own products and services as well 
as those of our partners and suppliers. This enables its clients to save and earn money in and beyond 
the traditional banking and insurance environment. 
In the KBC Bank Group's financial reporting, the Belgian activities are combined into a single Belgium 
Business Unit. The results of the Belgium Business Unit essentially comprise the activities of KBC 
Bank, and its Belgian subsidiaries, the most important of which are CBC Banque, KBC Asset 
Management, KBC Lease Group (Belgium) and KBC Securities. 
The KBC Group's aim in Belgium is: 

To put the client at the heart of all the products and services it develops and at the centre of 
everything it does. The focus here is on a 'digital first' approach with a human touch, and 
investing in the seamless integration of our various distribution channels. KBC Group is working 
on the further digitalisation of the banking, insurance and asset management services and 
exploiting new technologies and data to provide the clients with more personalised and 
proactive solutions. The digital assistant 'Kate' is taking this to the next level. 

To support these activities, KBC Bank Group is also fully engaged in introducing end-to-end 
straight-through processing into all commercial processes, making full use of all technological 
capabilities such as artificial intelligence. This is how KBC Bank Group increases its efficiency, 
which allows it to invest in a strong branch network boasting more expertise. 

To expand its service provision via own and other channels by collaborating with partners 
through 'eco-systems' that enable it to offer clients comprehensive solutions. It is also 
integrating a range of selected partners into its own mobile app and making its products and 
services available in the distribution channels of selected third parties. 

To aim for further growth of bank-insurance at CBC in specific market segments and expansion 
of its accessibility in Wallonia, again with a strong focus on 'Digital First with a human touch'. 

To work tirelessly on the ongoing optimisation of its bank-insurance model in Belgium. As 
regards the insurance component, to specifically focus on further growth in the coming years. 

To express its commitment to Belgian society by leading the way in the sustainability revolution. 
The KBC Bank Group is making its banking, insurance and asset management products more 
sustainable to create financial leverage in achieving global climate targets. It aims to be more 
than a provider of pure bank-insurance services – as a partner in the climate transition, it is 
working with other partners on developing housing, mobility and energy solutions. It also 
continues to focus on financial literacy, entrepreneurship and population ageing. 
3.4 
Activities in Central and Eastern Europe

--- Page 71 ---
- 67 - 
Market position of the bank network in 
the home countries of Central and 
Eastern Europe, at the end of 2023 
Czech 
Republic 
Slovak 
Republic 
Hungary 
Bulgaria 
Market 
share 
(estimates by the 
KBC Bank Group) 
Banking products* 
21% 
12% 
11% 
19% 
Investment funds 
25% 
7% 
11% 
14% 
Bank branches 
Total 
198* 
99 
195 
228 
* Average of the share in credits and the share in deposits
In the Central and Eastern European region, the KBC Bank Group focuses on four home countries, 
being the Czech Republic, the Slovak Republic, Hungary and Bulgaria. The main Central and Eastern 
European entities of the KBC Bank Group in those home markets are United Bulgarian Bank and KBC 
Bank Bulgaria (ex-Raiffeisenbank Bulgaria, acquired in 2022) in Bulgaria, ČSOB in the Slovak 
Republic, ČSOB in the Czech Republic, and K&H Bank in Hungary. 
In its four home countries, the KBC Bank Group now caters to roughly 7 million customers, or 9 million 
including the insurance business (see below). This customer base makes the KBC Group one of the 
larger financial groups in the Central and Eastern European region. 
The KBC Bank Group companies focus on providing clients with a broad range of credit (including 
mortgage loans), deposit, investment fund and other asset management products, insurance products 
and other specialised financial products and services. As is the case in Belgium, the bricks-and-mortar 
networks in Central and Eastern Europe are supplemented by electronic channels, such as ATMs, 
telephone and the internet, and the digital assistant "Kate". As regards the latter, please refer to the 
previous section on "Activities in Belgium". 
KBC Group's bank-insurance concept has, over the past few years, been exported to its Central and 
Eastern European entities. In order to be able to do so, KBC Group has built up a second home market 
in Central and Eastern Europe in insurance (via KBC Insurance NV). KBC Group has an insurance 
business in every Central and Eastern European home country: in the Czech Republic, the KBC 
Group's insurer is ČSOB Pojist'ovňa, in the Slovak Republic it is ČSOB Poist'ovňa, in Hungary it is 
K&H Insurance and in Bulgaria it is DZI Insurance. Contrary to the situation of KBC Bank Group in 
Belgium, the KBC Group's insurance companies in Central and Eastern Europe operate not only via 
tied agents (and bank branches) but also via other distribution channels, such as insurance brokers 
and multi-agents. Note that, at the end of July 2021, the KBC Group also acquired from Nationale 
Nederlanden Group its Bulgarian pension and life insurance businesses, a move that will enable the 
KBC Group to further consolidate its position in the Bulgarian home market. In July 2022, KBC Group 
completed the acquisition of Raiffeisenbank Bulgaria, a universal bank in Bulgaria offering private 
individuals, SMEs and corporate entities a full range of banking, asset management, leasing and 
insurance services. In  April 2023, UBB and ex-Raiffeisenbank Bulgaria legally merged, which will allow 
KBC to bolster its position in the Bulgarian banking market even further. The acquisition will also create 
ample opportunity for insurance cross-selling with DZI. 
The KBC Bank Group's estimated market share (the average of the share of the lending market and 
the deposit market, see table above) amounted to 21% in the Czech Republic, 12% in the Slovak 
Republic, 11% in Hungary, and 19% in Bulgaria (rounded figures). The KBC Bank Group also has a 
strong position in the investment fund market in Central and Eastern Europe (estimated at 25% in the 
Czech Republic, 7% in the Slovak Republic, 11% in Hungary and 14% in Bulgaria). 
In the KBC Bank Group's financial reporting, the Czech activities are separated in a single Czech 
Republic Business Unit, whereas the activities in the other Central and Eastern European countries  
are combined into the International Markets Business Unit. The Czech Republic Business Unit hence

--- Page 72 ---
- 68 - 
comprises all KBC Bank Group's activities in the Czech Republic, consisting primarily of the activities 
of the ČSOB group (under the ČSOB Bank, Postal Savings Bank,  Patria and ČSOB Stavební 
sporitelna brands). The International Markets Business Unit comprises the activities conducted by 
entities in the other (non-Czech) Central and Eastern European core countries, namely ČSOB in the 
Slovak Republic, K&H Bank in Hungary and UBB and in Bulgaria. 
The focus of the KBC Bank Group in the future is the following: 

In relation to the Czech Republic Business Unit: 

To retain its reference position in banking and insurance services by offering its retail, 
SME and mid-cap clients a hassle-free, no-frills client experience. 

To use data and AI to offer personalised solutions proactively to its clients, including 
via Kate, its personalised digital assistant. 

To continue the further digitalisation and to introduce new and innovative products and 
services, including open bank-insurance solutions aimed at boosting the financial well-
being of its clients. 

To concentrate on rolling out straight-through processing and further simplifying 
products, head office, and distribution model, in order to enable it to operate even more 
cost-effectively. 

To further increase the client base and further strengthen its market position, especially 
in insurance and investment services. 

To further strengthen its business culture, with a strong focus on results, clients, the 
ability to adapt and cooperation. 

To become the reference in advisory services in terms of climate change and sustainable 
lending and investments. To also express its social engagement by focusing on financial 
literacy, entrepreneurship, population ageing and cybersecurity. 

In relation to the International Markets Business Unit: 

The group strategy presents a number of opportunities for all countries in the business 
unit, viz.: 

To further develop new and unique 'bank-insurance+' propositions. 

To continue digitally upgrading its distribution model. 

To drive up the volume of straight-through and scalable processing. 

To increase the capacity in relation to data and AI to enable it to proactively 
offer relevant and personalised solutions. 

To selectively expand its activities with a view to securing a top-three position 
in banking as well as in insurance. 

To implement a socially responsible approach in all countries, with a particular 
focus on environmental awareness, financial literacy, entrepreneurship and 
health. 

To be come a pioneer for sustainability in all countries.

--- Page 73 ---
- 69 - 

Country-specific: 

In Bulgaria the focus lies on the operational merger between UBB and the 
acquired Raiffeisenbank Bulgaria to create the leading bank in Bulgaria, 
including in the area of digitalisation and innovation, and the reference in bank-
insurance in all segments. The groups’ insurer, DZI, is likewise maintaining its 
goal of growing faster than the market in both life and non-life insurance. 

In Hungary the focus lies on vigorous client acquisition in banking, to become 
the undisputed leader in the area of innovation. The aim is also to expand the 
insurance activities substantially, primarily through sales at bank branches for 
life insurance and both online and via agents, brokers and bank branches for 
non-life insurance. 

In Slovakia the aim is to maintain our robust growth in strategic products (i.e. 
home loans, consumer finance, SME funding, leasing and insurance), partly 
through cross-selling to group clients and via digital channels. Other priorities 
include the sale of funds and increased fee income. 
An overview of the KBC Bank Group's recent acquisitions is set out in the "We focus on sustainable 
and profitable growth" section of KBC Bank's 2023 Annual Report, which is incorporated by reference 
into this Base Prospectus as set out in the Section "Documents incorporated by Reference" on page 
21 and following of this Base Prospectus. 
3.5 
Activities in the rest of the world 
A number of companies belonging to the KBC Bank Group are also active in, or have outlets in, 
countries outside the home markets, including a network of foreign branches and, until February 2023, 
KBC Bank Ireland. 
KBC Bank Ireland 
In February 2022, KBC Bank Ireland sold nearly all of its non-performing mortgage loan portfolio of 
roughly 1.1 billion euros in a transaction financed by funds managed by CarVal Investors. In October 
2021, KBC Bank Ireland confirmed that it had entered into a legally binding agreement with Bank of 
Ireland relating to the sale of substantially all of KBC Bank Ireland's performing loan assets and its 
deposit book to Bank of Ireland Group. As part of the transaction, the latter also acquired a small non-
performing mortgage loan portfolio. The Irish Competition and Consumer Protection Commission 
(CCPC) approved the transaction in May 2022, and the Irish Minister for Finance gave his approval in 
early December 2022. The transaction was ultimately finalised in early February 2023. 
In the KBC Bank Group's financial reporting, KBC Bank Ireland was included in the Group Centre as 
of 2022. 
Foreign branches of KBC Bank 
The foreign branches of KBC Bank are located mainly in Western Europe, Southeast Asia and the U.S. 
and focus on serving customers that already do business with the KBC Bank Group's Belgian or Central 
and Eastern European network. In the KBC Bank Group's financial reporting, the foreign branches of 
KBC Bank are part of the Belgium Business Unit. 
Group Centre 
The three business units (Belgium, Czech Republic and International Markets) are supplemented by 
the Group Centre. The Group Centre includes, among other things, costs related to the holding of 
participations and the results of the remaining companies or activities earmarked for divestment or in

--- Page 74 ---
- 70 - 
run-down. As of 2022, the Group Centre also includes KBC Bank Ireland (until completion of the sale 
in February 2023). 
3.6 
Competition 
All of the KBC Bank Group's operations face competition in the sectors they serve. Depending on the 
activity, competitor companies include other commercial banks, saving banks, loan institutions, 
consumer finance companies, investment banks, brokerage firms, specialised finance companies, 
asset managers, private bankers, investment companies, fintech and e-commerce companies. 
In both Belgium and Central and Eastern Europe, the KBC Bank Group has an extensive network of 
branches and the KBC Bank Group believes most of its companies have strong name brand recognition 
in their respective markets. 
In Belgium, the KBC Bank Group belongs to the larger financial institutions (one of the four large 
banks). BNP Paribas Fortis, Belfius and ING figure among the main competitors in Belgium.  
In its Central and Eastern European home markets, the KBC Bank Group is one of the important 
financial groups, occupying significant positions in banking. In this respect, the KBC Bank Group 
competes, in each of these countries, against local financial institutions, as well as subsidiaries of other 
large foreign financial groups (such as Erste Bank, UniCredit and others). 
3.7 
Staff 
In 2023, the KBC Bank Group had, on average and on a consolidated basis, about 29,000 employees 
(in full time or equivalent-numbers), the majority of whom were located in Belgium and Central and 
Eastern Europe. In addition to consultations, at works council meetings and at meetings with union 
representatives and with other consultative bodies, the KBC Bank Group also works closely in other 
areas with employee associations. There are various collective labour agreements in force. 
3.8 
Risk management 
Mainly active in banking and asset management, the KBC Bank Group is exposed to a number of 
typical industry-specific risks such as – but certainly not exclusively – credit risk, market risks, 
movements in interest rates and exchange rates, currency risk, liquidity risk, operational risk, exposure 
to emerging markets, changes in regulations and customer litigation as well as the economy in general. 
Material risk factors affecting the Issuers are mentioned in the section entitled "Risk Factors" on page 
6 and following of this Base Prospectus. 
Risk management in the KBC Group is effected group-wide. 
An overview of KBC Bank Group's risk management approach is set out in the "Risk management" 
section on pages 42 to 72 of KBC Bank's 2023 Annual Report, which is incorporated by reference into 
this Base Prospectus as set out in the section "Documents incorporated by Reference" on page 21 
and following of this Base Prospectus. 
More detailed information can be found in KBC Group NV's 2023 Risk Report, available at 
https://www.kbc.com/content/dam/kbccom/doc/investor-relations/Results/jvs-2023/jvs-2023-grp-
en.pdf. This document is not incorporated by reference and does not form part of this Base Prospectus, 
and it has not been scrutinised or approved by the FSMA. 
3.9 
Banking supervision and regulation 
Introduction: supervision by the European Central Bank 
The Issuers, credit institutions governed by the laws of Belgium, are subject to detailed and 
comprehensive regulation in Belgium, and are supervised by the European Central Bank (the "ECB"),

--- Page 75 ---
- 71 - 
acting as the supervisory authority for prudential supervision of significant financial institutions. The 
ECB exercises its prudential supervisory powers by means of application of EU rules and national 
(Belgian) legislation. The supervisory powers conferred to the ECB include, amongst others, the 
granting and withdrawal of authorisations to and from credit institutions, the assessment of acquisitions 
and disposals of qualifying holdings in credit institutions, ensuring compliance with the rules on equity, 
liquidity, statutory ratios and the carrying out of supervisory reviews (including stress tests) for credit 
institutions. 
Pursuant to Regulation (EU) n° 468/2014 of 16 April 2014 establishing a framework for cooperation 
within the Single Supervisory Mechanism between the ECB and national competent authorities, a joint 
supervisory team has been established for the prudential supervision of the Issuers (and KBC Group 
NV). This team is composed of staff members from the ECB and from the national supervisory authority 
(in casu the NBB) and working under the coordination of an ECB staff member. 
The Financial Services and Markets Authority (FSMA), an autonomous public agency, is in charge of 
the supervision of conduct of business rules for financial institutions and financial market supervision. 
EU regulations and directives have had and will continue to have a significant impact on the regulation 
of the banking business in the EU, as such regulations have a direct effect and directives are 
implemented through legislation adopted in each Member State, including Belgium. The general 
objective of the EU legislation is to promote the realisation of a unified internal market for banking 
services and to improve standards of prudential supervision and market efficiency through 
harmonisation of core regulatory standards and mutual recognition among EU Member States of 
regulatory supervision and, in particular, licensing. 
Supervision and regulation in Belgium 
The banking regime in Belgium is governed by the Banking Law. The Banking Law implements various 
EU directives, including, without limitation: 
(a) 
Directive 2013/36/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013, as 
amended by Directive (EU) 2019/878 of 20 May 2019, and as may be further amended or 
replaced from time to time (the "CRD") and, where applicable, Regulation (EU) n° 575/2013 of 
the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013, as amended by Regulation (EU) 
2019/876 of 20 May 2019, and as may be further amended or replaced from time to time (the 
"CRR", and together with the CRD, "CRD V") implementing the revised regulatory framework 
of Basel IV on the European Union; and 
(b) 
Directive 2014/59 of 15 May 2014 establishing a framework for the recovery and resolution of 
credit institutions and investment firms, as amended by Directive (EU) 2019/879 of 20 May 
2019 (the "BRRD"). 
CRD V applies in Belgium since 1 January 2014, subject to certain requirements being amended  
and/or phased in over a number of years, as set out therein. BRRD has formally been transposed into 
Belgian law by amending the Banking Law with effect from 16 July 2016 (subject to certain 
requirements being amended from time to time). 
The Banking Law sets forth the conditions under which credit institutions may operate in Belgium and 
defines the regulatory and supervisory powers of the ECB and the NBB. The main objective of the 
Banking Law is to protect public savings and the stability of the Belgian banking system in general. 
Supervision of credit institutions 
All Belgian credit institutions must obtain a license from the NBB / ECB before they may commence 
operations. In order to obtain a license and maintain it, each credit institution must fulfil numerous 
conditions, including certain minimum paid-up capital requirements.

--- Page 76 ---
- 72 - 
In addition, any shareholder acquiring, individually or acting in concert with another person or persons, 
a "qualifying holding" in the credit institution (i.e. a direct or indirect holding which represents 10% or 
more of the capital or of the voting rights or which makes it possible to exercise a significant influence 
over the management of that institution) must have the qualities required to ensure proper and prudent 
management of the credit institution. Prior notification to the NBB and no indication of opposition by 
the ECB is required each time a person decides to acquire a qualifying holding in a credit institution or 
to further increase such qualifying holding as a result of which the proportion of the voting rights or of 
the capital held would reach or exceed 20%, 30% or 50%, or so that the credit institution would become 
its subsidiary. If the ECB considers that the participation of a shareholder in a credit institution 
jeopardises its sound and prudent management, it may suspend the voting rights attached to such 
participation and, if necessary, request that the shareholder transfers to a third party its participation in 
the credit institution. 
Furthermore, a shareholder who decides to dispose, directly or indirectly, of a qualifying holding or to 
reduce it so that the proportion of the voting rights or of the capital held would fall below 20%, 30% or 
50% or so that the credit institution would cease to be its subsidiary, must notify the NBB thereof. 
The Belgian credit institution itself is obliged to notify the NBB of any such transfer when it becomes 
aware thereof. 
Moreover, every shareholder acquiring a holding or increasing its holding (directly or indirectly, 
individually or acting in concert with third parties) to 5% or more of the capital of the voting rights without 
acquiring a qualifying holding, must notify the NBB thereof within ten working days. The same shall 
apply to a shareholder who no longer holds, directly or indirectly, more than 5% of the voting rights or 
capital in a credit institution. 
The Banking Law requires credit institutions to provide detailed periodic financial information to the 
ECB and, under certain circumstances, the FSMA. 
The ECB also supervises the enforcement of laws and regulations with respect to the accounting 
principles applicable to credit institutions. 
The ECB sets the minimum capital adequacy ratios applicable to credit institutions. The ECB may also 
set other ratios, for example, with respect to the liquidity and gearing of credit institutions. It also sets 
the standards regarding solvency, liquidity, risk concentration and other limitations applicable to credit 
institutions and the publication of this information. The NBB may in addition impose capital 
requirements for capital buffers (including countercyclical buffer rates and any other measures aimed 
at addressing systemic or macro-prudential risks). 
In order to exercise its prudential supervision, the ECB may require that all information with respect to 
the organisation, the functioning, the position and the transactions of a credit institution be provided to 
it. Further, the ECB supervises, among other things, the management structure, the administrative 
organisation, the accounting and the internal control mechanisms of a credit institution. In addition, the 
ECB may conduct on-site inspections (with or without the assistance of NBB staff). 
The comprehensive supervision of credit institutions is also exercised through statutory auditors who 
cooperate with the supervisor in its prudential supervision. A credit institution selects its statutory 
auditor from the list of auditors or audit firms accredited by the NBB. 
Within the context of the European System of Central Banks, the NBB issues certain recommendations 
regarding monetary controls. 
The Banking Law has introduced a prohibition in principle on proprietary trading as from 1 January 
2015. However, certain proprietary trading activities are excluded from this prohibition. Permitted 
proprietary trading activities (including certified market-making, hedging, treasury management, and

--- Page 77 ---
- 73 - 
long-term investments) are capped, and these types of activities must comply with strict requirements 
on reporting, internal governance and risk management. 
Bank governance 
The Banking Law also puts a lot of emphasis on the solid and efficient organisation of credit institutions 
and introduces to that effect a dual governance structure at management level, specialised advisory 
committees within the Board of Directors (Audit Committee, Risk Committee, Remuneration Committee 
and Nomination Committee), independent control functions, and strict remuneration policies (including 
limits on the amount of variable remuneration, the form and timing for vesting and payment of variable 
remuneration, as well as claw-back mechanics). 
In accordance with the Banking Law there is a fundamental distinction between the management of 
banking activities, which is within the competence of the Executive Committee, and the supervision of 
management and the definition of the credit institution's general and risk policy, which is entrusted to 
the Board of Directors. According to the Banking Law, the Issuers have an Executive Committee of 
which each member is also a member of the Board of Directors. 
Pursuant to the Banking Law, the members of the Executive Committee and the Board of Directors 
need to permanently have the required professional reliability and appropriate experience. The same 
goes for the responsible persons of the independent control functions. 
The NBB Governance Manual for the Banking Sector (the "Governance Manual") contains 
recommendations to assure the suitability of shareholders, management and independent control 
functions and the appropriate organisation of the business. 
As required by the Banking Law and the Governance Manual, KBC Group NV has drafted a Group 
Internal Governance Memorandum (the "Governance Memorandum"), which sets out the corporate 
governance policy applying to the KBC Group and of which the governance memorandum of the 
Issuers forms part. The corporate governance policy of a credit institution must meet the principles set 
out in the law and the Governance Manual. The most recent version of the Governance Memorandum 
was approved on 21 December 2023 by the Board of Directors of KBC Group NV, KBC Bank NV and 
KBC Insurance NV. 
KBC Group NV and KBC Bank NV also have a Corporate Governance Charter which is published on 
https://www.kbc.com/en/corporate-governance/corporate-governance-charter.html. This document is 
not incorporated by reference and does not form part of this Base Prospectus, and it has not been 
scrutinised or approved by the FSMA. 
Solvency supervision 
Capital requirements and capital adequacy ratios are provided for in the CRR, transposing the Basel 
IV framework into European law. The CRR requires that credit institutions must comply with several 
minimum solvency ratios. These ratios are defined as Common Equity Tier 1 ("CET1"), Tier 1 capital 
and Total Capital divided by risk weighted assets. Risk weighted assets for credit risk are the sum of 
all assets and off-balance sheet items weighted according to the degree of credit risk inherent in them. 
The solvency ratios also take into account market risk and counterparty risk with respect to the bank's 
trading book (including interest rate and foreign currency exposure), operational risk, credit valuation 
adjustment risk and settlement risk in the calculation of the risk weighted assets. On top of the capital 
requirements defined by the solvency ratios, the regulation imposes a combined buffer requirement 
(see below). 
Solvency is also limited by the leverage ratio, which compares Tier 1 capital to the total exposure 
measure (non-risk weighted).

--- Page 78 ---
- 74 - 
The minimum solvency ratios required under CRD V are 4.5% for the CET1 ratio, 6.0% for the tier-1 
capital ratio and 8.0% for the total capital ratio (i.e., the pillar 1 minimum ratios). As a result of its 
supervisory review and evaluation process ("SREP") or its examination of internal approaches, the 
competent supervisory authority (in KBC Bank Group's case, the ECB): 

can require the KBC Bank Group to maintain higher minimum ratios (i.e. a pillar 2 requirement 
of 1.75%) because, for instance, not all risks are properly reflected in the regulatory pillar 1 
calculations and a pillar 2 guidance of 1.25% to absorb adverse scenarios; 

can take other measures such as imposing the reservation of distributable profits in whole or 
in part, requiring that variable remuneration be limited to a percentage of the profits and 
requiring the institution to limit the risk associated with certain activities or products or with its 
organisation, where appropriate by imposing the total or partial transfer of its business or 
network. 
On top of this, a number of additional buffers have to be put in place, including a capital conservation 
buffer of 2.5%, a systemic risk buffer and a buffer for systemically important banks "O-SII buffer" (to be 
determined by the national competent authority) and a countercyclical buffer in times of credit growth 
(between 0% and 2.5%, likewise to be determined by the national competent authority). 
In total, this brings the fully loaded CET1 capital requirement to 10.91% (4.5% (pillar 1) + 0.98% (pillar 
2 requirement) + 2.5% (conservation buffer) + 1.5% (O-SII buffer) + 0.15% (sectoral systemic risk 
buffer) + 1.27% (countercyclical buffer)), with an additional pillar 2 guidance of 1.25% consolidated at 
KBC Bank Group level. 
The fully loaded Tier 1 capital and total own funds requirements amounts to 12.73% (10.91% CET1 + 
1.83% additional Tier 1) respectively 15.17% (12.73% Tier 1 + 2.44% Tier 2). 
The following table provides an overview of the CET1 ratio requirement at the level of KBC Bank as at 
31 December 2023*: 
KBC Bank (consolidated) 
Actual 
Fully loaded 
Pillar 1 minimum requirement (P1 min) 
4.50% 
4.50% 
Pillar 2 requirement (P2R) 
0.98% 
0.98% 
Conservation buffer 
2.50% 
2.50% 
O-SII buffer 
1.50% 
1.50% 
Systemic risk buffer 
0.22% 
0.15% 
Countercyclical buffer** 
0.77% 
1.27% 
Overall capital requirement 
10.48% 
10.91% 
CET1 requirement for MDA*** 
10.74% 
11.10% 
** 
The fully loaded countercyclical buffer of the Issuer takes into account all known buffer rates of the national authorities as 
at 30-06-2023. 
*** 
Maximum Distributable Amount under CRD. Shortfall re. AT1 and T2 pillar 1 and pillar 2 buckets is satisfied by CET1. 
KBC Bank clearly exceeds these targets: on 31 December 2023, the fully loaded CET1 ratio for the 
Issuer came to 14.7%, (13.7% at 31 December 2022) which represented a capital buffer of EUR 3.719 
million relative to the fully loaded CET1 requirement for MDA of 11.10%.  
The leverage ratio (Basel III, fully loaded) stood at 5.1% (4.4% at 31 December 2022) relative to the 
minimum requirement of 3%.

--- Page 79 ---
- 75 - 
The payment of dividends by Belgian credit institutions is not limited by Belgian banking regulations, 
except indirectly through capital adequacy and solvency requirements when capital ratios fall below 
certain thresholds. The pay-out is further limited by the general provisions of Belgian company law. 
In July 2021, the ECB has indicated that banks – in the post COVID-19 area – should remain prudent 
when deciding on dividends and share buy-backs, carefully considering the sustainability of their 
business model and that they should not underestimate the risk that additional losses may later have 
an impact on their capital trajectory as support measures expire. 
For completeness, KBC Bank paid an interim dividend regarding 2023 of EUR 587,269,167 and pays 
a final dividend regarding 2023 of EUR 806,250,890 to its parent company KBC Group NV (intragroup 
payments). CBC Banque has paid a dividend regarding 2023 of EUR 61,257,416 to its parent company 
KBC Bank NV. 
Large exposure supervision 
European regulations ensure the solvency of credit institutions by imposing limits on the concentration 
of risk in order to limit the impact of failure on the part of a large debtor. For this purpose, credit 
institutions must limit the amount of risk exposure to any single counterparty to 25% of the total Tier 1 
capital. European regulations also require that the credit institutions establish procedures to contain 
concentrations on economic activity sectors and geographic areas. 
Anti-money laundering 
Belgium has implemented Directive (EU) 2018/843 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 
30 May 2018 on the prevention of the use of the financial system for the purposes of money laundering 
or terrorist financing by the Law of 18 September 2017 on the prevention of money laundering, terrorist 
financing and on the limitation of the use of cash (the "AML Law of 18 September 2017") as last 
amended by the Law of 8 February 2023. This legislation imposes obligations in relation to the 
prevention of money laundering and the financing of terrorism ("ML/TF") to certain obliged entities, 
including credit and financial institutions. These obligations are related to, among others, to the 
identification of the client, the client's representatives and ultimate beneficial owners, the identification 
of the client's characteristics and the purpose and nature of the business relationship, the ongoing due 
diligence during the business relationship, the enhanced due diligence in particular cases (such as in 
case of politically exposed persons), the appointment of an anti-money laundering compliance officer, 
the training of personnel and the restriction on the use of cash. The implementation of measures shall 
be risk-based meaning that the measures shall be differentiated according to the obliged entities' and 
the client's ML/TF risk profile. 
The AML Law of 18 September 2017 also imposes the obligation to promptly notify suspicious 
transactions to the Financial Intelligence Unit. This independent administrative authority is designated 
to receive reports on suspicious transactions, to investigate them and, if necessary, to report them to 
the criminal prosecutors to possibly initiate proceedings. The NBB supervises credit and financial 
institutions on their compliance with this legislation and has issued guidelines in this regard. Belgian 
criminal law specifically addresses criminal offences of money laundering (Article 505 of the Criminal 
Code) and sanctions them with a prison sentence of a minimum of fifteen days and a maximum of five 
years and/or a fine of a minimum of EUR 26 and a maximum of EUR 100,000 (amounts currently to be 
multiplied by 8). 
Consolidated supervision – supplementary supervision 
The Issuers are subject to consolidated supervision by the ECB on the basis of the consolidated 
financial situation of KBC Group NV, which covers, among other things, solvency as described above, 
pursuant to Articles 165 and following of the Banking Law. As subsidiaries of a Belgian mixed financial 
holding company (KBC Group NV) and part of a financial conglomerate, the Issuers are also subject 
to the supplementary supervision by the ECB, according to Directive 2011/89/EU of 16 November 2011

--- Page 80 ---
- 76 - 
amending Directives 98/78/EC, 2002/87/EC, 2006/48/EC and 2009/138/EC as regards the 
supplementary supervision of financial entities in a financial conglomerate (implemented in Articles 185 
and following of the Banking Law). The supplementary supervision relates to, among other things, 
solvency, risk concentration and intra-group transactions and to enhanced reporting obligations. 
The consolidated supervision and the supplementary supervision are aligned as much as possible, as 
described in Article 170 of the Banking Law. 
Bank recovery and resolution 
The Banking Law establishes a range of instruments to tackle potential crises of credit institutions at 
three stages: 
Preparation and prevention 
KBC Group NV has to draw up a group recovery plan, setting out the measures which would be taken 
to stabilise the group as a whole or each credit institution in the group if it is in a difficult financial 
situation, and which seek to address or remove the causes of difficulties and to restore the financial 
situation of the group or credit institution, having regard also to the financial situation of other group 
entities. This group recovery plan must, in principle, be updated at least annually or after a change to 
the legal or organisational structure of the institution, its business or its financial situation, which could 
have a material effect on, or necessitates a change to, the group recovery plan. In its review of the 
recovery plan, the ECB pays particular attention to the appropriateness of the capital and financing 
structure of the credit institutions, of the group, and of group entities in relation to the degree of 
complexity of their organisational structure and their risk profile. 
The SRB will have to prepare a resolution plan for each significant Belgian credit institution, laying out 
the actions it may take if it were to meet the conditions for resolution. The resolution college of the NBB 
has the same powers with regard to the non-significant Belgian credit institutions. If the SRB or the 
Resolution College identifies material impediments to resolvability during the course of this planning 
process, it can require a credit institution to take appropriate measures, including changes to corporate 
and legal structures. 
Early intervention 
The ECB/NBB disposes of a set of powers to intervene if a credit institution faces financial distress 
(e.g. when a credit institution is not operating in accordance with the provisions of the Banking Law), 
but before its financial situation deteriorates irreparably. These powers include the ability to dismiss 
the management and appoint a special commissioner, to convene a meeting of shareholders to adopt 
urgent reforms, to suspend or prohibit all or part of the credit institution's activities (including a partial 
or complete suspension of the execution of current contracts), to order the disposal of all or part of the 
credit institution's shareholdings or the transfer of all or part of the net worth, and finally, to revoke the 
license of the credit institution. 
Resolution 
Pursuant to the Regulation (EU) No 806/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 July 
2014 establishing uniform rules and a uniform procedure for the resolution of credit institutions and 
certain investment firms in the framework of a Single Resolution Mechanism and a Single Bank 
Resolution Fund and amending the Regulation (EU) No 1093/2010 of the European Parliament and of 
the Council (the "Single Resolution Mechanism" or "SRM"), as amended by Regulation (EU) 
2019/877 of 20 May 2019, and as may be further amended from time to time, the Single Resolution 
Mechanism entered into force on 19 August 2014 and applies to credit institutions which fall under the 
supervision of the ECB. It established a Single Resolution Board (the "SRB"), a resolution decision-
making authority replacing national resolution authorities (such as the Resolution College of the NBB) 
for resolution decisions with regard to significant credit institutions. The SRB is responsible since 1

--- Page 81 ---
- 77 - 
January 2016 of vetting resolution plans and carrying out any resolution in cooperation with the national 
resolution authorities (the SRB together with the resolution college of the NBB is hereinafter referred 
to as the "Resolution Authority"). 
The Issuers and KBC Group NV are credit institutions falling within the scope of the Single Supervisory 
Mechanism. 
The resolution authority can decide to take resolution measures if it considers that all of the following 
circumstances are present: (i) the determination has been made by the resolution authority, after 
consulting the competent authority, that a credit institution is failing or is likely to fail, (ii) there is no 
reasonable prospect that any alternative private sector measures or supervisory action can be taken 
to prevent the failure of the institution, and (iii) resolving the credit institution is necessary from a public 
interest perspective. The resolution tools are: (i) the sale of (a part of) the assets/liabilities or the shares 
of the credit institution without the consent of shareholders, (ii) the transfer of business to a temporary 
structure ("bridge bank"), (iii) the separation of clean and toxic assets and the transfer of toxic assets 
to an asset management vehicle and (iv) bail-in. 
The fourth resolution tool, i.e. the bail-in tool, entered into force on 1 January 2016. It was implemented 
into Belgian law through the Belgian Royal Decree of 18 December 2015 implementing the Banking 
Law. Bail-in is a mechanism to write down the eligible liabilities (subordinated debt, senior debt and 
eligible deposits) or to convert debt into equity, as a means of restoring the institution's capital position. 
The resolution authority is also empowered (and in certain circumstances required) to write down or 
convert capital instruments (such as Common Equity Tier 1-, Additional Tier 1- and Tier 2-instruments) 
and eligible liabilities, before or together with the use of any resolution tools, if it determines that a 
credit institution becomes non-viable, that the conditions for the exercise of the resolution powers are 
fulfilled and/or that a credit institution has asked for public support. 
The applicability of the resolution tools and measures to credit institutions that are part of a cross-
border group are regulated by the Belgian Royal Decree of 26 December 2015 amending the Banking 
Law, which entered into force on 1 January 2016.
3.10 
Material contracts 
No member of the KBC Bank Group has entered into any material contracts outside the ordinary course 
of its business which could result in any member of the KBC Bank Group being under an obligation or 
entitlement that is material to the Issuers' ability to meet their obligations under the Savings Certificates. 
3.11 
Recent events 
16 May 2024: KBC Group, the parent company of the KBC Bank, issued its first quarter's results on 16 
May 
2024. 
Please 
refer 
to 
KBC 
Group's 
Q1 
2024 
quarterly 
report 
available 
at 
https://www.kbc.com/content/dam/kbccom/doc/investor-relations/Results/1q2024/1Q24-debt-
presentation.pdf. This document is not incorporated by reference and does not form part of this Base 
Prospectus, and it has not been scrutinised or approved by the FSMA. 
3.12 
Trend information 
The main sources for this section are the European Banking Authority, the ECB and the European 
Commission. 
In 2023, the global economy experienced different regional growth rates. The euro area still suffered 
from the aftermath of the 2022 energy price shock, resulting in stagnant growth dynamics in 2023. The 
US economy, mainly driven by consumer and government incentives, was less affected, resulting in 
above-average growth. In China, after initial growth optimism, the weak global economy and 
unbalanced domestic demand caused disappointing growth in 2023.

--- Page 82 ---
- 78 - 
The global economy also experienced different speeds in early 2024. In the first months of the year, 
economic growth in the euro zone remained stagnant. The German economy in particular suffered 
from the general weakness of the manufacturing industry and the lack of momentum in domestic 
demand. In contrast, the US economy continued to surprise positively with continued strong labour 
market performance that supported private consumption. Meanwhile, despite stronger-than-expected 
growth in industrial production, the Chinese economy continues to struggle with its structural problems.   
In both the euro area and the US, inflation reached its peak in 2023. The strong disinflation was largely 
due to the fact that the high energy prices of 2022 gradually disappeared from the year-on-year inflation 
comparison base. In addition, the dynamics of underlying core inflation (inflation excluding energy and 
food prices) toward the 2023 year-end also contributed to the decline in inflation. In the first months of 
2024, the disinflationary trend of core inflation continued in the euro area. However, in the US, recent 
inflation data point to a pause of the disinflationary path. In both the euro area and the US, inflation still 
remains above the central banks’ inflation target.      
Against the backdrop of peaking inflation, both the Fed and ECB halted their tightening cycles in 2023, 
in July and September, respectively. In terms of quantitative balance sheet policy, the ECB followed 
the Fed's path in 2023 and began the non-reinvestment of its APP portfolio in March 2023. In December 
2023, the ECB announced that it will also completely stop reinvestments of its PEPP portfolio from 
2025 on, after a transition period in the second half of 2024. In June 2024, the Fed decided to keep its 
policy rates at the current peak level, while the ECB decided to lower the three key ECB interest rates 
by 25 basis points. On 18 July 2024, the ECB decided to keep the three key ECB interest rates 
unchanged. 
Spurred by rising policy rates and normalising risk premia, US and German 10-year bond yields rates 
initially rose sharply in 2023 to about 5% and 3%, respectively, in the third quarter. However, as the 
end of the tightening cycle became clearer toward the 2023 year-end, both benchmark interest rates 
corrected sharply downward. However, in early 2024, US and German bond yields rose again as 
markets became increasingly aware that the start and extent of policy rate cuts in 2024 would occur 
later, and to a more limited extent than initially expected. This brought the US and German 10-year 
bond yields to about 4.7% and 2.6% respectively in the second half of April 2024.
3.13 
Litigation 
This section sets out material litigation to which the Issuers or any of their companies (or certain 
individuals in their capacity as current or former employees or officers of the Issuers or any of their 
companies) are party. It describes all claims, quantified or not, that could lead to the impairment of the 
company's reputation or to a sanction by an external regulator or governmental authority, or that could 
present a risk of criminal conviction for the company, the members of the board or the management. 
Although the outcome of these matters is uncertain and some of the claims concern relatively 
substantial amounts in damages, the management does not believe that the liabilities arising from 
these claims will adversely affect the Issuers' consolidated financial position or results, given the 
provisions that, where necessary, have been set aside for these disputes.
Lazare Kaplan International Inc. 
Lazare Kaplan International Inc. is a U.S. based diamond company ("LKI"). Lazare Kaplan Belgium 
NV is LKI's Belgian affiliate ("LKB"). LKI and LKB together are hereinafter referred to as LK. The 
merger between KBC Bank and Antwerpse Diamantbank NV ("ADB") on 1 July 2015 entails that KBC 
Bank is now a party to the proceedings below, both in its own name and in its capacity as legal 
successor to ADB. 
However, for the sake of clarity, further reference is made to ADB on the one hand and the Issuer on 
the other hand as they existed at the time of the facts described.

--- Page 83 ---
- 79 - 
Fact summary 
Since 2008, LKB has been involved in a serious dispute with its former business partners, DD 
Manufacturing NV and KT Collection BVBA (Daleyot), Antwerp based diamond companies belonging 
to Mr. Erez Daleyot. This dispute relates to a joint venture LK and Daleyot set up in Dubai (called 
"Gulfdiam"). 
LKB and Daleyot became entangled in a complex litigation in Belgium, each claiming that the other 
party is their debtor. Daleyot initiated proceedings before the Commercial Court of Antwerp for payment 
of commercial invoices for an amount of (initially) approximately USD 9 million. LKB launched separate 
proceedings for payment of commercial invoices for (initially) an amount of approximately USD 38 
million. 
At the end of 2009, ADB terminated LK's credit facilities. After LK failed to repay the amount outstanding 
of approximately USD 45 million in principal, ADB started proceedings before the Commercial Court of 
Antwerp, section Antwerp for the recovery of said amount. In a bid to prevent having to pay back the 
amount owed, LK in turn initiated several legal proceedings against ADB and/or KBC Bank in Belgium 
and the USA. These proceedings, which are summarised below, relate to, inter alia, the dispute 
between ADB and LKI with regard to the termination of the credit facility and the recovery of all the 
monies LKI owes under the terminated credit facility as well as allegations that LK was deprived out of 
circa USD 140 million by DD Manufacturing and other Daleyot entities in cooperation with ADB. 
Overview Legal Proceedings 
Belgian proceedings (overview per court entity) 
A.1. Company Court of Antwerp, section Antwerp 
On 16 March 2010, proceedings were initiated by ADB against LKI in order to recover the monies owed 
to it under the terminated credit facility (approximately USD 45 million in principal). LKB voluntarily 
intervened in this proceeding and claimed an amount of USD 350 million from ADB. LKI launched a 
counterclaim of USD 500 million against ADB (from which it claims any amount awarded to LKB must 
be deducted). 
LKI and /or LKB started numerous satellite proceedings with the sole aim to delay the decision of the 
Company Court of Antwerp, section Antwerp regarding ADB's recovery claim. (see also proceedings 
described under point A.2., A.3. and A.4.). 
Numerous times LKI and/or LKB were convicted for reckless and vexatious legal actions and were 
ordered to pay KBC Bank in damages for a total amount of EUR 495,000 and legal expenses (including 
the legal representation costs) of EUR 204,015.51 (including the amounts granted by the decisions 
described under point A.3 below). 
All decisions (45) regarding these proceedings rejected LKI and /or LKB's claims / legal actions. Only 
three decisions were rendered in favour of LKI. The first was a decision of the United States Court of 
Appeals for the Second Circuit in 2013 whereby the RICO case was reversed and remanded back to 
the District Court on legal technical grounds. The second decision was the ruling of Court of Cassation 
dated 19 December 2019, which only partially annulled the Antwerp Court of Appeal decision of 13 
December 2018 regarding the lack of reasoning in relation to the order of LKI and LKB to pay damages 
for vexatious reckless proceedings. The case was only sent to the Brussel Court of Appeal on this 
aspect. The third decision was the ruling of the Court of Cassation dated 25 January 2021 annulling 
the decision of the Antwerp Court of Appeals dated 28 February 2019 but only on technical legal 
grounds (see point A.3. below). 
As of today after almost 10 years of litigation the Company Court of Antwerp, section Antwerp has still 
not been able to decide on the merits of the case. On 6 October 2020, the Company Court of Antwerp

--- Page 84 ---
- 80 - 
ordered a briefing schedule inviting parties to take a position on the procedural objections invoked by 
LK regarding the handling of KBC Bank's claim by the Court. 
On 3 June 2021, the Company Court of Antwerp, section Antwerp declared that it has jurisdiction to 
rule on all claims and dismissed the procedural objections invoked by LK. A court hearing was set for 
8 September 2022. 
However LKB and LKI lodged separate appeals against the decision of 3 June 2021. The Antwerp 
Court of Appeal merged the two appeals. Both these cases were set for hearing at 15 June 2023. 
However, the day before, LKB filed two petitions for withdrawal. Thereupon, the Court adjourned both 
these cases to the hearing of 30 November 2023. 
By two judgments dated 19 October 2023, the Court of Cassation dismissed the aforementioned 
petitions for withdrawal and ordered LKB for the two applications each to pay 10,000 euros in damages 
for vexatious reckless litigation. 
On 8 February 2024 the Antwerp Court of Appeal rendered an interlocutory judgment deciding to 
suspend the proceedings pending the outcome of the criminal inquiries. 
A.2. Company Court of Antwerp, section Antwerp 
On 28 July 2014, LK launched proceedings against ADB and certain Daleyot entities. This claim is 
aimed at having certain transactions of the Daleyot entities declared null and void or at least not 
opposable against LK. 
LK also filed a damage claim against ADB for a provisional amount of USD 60 million based on the 
alleged third party complicity of ADB. This case is still pending. The court postponed the case sine die. 
A.3. Company Court of Antwerp, section Antwerp 
On 10 December 2014, LKB filed a proceeding against ADB and KBC Bank claiming an amount of 
approximately USD 77 million, based on the allegedly wrongful grant and maintenance of credit 
facilities by ADB and KBC Bank to the Daleyot entities. In its last court brief LK claims an additional 
amount of approximately USD 5 million. 
By decision of 7 February 2017, the Commercial Court of Antwerp, section Antwerp (now Company 
Court of Antwerp, section Antwerp) dismissed LKB's claim. Moreover, the Court decided that the 
proceedings initiated by LKB were reckless and vexatious and ordered LKB to pay EUR 250,000 in 
damages, as well as the maximum legal representation cost of EUR 72,000. 
LKB appealed against the decision of 7 February 2017. On 28 February 2019, the Antwerp Court of 
Appeals dismissed LKB's appeal. LKB was ordered to pay the legal representation cost for the appeal 
proceedings of EUR 18,000. On 18 June 2019 LKB initiated proceedings before the Court of Cassation 
against the decision of the Antwerp Court of Appeals dated 28 February 2019. On 25 January 2021, 
the Court of Cassation annulled the decision of the Antwerp Court of Appeals, but only on technical 
legal grounds relating to the Court of Appeals' assessment of the limitation period for LKB's liability 
claims. The case is sent to the Ghent Court of Appeals. LKI – which was not a party to the first instance 
proceedings – commenced third-party opposition proceedings against the same decision with the 
Commercial Court (now Company Court). By decision of 7 May 2019, the Company Court dismissed 
the third- party opposition proceedings initiated by LKI. The Court ordered LKI to pay the legal 
representation cost of EUR 1,440. 
A.4. Criminal complaint 
On 13 October 2016 LK filed a criminal complaint with the Investigating Magistrate at the Dutch 
speaking Court of First Instance of Brussels against KBC Bank.

--- Page 85 ---
- 81 - 
On 9 April 2019 LK filed an additional complaint with the same Investigation Magistrate against KBC 
Bank and certain of its (former) employees. The criminal complaints are based, inter alia, on: 
embezzlement, theft and money-laundering. 
On 29 September 2021, KBC Bank received notification that the chambers section of the Criminal 
Court of Brussels will decide on the closure of the criminal investigation and on the regulation of 
procedure (either dismissal of charges or referral to the criminal court). On 16 November 2021 the 
chambers section of the Criminal Court decided to postpone indefinitely the proceedings because of 
LKI and LKB's request for additional investigation. 
Bernard L. Madoff Investments Securities LLC and Bernard L. Madoff 
On 6 October 2011, Irving H. Picard, trustee for the substantively consolidated SIPA (Securities 
Investor Protection Corporation Act) liquidation of Bernard L. Madoff Investments Securities LLC and 
Bernard L. Madoff, sued KBC Investments Ltd (a wholly-owned subsidiary of KBC Bank) before the 
bankruptcy court in New York to recover approximately USD 110,000,000 worth of transfers made to 
KBC entities. The basis for this claim were the subsequent transfers that KBC Investments Ltd had 
received from Harley International, a Madoff feeder fund established under the laws of the Cayman 
Islands. This claim is one of a whole set made by the trustee against several banks, hedge funds, 
feeder funds and investors. In addition to the issues addressed by the district court, briefings were held 
on the applicability of the Bankruptcy Code's 'safe harbor' and 'good defenses' rules to subsequent 
transferees (as is the case for KBC Investments Ltd). KBC Investments Ltd, together with numerous 
other defendants, filed motions for dismissal. District court Judge Jed Rakoff has made several 
intermediate rulings in this matter, the most important of which are the rulings on extraterritoriality and 
good faith defences. 
On 27 April 2014, Judge Rakoff issued an opinion and order regarding the 'good faith' standard and 
pleading burden to be applied in the Picard/SIPA proceeding based on sections 548(b) and 559(b) of 
the Bankruptcy Code. As such, the burden of proof that lies on Picard/SIPA is that KBC Investments 
Ltd should have been aware of the fraud perpetrated by Madoff. On 7 July 2014, Judge Rakoff ruled 
that Picard/SIPA's reliance on section 550(a) does not allow for the recovery of subsequent transfers 
received abroad by a foreign transferee from a foreign transferor (as is the case for KBC Investments 
Ltd.). Therefore, the trustee's recovery claims have been dismissed to the extent that they seek to 
recover purely foreign transfers. In June 2015, the trustee filed a petition against KBC Investments Ltd 
to overturn the ruling that the claim fails on extraterritoriality grounds. In this petition, the trustee also 
amended the original claim including the sum sought. The amount has been increased to 
USD 196,000,000. 
On 21 November 2016, Judge Bernstein issued a memorandum decision regarding claims to recover 
foreign subsequent transfers, including the transfers which the trustee seeks to recover from KBC 
Investments Ltd. In this memorandum decision, Judge Bernstein concluded that the trustee's claims 
based on foreign transfers should be dismissed out of concern for international comity and ordered a 
dismissal of the action against KBC Investments Ltd. and on 3 March 2017, the Bankruptcy Court 
issued an appealable order denying the Madoff Trustee's request for leave to amend his Complaint 
and dismissing the Complaint. On 16 March 2017 the trustee Picard filed an appeal of dismissal, on 
27 September 2017 the Second Circuit granted trustee Picard's petition for a direct appeal, on 10 
January 2018 trustee Picard filed his opening brief in appeal to Second Circuit. 
Briefing in the appeal was completed on 8 May 2018, and the Second Circuit held oral argument on 16 
November 2018. 
On 28 February 2019 the Second Circuit reversed the Bankruptcy Court's dismissal of the actions 
against KBC Investments Ltd on extraterritoriality and international comity grounds. The action against 
KBC Investments Ltd has therefore been remanded back to the Bankruptcy Court for further 
proceedings.

--- Page 86 ---
- 82 - 
In April 2019 a request for rehearing was denied. 
On 30 August 2019, a petition for writ of certiorari was filed with the U.S. Supreme Court to consider 
the appeal and reverse the Second Circuit decision by the joint defence group. 
On 10 December 2019, the U.S. Supreme Court entered a brief order inviting the U.S. Solicitor General 
to file a brief expressing the views of the United States Government. 
On 10 April 2020 the United States Solicitor General filed a brief recommending that the Supreme 
Court deny the Madoff defendants' petition for a writ of certiorari. 
On 2 June 2020, the U.S. Supreme Court denied the petition. As a consequence the merits of the case 
will be handled by the Bankruptcy Court. 
On 1 August 2022, the Bankruptcy Court judge issued a stipulation and order regarding the filing of an 
amended complaint and subsequent scheduling of proceedings. As a result, the Trustee amended his 
complaint on August 5, 2022 by reducing his claim to U.S.$86,000,000, consisting of subsequent 
transfers received by KBC Investments Ltd from Harley (a feeder fund). On 18 November 2022, KBC 
filed a motion to dismiss the amended complaint for lack of specific jurisdiction of the US court. On 26 
April 2023, the Court dismissed this motion contesting jurisdiction and proceeded to establish a case 
management plan for the proceedings, which provides for a term for the investigation of the facts that 
ends on 22 September 2025. In the meantime, both parties have released the first factual documents. 
The next step is to select certain persons named in the disclosures already made and who are likely 
to be heard by one or both parties in the proceedings.  KBC still believes, although the burden of proof 
has been increased, it has good and credible defenses, both procedurally as on the merits including 
demonstrating its good faith. The procedure may still take several years. 
ICEC-Holding 
On 6 March 2007, ICEC-HOLDING, a.s. ("ICEC") initiated an ad-hoc arbitration proceedings with 
CSOB as the legal successor of Investicni a Postovni Banka ("IPB"). ICEC claimed that in 1999, IPB 
breached the pre-emption right of ICEC, related to the shares of Slovenian paper mill VIPAP, under 
the purchase agreement concluded between ICEC and IPB in 1998 (the "Share Purchase
Agreement"). In this regard, ICEC claimed a payment of app. CZK 11,89 billion, together with the 
statutory default interests from 1 January 2007. In following years, the arbitral tribunal has been 
repeatedly reconstituted. In April 2021, the courts finally appointed Mr. Ivan Cestr as the chairman of 
the tribunal. In June 2022, the oral hearing took place and later in July 2022, the parties submitted its 
final written submissions. 
On 16 February 2023, CSOB received the final arbitral award (the "Award"), in which the arbitral 
tribunal ordered CSOB pay to ICEC the amount of CZK 1,576,000,000 plus default interest in the 
amount of CZK 2,082,441,329.74 for the period from 1 January 2007 until 31 December 2022, and 
also the default interest accruing from 1 January 2023 until payment. The rest of the claim (to the end 
of the year 2022, the claim with interests reached app. CZK 27,6 billion) was dismissed. The costs of 
proceedings were distributed between the parties based on the outcome of the Arbitration. ICEC was 
ordered to pay to the CSOB the amount of CZK 17,380,536.23 in costs of proceedings and CSOB was 
ordered to pay to ICEC the amount of CZK 4,985,014.22.  
In short, the tribunal acknowledged the ICEC´s claim for damages (however, contractually limited to 
CZK 1,576 bn.) and refused the claim for the contractual penalty and for payment of the inflation. On 
May 2023, ICEC submitted a petition with the Municipal Court in Prague seeking annulment of the 
Award. On 7 February 2024 the Court rejected the claim in its entirety. ICEC appealed this judgment 
in March 2024. So the appellation court has to decide on merits again.

--- Page 87 ---
- 83 - 
RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT
This section identifies the persons responsible for the information in this Base Prospectus 
The Issuers 
Each Issuer accepts responsibility for the information given in this Base Prospectus and the Final 
Terms for each Series of Savings Certificates issued by it under the Programme. To the best of each 
Issuer's knowledge, the information contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts 
and contains no omission likely to affect its import. 
Third party information
Where information in this Base Prospectus has been sourced from third parties, this information has 
been accurately reproduced and as far as the Issuers are aware and is able to ascertain from the 
information published by such third parties no facts have been omitted which would render the 
reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. The source of third party information is identified 
where used. 
KBC Group NV 
Neither KBC Group NV nor any other member of the KBC Group (other than the Issuers) has approved 
or authorised this Base Prospectus, or accepts any responsibility in connection with this Base 
Prospectus. The Issuers are solely responsible for the information in this Base Prospectus relating to 
KBC Group NV as set out above.

--- Page 88 ---
- 84 - 
GENERAL INFORMATION
This section provides certain additional general information relating to all Savings Certificates. 
Authorisation
The Programme and the issue of the Savings Certificates thereunder has been authorised by 
resolutions of persons mandated by KBC Bank's Executive Committee (directiecomité/comité de 
direction) dated on or about 6 August 2024 respectively resolutions of CBC Banque's Executive 
Committee (directiecomité/comité de direction) dated on or about 6 August 2024. 
Documents available
Copies of (i) KBC Bank's 2022 Annual Report and KBC Bank's 2023 Annual Report, and CBC Banque's 
2022 Annual Report and CBC Banque's 2022 Annual Report, and of all subsequent annual reports to 
be published and (ii) copies of the articles of association of KBC Bank and CBC Banque are available 
free of charge at the office of KBC Bank and CBC Banque, respectively and will be available during 
the entire lifetime of the Savings Certificates. 
Additionally, 
the 
annual 
reports 
of 
the 
Issuers 
are 
available 
on 
their 
websites  
https://www.kbc.com/en/investor-relations/information-on-kbc-bank/annual-and-interim-reports.html
(in English) / https://www.cbc.be/particuliers/fr/informations-legales/chiffres-financiers.html?zone= (in 
French). The information on these websites does not form part of, and is not incorporated by reference 
into, this Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the FSMA, except for 
information that is incorporated by reference in accordance with the section "Documents incorporated 
by Reference" of this Base Prospectus. 
Admission to trading and dealing arrangements
The Savings Certificates will not be the subject of an application for admission to trading on a regulated 
or non-regulated market, nor have any Savings Certificates previously issued under the Base 
Prospectus ever been the subject of an application for admission to trading on a regulated market or 
equivalent market. 
In case of sale of the Savings Certificates before maturity, the sale proceeds can be lower than the 
invested amount. 
Hyperlinks to websites 
Where this Base Prospectus contains hyperlinks to websites, the information on the relevant websites 
does not form part of, and is not incorporated by reference into, this Base Prospectus and has not been 
scrutinised or approved by the FSMA, except for information that is incorporated by reference in 
accordance with the section "Documents incorporated by Reference" of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 89 ---
- 85 - 
THE ISSUERS
KBC Bank NV 
CBC Banque SA 
Havenlaan 2 
Avenue Albert 1er 
B-1080 Brussels 
B-5000 Namur 
Belgium 
Belgium 
PAYING AGENT
KBC Bank NV
Havenlaan 2 
B-1080 Brussels 
Belgium 
LEGAL ADVISER
(as to Belgian law) 
Hogan Lovells International LLP 
Rue Belliard 9 
1040 Brussels 
Belgium 
STATUTORY AUDITOR
to the Issuers 
PricewaterhouseCoopers Bedrijfsrevisoren BV 
Culliganlaan 5 
B-1831 Diegem 
Belgium