--- Page 1 ---
Cellnex Finance Company, S.A.U. 
(incorporated as a limited liability company (sociedad anónima) in the Kingdom of Spain) 
€10,000,000,000 
Guaranteed Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
guaranteed by 
Cellnex Telecom, S.A. 
(incorporated as a limited liability company (sociedad anónima) in the Kingdom of Spain)
This base prospectus (the “Base Prospectus”) has been approved by the Central Bank of Ireland (the “Central Bank”), as 
competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017 (the 
“Prospectus Regulation”). In compliance with Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation, this Base Prospectus has been 
approved for the purpose of giving information with regard to the issue of notes (“Notes”) by Cellnex Finance Company, 
S.A.U. (the “Issuer” or “Cellnex Finance”) under the Guaranteed Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the 
“Programme”) described in this Base Prospectus. The payment of all amounts due in respect of the Notes will be 
unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by Cellnex Telecom, S.A. (the “Guarantor” or “Cellnex”). The obligations 
of the Guarantor in that respect (the “Guarantee”) are contained in the deed of guarantee dated 3 December 2020. This 
Base Prospectus has been prepared in accordance with, and including the information required by, Annexes 7, 15 and 21 
of the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 of 14 March 2019 supplementing the Prospectus Regulation. 
The Central Bank only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the requirements of completeness, comprehensibility and 
consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such an approval should not be considered as an endorsement of either 
the Issuer or the Guarantor that are the subject of this Base Prospectus nor as an endorsement of the quality of any Notes 
that are the subject of the Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in 
such Notes. Such approval relates only to the issue of Notes under the Programme during the period of 12 months after the 
date hereof which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU on markets 
in financial instruments (“MiFID II”, as amended) and/or which are to be offered to the public in any Member State of the 
European Economic Area (the “EEA”) or in the United Kingdom (the “UK”). 
Application has been made to Euronext Dublin (as defined below) for the Notes issued under the Programme described in 
this Base Prospectus to be admitted to the official list (the “Official List”) and trading on its regulated market. 
The Programme also permits Notes to be issued on the basis that they will be admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation 
by such other or further competent authorities, stock exchanges and/or quotation systems as may be agreed with the Issuer 
and the Guarantor. 
References in the Base Prospectus to “Euronext Dublin” (and all related references) shall mean the regulated market of the 
Irish Stock Exchange plc, doing business as Euronext Dublin. In addition, references in the Base Prospectus to the Notes 
being “listed” (and all related references) shall mean that such Notes have been admitted to listing on the Official List of 
Euronext Dublin and admitted to trading on its regulated market or, as the case may be, a MiFID II regulated market. The 
regulated market of Euronext Dublin is a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II. This document may be used to

--- Page 2 ---
list Notes on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin pursuant to the Programme. The Programme provides for Notes to 
be listed on such other or further stock exchange(s) as may be agreed between the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor and the 
relevant Dealer(s) (as defined below). The maximum aggregate nominal amount of all Notes from time to time outstanding 
under the Programme will not exceed €10,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies, subject to increase as provided 
herein). The Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be agreed between the Issuer, the Guarantor and the 
relevant Dealer(s) and as specified in the applicable Final Terms, save that the minimum denomination of each Note will 
be such amount as may be allowed or required from time to time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any 
laws or regulations applicable to the relevant specified currency indicated in the applicable Final Terms (as defined below), 
and save that the minimum denomination of each Note admitted to trading on a regulated market situated or operating 
within the EEA or the UK and/or offered to the public in an EEA state or the UK in circumstances which require the 
publication of a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation will be €100,000 (or, if the Notes are denominated in a 
currency other than euro, the equivalent amount in such currency). 
Notice of the aggregate nominal amount of Notes, interest payable in respect of Notes and the issue price of Notes will be 
set out in the Final Terms (as defined herein) which will also complete information set out in the terms and conditions 
applicable to each Tranche (as defined under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”), as required. With respect to Notes to 
be listed on Euronext Dublin, the Final Terms will be delivered to the Central Bank on or before the date of issue of the 
Notes of such Tranche. Copies of the Final Terms relating to Notes which are listed on Euronext Dublin or offered in 
circumstances which require a prospectus to be published under the Prospectus Regulation will be available for viewing 
on the website of Euronext Dublin (www.ise.ie) and free of charge, at the registered office of the Issuer, the registered 
office of the Guarantor and at the specified office of each of the Paying Agents (as defined under “Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes”). 
Investing in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks. The principal risk factors that may affect the abilities 
of the Issuer and the Guarantor to fulfil its obligations under the Notes are discussed under “Risk Factors” below. 
The Notes have not been, and will not be, registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933 (the “Securities Act”) or with 
any securities regulatory authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States (the “U.S.”), and Notes in bearer 
form are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. The Notes may not be offered, sold or (in the case of Notes in bearer form) 
delivered within the U.S. or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities 
Act (“Regulation S”)) except in certain transactions exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act.  
MiFID II product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes will include a legend entitled 
“MiFID II Product Governance” which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels 
for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
“distributor”) should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID Product Governance 
rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the “MiFID Product Governance Rules”), any Dealer subscribing for any 
Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger (as defined in “Overview”) nor the 
Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MIFID Product Governance 
Rules. 
PRIIPs / IMPORTANT – EEA AND UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the EEA 
or in the UK. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in 
point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor 
as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No. 
1286/2014 (as amended the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to

--- Page 3 ---
retail investors in the EEA or in the UK will be prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to any retail investor in the EEA or in the UK may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
Amounts payable on Floating Rate Notes may be calculated by reference to one of the Euro Interbank Offered Rate 
(“EURIBOR”), the London Interbank Offered Rate (“LIBOR”) or the Sterling Overnight Index Average (“SONIA”) rate 
as specified in the relevant Final Terms, which are provided by the European Money Markets Institutes (“EMMI”),ICE 
Benchmark Administration Limited (“ICE”) and the Bank of England, respectively. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, 
EMMI and ICE are included in the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the European 
Securities and Markets Authorities pursuant to Article 36 of the Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 (the “Benchmark 
Regulation”), while the Bank of England does not appear on the register. 
Arranger 
BNP PARIBAS 
Dealers 
BANCO SABADELL 
BNP PARIBAS 
CAIXABANK  
IMI – Intesa Sanpaolo 
MEDIOBANCA 
SANTANDER 
 
UNICREDIT BANK 
 
 
3 December 2020

--- Page 4 ---
IMPORTANT NOTICES 
Responsibility for this Base Prospectus 
The Issuer and the Guarantor accept responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and any 
applicable Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus (as defined below) and declare that, to the best of the knowledge 
of the Issuer and the Guarantor, the information contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts 
and makes no omission likely to affect its import.  
Final Terms/Drawdown Prospectus 
Each Tranche (as defined herein) of Notes will be issued on the terms set out herein under “Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes” (the “Conditions”) as completed by a document specific to such Tranche called final terms (the 
“Final Terms”) or by a separate prospectus specific to such Tranche (the “Drawdown Prospectus”) as described 
under “Final Terms and Drawdown Prospectuses” below. 
Other relevant information 
This Base Prospectus must be read and construed together with any supplements hereto and with any information 
incorporated by reference herein and, in relation to any Tranche of Notes which is the subject of Final Terms, 
must be read and construed together with the relevant Final Terms. In the case of a Tranche of Notes which is the 
subject of a Drawdown Prospectus, each reference in this Base Prospectus to information being specified or 
identified in the relevant Final Terms shall be read and construed as a reference to such information being 
specified or identified in the relevant Drawdown Prospectus unless the context requires otherwise. 
The Issuer and the Guarantor have confirmed to the Dealers named under “Subscription and Sale” below that 
this Base Prospectus contains all information which is (in the context of the Programme, the issue, offering and 
sale of the Notes) material; that such information is true and accurate in all material respects and is not misleading 
in any material respect; that any opinions, predictions or intentions expressed herein are honestly held or made 
and are not misleading in any material respect; that this Base Prospectus does not omit to state any material fact 
necessary to make such information, opinions, predictions or intentions (in the context of the Programme, the 
issue, offering and sale of the Notes) not misleading in any material respect; and that all proper enquiries have 
been made to verify the foregoing. 
Unauthorised information 
No person is or has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation not contained in or 
not consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other document entered into in relation to the Programme or any 
information supplied by the Issuer or the Guarantor or such other information as is in the public domain and, if 
given or made, such information or representation should not be relied upon as having been authorised by the 
Issuer, the Guarantor or any Dealer. 
Neither the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates have authorised the whole or any part of this Base 
Prospectus and none of them makes any representation or warranty or accepts any responsibility as to the 
accuracy or completeness of the information contained in this Base Prospectus or any supplement hereto, or any 
Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus or any document incorporated herein by reference. Neither the delivery of 
this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be, nor the offering, sale or 
delivery of any Note shall, in any circumstances, create any implication that the information contained in this 
Base Prospectus is true subsequent to the date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most 
recently amended or supplemented or that there has been no adverse change, or any event reasonably likely to 
involve any adverse change, in the prospects or financial or trading position of the Issuer and the Guarantor since 
the date thereof or, if later, the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently amended or 
supplemented or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is correct at any time

--- Page 5 ---
5 
subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the document containing the 
same. 
This Base Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with all documents which are incorporated herein by reference 
(see “Information Incorporated by Reference”). 
Restrictions on distribution 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and any Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be, and 
the offering, sale and delivery of the Notes in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into whose 
possession this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be, comes are 
required by the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Dealers to inform themselves about and to observe any such 
restrictions. For a description of certain restrictions on offers, sales and deliveries of Notes and on the distribution 
of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be, and other offering 
material relating to the Notes, see “Subscription and Sale”. 
In particular, the Notes have not been, and will not be, registered under the Securities Act or with any securities 
regulatory authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the U.S., and Notes in bearer form are subject to U.S. tax 
law requirements. The Notes may not be offered, sold or (in the case of Notes in bearer form) delivered within 
the U.S. or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S) except in certain 
transactions exempt from the registration requirements in the Securities Act. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be, constitutes an 
offer or an invitation to subscribe for or purchase any Notes and should not be considered as a recommendation 
by the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Dealers or any of them that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any Final 
Terms or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be, should subscribe for or purchase any Notes. Each recipient 
of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be, shall be taken to have 
made its own investigation and appraisal of the condition (financial or otherwise) of the Issuer and the Guarantor. 
Programme limit 
The maximum aggregate principal amount of Notes outstanding at any one time under the Programme will not 
exceed €10,000,000,000 and for this purpose, any Notes denominated in another currency shall be translated into 
euro at the date of the agreement to issue such Notes (calculated in accordance with the provisions of the Dealer 
Agreement). The maximum aggregate principal amount of Notes which may be outstanding at any one time under 
the Programme may be increased from time to time, subject to compliance with the relevant provisions of the 
Dealer Agreement as defined under “Subscription and Sale”. 
Certain definitions 
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified, references to a “Member State” are references to a Member 
State of the EEA, references to “U.S. $”, “U.S. dollars” or “dollars” are to United States dollars, and references 
to “€”, “EUR” or “euro” are to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and 
monetary union, and as defined in Article 2 of Council Regulation (EC) No. 974/98 of 3 May 1998 on the 
introduction of the euro as amended. 
Certain figures included in this Base Prospectus have been subject to rounding adjustments; accordingly, figures 
shown for the same category presented in different tables may vary slightly and figures shown as totals in certain 
tables may not be an arithmetic aggregation of the figures which precede them. 
Ratings 
Tranches of Notes issued under the Programme will be rated or unrated. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, such 
rating will not necessarily be the same as the rating(s) assigned to Notes already issued. Where a Tranche of 
Notes is rated, the applicable rating(s) will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. Whether or not each credit

--- Page 6 ---
6 
rating applied for in relation to a relevant Tranche of Notes will be (1) issued by a credit rating agency established 
in the EEA or in the UK and registered (or which has applied for registration and not been refused) under the 
Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009, as amended (the “CRA Regulation”), or (2) issued by a credit rating agency 
which is not established in the EEA or in the UK but will be endorsed by a CRA which is established in the EEA 
or in the UK and registered under the CRA Regulation or (3) issued by a credit rating agency which is not 
established in the EEA or in the UK but which is certified under the CRA Regulation, will be disclosed in the 
Final Terms. In general, European regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes 
if such rating is not issued by a credit rating agency established in the EEA or in the UK and registered under the 
CRA Regulation unless (1) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the EEA or in the 
UK but is endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the EEA or in the UK and registered under the CRA 
Regulation or (2) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the EEA or in the UK which 
is certified under the CRA Regulation. 
Language 
The language of the Base Prospectus is English. Certain legislative references and technical terms have been 
cited in their original language in order that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed to them under 
applicable law. 
Stabilisation 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in the applicable 
Final Terms may over allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the 
Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However, stabilisation may not necessarily 
occur. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the 
terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is made and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must 
end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 days 
after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche of Notes. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment 
must be conducted by the relevant Stabilisation Manager(s) (or person(s) acting on behalf of any 
Stabilisation Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws and rules.

--- Page 7 ---
7 
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
This Base Prospectus includes forward-looking statements that reflect the Issuer’s and the Guarantor’s intentions, 
beliefs or current expectations and projections about their future results of operations, financial condition, 
liquidity, performance, prospects, anticipated growth, strategies, plans, opportunities, trends and the market in 
which they operate. The Issuer and the Guarantor have tried to identify these and other forward-looking 
statements by using the words “may”, “could”, “will”, “would”, “should”, “expect”, “intend”, “estimate”, 
“anticipate”, “guidance”, “project”, “future”, “potential”, “believe”, “seek”, “plan”, “aim”, “expect”, “objective”, 
“goal”, “project”, “strategy”, “target”, “continue” and similar expressions or their negatives. These forward-
looking statements are based on numerous assumptions regarding the Issuer’s and the Guarantor’s present and 
future business and the environment in which they expect to operate in the future. Forward-looking statements 
may be found in the sections of this Base Prospectus entitled “Risk Factors”, “Description of the Issuer” and 
“Description of the Guarantor” and elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. 
These forward-looking statements are subject to known and unknown risks, uncertainties and assumptions and 
other factors that could cause the Issuer’s and/or the Guarantor’s actual results of operations, financial condition, 
liquidity, performance, prospects, anticipated growth, strategies, plans or opportunities, as well as those of the 
markets they serve or intend to serve, to differ materially from those expressed in, or suggested by, these forward-
looking statements. Important factors that could cause those differences include, but are not limited to: 
 
the Issuer is a finance vehicle and its ability to meet its obligations under the Notes depends upon Cellnex 
and other companies in the Group meeting their obligations with the Issuer in a timely manner;  
 
a deterioration in the demand for the services that the Guarantor provides, as well as customer 
concentration and loss of customers; 
 
risks derived from the development, expansion and maintenance of the Guarantor’s infrastructure; 
 
significant agreements could be modified or terminated due to change of control clauses being triggered 
or contractual obligations breached; 
 
unexpected adjustments and cancellations of the Guarantor’s backlog unfilled orders; 
 
adverse economic and political conditions in any or all of the jurisdictions in which the Guarantor and its 
consolidated subsidiaries (together, the “Group”) operate; 
 
factors derived from the Guarantor’s status of “significant market power” (SMP, as defined herein) 
operator in the digital terrestrial television (DTT, as defined herein) market; 
 
lack of spectrum secured in the future, or losing access to other basic resources; 
 
impact of the increasing indebtedness of the Issuer and/or the Guarantor and inability to manage financial 
risks; 
 
historical consolidated financial information only takes into account the transactions completed as of each 
reporting period; 
 
inability to manage foreign currency risks; 
 
changes in tax regulation that affect the value of the Group’s significant deferred tax liabilities and deferred 
tax assets; and 
 
the Guarantor’s significant shareholder’s interests may differ from those of the Guarantor.

--- Page 8 ---
8 
Additional factors that could cause the Issuer’s and the Guarantor’s actual results, financial condition, liquidity, 
performance, prospects, opportunities, achievements or industry results to differ, include, but are not limited to, 
those discussed under “Risk Factors”. In light of these risks, uncertainties and assumptions, the forward-looking 
events described in this Base Prospectus may not occur. Additional risks that the Issuer and the Guarantor may 
currently deem immaterial or that are not presently known to the Issuer and the Guarantor could also cause the 
forward-looking events discussed in this Base Prospectus not to occur. These forward-looking statements speak 
only as of the date on which they are made. Except as otherwise required by applicable securities law and 
regulations and by any applicable stock exchange regulations, the Issuer and the Guarantor undertake no 
obligation to update publicly or revise publicly any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new 
information, future events, changed circumstances or any other reason after the date of this Base Prospectus. 
Given the uncertainty inherent in forward-looking statements, the Issuer and the Guarantor caution prospective 
investors not to place undue reliance on these statements. 
The Dealers assume no responsibility or liability for, and make no representation, warranty or assurance 
whatsoever in respect of, any of the forward-looking statements contained in this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 9 ---
9 
CONTENTS 
 
OVERVIEW ......................................................................................................................................................10 
RISK FACTORS ...............................................................................................................................................16 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ..................................................................................39 
FINAL TERMS AND DRAWDOWN PROSPECTUSES ................................................................................40 
FORMS OF THE NOTES .................................................................................................................................41 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ..............................................................................................49 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS ...............................................................................................................................86 
USE OF PROCEEDS ........................................................................................................................................98 
FORM OF GUARANTEE ................................................................................................................................99 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER .................................................................................................................104 
DESCRIPTION OF THE GUARANTOR ......................................................................................................106 
TAXATION .....................................................................................................................................................133 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ........................................................................................................................144 
GENERAL INFORMATION ..........................................................................................................................148

--- Page 10 ---
10 
OVERVIEW 
This overview must be read as an introduction to this Base Prospectus and any decision to invest in the Notes 
should be based on a consideration of the Base Prospectus as a whole, including any information incorporated 
by reference. Words and expressions defined in the “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” below or elsewhere in 
this Base Prospectus have the same meanings in this overview
Issuer 
Cellnex Finance Company, S.A.U. 
Legal Entity Identifier of the Issuer: 
549300OUROMFTRFA7T23 
Guarantor: 
Cellnex Telecom, S.A. 
Legal Entity Identifier of the 
Guarantor: 
5493008T4YG3AQUI7P67 
Risk Factors 
Investing in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain 
risks. The principal risk factors that may affect the abilities of the 
Issuer and/or the Guarantor to fulfil their obligations under the 
Notes are discussed under “Risk Factors” below. 
Description 
Guaranteed Euro Medium Term Note Programme. 
Arranger 
BNP Paribas 
Dealers 
Banco de Sabadell, S.A., Banco Santander, S.A., BNP Paribas, 
CaixaBank, S.A., Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A., Mediobanca – Banca 
di Credito Finanziario S.p.A. and UniCredit Bank AG and any 
other Dealer appointed from time to time by the Issuer either 
generally in respect of the Programme or in relation to a 
particular Tranche of Notes. 
Fiscal Agent 
The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch 
Registrar 
The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg Branch 
Listing Agent 
The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Dublin Branch 
Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus 
Notes issued under the Programme may be issued either (1) 
pursuant to this Base Prospectus and associated Final Terms or 
(2) pursuant to a Drawdown Prospectus. The terms and 
conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes will be 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes as completed by the 
relevant Final Terms or, as the case may be, as amended in the 
relevant Drawdown Prospectus. 
Listing and Trading 
Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for the Notes to 
be admitted to the Official List and trading on its regulated 
market. The Programme also permits Notes to be issued on the 
basis that they will be admitted to listing, trading and/or 
quotation by such other or further competent authorities, stock 
exchanges and/or quotation systems as may be agreed with the 
Issuer and the Guarantor. 
Clearing Systems 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or, in relation to 
any Tranche of Notes, any other clearing system as may be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 11 ---
11 
Initial Programme Amount 
Up to €10,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies) 
aggregate principal amount of Notes outstanding at any one time. 
The maximum aggregate principal amount of Notes which may 
be outstanding at any one time under the Programme may be 
increased from time to time, subject to compliance with the 
relevant provisions of the Dealer Agreement as defined under 
“Subscription and Sale”. 
Issuance in Series 
Notes will be issued in Series. Each Series may comprise one or 
more Tranches issued on different issue dates. The Notes of each 
Series will all be subject to identical terms, except that the issue 
date and the amount of the first payment of interest may be 
different in respect of different Tranches. The Notes of each 
Tranche will all be subject to identical terms in all respects save 
that a Tranche may comprise Notes of different denominations. 
Forms of Notes 
Notes may be issued in bearer form or in registered form. Bearer 
Notes will not be exchangeable for Registered Notes and 
Registered Notes will not be exchangeable for Bearer Notes. No 
single Series or Tranche may comprise both Bearer Notes and 
Registered Notes. 
 
Each Tranche of Bearer Notes will initially be in the form of 
either a Temporary Global Note or a Permanent Global Note 
(each, a “Global Note”), in each case as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. Each Global Note which is not intended to be issued 
in new global note form (a “Classic Global Note” or “CGN”), 
as specified in the relevant Final Terms, will be deposited on or 
around the relevant issue date with a depositary or a common 
depositary for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
and/or any other relevant clearing system and each Global Note 
which is intended to be issued in new global note form (a “New 
Global Note” or “NGN”), as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, will be deposited on or around the relevant issue date with 
a common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. 
Each 
Temporary 
Global 
Note 
will 
be 
exchangeable for a Permanent Global Note or, if so specified in 
the relevant Final Terms, for Definitive Notes. If the U.S. Treas. 
Reg. section 1.163 5(c)(2)(i)(D) (or any successor rules in 
substantially the same form that are applicable for purposes of 
Section 4701 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as 
amended (the “Code”)) (the “TEFRA D Rules”) are specified in 
the relevant Final Terms as applicable, certification as to non-
U.S. beneficial ownership will be a condition precedent to any 
exchange of an interest in a Temporary Global Note or receipt of 
any payment of interest in respect of a Temporary Global Note. 
Each Permanent Global Note will be exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes in accordance with its terms. Definitive Notes will, if 
interest-bearing, have Coupons attached and, if appropriate, a 
Talon for further Coupons.

--- Page 12 ---
12 
 
Each Tranche of Registered Notes will be represented by either: 
 
(i) 
Individual Note Certificates; or 
(ii) one or more Global Registered Notes, 
 
in each case as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
 
Each Note represented by a Global Registered Note will either 
be: (a) in the case of a certificate which is not to be held under 
the new safekeeping structure (“New Safekeeping Structure” 
or “NSS”), registered in the name of a common depositary (or its 
nominee) for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or 
any other relevant clearing system and the relevant Global 
Registered Note will be deposited on or about the issue date with 
the common depositary; or (b) in the case of a certificate to be 
held under the New Safekeeping Structure, be registered in the 
name of a common safekeeper (or its nominee) for Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant 
clearing system and the relevant Global Registered Note will be 
deposited on or about the issue date with the common safekeeper 
for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Currencies 
Notes may be denominated in any currency or currencies, subject 
to compliance with all applicable legal and/or regulatory and/or 
central bank requirements. 
Status of the Notes and the Guarantee 
The Notes and the obligations of the Guarantor under the 
Guarantee will constitute direct, general, unconditional and 
(subject to Condition 5 (Negative Pledge)) unsecured obligations 
of the Issuer and in the event of insolvency (concurso) of the 
Issuer (unless they qualify as subordinated debts under Article 
281 of the Real Decreto Legislativo 1/2020, de 5 de mayo, por el 
que se aprueba el texto refundido de la Ley Concursal (the 
“Spanish Insolvency Law”) or equivalent legal provision which 
replaces it in the future and subject to any legal and statutory 
exceptions) will rank pari passu without any preference among 
themselves (in the case of the Notes) and with all other 
outstanding unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the 
Issuer and the Guarantor, present and future, as applicable. See 
Condition 4 (Status and Guarantee). 
Issue Price 
Notes may be issued at any price, as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus. The price and amount of 
Notes to be issued under the Programme will be determined by 
the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) at the time of issue in 
accordance with prevailing market conditions, in accordance 
with the Terms and Conditions of the Notes. 
Maturities 
Any maturity, subject, in relation to specific currencies, to 
compliance with all applicable legal and/or regulatory and/or 
central bank requirements.

--- Page 13 ---
13 
 
Where Notes have a maturity of less than one year and either (a) 
the issue proceeds are received by the Issuer in the United 
Kingdom (“UK”) or (b) the activity of issuing the Notes is 
carried on from an establishment maintained by the Issuer in the 
UK, such Notes must: (i) have a minimum redemption value of 
£100,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies) and be issued 
only to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in 
acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as 
principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it 
is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their 
businesses; or (ii) be issued in other circumstances which do not 
constitute a contravention of section 19 of the FSMA by the 
Issuer. 
Redemption 
Notes may be redeemable at par or at such other Redemption 
Amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms or 
Drawdown Prospectus. Notes may also be redeemable in 2 or 
more instalments on such dates and in such manner as may be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus. 
Optional Redemption 
Notes may be redeemed before their stated maturity at the option 
of the Issuer (either in whole or in part) and/or the Noteholders 
to the extent (if at all) specified in the relevant Final Terms or 
Drawdown Prospectus, as further described in Conditions 8(c) 
(Redemption and Purchase - Redemption at the option of the 
Issuer) and 8(g) (Redemption and Purchase - Redemption at the 
option of Noteholders (Investor Put)) respectively. 
 
In addition, if the relevant Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus 
so specifies, Noteholders shall have the option, in the event of a 
Put Event, to require the Issuer to redeem or purchase the 
relevant Notes as further described in Condition 8(h) 
(Redemption and Purchase - Redemption or Purchase at the 
option of the Noteholders on a Put Event (Change of Control 
Put)). 
Tax Redemption 
Except as described in “Optional Redemption” above, early 
redemption for tax reasons will only be permitted as described in 
Condition 8(b) (Redemption and Purchase - Redemption for tax 
reasons). 
Interest 
Notes may be interest-bearing or non-interest bearing. Interest (if 
any) may accrue at a fixed rate or a floating rate. 
Denominations 
The Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s). No Notes may be 
issued under the Programme which have a minimum 
denomination of less than €100,000 (or nearly equivalent in 
another currency) in the case of Notes to be admitted to trading 
on a regulated market as defined in MiFID II, or in so far as 
required by all applicable legal and/or regulatory and/or central

--- Page 14 ---
14 
bank requirements. Subject thereto, Notes will be issued in such 
denominations as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms 
or Drawdown Prospectus, subject to compliance with all 
applicable legal and/or regulatory and/or central bank 
requirements. 
Cross Default 
The Notes will have the benefit of a cross default as described in 
Condition 12 (Events of Default). 
Negative Pledge 
The Notes will have the benefit of a negative pledge provision as 
described in Condition 5 (Negative Pledge). 
Taxation 
Payments in respect of Notes will be made without withholding 
or deduction for, or on account of, any present or future taxes, 
duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature 
imposed or levied by or on behalf of the Kingdom of Spain or 
any political subdivision thereof or any authority or agency 
therein or thereof having power to tax, unless the withholding or 
deduction of such taxes, duties, assessments or governmental 
charges is required by law. In that event, the Issuer, or as the case 
may be, the Guarantor, will (subject to the exceptions provided 
in Condition 11 (Taxation) and as described below) pay such 
additional amounts as will result in the Noteholders receiving 
such amounts as they would have received in respect of such 
Notes had no such withholding or deduction been required (see 
“Taxation – Taxation in Spain – Information about the Notes in 
connection with Payments”). 
Information requirements under 
Spanish Tax Law 
Under Spanish Law 10/2014 and Royal Decree 1065/2007 as 
amended, the Issuer is required to provide the Spanish tax 
authorities with certain information relating to the Notes in a 
timely manner. 
If the Fiscal Agent fails to provide the Issuer with the required 
information described under “Taxation — Taxation in Spain — 
Information about the Notes in connection with payments”, the 
Issuer may be required to withhold tax (as of the date of this Base 
Prospectus, at a rate of 19%). 
If this were to occur, affected Noteholders will receive a refund 
of the amount withheld, with no need for action on their part, if 
the Fiscal Agent submits the required information to the Issuer 
no later than the 10th calendar day of the month immediately 
following the relevant payment date. In addition, Noteholders 
may apply directly to the Spanish tax authorities for any refund 
to which they may be entitled. The Issuer will not pay additional 
amounts in respect of any such withholding tax. 
 
Investors should note that none of the Issuer, the Guarantor, the 
Arranger, the Dealers or the Clearing Systems accept any 
responsibility relating to the procedures established for the 
collection of information concerning the Notes.

--- Page 15 ---
15 
Governing Law 
The Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or 
in connection with the Notes are governed by English law. 
Condition 4 (Status and Guarantee) is governed by Spanish law. 
Enforcement of Notes in Global Form 
In the case of Global Notes and Global Registered Notes, 
individual investors’ rights against the Issuer will be supported 
by a Deed of Covenant dated 3 December 2020, a copy of which 
will be available for inspection at the specified office of the 
Fiscal Agent or by electronic means at the discretion of the Fiscal 
Agent. 
Selling Restrictions 
For a description of certain restrictions on offers, sales and 
deliveries of Notes and on the distribution of offering material in 
the U.S., the EEA, the UK, the Kingdom of Spain, Japan, Italy 
and France, see “Subscription and Sale”.

--- Page 16 ---
16 
RISK FACTORS 
Prospective investors should read the entire Base Prospectus. Words and expressions defined in the “Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes” below or elsewhere in this Base Prospectus have the same meanings in this section. 
The Issuer and the Guarantor believe that the factors described below represent the principal risks inherent in 
investing in Notes issued under the Programme as of the date of this Base Prospectus, and those are presented 
in categories and in order of decreasing materiality within each category, taking into account both the probability 
that they might occur as well as the expected magnitude of their negative impact. However, the inability of the 
Issuer and the Guarantor to pay any amounts due on or in connection with any Notes, the Deed of Covenant or 
the Deed of Guarantee, may occur for other reasons and the Issuer and the Guarantor do not represent that the 
statements below regarding the risks of holding any Notes are exhaustive. There may also be other risks and 
uncertainties of which the Issuer and the Guarantor are currently unaware or that the Issuer and the Guarantor 
do not currently believe are material, that could harm the Group’s business, prospects, results of operations, 
financial condition and cash flows and which if they occur could affect their ability to fulfil its obligations under 
Notes issued under the Programme. Consequently, the risks described below are not the only ones the Issuer and 
the Guarantor are exposed to. Prospective investors should also read the information set out elsewhere in this 
Base Prospectus and reach their own view prior to making any investment decision. 
Investing in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks. Prospective investors should consider, 
among other things, the following: 
Risks Relating to the Issuer 
The ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations under the Notes will depend upon Cellnex and other companies 
within the Group meeting their corresponding obligations with the Issuer in a timely manner 
The Issuer is a finance vehicle established by Cellnex for the purpose of carrying out financing activities and 
financing-related support activities in favour of the companies in the Group. In particular, the Issuer may, on 
behalf of the Group, issue notes and other debt securities, enter into banking financings or any other kind of 
financings or any instruments with a financing purpose, as well as grant financings and guarantees in relation to 
the obligations assumed by the companies in the Group. Therefore, the Issuer’s principal liabilities will comprise 
the Notes, other debt securities issued by it and the financings having been entered into, and its principal assets 
will comprise its rights (if any) under agreements pursuant to which the net proceeds from the issue of the Notes 
or from the issue of other debt securities are on-lent to or otherwise invested in Cellnex or any other companies 
within the Group in accordance with its corporate purpose (see “Description of the Issuer” for more information). 
Accordingly, in order to meet its obligations under the Notes, the Issuer is dependent upon Cellnex and the other 
companies in the Group meeting their obligations under such agreements in a timely fashion. The failure by them 
to do so in a timely fashion could have a material adverse effect on the ability of the Issuer to fulfil its obligations 
under the Notes issued under the Programme. The fact that Cellnex wholly owns the Issuer may limit the ability 
of the Issuer to enforce these obligations. 
Risks Relating to the Guarantor and the Group 
Risks related to the industry and businesses in which the Group operates 
The business of the Group depends on the demand for the services that it provides and a substantial 
portion of the revenue of the Group is derived from a small number of major customers 
The business of the Group includes the provision of services through its three different segments: (i) Telecom 
Infrastructure Services, (ii) Broadcasting Infrastructure and (iii) Other Network Services (see “Description of the

--- Page 17 ---
17 
Guarantor” for further information). The Telecom Infrastructure Services segment is highly dependent on the 
demand for the Group’s telecom and broadcast wireless infrastructures and a decrease in such demand may 
adversely affect the business of the Group. Within the Broadcasting Infrastructure segment, demand for 
communication services and equipment depends on the coverage needs from the Group’s customers, which, in 
turn, depend on the demand for TV and radio broadcast by their customers. Likewise, for the Other Network 
Services segment, demand for connectivity, public protection and disaster relief (“PPDR”) networks, operation 
and maintenance (“O&M”), smart city and Internet of Things (“IoT”) services depends on the demand from 
public administrations as well as entities operating in the private and public sectors and optic fiber services. Any 
factor adversely affecting the demand for such services, some of which the Group cannot control, could 
potentially have a material adverse effect on the business, prospects, results of operations, financial condition and 
cash flows of the Group. 
The development and commercialisation of new technologies designed to improve and enhance the range and 
effectiveness of wireless telecom networks, either by the Group’s competitors or the Group itself, could 
significantly decrease demand for existing infrastructure. For example, the Broadcasting Infrastructure segment’s 
business is threatened due to substitute new technologies such as cable TV, satellite TV or OTTs. 
In the Telecom Infrastructure Services segment, the Group cannot anticipate the evolution of its complementary 
segments (such as 5G, “Small Cells” or distributed antenna system, “DAS” - a network of spatially separated 
antenna nodes connected to a common source via a transport medium that provides wireless service within a 
geographic area or structure -, data centers/edge computing and optic fiber), which may become dominant 
technologies in the future and render the current technologies and infrastructure of the Group obsolete. 
The Group’s main clients are (i) in the Telecom Infrastructure Services segment, telecom operators (mostly 
mobile network operators (“MNOs”)), (ii) in the Broadcasting Infrastructure segment, media broadcasters (TV 
channels and radio stations) and (iii) and in the Other Network Services segment a small number of public 
administrations, at national, regional and/or local levels, safety and emergency response organisations, companies 
operating in the utility sector and certain telecom operators. 
As European MNOs are moving towards a less infrastructural business model, the share trends in the 
telecommunications sector are increasing, especially given the upcoming 5G technological cycle. In this context, 
Cellnex may need to reinforce its offer in order to meet the needs of its customers, increasingly investing in asset-
class businesses adjacent to telecommunication towers, such as fiber, edge computing and small cells. 
Moreover, the demand for the Group’s services may be affected by MNOs utilizing shared equipment (both in 
the form of passive and active network sharing) rather than deploying new equipment. This may result in the 
decommissioning of equipment on certain existing infrastructures because parts of the customers’ networks may 
become redundant. Any potential merger, strategic alliance (for example, active network sharing) or consolidation 
of the Group’s customers would likely result in duplicate or overlapping networks, which may result in the 
termination or non-renewal of customer contracts (for example where they are co-customers using the same 
infrastructure) and in the loss of commercial opportunities resulting in a lower number of potential customers for 
the Group. Likewise, the Judgment of the General Court (First Chamber, Extended Composition) issued on 28 
May 2020 which annulled the Commission Decision C(2016) 2796 of 11 May 2016, declaring incompatible with 
the internal market the concentration resulting from the acquisition of Telefónica Europe Plc by Hutchison 3G 
UK Investments Ltd. may increase the interest of the Group’s customers to merge, which could result also in the 
loss of commercial opportunities for the Group. 
The Group has one customer that contributed 20% of its total operating income for the year ended 31 December 
2019 (23% of its total operating income for the year ended 31 December 2018). The total operating income from 
this customer for the year ended 31 December 2019 amounted to €201,710 thousand (€205,992 thousand for the 
year ended 31 December 2018). The agreement reached with this one customer has a long-term initial maturity

--- Page 18 ---
18 
and may only be renewed for the entire portfolio and not for a portion thereof. The Group does not have any other 
customer that contributed more than 10% of its total operating income for the years ended 31 December 2019 
and 31 December 2018. 
The Group is affected by changes in the creditworthiness and financial strength of a small number of major 
customers. The Group depends on the continued financial strength of such customers, which operate with 
substantial leverage and many of which are not investment grade or do not have a credit rating. Adverse changes 
in the creditworthiness and financial strength of any of the Group’s major customers, including as a result of the 
Coronavirus Pandemic, may result in decreased demand for the Group’s services, if at all, or expose us to the 
possibility of one or more breaches of their obligations to us, which may in turn materially adversely affect the 
Group’s business, prospects, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 
The Group cannot guarantee that contracts with its major customers will not be terminated (including contractual 
agreements to transfer or build sites under the Group’s acquisition agreements, purchase commitments and build-
to-suit programs), or that these customers will renew their contracts with the Group on the same terms or at all. 
Further, the Group is exposed to constant renegotiation and renewal processes of its contracts with its customers 
(especially those related to the Other Network Services segment and Broadcasting Infrastructure segment), which 
may result in the current contractual arrangements being adversely amended, which could in turn affect the total 
value of its contracts. The Group has recently completed a general cycle of renewal of contracts in the 
Broadcasting Infrastructures segment that has led to a downward revision of prices paid by the Group’s customers. 
Contracts in the Other Network Services and the Broadcasting Infrastructure segments have generally shorter 
terms than contracts in the Telecom Infrastructures Services segment, and accordingly they need to be renewed 
more frequently. 
In addition, the maturities of the lease contracts, sub-lease contracts and other types of contracts with third parties 
to operate and manage land and rooftops where the Group’s telecommunications infrastructures are located, are 
generally shorter than the contracts that the Group has entered into with its customers for the provision of services 
in such infrastructures. As a result, there is a mismatch in the maturities of both contractual relationships which 
could prevent the Group from successfully providing agreed upon services to its customers, as the Group may 
not have access to primary resources essential to execute such contractual obligations. The real property interests 
of the Group relating to its infrastructures consist primarily of ownership interests, fee interests, easements, 
licenses and rights-of-way. A loss of these interests at a particular infrastructure may interfere with the Group’s 
ability to operate infrastructures and generate revenues. Any damage or destruction to the Group’s infrastructure 
due to unforeseen events, including natural disasters or arson attacks, may impact the Group’s ability to conduct 
its business. Additionally, if the loss of service is not deemed to be due to an unforeseeable force majeure event, 
the Group could be held responsible for failing to satisfy its obligations under its transmission contracts, which 
could result in service credit penalties or suspension of normal fees and annual charges. If the Group is unable to 
provide services to its customers, it could lead to a loss of customers, resulting in a corresponding material adverse 
effect on the Group’s business, prospects, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 
In addition, some contracts entered into by the Group provide that certain expenses are passed through to the 
Group’s customers, such as energy costs, and the Group cannot guarantee that the pass through mechanism will 
protect 100% of the energy cost borne by the Group during the full term of the contract, which may have a 
material adverse effect on the Group’s business, prospects, results of operations, financial condition and cash 
flows. In addition, Cellnex could potentially be exposed to fines if Cellnex were found to be engaged in the 
electricity resale business simply because energy costs are included in the charges for which it bills its customers. 
Electricity supply is a regulated activity in countries where Cellnex operates. 
In the ordinary course of its business, the Group is involved in disputes with its customers, generally regarding 
the interpretation of terms in the Group’s commercial agreements. It is possible that such disputes could lead to 
a termination of the Group’s contracts with its customers or a material modification of the terms of those

--- Page 19 ---
19 
agreements, either of which could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, prospects, results of 
operations, financial condition and cash flows. If the Group is forced to resolve any of these disputes through 
litigation, its relationship with the relevant customers could be terminated or damaged, which could lead to 
decreased revenue or increased costs, resulting in a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, prospects, 
results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 
Although the expansion and increased geographical diversification of the Group has contributed to the 
diversification of its customer base, the Group’s reliance on a relatively small group of major customers may 
adversely affect the development of its business. As such, the loss of one or more of any of the Group’s main 
customers, resulting from, amongst others, a merger or a strategic alliance (for example, active network sharing), 
bankruptcy, insolvency, network sharing, loss of licenses, roaming, joint development, resale agreements or 
contract early termination may have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, prospects, results of 
operations, financial condition and cash flows. 
The expansion or development of the business of the Group, including through acquisitions or other 
growth opportunities, involves a number of risks and uncertainties that could adversely affect its 
operating results or disrupt its operations 
The Group’s strategy is aimed at strengthening and expanding its operations, including through the acquisition 
of assets, entities or minority interests (including minority stakes in companies where the Group already holds a 
majority interest), joint ventures, mergers and other arrangements in the countries where the Group currently 
operates or elsewhere, which could require, among other matters, new debt and the issuance of shares to finance 
such growth opportunities and in the case of acquisitions of minority interests as described above, payments of 
prices which are inflationary, strongly revaluated, or higher than the original price paid by the Group (as it is 
already agreed upon in the relevant shareholders agreements). Since its shares were admitted to listing on the 
Spanish Stock Exchanges, the Guarantor has entered into numerous transactions by virtue of which the Guarantor 
has invested or committed to invest approximately €27.6 billion in the acquisition or construction of up to 92.2 
thousand infrastructures to be acquired or built by 2030, once the Iliad Polish Acquisition and each of the 
transactions comprising the Transformational Strategic Alliance with Hutchison (as both terms are defined herein) 
are closed, respectively (which, together with the infrastructures already owned at the time of such listing, amount 
to an aggregate of up to 103.3 thousand infrastructures). 
This growth strategy exposes the Group to operational challenges and risks, such as the need to identify potential 
acquisition opportunities on favourable terms, the diversion of management’s attention from existing business, 
the potential impairment of acquired intangible assets, including goodwill, or the acquisition of liabilities or other 
claims from acquired businesses, including liabilities under “successor liability” doctrines in connection with 
employment, pension, tax, regulatory, environmental, accounting and other matters, which may significantly 
impact the value of the acquired target and the overall viability and success of the intended business. 
Prior to entering into an acquisition agreement, the Group generally performs due diligence with respect to the 
target or the relevant assets, but such inspection is limited by its nature. Additionally, the Group’s analysis and 
risk evaluation prior to entering into any acquisition agreements, are based on the accuracy and completeness of 
the information available to the Group. The Group may not independently verify the accuracy or completeness 
of all the information and as a result, investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on all the information 
relating to the Group’s acquisitions. 
Any assets acquired by the Group may be subject to hidden material defects that were not apparent or that 
otherwise the Group failed to discover or consider at the time of the acquisition. To the extent the Group or other 
third parties underestimated or failed to identify risks and liabilities associated with an acquisition, the Group 
may incur, directly or indirectly, in unexpected liabilities, such as defects in title, an inability to obtain permits 
enabling the Group to use the underlying infrastructure as intended, or other environmental, structural or

--- Page 20 ---
20 
operational defects or liabilities requiring remediation. Failure to identify any such defects, liabilities or risks 
could expose the Group to unanticipated costs and liabilities or could result in the Group having acquired assets 
which are not consistent with its investment strategy, which are difficult to integrate within its portfolio, which 
fail to perform in accordance with expectations, and/or which adversely affect the Group’s reputation, which, in 
turn, could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, prospects, results of operations, financial 
condition and cash flows. 
In addition, achieving the benefits of new acquisitions depends in part on the timely and efficient integration of 
the acquired business operations, communications infrastructure portfolio and personnel. Integration may be 
difficult and unpredictable for many reasons, including, among other things, differing financial, accounting, 
reporting, information technology and other systems and processes, cultural differences, differences in customary 
business practices and conflicting policies, procedures and operations. In addition, integrating businesses may 
significantly burden management and internal resources, including the potential loss or unavailability of key 
personnel. There could also be integration risks related to the commercialisation of the spaces where newly 
acquired sites are located, as well as in connection with the transition of the payments, the retention of existing 
customers on newly acquired sites, including obtaining the necessary prior consents to assign the relevant service 
agreements, and the implementation of the Group’s standards, controls, procedures and policies with regards to 
any newly acquired towers. The Group may also face the risk of failing to efficiently and effectively integrate the 
new assets into the Group’s existing business or to use such assets to their full capacity. 
The Group’s growth strategy is also linked, among other factors, to the capacity to successfully decommission 
and build new infrastructures. The framework agreements signed with anchor customers may include agreements 
for the further acquisition or construction of infrastructures over a defined period of time or for the acquisition or 
construction of a maximum number of infrastructures. Such framework agreements may or may not be 
implemented, either in whole or in part, due to a potential integration or consolidation of the Group’s customers 
or due to a change in their business strategy or to the impact of the Coronavirus Pandemic, among others. In 
addition, framework agreements with anchor customers may include the unilateral right of the customer to 
dismiss a low single-digit percentage of the total sites per year. If these circumstances occurred, there is no 
guarantee that the Group may have enough contractual protection in order to be compensated for such changes, 
which in turn could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, prospects, results of operations, 
financial condition and cash flows. In addition, the build-to-suit programs are executed on the basis of agreements 
with third-party suppliers or the customers that will use the new infrastructures, and so the Group relies on third-
parties to effectively execute its contractual obligations. Moreover, the Group may face additional challenges in 
managing its expansion into new countries or into countries where the Group may have limited knowledge and 
understanding of the local market, business relationships and familiarity with the local governmental procedures 
and regulations. 
In the ordinary course of the business, the Group reviews, analyses and evaluates potential transactions, assets, 
interests, activities or potential arrangements that the Group believes may add value to its business or its scope 
of services. Failure to timely identify growth opportunities may adversely affect the expansion or development 
of the Group’s business. In addition, the failure to correctly assess the terms and conditions of potential 
transactions could imply unexpected costs to the Group, or could prevent the Group from obtaining the full benefit 
of the related business expansion (e.g., by way of changes in the expected perimeter of the relevant transaction 
upon closing), or any benefit at all, any of which could in turn materially and adversely affect the Group’s 
business, prospects, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. Moreover, the Group may fail to 
sufficiently assess the price adjustments that should be effected to account for potential changes in the perimeter 
of the target, or may fail to successfully effect them, which could imply unexpected costs to Cellnex and could 
materially and adversely affect the Group’s business, prospects, results of operations, financial condition and cash 
flows.

--- Page 21 ---
21 
The Group may face contingencies, including delays, in the implementation of its growth through acquisitions 
strategy (including due to the lack of suitable acquisitions, the failure to negotiate and agree acceptable purchase 
agreements or the failure to satisfactorily complete due diligence). In addition, the completion of any pending or 
future acquisitions may be subject, to the satisfaction of certain conditions precedent, some of which may not be 
within the Group’s control, and failure to satisfy such conditions may prevent, delay or otherwise materially 
adversely affect the completion of the relevant acquisition. As such, there is no assurance that any such pending 
or future acquisitions will be completed or, if completed, that it will be completed on the same terms as are 
described in the transaction agreements. For example, necessary regulatory or administrative authorisations or 
approvals may be refused, including antitrust approvals, or only be granted on onerous terms, and any such refusal 
or imposition of onerous terms may preclude the Group’s ability to grow the portfolio of assets in a particular 
market or jurisdiction at all, or may result in significant delays and/or significant unexpected costs in relation to 
a particular acquisition.  
Even if compliant with antitrust legislation, the Group may not be able to consummate such transactions, 
undertake such activities or implement new services successfully due to disruptions in its activities, increased 
risk of operations or other consequences which could negatively impact the Group’s business and its prospects. 
In addition, the loss of the Group’s neutral position (i.e., by having one or more MNOs as a significant 
shareholder) may cause sellers of infrastructure assets to be reluctant to enter into new joint ventures, mergers, 
disposals or other arrangements with the Group, and adversely impact the organic growth of Cellnex. As the 
Group increases its size, management expects that large MNOs may be open to collaborating with the Group in 
several ways, such as by selling their sites or other infrastructure assets to Cellnex, including in exchange for 
shares, which could negatively impact the Group’s business and its prospects as this type of transactions could 
affect the perception of the Group’s neutrality. 
Market conditions and other factors, such as the Group’s competitors’ willingness to also expand their businesses 
through the acquisition of the same assets, entities or minority interests that the Group seeks to acquire, may also 
adversely affect the Group’s ability to identify and execute acquisitions or increase the acquisition costs.  
Additionally, the Group may experience at any time increased competition in certain areas of activity from 
established and new competitors, for example as a result of other infrastructure providers entering the European 
market. The industry is competitive and customers have access to alternatives in telecom infrastructure services 
and other network services, whereas for broadcasting TV the alternatives are more limited. Where the Group acts 
as a provider of services, competitive pricing from competitors could affect the Group’s rates and services income. 
In addition, competition in infrastructure services could also increase the cost of acquisition of assets and limit 
the Group’s ability to grow its business. Moreover, the Group may not be able to renew existing services 
agreements or enter into new ones. Higher prices for assets, combined with the competitive pricing pressure on 
services agreements, could make it more difficult for the Group to achieve its return on investment criteria. 
Increasing competition for the acquisition of infrastructure assets or companies in the context of the Group’s 
business expansion could make the acquisition of high quality assets significantly more costly (in the current low 
interest rate business environment and taking into consideration the nature of the Group’s business, with long-
term contracts and fixed fees which are normally inflation-linked, infrastructure funds and private equity firms 
are showing increasing appetite towards this class of assets), and could materially and adversely affect the 
Group’s business, prospects, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. Some competitors are larger 
than the Group and may have greater financial resources, while other competitors may apply investment criteria 
with lower return on investment requirements. Likewise, the Group also faces competition or may face future 
competition from its peers. In addition, some of the Group’s customers have set up their own infrastructure 
companies and more European MNOs are increasingly showing their willingness to establish their own 
infrastructure vehicles, which could lead to increases in the demand for assets for sale (thus leading to increases 
in asset prices), as well as increased competition in the normal course of the Group’s business, limiting potential 
growth. If the Group is unable to compete effectively with such customers and other competitors or effectively

--- Page 22 ---
22 
anticipate or respond to customer needs or consumer sentiment, it could lose existing and potential customers, 
which could reduce the Group’s operating margins and have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, 
prospects, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 
The Group is also subject to a number of construction, service provision, financing, operating, regulatory and 
other risks related to the development, expansion and maintenance of its infrastructure, many of which are beyond 
its control. The operation, administration, maintenance and repair of some of the Group’s infrastructures requires 
coordination and integration of highly sophisticated and specialized hardware and software technologies and 
equipment, which, consequently, require significant operating expenses and capital expenditures, as well as 
highly-qualified personnel with the relevant technical know-how. Any failure in the functioning of any of such 
technologies or equipment may expose the Group to reputational risks, as well as the risk of losing clients, 
amongst others. 
There are additional risks associated with doing business internationally, including changes in a specific country’s 
or region’s political or economic conditions, inflation, deflation or currency devaluation, expropriation or 
governmental regulation restricting foreign ownership or requiring reversion or divestiture, increases in the cost 
of labour (as a result of unionisation or otherwise), power and other goods and services required for the Group’s 
operations and changes in consumer price indexes in foreign countries which could adversely affect the Group’s 
results of operations. See “The business of the Group may be affected by adverse economic and political 
conditions in the countries where the Group carries out its activities and globally”. 
As a result, the Group is unable to predict the timeline for the successful execution of its growth strategy and 
there is no guarantee that the Group will be successful in identifying such acquisitions or making any investments 
in a timely manner or at all. Generally, if the Group cannot identify, implement or integrate attractive acquisition 
opportunities on favourable terms or at all, or if the Group’s foreign operations and expansion initiatives do not 
succeed as expected, they could adversely affect the Group’s ability to execute its growth strategy. Any of the 
foregoing could materially and adversely affect the Group’s business, prospects, results of operations, financial 
condition and cash flows. 
The triggering of a change of control clause contained in the contracts entered into by the Group or a 
breach of contractual obligations may result in an obligation to repay debt early or to sell back assets  
Certain material contracts entered into by the Group, including the Group’s material debt agreements and most 
of the Group’s agreements with anchor customers, could be modified or terminated if a change of control clause 
is triggered. A change of control clause may be triggered if a third-party, either alone or in conjunction with 
others, obtains “significant influence” and/or “control” (which is generally defined as having (i) more than 50% 
of shares with voting rights or (ii) the right to appoint or dismiss the majority of the members of the board of 
directors) of the relevant Group company. A change of control clause may be triggered at the level of Cellnex or 
only at the level of the relevant subsidiary that has entered into the relevant contract. In certain contracts, the 
definition of control, and therefore of a change of control, makes specific reference to the applicable law in the 
relevant jurisdiction. With regards to the material contracts entered into by the Group with anchor customers, the 
triggering of a change of control provision is generally limited to events where the acquiring company is a 
competitor of the anchor customer. In such circumstances, the anchor customer may be granted an option to buy 
back assets (generally the infrastructures where they are being serviced). In addition, such buy back option can 
also be granted in the event that a direct competitor of the anchor customer acquires a significant portion of the 
relevant Group company’s shares or obtains voting or governance rights which can be exercised in a way that can 
negatively affect the anchor customer’s interests.  
Additionally, the Notes issued under the Programme, the convertible bonds and the bank financing contracts of 
the Group include certain change of control clauses which could trigger an early repayment under the respective 
debt arrangement. See “Description of the Guarantor” for more information.

--- Page 23 ---
23 
Finally, asset buy back options can also be exercised in case of an explicit breach by a Group company of the 
contractual obligations under services level agreements with its customers (“SLAs”). These asset buy back 
options will be executed at a price below fair market valuation. Also, the Group may enter into contracts related 
to joint future investment that have buy back clauses whereby the customer has the right to acquire the related 
assets during defined periods. While the Group’s management currently believes that the likelihood of exercising 
such option is not high, given it would require the customer to make a significant payment to the Group, the 
Group can provide no assurance that any such options will not be exercised.  
If a change of control clause included in any of the Group’s material contracts is triggered, or if a company of the 
Group fails to comply with its contractual obligations under an SLA or a joint investment agreement, it may 
materially and adversely affect the Group’s business, prospects, results of operations, financial condition and cash 
flows. 
The Group’s backlog estimates are based on certain assumptions and are subject to unexpected 
adjustments and cancellations and thus may not be converted to revenues in any particular fiscal period, 
if at all, or be a fully accurate indicator of the Group’s future revenue or earnings 
Expected contracted service revenues from service agreements (backlog) represent management’s estimate of the 
amount of contracted service revenues that the Group expects will result in future revenue from certain existing 
contracts. Backlog, as included in this Base Prospectus, is based on a number of assumptions and estimates, 
including assumptions related to the performance of a number of the existing contracts at a particular date, but 
does not include adjustments for inflation or deflation. One of the main assumptions for calculating backlog is 
the automatic renewal of contracts for services with the Group’s anchor customers. Most contracts with anchor 
customers of the Telecom Infrastructure Services segment have term extension clauses including, in some cases, 
“all-or-nothing” extension clauses that only allow the extension of the term of a contract for the entire portfolio 
(not the extension of a portion thereof) on terms that are generally pre-agreed and the application of which may 
result in an increase or a decrease in price of the service, within certain parameters. 
The earliest contract renewals in the Telecom Infrastructure Services segment are expected to occur in 2022 and 
2023 with Telefónica. This will be the first time that a contract containing an “all-or-nothing” extension clause is 
up for renewal. Contracts with most of the Group’s customers in the Broadcasting Infrastructure segment will 
face a new cycle of renewals in 2025 (although one of the main contracts will be up for renewal in 2021). In 
addition, certain contracts for services with customers may be cancelled under certain circumstances by the 
customer at short notice without penalty. The termination of the contracts (Churn) with customers in the Telecom 
Infrastructure Services and Broadcasting Infrastructure segments may materially and adversely affect the Group’s 
business, prospects, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. It should also be noted that contracts 
in place with Telefónica and Wind Tre may be subject to changes in relation to the fees being applied at a time of 
a renewal, set within a predefined range taking into account the last annual fee (which reflects the cumulative 
inflation of the full initial term).  
In addition, the Group’s definition and calculation of backlog may not necessarily be the same as that used by 
other companies engaged in activities similar to that of the Group. As a result, the amount of its backlog may not 
be comparable to the backlog reported by such other companies. The realisation of the Group’s backlog estimates 
is further affected by its performance under contracts. The Group’s ability to execute its backlog is dependent on 
its ability to meet its clients’ operational needs, and if it is unable to meet such needs, the Group’s ability to 
execute its backlog could be adversely affected, which could materially affect the Group’s business, prospects, 
results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. There can be no assurance that the revenue projected in 
the Group’s backlog will be realised or, if realised, will result in profit. Because of potential changes in the scope 
or schedule of the services the Group provides to its clients, it cannot predict with certainty when or if the Group’s 
backlog will be realised. In the case of “Engineering Services”, that are pre-agreed and associated to incremental 
fees, they may be phased over a longer than expected period of time, reduced or even cancelled, seriously

--- Page 24 ---
24 
affecting the management's estimate of contracted revenues over time. Even where a project proceeds as 
scheduled, it is possible that the client may default and fail to pay amounts owed to the Group. Delays, payment 
defaults or cancellations, including as a result of the Coronavirus Pandemic, could reduce the amount of backlog 
currently estimated, and consequently, could inhibit the conversion of that backlog into revenues, which would 
in turn materially affect the Group’s business, prospects, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 
The business of the Group may be affected by adverse economic and political conditions in the countries 
where the Group carries out its activities and globally 
Notwithstanding the Group’s diversification of its risk exposure through the internationalisation of its operations, 
the Group cannot assure that the countries where it operates will not experience economic or political difficulties 
in the future. 
The Group’s customers in Spain, Italy, France and Switzerland represent a significant portion of the operating 
income of the Group, therefore especially exposing it to risks specific to these countries. For the year ended 31 
December 2019, approximately 49% (€504,710 thousand), 26% (€266,907 thousand), 10% (€104,675 thousand) 
and 8% (€84,993 thousand), of the Group’s operating income was generated in Spain, Italy, France and 
Switzerland, respectively. For the year ended 31 December 2018, approximately 52% (€467,787 thousand), 28% 
(€254,393 thousand), 7% (€65,686 thousand) and 6% (€56,041 thousand), of the Group’s operating income was 
generated in Spain, Italy, France and Switzerland, respectively. 
Adverse economic conditions may have a negative impact on demand for the services the Group provides and on 
its customers’ ability to meet their payment obligations. In periods of recession, such as the one experienced by 
Spain and Italy in previous years (e.g. 2008 to 2013), the demand for services provided by the Group tends to 
decline, adversely affecting the Group’s results of operations. This negative or low growth cycle could affect the 
Group again in these two countries or in others. This may be further accentuated by a potential recession in those 
two countries or in others as a result of the coronavirus COVID-19 pandemic (the “Coronavirus Pandemic”) 
which began in China in late 2019 and has subsequently spread globally, significantly affecting Spain, Italy, 
France, the United Kingdom and other countries where the Group operates. The uncertainty surrounding the 
Coronavirus Pandemic and its effects on the global economy, as of the date of this Base Prospectus, are expected 
to significantly impact global growth in 2020, due to the restriction or suspension of production, operational and 
business activities, disruptions to travel and transportation and adverse impacts on labour supply affecting both 
supply and demand chains. In addition to affecting demand for the Group’s services (or the Group’s customers’ 
services) and its customers’ ability to meet their payment obligations, the Coronavirus Pandemic could, among 
other effects, also depress the value of the Group’s assets and investments, limit the Group’s ability to finance its 
future operations and capital needs, disrupt the Group’s supply chain, generate or lead to deflation (reducing the 
revenue of the Group in the future, considering that most of the Group’s contracts with customers are inflation-
linked), disrupt the Group’s growth plans and increase the likelihood and/or magnitude of other risks described 
in this Base Prospectus. While the Group’s business activity has remained largely unaffected by the Coronavirus 
Pandemic, the extent to which the Coronavirus Pandemic impacts the Group’s business and results of operations 
in the next quarters and later in the future will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and 
cannot be predicted, including future economic conditions, and the actions to contain it or treat its impact, among 
others. For example, the Group could suffer delays in the execution of build-to-suit programs, changes in the 
expected organic growth or severe disruptions due to its suppliers being unable to meet their current 
commitments. The Group cannot assure that any estimates, forecasts, forward-looking statements or opinions 
contained herein or which may have been expressed in the past will remain accurate or will not abruptly change 
as a result of the spread and effects of the Coronavirus Pandemic. Moreover, the Group’s inability to reduce the 
impact of the foregoing could have a material and adverse effect on its business, results of operations, financial 
condition and prospects. Likewise, the Group is directly exposed to the political and economic situations of 
Switzerland and other countries to which it has expanded its business (such as Ireland or Portugal) or to which it

--- Page 25 ---
25 
will expand its business once the Iliad Polish Acquisition and each of the transactions comprising the 
Transformational Strategic Alliance with Hutchison are closed (such as Poland, Austria, Denmark or Sweden), 
each of which are also being impacted by the Coronavirus Pandemic. Also, changes in the international financial 
markets’ conditions as a result of such pandemic pose a challenge to the Group’s ability to adapt to them as they 
may have an impact on its business. Therefore, the Group may be adversely affected by the adverse economic 
conditions or potential instability in the countries in which it operates and in which it has expanded its business, 
while at the same time a more geographically diversified revenue source allows a lower risk exposure to specific 
country related issues. The Group cannot predict how the economic and political cycle in such locations will 
develop in the short-term or the coming years or whether there will be a deterioration in political stability. In 
addition, the Group may be adversely affected by economic, social and political conditions in the countries in 
which its customers, suppliers and other counterparties operate. 
Because of the Group’s growing presence in the United Kingdom (which has increased following the completion 
of the BT Transaction and the Arqiva Acquisition (both as defined herein) and is expected to significantly increase 
in the future following the completion of the United Kingdom transaction comprised within the Transformational 
Strategic Alliance with Hutchison – see “Description of the Guarantor” for additional information), the Group 
may face the risk of political and economic uncertainty derived from the United Kingdom’s decision to leave the 
European Union (the “EU”), particularly in the event of a withdrawal from the EU with few or no agreements in 
place regarding the prospective relationship between the United Kingdom and the EU (economic, trading, legal 
or otherwise) after withdrawal of the first from the latter (popularly known as “hard Brexit” or “no-deal Brexit”). 
On 24 January 2020, the United Kingdom signed the Agreement on the withdrawal of the United Kingdom of 
Great Britain and Northern Ireland from the EU and the European Atomic Energy Community (“EURATOM”), 
setting the terms of the withdrawal of the United Kingdom from both, which formally took place on 31 January 
2020, and covering such matters as money, citizens’ rights, border arrangements and dispute resolution (the 
“Withdrawal Agreement”). However, the Withdrawal Agreement provides for a transition period until 31 
December 2020, during which the United Kingdom will remain in the single market, in order to safeguard trade 
until a long-term relationship is agreed. The process for the negotiations and the resulting terms of the United 
Kingdom’s future economic, trading and legal relationships continue to be uncertain. The withdrawal of the 
United Kingdom from the EU with no agreements in place to regulate the relationship between them, may have 
an adverse effect on the United Kingdom’s economy and markets, which in turn could adversely affect the 
Group’s business, prospects, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows in the United Kingdom. As 
the Notes are governed by English law, there is also a risk that following Brexit (should a suitable treaty in respect 
of the matter not be concluded between Spain and the United Kingdom) the enforcement of an English court's 
judgment by a Spanish court could require compliance with additional procedural requirements. 
Growing public debt, reduced growth rates and any measures of monetary policy that may be implemented in the 
future in the credit markets all could affect the Group’s business. A change in any of these factors could affect the 
access of the Group to the capital markets and the terms and conditions under which it can access such capital, 
which could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, prospects, results of operations, financial 
condition and cash flows. Moreover, as a significant portion of the contracts of the Group with operators are 
inflation-linked and some do not have a minimum limit or floor, deflationary macroeconomic circumstances will 
have an adverse effect on the Group’s business, prospects, results of operations, financial condition and cash 
flows. In addition, the Group cannot assure that any estimates, forecasts, forward-looking statements or opinions 
contained herein or which may have been expressed in the past will remain accurate or will not abruptly change 
as a result of the spread and effects of the Coronavirus Pandemic. Moreover, the Group’s inability to reduce the 
impact of the foregoing could have a material and adverse effect on its business, results of operations, financial 
condition and prospects.

--- Page 26 ---
26 
The Group’s status as a “significant market power” (“SMP”) operator in the digital terrestrial television 
(“DTT”) broadcasting transmission service market in Spain imposes certain detrimental obligations on 
it compared to its competitors 
In 2006, when the Spanish terrestrial TV broadcast market was articulated, the Group was classified as a SMP 
operator by the competition authorities. Given its dominant market position, the National Commission of Markets 
and Competition (Comisión Nacional de los Mercados y de la Competencia, or “CNMC”, the former Comisión 
del Mercado de las Telecomunicaciones, or “CMT”) imposed certain conditions (regulatory remedies) on it to 
allow it to operate in the broadcasting market which, amongst others, set out that if the Group is not able to reach 
a voluntary commercial agreement with an operator, the CNMC will dictate the commercial conditions of the 
agreements. The CNMC has introduced certain flexibility to those conditions as per the latest regulation of the 
market, carried out in 2019 which concluded on 17 July 2019 with the publication of the Resolution approving 
the definition and analysis of the wholesale market for the television broadcasting transmission service (Market 
18/2003), as notified to the European Commission and the European Electronic Communications Regulators 
Entity. 
The competitors of the Group in the market who are not considered to be a SMP operator because of their low 
market share and limited coverage capacity are not subject to these obligations. These obligations and potential 
additional obligations imposed on the Group by the competition authorities vis-à-vis its competitors could 
materially and adversely affect the Group’s business, prospects, results of operations, financial condition and cash 
flows. 
Spectrum may not be secured in the future, which would prevent or impair the plans of the Group or 
limit the need for the Group’s services and products and other basic resources to provide service may not 
be guaranteed 
The Group and its customers are highly dependent on the availability of sufficient spectrum for the provision of 
certain services. The amount of spectrum available is limited and the process for obtaining it is highly complex 
and costly. 
In the Broadcasting Infrastructure segment, the Group owns the infrastructures and equipment that TV and radio 
broadcasters use to compress and distribute their signals in Spain. In particular, the Group distributes and 
transmits signals for DTT, the leading TV platform in Spain. The evolution of technology standards, formats and 
coding technologies is likely to influence the future spectrum demand for broadcasting services. Even if the Group 
currently uses “multiplexing”, a method by which multiple analogue signals or digital data streams are combined 
into one signal over a shared medium, with the aim of maximizing the limited capacity of the spectrum, the Group 
cannot guarantee that its customers or DTT broadcasters will have sufficient access to spectrum in the long-term 
to maintain and develop its services. 
The Spanish government is responsible for the allocation of spectrum in Spain. On 24 September 2014, Royal 
Decree 805/2014, of 19 September, was published in the Official Gazette approving the National Technical Plan 
for DTT (the “National Technical Plan for DTT”). Under the so-called “Digital Dividend”, in line with all EU 
countries, the Spanish government released the 800 megahertz (“MHz”) band of frequencies previously used by 
DTT, to the benefit of the deployment of fourth generation mobile telecommunications technology (“LTE” or 
long-term evolution), a communication standard for high-speed data mobile devices used by MNOs. The release 
of the 800 MHz band as a result of the reallocation of spectrum to MNOs represented a loss of 72 MHz of 
spectrum originally allocated to broadcasting. The digital migration was completed on 31 March 2015. The 
National Technical Plan for DTT reduced the number of private multiplex (“MUX”) from eight to seven at a 
national level, and on a general basis, from two to one at the regional level.  
The Decision (EU) 2017/899 of the European Parliament and of the Council, of 17 May 2017, on the use of the 
470-790 MHz frequency band in the Union further sets up the spectrum usage until 2030 (the so-called “second

--- Page 27 ---
27 
Digital Dividend”). As a consequence, the Spanish Government published on 21 June 2019 the Royal Decree 
391/2019 approving the new National Technical Plan for DTT and the regulation of certain aspects of the 
liberalization of the “second Digital Dividend”. This Royal Decree regulates how the 700 MHz band will be 
liberalized and how the radio-electric channels and the new digital MUXs will be distributed among the Spanish 
Public Radio and Television Corporation and other license holders, obligations of minimum range of reception 
and the technical specifications that the television services have to meet. The current number of MUXs (and their 
coverages) on the sub 700MHz band will be maintained, as well as the offer of DTT channels. This Royal Decree 
also states that the DTT service will be offered in the sub-700 MHz band and that the 700 MHz band shall not be 
used by audio visual communication service providers by 30 June 2020, in order to make it available for the 5G 
mobile services from that date onwards. The Royal Decree further establishes that the sub-700 MHz will continue 
to be used for television broadcasting until, at least, 2030. On the same date and on 11 October 2019, respectively, 
the Spanish Government approved the Royal Decree 392/2019 and the Royal Decree 579/2019, which regulate 
the granting of subsidies to compensate certain costs related to audiovisual communication services, as a 
consequence of the implementation of the liberalisation of the “second Digital Dividend”. 
Due to the sanitary crisis caused by the Coronavirus Pandemic, the Spanish government declared the state of 
emergency by means of Royal Decree 463/2020, of 14 March. In this context, the government decided to postpone 
(not suspend) the execution of the pending phases for the implementation of the liberalisation of the “second 
Digital Dividend”. The Ministry of Economic Affairs and Digital Transformation, in a press note released on 30 
March 2020, explained that the above measure had been communicated to the European Commission. 
Notwithstanding the above, due to the ending of the state of emergency on 21 June 2020, the Spanish Council of 
Ministers approved the Royal Decree-Law 23/2020, of 23 June, by means of which the deadline for the 
implementation to release the “second Digital Dividend” was extended until 31 October 2020. In line with the 
foregoing and in order to adapt the regulations in force to the new deadline of 31 October 2020, on 28 July 2020 
the Spanish government approved Royal Decree 707/2020, which extends the deadlines established in Royal 
Decree 392/2019 and Royal Decree 579/2019, for obtaining subsidies. On the same day and in parallel, it also 
approved Royal Decree 706/2020, which established a new set of subsidies to compensate for the costs incurred 
by private operators as a result of the changes to be made to transmission equipment to adapt it to the new 
frequencies.  
The “second Digital Dividend” ended last 31 October 2020 having achieved all its objectives, including 
minimizing the impact for citizens. 
The Group believes that any delays in 5G rollouts in member states of the EU (“Member States”) due to the 
Coronavirus Pandemic are likely to be temporary rather than long lasting, considering the systemic importance 
of universal broadband access. However, 5G rollouts could also be adversely affected by growing concerns, 
fueled in part by unreliable sources propagated through social and other media, that 5G’s radio waves could pose 
health risks, which in turn has led to a wave of arson attacks on telecom infrastructures across Europe and other 
parts of the world. If the rollout of 5G is delayed, whether due to the Coronavirus Pandemic, growing movements 
against the implementation of 5G technology in certain countries or otherwise, or if the Group’s assets are affected 
by arson or other attacks, this could materially affect the Group’s business, prospects, results of operations, 
financial condition and cash flows. For example, public perception of possible health risks associated with radio 
emissions and electromagnetic radiation could affect the growth of wireless companies, which could in turn slow 
down the Group’s growth and may affect the Group’s results of operations, especially if these perceived risks are 
substantiated. 
Since the allocation of spectrum is decided by the Spanish government, the Group is highly dependent on political 
decisions for the future of its DTT broadcasting business, which decisions are outside of its control. In the event 
that the number of MUXs available for DTT is further reduced, the Group’s customers could lose some of its 
current DTT multiplex spectrum currently licensed.

--- Page 28 ---
28 
The Group depends upon spectrum allocation for many other wireless services that it provides, either in the 
Broadcasting Infrastructure segment, Telecom Infrastructure Services segment or Other Network Services 
segment, such as Frequency Modulation (“FM”), Digital Audio Broadcasting (“DAB/DAB+”), terrestrial trunked 
radio (“TETRA”), IoT and radio links. The Group cannot guarantee that the spectrum needed to appropriately 
render its services or the spectrum needed by its customers will be available in the future, and any change in 
spectrum allocation could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, prospects, results of operations, 
financial condition and cash flows. 
The licenses and assigned frequency usage rights that the Group uses for services such as connectivity have a 
finite maturity. The Group could be unable to renew or obtain its licenses and frequency usage rights necessary 
for its business upon expiration of their terms or it may have to make significant investments to maintain its 
licenses, either of which could have a material adverse effect on its business, prospects, results of operations, 
financial condition and cash flows. 
Similarly, in the future the Group’s access to certain basic resources may be curtailed. As such, the access of the 
Group to some infrastructures linked to the Broadcasting Infrastructure segment are subject to the contract 
renewal conditions set at the time when Centre de Telecomunicacions i Tecnologies de la Informació de la 
Generalitat de Catalunya (“CTTI”) was privatised and it contributed assets to Cellnex’s subsidiary Tradia 
Telecom, S.A.U. The duration of said agreement is 35 years, distinguishing a mandatory period of 25 years until 
10 February 2025, subject to be renewed for an additional period of 10 years if the Group has fulfilled its financial 
rent obligations, the maintenance of such infrastructure is adequate and there is reserved space in favour of CTTI. 
If the above conditions are not met at the time of renewal, and such renewal does not occur, the Group will lose 
access to such infrastructures, which could have a material adverse effect on its business, prospects, results of 
operations, financial condition and cash flows. 
Risks related to the financial information incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus and other 
financial risks 
The Group is subject to risks related to its indebtedness, including interest rate risks 
The Group’s present or future indebtedness could have significant negative consequences on its business, 
prospects, results of operations, financial condition, corporate rating and cash flows, including: 
 
placing the Group at a possible competitive disadvantage to less leveraged competitors and competitors 
that may have better access to capital resources, including with respect to acquisitions and forcing the 
Group to forego certain business opportunities; 
 
requiring the dedication of a substantial portion of cash flow from operations to service Group debt, 
thereby reducing the amount of cash flow available for other purposes, including, among others, capital 
expenditures and dividends; 
 
requiring the Group to issue debt or equity securities or to sell some of its core assets, possibly not on 
the best terms, to meet payment obligations; 
 
accepting financial covenants in the Group’s financing contracts such as limitations on the incurrence of 
debt, restrictions in the amount and nature of the Group’s investments or the obligation to pledge certain 
Group’s assets; 
 
a potential downgrade from a rating agency, which can make obtaining new financing more difficult and 
expensive; and 
 
requiring the Group to early repay the outstanding debt in the event that the relevant change of control 
clause is triggered.

--- Page 29 ---
29 
The Group is exposed to interest rate risk through its current and non-current borrowings. Borrowings issued at 
floating rates expose the Group to cash flow interest rate risk, while fixed-rate borrowings expose the Group to 
fair value interest rate risk. 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, according to the Guarantor’s internal records, the Group’s fixed rate debt 
amounted to €7,756,950 thousand, representing 81% of its gross financial debt excluding lease liabilities 
(€9,577,288 thousand), whereas the Group’s variable rate debt amounted to €1,820,338 thousand, representing 
19% of its gross financial debt excluding lease liabilities. As of 31 December 2019, the Group’s fixed rate debt 
amounted to €3,497,050 thousand representing 68% of its gross financial debt excluding lease liabilities 
(€5,137,574 thousand), whereas the Group’s variable rate debt amounted to €1,640,524 thousand representing 
32% of its gross financial debt excluding lease liabilities. As of 31 December 2018, the Group’s fixed rate debt 
amounted to €2,506,988 thousand representing 81% of its gross financial debt excluding lease liabilities 
(€3,095,737 thousand), whereas the Group’s variable rate debt amounted to €588,749 thousand representing 19% 
of its gross financial debt excluding lease liabilities. 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Group’s weighted average cost of debt (considering both drawn and 
undrawn borrowings) was 1.4% and the weighted average cost of debt (considering only drawn down borrowings) 
was 1.5%. As of 31 December 2019, the Group’s weighted average cost of debt (considering both drawn and 
undrawn borrowings) was 1.5% and the weighted average cost of debt (considering only drawn down borrowings) 
was 1.7%. As of 31 December 2018, the Group’s weighted average cost of debt (considering both drawn and 
undrawn borrowings) was 1.9% and the weighted average cost of debt (considering only drawn down borrowings) 
was 2.2%. 
Any increase in interest rates would increase the Group’s finance costs relating to its variable-rate indebtedness 
and increase the costs of refinancing its existing indebtedness and issuing new debt, which could adversely affect 
the Group’s business, prospects, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.  
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the estimated sensitivity in the Group’s financial costs to a 1% change 
(increase or decrease) in the interest rate, both fixed and variable, is as follows. The amount of the Group’s 
financial costs from fixed gross financial debt excluding lease liabilities would remain unchanged. The amount 
of the Group’s financial costs from variable gross financial debt excluding lease liabilities would increase by 
€18,203 thousand in the event of a 1% interest rate increase. The amount of the Group’s financial costs from 
variable gross financial debt excluding lease liabilities would decrease by €4,869 thousand in the event of a 1% 
interest rate decrease, as some of the Group’s financing contracts include a EURIBOR/LIBOR floor. 
The historical consolidated financial information only takes into account the transactions completed as 
of each reporting period 
The Group has undertaken various significant transactions throughout the years 2018, 2019 and until 30 
September 2020, and has also entered into other material agreements further to that date. 
In particular, since 31 December 2019 the Group has entered into or completed certain transactions, including 
the completion of the Arqiva Acquisition on 8 July 2020, the completion of the NOS Towering Acquisition on 30 
September 2020 and the signings of the Iliad Polish Acquisition on 22 October 2020 and of the Transformational 
Strategic Alliance with Hutchison on 12 November 2020, respectively, the latter two not being accounted for in 
the unaudited consolidated financial information of the Guarantor in respect of the nine-month period ended 30 
September 2020. The Iliad Polish Acquisition and each of the transactions comprising the Transformational 
Strategic Alliance with Hutchison will be accounted for, respectively, as of its corresponding dates of completion, 
such that the corresponding impact of the relevant transactions will be included in the Group’s consolidated 
balance sheet as of the end of the reporting periods in which each of them is completed. (See “Description of the 
Guarantor” for additional information).

--- Page 30 ---
30 
The Group regularly enters into transactions to acquire additional infrastructures, which are structured as asset 
acquisitions or share purchases, as the case may be, and undertakes build-to-suit programs. Acquisitions are 
consolidated within the Group as of their respective dates of completion, such that, the corresponding impact of 
the operations of such acquisitions is reflected in the Group’s consolidated income statement from their respective 
dates of completion and the value of acquisitions is included in the Group’s consolidated balance sheet as of the 
end of the reporting period in which they were or are completed, as applicable. Limited or no historical financial 
information (audited or unaudited) is typically available for the acquired assets or business units prior to their 
date of incorporation into the Group.  
As the Group regularly enters into these types of transactions and programs, it is difficult to compare the Group’s 
historical and future infrastructure perimeter year-to-year on a like-for-like basis. Furthermore, as a result of these 
transactions and programs the financial condition and results of operations as of and for the financial periods 
discussed in this Base Prospectus are not fully comparable, may not be fully comparable with the Group’s 
financial statements for future periods, and may not be indicative of the Group’s current and future business, 
financial condition or results of operations.  
The Group is subject to foreign currency risks 
As the Group’s reporting currency is the euro, fluctuations in the value of other currencies in which borrowings 
are instrumented and transactions are carried out with respect to the euro may have an effect on future commercial 
transactions, recognized assets and liabilities, and net investments in foreign operations. 
Furthermore, the Group operates and holds assets in the United Kingdom and in Switzerland, both of which are 
outside the Eurozone. It is therefore exposed to foreign currency risks and in particular to the risk of currency 
fluctuation in connection with exchange rate between the euro, on the one hand, and the pound sterling and the 
Swiss franc, respectively, on the other. The Group’s strategy for hedging foreign currency risk in investments in 
non-euro currencies does not necessarily lean towards a full hedge of this risk. In fact, the Group is open to 
assessing different hedging strategies, including allowing the Group to have significant positions not covered. 
These different hedging strategies might be implemented over a reasonable period depending on the market and 
the prior assessment of the effect of the hedge. Hedging arrangements can be instrumented via derivatives or 
borrowings in local currency, which act as a natural hedge. 
The majority of the Group’s transactions are denominated in euro. However, as of 31 December 2019 the 
contributions to the Group’s income in a functional currency other than the euro amounted to €98,528 thousand 
(9.6% of the Group’s operating income) (€65,209 thousand representing 7.3% of the Group’s operating income 
as of 31 December 2018). As of 31 December 2019, the contributions to the Group’s total assets in a functional 
currency other than the euro amounted to €2,184,227 thousand (17% of the Group’s total assets) (€789,685 
thousand representing 15.4% of the Group’s total assets as of 31 December 2018). The volatility in the exchange 
rate between the euro, and, respectively, the pound sterling and the Swiss franc may have negative consequences 
on the Group, affecting its overall performance, business, results in operations, financial condition and cash flows. 
As of 31 December 2019, the estimated sensitivity of the consolidated operating income and of the consolidated 
equity to a 10% change (increase) in the exchange rate of the main currencies in which the Group operates with 
regard to the rate in effect as of 31 December 2019 is as follows:

--- Page 31 ---
31 
 
 
  
+ 10% 
  
 
Functional currency 
Operating Income 
Equity(1) 
(in thousands of €) 
 
 
 
GBP ....................................................................................................................  
(1,230) 
(24,952) 
CHF ....................................................................................................................  
(7,727) 
(72,083) 
(1) Impact on equity from translation differences arising in the consolidation process. 
Changes to tax rates or other provisions of the tax law may adversely affect the value of the Group’s 
deferred tax assets and liabilities 
The Group has significant deferred tax liabilities (amounting to €827,860 thousand as of 31 December 2019 and 
€333,306 thousand as of 31 December 2018) and deferred tax assets (amounting to €136,581 thousand as of 31 
December 2019 and amounting to €55,322 thousand as of 31 December 2018). Changes to tax rates or other 
provisions of applicable tax laws (for example, the deductibility of items) which may be enacted in the regions 
where the Group operates, or to their interpretation, may affect the timing, valuation or realisation of future 
deferred tax liabilities or assets. In particular, an increase in tax rates or the elimination of certain deductions 
could increase the expected future cost of existing deferred tax liabilities, which could have a material adverse 
effect on the Group’s business, prospects, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. In this regard, 
the Spanish government has announced specific tax measures that may include a minimum 15% effective tax rate 
for Spanish corporate income tax and limitations on the Spanish participation exemption in connection with 
dividends and capital gains under specific conditions. Should these measures be finally passed, they would affect 
Cellnex’s Spanish corporate-income-taxation position as well as that of the Group. 
In addition to the abovementioned risks, the Group is also exposed to the risk of changes to existing or new tax 
laws or international tax treaties, methodologies impacting the Group’s international operations, or fees directed 
specifically at the ownership and operation of communications infrastructures or the Group’s international 
acquisitions, which may be applied or enforced retroactively as well as to the new interpretation of such 
regulations in a more adverse manner for the Group, especially with regards to the tax treatment of certain 
environmental or real estate-related taxable events, or tax regulations. Changes to how such laws, treaties, 
methodologies and fees are interpreted or applied, including adjustments to the interpretation of transfer pricing 
standards; laws or regulations that tax or otherwise restrict repatriation of earnings or other funds or otherwise 
limit distributions of capital and changes thereto; increases in the cost of labor (as a result of increases in social 
security charges or otherwise), and taxes and other charges applicable to power and other goods and services 
required for its operations; and price setting or other similar laws for the sharing of active and passive 
infrastructure. The occurrence of one or more of these events could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s 
business, prospects, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 
Risk related to the Guarantor’s ownership structure 
The Guarantor’s significant shareholder’s interests may differ from those of the Guarantor 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, and pursuant to publicly available information, Edizione S.R.L 
(“Edizione”) holds indirectly approximately 13.02% of Cellnex’s share capital (through Connect Due S.r.l. 
(“ConnecT Due”), wholly-owned by Sintonia S.p.A. which in turn is wholly-owned by Edizione). In addition, 
Edizione has appointed two out of ten of Cellnex’s Directors (one of them, the Chairman of the Board of 
Directors). 
Consequently, Edizione has an influence over those matters requiring shareholders’ approval, including the 
appointment and dismissal of the members of the Board of Directors, the payment of dividends, changes in the 
issued share capital of the Guarantor and the adoption of certain amendments to the bylaws. There can be no

--- Page 32 ---
32 
assurance that Edizione, or any other current or future significant shareholder, will act in a manner that is in the 
best interest of the Guarantor, which could, in turn, adversely affect the Group’s business, prospects, results of 
operations, financial condition and cash flows. 
Risks Relating to the Notes 
The Notes may be redeemed by the Issuer prior to maturity 
Notes may be redeemable prior to maturity at the Issuer’s option in certain circumstances, and an optional 
redemption feature of Notes is likely to limit their market value. During any period when the Issuer may elect to 
redeem Notes, the market value of those Notes generally will not rise substantially above the price at which they 
can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any redemption period. The Issuer may be expected to redeem 
Notes when their cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate on the Notes. At those times, an investor 
generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a comparable security at an effective interest 
rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only be able to do so at a significantly 
lower rate. Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments available at that 
time. 
The value of and return on any Notes linked to a benchmark may be adversely affected by ongoing 
national and international regulatory reform in relation to benchmarks or future discontinuance of 
benchmarks  
LIBOR, EURIBOR, SONIA and other interest rate or other types of rates and indices which are deemed to be 
“benchmarks” are the subject of ongoing national and international regulatory discussions and proposals for 
reform. Some of these reforms are already effective whilst others are still to be implemented. The Benchmark 
Regulation was published in the Official Journal of the European Union on 29 June 2016 and has applied from 1 
January 2018 (with the exception of provisions specified in Article 59 (mainly on critical benchmarks) that have 
applied since 30 June 2016). The Benchmark Regulation could have a material impact on any Notes linked to 
LIBOR, EURIBOR or another “benchmark” rate or index, in particular, if the methodology or other terms of the 
“benchmark” are changed in order to comply with the terms of the Benchmark Regulation, and such changes 
could (amongst other things) have the effect of reducing or increasing the rate or level, or affecting the volatility 
of the published rate or level, of the benchmark. In addition, the Benchmark Regulation stipulates that each 
administrator of a “benchmark” regulated thereunder must be licensed by the competent authority of the Member 
State where such administrator is located. There is a risk that administrators of certain “benchmarks” will fail to 
obtain a necessary licence, preventing them from continuing to provide such “benchmarks”. Other administrators 
may cease to administer certain “benchmarks” because of the additional costs of compliance with the Benchmark 
Regulation and other applicable regulations, and the risks associated therewith. There is also a risk that certain 
benchmarks may continue to be administered but may in time become obsolete.  
Risks relating to the proposed discontinuation of LIBOR and other benchmarks 
On 27 July 2017, the UK Financial Conduct Authority (the “FCA”) announced that it will no longer persuade or 
compel banks to submit rates for the calculation of the LIBOR benchmark after 2021 (the “2017 FCA 
Announcement”). On 12 July 2018, the FCA further announced that the LIBOR benchmark may cease to be a 
regulated benchmark under the Benchmark Regulation (the “2018 FCA Announcement”). The 2017 FCA 
Announcement and the 2018 FCA Announcement indicate that the continuation of LIBOR on the current basis 
(or at all) cannot and will not be guaranteed after 2021 and that planning a transition to alternative reference rates 
that are based firmly on transactions, such as reformed SONIA (the Sterling Over Night Index Average), must 
begin.

--- Page 33 ---
33 
On 21 September 2017, the European Central Bank announced that it would be part of a new working group 
tasked with the identification and adoption of a “risk free overnight rate” which can serve as a basis for an 
alternative to current benchmarks used in a variety of financial instruments and contracts in the euro area. 
Following the implementation of any such potential reforms, the manner of administration of benchmarks may 
change, with the result that they may perform differently than in the past, or the benchmark could be eliminated 
entirely, or there could be other consequences that cannot be predicted. The elimination of the LIBOR benchmark 
or any other benchmark, or changes in the manner of administration of any benchmark, could require or result in 
an adjustment to the interest calculation provisions of the Conditions (as further described in Condition 7(j) 
(Benchmark Discontinuation)), or result in adverse consequences to holders of any Notes linked to such 
benchmark (including Floating Rate Notes whose interest rates are linked to LIBOR, EURIBOR, SONIA or any 
other such benchmark that is subject to reform). Furthermore, even prior to the implementation of any changes, 
uncertainty as to the nature of alternative reference rates and as to potential changes to such benchmark may 
adversely affect such benchmark during the term of the relevant Notes, the return on the relevant Notes and the 
trading market for securities (including the Notes) based on the same benchmark. 
The Conditions set out below provide for certain fallback arrangements in the event that a published benchmark, 
such as LIBOR, (including any page on which such benchmark may be published (or any successor service)) 
becomes unavailable, including the possibility that the rate of interest could be set by reference to a successor 
rate or an alternative rate and that such successor rate or alternative reference rate may be adjusted (if required). 
Furthermore, if a successor rate or alternative rate for the original rate of interest is determined, the Issuer may 
vary the Conditions, as necessary to ensure the proper operation of such successor rate or alternative rate, without 
any requirement for consent or approval of the Noteholders. In certain circumstances the ultimate fallback of 
interest for a particular Interest Period may result in the rate of interest for the last preceding Interest Period being 
used. This may result in the effective application of a fixed rate for Floating Rate Notes based on the rate which 
was last observed on the Relevant Screen Page. In addition, due to the uncertainty concerning the availability of 
successor rates and alternative reference rates and the involvement of an Independent Adviser, the relevant 
fallback provisions may not operate as intended at the relevant time. 
Any such consequences could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any such Notes. 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the potential risks 
imposed by the Benchmark Regulation reforms in making any investment decision with respect to any Notes 
linked to or referencing a benchmark. 
The market continues to develop in relation to risk-free rates (including SONIA) as reference rates for 
floating rate Notes 
Nascent risk-free rates and market 
Investors should be aware that the market continues to develop in relation to risk-free rates, such as SONIA, as 
reference rates in the capital markets for sterling bonds, as applicable, and their adoption as alternatives to the 
relevant interbank offered rates. SONIA has been recently reformed and other risk-free rates are newly 
established. Therefore, SONIA (as reformed) and other risk-free rates have a limited performance history and the 
future performance of such risk-free rates is impossible to predict. As a consequence, no future performance of 
the relevant risk-free rate or Notes referencing such risk-free rate may be inferred from any of the hypothetical 
or actual historical performance data. 
Calculation of Interest 
Interest is calculated on the basis of the compounded risk-free rate. Compounded SONIA is calculated using the 
relevant specific formula set out in the Conditions, not on the basis of a risk-free rate published on or in respect 
of a particular date during the Observation Period or an arithmetic average of the relevant risk-free rates during

--- Page 34 ---
34 
such period. For this and other reasons, the interest rate on the Notes during any Observation Period will not be 
the same as the interest rate on other investments linked to the risk-free rate that uses an alternative basis to 
determine the applicable interest rate.  
In addition, market participants and relevant working groups are exploring alternative reference rates based on 
risk-free rates, including term SONIA reference rates (which seek to measure the market’s forward expectation 
of an average SONIA rate over a designated term).  
Interest on Notes which reference a risk-free rate is only capable of being determined immediately prior to the 
relevant Interest Payment Date. It may be difficult for investors in Notes which reference risk-free rates to reliably 
estimate the amount of interest which will be payable on such Notes. Further, if the Notes become due and 
payable under Condition 12 or are otherwise redeemed early on a date which is not an Interest Payment Date, the 
Rate of Interest payable shall be determined on the date the Notes became due and payable and shall not be reset 
thereafter.  
Each risk-free rate is published and calculated by third parties based on data received from other sources and the 
Issuer has no control over their respective determinations, calculations or publications. There can be no guarantee 
that the relevant risk-free rate will not be discontinued or fundamentally altered in a manner that is materially 
adverse to the interests of investors in Notes linked to or which reference a such risk-free rate (or that any 
applicable benchmark fallback provisions provided for in the Conditions will provide a rate which is 
economically equivalent for Noteholders). The Bank of England, as administrator of SONIA, does not have an 
obligation to consider the interests of Noteholders in calculating, adjusting, converting, revising or discontinuing 
the relevant risk-free rate. If the manner in which the relevant risk-free rate is calculated is changed, that change 
may result in a reduction of the amount of interest payable on such Notes and the trading prices of such Notes. 
Market Adoption 
The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of risk-free rates that differs significantly from 
that set out in the Conditions and used in relation to Notes that reference a risk-free rate issued under this Base 
Prospectus. Investors should carefully consider how any mismatch between the adoption of such reference rates 
in the bond, loan and derivatives markets may impact any hedging or other financial arrangements which they 
may put in place in connection with any acquisition, holding or disposal of any Notes. 
Meetings of Noteholders: Modification and waiver 
The Agency Agreement contains provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders to consider matters relating to 
the Notes, including the modification of any provision of the Conditions. Such modification may be a reduction 
in the amount of principal or interest payable on any date in respect of the Notes or to alter the method of 
calculating the amount of any payment in respect of the Notes on redemption or maturity or to effect the exchange 
or substitution of the Notes for, or the conversion of the Notes into, shares, bonds or other obligations or securities 
of the Issuer or any other person or body corporate formed or to be formed. These provisions permit defined 
majorities to bind all Noteholders including Noteholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting and 
Noteholders who voted in a manner contrary to such resolutions. 
As a result of the above, actions may be taken with respect to a Series of Notes with which some Noteholders of 
such Notes may not agree or which may economically prejudice such Noteholders.  
Risks related to the Spanish withholding tax regime 
The Issuer considers that, pursuant to the provisions of the Law 10/2014 and Royal Decree 1065/2007, as 
amended, it is not obliged to withhold taxes in Spain on any interest paid on the Notes to any Noteholder, 
irrespective of whether such Noteholder is tax resident in Spain. The foregoing is subject to compliance with

--- Page 35 ---
35 
certain information procedures described in “Taxation—Taxation in Spain—Information about the Notes in 
connection with Payments” below. 
The Issuer and the Fiscal Agent will, to the extent applicable, comply with the relevant procedures to facilitate 
the collection of information concerning the Notes. The procedures may be modified, amended or supplemented 
to, among other reasons, reflect a change in applicable Spanish law, regulation, ruling or interpretation thereof. 
Under Royal Decree 1065/2007, the Issuer may make payments free of Spanish withholding tax, provided that 
the Notes comply, among others, with the following requirements: (i) the Notes are regarded as listed debt 
securities issued under Law 10/2014; and (ii) they are initially registered at a foreign clearing and settlement 
entity that is recognised under Spanish regulations or under those of another OECD member state. The Issuer 
expects that the Notes will meet the requirements referred to in (i) and (ii) above and that, consequently, payments 
made by the Issuer to Noteholders should be paid free of Spanish withholding tax, provided that the procedural 
requirements referred to above are complied with. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Fiscal Agent fails to 
submit to the Issuer the relevant information in a timely manner, the Issuer will withhold tax at the then-applicable 
rate (as of the date of this Base Prospectus, 19%) from any payment in respect of the relevant Notes. The Issuer 
will not pay any additional amounts with respect to any such withholding arising as a result of any failure or 
inability to comply with the relevant procedural requirements. 
Investors who are not resident in Spain for tax purposes and are entitled to exemption from Non-Resident Income 
Tax on income derived from the Notes, but where the Issuer does not timely receive the information above about 
the Notes by means of a certificate the form of which is attached as Annex I of this Base Prospectus, would have 
to apply directly to the Spanish tax authorities for any refund to which they may be entitled, according to the 
procedures set forth in the Spanish Non Resident Income Tax Law. 
If the Spanish Tax Authorities maintain a different opinion as to the application by the Issuer or the Guarantor of 
withholding to payments made to Spanish tax residents (individuals and entities subject to Corporate Income Tax 
(Impuesto sobre Sociedades)), the Issuer or the Guarantor, as the case may be, will be bound by the opinion and, 
with immediate effect, will make the appropriate withholding. If this is the case, identification of Noteholders 
may be required and the procedures, if any, for the collection of relevant information will be applied by the Issuer 
(to the extent required) so that it can comply with its obligations under the applicable legislation as interpreted 
by the Spanish Tax Authorities. If procedures for the collection of the Noteholders information are to apply, the 
Noteholders will be informed of such new procedures and their implications. 
Notwithstanding the above, in the case of Notes held by Spanish tax resident individuals (and, under certain 
circumstances, by Spanish entities subject to Corporate Income Tax) and deposited with a Spanish resident entity 
acting as depositary or custodian, payments in respect of such Notes may be subject to withholding by such 
depositary or custodian (currently 19%). 
Risks related to the Spanish Insolvency Law  
The Spanish Insolvency Law regulates court insolvency proceedings, and may lead either to the restructuring of 
the debts of the Issuer or to the liquidation of its assets, as well as restructuring schemes out of insolvency. 
Under the Spanish Insolvency Law, the claims of creditors are classified as credits against the estate (créditos 
contra la masa), general and special privileged credits (créditos privilegiados generales y especiales), ordinary 
credits (créditos ordinarios) or subordinated credits (créditos subordinados). On insolvency of an entity under 
the Spanish Insolvency Law, ordinary creditors rank ahead of subordinated creditors but behind privileged 
creditors and creditors with claims against the estate. It is intended that claims against the Issuer under the Notes 
respectively will be classified as ordinary credits. However, certain actions or circumstances that are beyond the 
control of the Issuer may result in these claims being classified as subordinated credits. For example, under 
Article 281.1.5º of the Spanish Insolvency Law, the claims of those persons especially related to the Issuer will

--- Page 36 ---
36 
be classified as subordinated creditors (except in those cases established under Article 281.2 of the Spanish 
Insolvency Law). 
The following persons may be considered especially related to the Issuer: 
(a) 
shareholders holding, directly or indirectly, (i) 5% or more of the Issuer’s share capital at the moment in 
which the credit right arises, if the Issuer is a quoted company; or (ii) 10% or more of the Issuer’s capital 
at the moment in which the credit arises, if the Issuer is not a quoted company. In the event the shareholder 
is a natural person, those persons who are specially related to him as provided in the Spanish Insolvency 
Law are also deemed as persons specially related to the Issuer; 
(b) 
actual or shadow directors and general attorneys (including those who acted as such in the 2 years leading 
up to the declaration of insolvency); and 
(c) 
members of the same group of companies as the Issuer and their common shareholders, if the latter comply 
with the requirements established in Article 283.1.4º of the Spanish Insolvency Law. 
Furthermore, any person who acquires credits that were held by one of the above persons is also presumed to be 
especially related if the acquisition takes place in the two years leading up to the declaration of insolvency. This 
presumption is rebuttable. 
The claims of Noteholders may, therefore, to the extent they are considered especially related to the Issuer, be 
subordinated as a result of the application of the provisions of the Spanish Insolvency Law. Noteholders should 
be aware of this subordination risk and take those precautions they consider appropriate to ensure that their claims 
are not subordinated. 
The Spanish Insolvency Law includes pre-insolvency instruments, refinancing agreements (“acuerdos de 
refinanciación”) and arrangements (“convenios”), being their key traits: 
(a) 
No enforcement of security in pre-insolvency scenarios under Articles 583 et seq. of the Spanish 
Insolvency Law: Spanish Insolvency Law already included a notification system for distressed companies, 
when negotiations with creditors had been started for the purposes of agreeing a refinancing agreement 
(as defined by the Spanish Insolvency Law) or an advanced composition agreement to be filed within the 
insolvency procedure, which suspended the obligation of the insolvent company to file for insolvency in 
a period of 3 months, and prevented creditors from filing for its insolvency. Once this 3 months term 
elapses, the company must file for insolvency within the next month if the state of insolvency persists. 
Following the referred reform, when the abovementioned Articles 583 et seq. notification has been made, 
secured creditors can enforce their security but such enforcement will be automatically suspended in the 
event the secured assets affected by such enforcement are needed for the continuity of the business activity 
of the debtor. 
(b) 
Protected refinancing agreements: The protected restructuring agreements provide a “safe harbour” for 
restructuring processes, so the claw-back period did not affect them and the transactions carried out under 
these restructuring agreements were not subject to scrutiny and potential revocation when the company 
became insolvent.  
(c) 
Spanish “schemes of arrangement”: the refinancing agreements described above are designed to protect 
the actions carried out pursuant to them from the claw-back period upon insolvency of the company. The 
Spanish Insolvency Law allows the cram down of dissenting creditors holding financial claims against the 
borrowers (including secured creditors) within refinancing agreements when meeting certain 
requirements, mainly regarding majority thresholds. 
The Spanish Insolvency Law also provides, among other things, that: (i) any claim may become subordinated if 
it is not reported to the insolvency administrators (administradores concursales) within one month from the last

--- Page 37 ---
37 
official publication of the court order declaring the insolvency in the Spanish Official Gazette (Boletín Oficial 
del Estado), (ii) acts deemed detrimental for the insolvency estate of the insolvent debtor carried out during the 
two year period preceding the date of its declaration of insolvency may be rescinded, even if no fraud nor link to 
the insolvency exist (some legal presumptions of “detrimental acts”, rebuttable and non-rebuttable, are 
established in the Spanish Insolvency Law), (iii) provisions in a bilateral contract granting one party the right to 
terminate by reason only of the other’s insolvency are not enforceable, and (iv) accrual of interest (other than 
interests accruing under secured liabilities up to an amount equal to the value of the asset subject to the security) 
shall be suspended as from the date of the declaration of insolvency and any amount of interest accrued up to 
such date and unpaid (other than any interest accruing under secured liabilities up to an amount equal to the value 
of the asset subject to the security) shall become subordinated. 
Risks Relating to the Market generally 
The Issue Price may be greater than the market value of the Notes 
The Issue Price specified in the relevant Final Terms may be higher than the market value of the Notes as at the 
Issue Date, and the price, if any, at which a Dealer or any other person is willing to purchase the Notes in 
secondary market transactions is likely to be lower than the Issue Price. In particular, the Issue Price may take 
into account amounts with respect to commissions relating to the issue and sale of the Notes as well as amounts 
relating to the hedging of the Issuer's obligations under the Notes, and secondary market prices are likely to 
exclude such amounts. In addition, whilst the proprietary pricing models of Dealers are often based on well 
recognised financial principles, other market participants' pricing models may differ or produce a different result. 
There is no active trading market for the Notes 
Notes issued under the Programme will be new securities that may not be widely distributed and for which there 
is currently no active trading market (unless in the case of any particular Tranche, such Tranche is to be 
consolidated with and form a single series with a Tranche of Notes that is already issued). If the Notes are traded 
after their initial issuance, they may trade at a discount to their initial offering price, depending upon prevailing 
interest rates, the market for similar securities, general economic conditions and the financial condition of the 
Issuer and the Guarantor. Although applications have been made for the Notes issued under the Programme to be 
listed on the Official List of Euronext Dublin and admitted to trading on its regulated market, there is no assurance 
that such applications will be accepted, that any particular Tranche of Notes will be so admitted or that an active 
trading market will develop. Accordingly, there is no assurance as to the development or liquidity of any trading 
market for any particular Tranche of Notes. 
Ratings of the Issuer, the Guarantor or of Notes could cause fluctuations in the price at which Notes are 
traded 
Notes issued under the Programme are currently expected to be rated or unrated. However, the Issuer and the 
Guarantor may in the future solicit a rating for itself and/or its debt (including one or more issues of Notes under 
the Programme) from one or more credit rating agencies. Should any such assigned rating(s) be published, there 
can be no assurances as to whether or not any such rating will be investment grade. The publication of any such 
rating could lead to fluctuations in the price at which the Notes are traded in the secondary market, especially if 
the rating is below investment grade. 
Exchange rate fluctuations may affect the value of the Notes 
If an investor's financial activities are denominated principally in a currency or currency unit (the “Investor's 
Currency”) other than the unit of currency in which principal and interest on the Notes is paid (the “Payment 
Currency”), this could present certain risk relating to currency conversions. These include the risk that exchange 
rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the Payment Currency or revaluation of 
the Investor's Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor's Currency may impose

--- Page 38 ---
38 
or modify exchange controls. An appreciation in the value of the Investor's Currency relative to the Payment 
Currency would decrease (i) the Investor's Currency-equivalent yield on the Notes, (ii) the Investor's Currency-
equivalent value of the principal payable on the Notes, and (iii) the Investor's Currency equivalent market value 
of the Notes. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose exchange controls that could adversely affect an applicable 
exchange rate. As a result, investors may receive less interest or principal than expected, or no interest or 
principal. Any of the foregoing events could adversely affect the price of the Notes. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate that may convert from a fixed rate to a floating rate, or from 
a floating rate to a fixed rate. Where the Issuer has the right to effect such a conversion, this will affect the 
secondary market and the market value of the Notes since the Issuer may be expected to convert the rate when it 
is likely to produce a lower overall cost of borrowing. If the Issuer converts from a fixed rate to a floating rate in 
such circumstances, the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be less favourable than then prevailing 
spreads on comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to the same reference rate. In addition, the new floating rate at 
any time may be lower than the rates on other Notes. If the Issuer converts from a floating rate to a fixed rate in 
such circumstances, the fixed rate may be lower than then prevailing rates on its Notes.

--- Page 39 ---
39 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following information shall be deemed to be incorporated in, and to form part of, this Base Prospectus: 
1. 
an English language translation of the unaudited consolidated interim financial information of the 
Guarantor in respect of the 9-month period ended 30 September 2020 available for viewing on: 
https://www.cellnextelecom.com/content/uploads/2020/11/Cellnex-Results-3Q-2020-4.pdf 
and 
https://www.cellnextelecom.com/content/uploads/2020/12/Cellnex-Q3-2020-Back-Up-2.xlsx 
2. 
an English language translation of the audited consolidated financial statements of the Guarantor 
prepared in accordance with IFRS-EU (including the auditors’ report thereon and notes thereto) and the 
consolidated directors’ management report in respect of the year ended 31 December 2019 available for 
viewing on: 
https://www.cellnextelecom.com/content/uploads/2020/02/Informe-Anual-Integrado-2019-web-con-
informe-ENG_WEB-2.pdf 
3. 
an English language translation of the audited consolidated financial statements of the Guarantor prepared 
in accordance with IFRS-EU (including the auditors’ report thereon and notes thereto) and the 
consolidated directors’ management report in respect of the year ended 31 December 2018 available for 
viewing on: 
https://www.cellnextelecom.com/content/uploads/2019/03/IAICCAA_2018_EN-1.pdf 
Copies of the documents specified above as containing information incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus may be inspected, free of charge, at the registered office of the Issuer and at the registered office of 
the Guarantor, and each has been filed with the Central Bank. Any information contained in any of the documents 
specified above which is not incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus is either not relevant to investors 
or is covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. For the avoidance of doubt, unless specifically incorporated by 
reference into this Base Prospectus, information contained on the Guarantor’s corporate website does not form 
part of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 40 ---
40 
FINAL TERMS AND DRAWDOWN PROSPECTUSES 
In this section the expression “necessary information” means, in relation to any Tranche of Notes, the necessary 
information which is material to an investor for making an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, 
financial position, profits and losses and prospects of the Issuer and the Guarantor and of the rights attaching to 
the Notes. In relation to the different types of Notes which may be issued under the Programme the Issuer and 
the Guarantor have included in this Base Prospectus all of the necessary information except for information 
relating to the Notes which is not known at the date of this Base Prospectus and which can only be determined at 
the time of an individual issue of a Tranche of Notes. 
Any information relating to the Notes which is not included in this Base Prospectus and which is required in 
order to complete the necessary information in relation to a Tranche of Notes will be contained either in the 
relevant Final Terms or in a Drawdown Prospectus. 
For a Tranche of Notes which is the subject of Final Terms, those Final Terms will, for the purposes of that 
Tranche only, complete this Base Prospectus and must be read in conjunction with this Base Prospectus. The 
terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes that is the subject of Final Terms are the 
Conditions described in the relevant Final Terms as completed to the extent described in the relevant Final Terms. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes which is the subject of a Drawdown 
Prospectus will be the Conditions as amended and/or replaced to the extent described in the relevant Drawdown 
Prospectus. In the case of a Tranche of Notes which is the subject of a Drawdown Prospectus, each reference in 
this Base Prospectus to information being specified or identified in the relevant Final Terms shall be read and 
construed as a reference to such information being specified or identified in the relevant Drawdown Prospectus 
unless the context requires otherwise. 
Each Drawdown Prospectus will be constituted by a single document containing the necessary information 
relating to the Issuer, the Guarantor and the relevant Notes.

--- Page 41 ---
41 
FORMS OF THE NOTES 
Bearer Notes 
Each Tranche of Notes in bearer form (“Bearer Notes”) will initially be in the form of either a temporary global 
note in bearer form (the “Temporary Global Note”), without interest coupons, or a permanent global note in 
bearer form (the “Permanent Global Note”), without interest coupons, in each case as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. Each Temporary Global Note or, as the case may be, Permanent Global Note (each a “Global Note”) 
which is not intended to be issued in new global note (“NGN”) form, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
will be deposited on or around the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes with a depositary or a common 
depositary for Euroclear Bank SA/NV (“Euroclear”) and/or Clearstream Banking, S.A. (“Clearstream, 
Luxembourg”) and/or any other relevant clearing system and each Global Note which is intended to be issued 
in NGN form, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, will be deposited on or around the issue date of the relevant 
Tranche of the Notes with a common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
On 13 June 2006 the European Central Bank (the “ECB”) announced that Notes in NGN form are in compliance 
with the “Standards for the use of EU securities settlement systems in ESCB credit operations” of the central 
banking system for the euro (the “Eurosystem”), provided that certain other criteria are fulfilled. At the same 
time the ECB also announced that arrangements for Notes in NGN form will be offered by Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg as of 30 June 2006 and that debt securities in global bearer form issued through 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg after 31 December 2006 will only be eligible as collateral for 
Eurosystem operations if the NGN form is used. 
In the case of each Tranche of Bearer Notes, the relevant Final Terms will also specify whether U.S. Treasury 
Regulation §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) (or any successor rules in substantially the same form that are applicable for 
purposes of Section 4701 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “Code”)) (the “TEFRA 
C Rules”) or U.S. Treasury Regulation §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (or any successor rules in substantially the same 
form that are applicable for purposes of Section 4701 of the Code) (the “TEFRA D Rules”) are applicable in 
relation to the Notes or, if the Notes do not have a maturity of more than 365 days, that neither the TEFRA C 
Rules nor the TEFRA D Rules are applicable. 
Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Permanent Global Notes 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being “Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent Global Note”, then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Temporary Global Note which will be 
exchangeable, in whole or in part, for interests in a Permanent Global Note, without interest coupons, not earlier 
than 40 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial 
ownership. No payments will be made under the Temporary Global Note unless exchange for interests in the 
Permanent Global Note is improperly withheld or refused. In addition, interest payments in respect of the Notes 
cannot be collected without such certification of non-U.S. beneficial ownership. 
Whenever any interest in the Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for an interest in a Permanent Global 
Note, the Issuer shall procure (in the case of first exchange) the delivery of a Permanent Global Note, duly 
authenticated and, in the case of a NGN, effectuated, to the bearer of the Temporary Global Note or (in the case 
of any subsequent exchange) an increase in the principal amount of the Permanent Global Note in accordance 
with its terms against: 
(i) 
presentation and (in the case of final exchange) presentation and surrender of the Temporary Global Note 
to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent; and 
(ii) 
receipt by the Fiscal Agent of a certificate or certificates of non-U.S. beneficial ownership.

--- Page 42 ---
42 
The principal amount of Notes represented by the Permanent Global Note shall be equal to the aggregate of the 
principal amounts specified in the certificates of non-U.S. beneficial ownership provided, however, that in no 
circumstances shall the principal amount of Notes represented by the Permanent Global Note exceed the initial 
principal amount of Notes represented by the Temporary Global Note. 
If: 
(a) 
the Permanent Global Note has not been delivered or the principal amount thereof increased by 5.00 p.m. 
(London time) on the seventh day after the bearer of the Temporary Global Note has requested exchange 
of an interest in the Temporary Global Note for an interest in a Permanent Global Note; or 
(b) 
the Temporary Global Note (or any part thereof) has become due and payable in accordance with the 
Conditions of the Notes or the date for final redemption of the Temporary Global Note has occurred and, 
in either case, payment in full of the amount of principal falling due with all accrued interest thereon has 
not been made to the bearer of the Temporary Global Note in accordance with the terms of the Temporary 
Global Note on the due date for payment, 
then the Temporary Global Note (including the obligation to deliver a Permanent Global Note) will become void 
at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on such seventh day (in the case of (a) above) or at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on such 
due date (in the case of (b) above) and the bearer of the Temporary Global Note will have no further rights 
thereunder (but without prejudice to the rights which the bearer of the Temporary Global Note or others may 
have under the Deed of Covenant). 
Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being “Permanent Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes”, then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Permanent Global Note which will be 
exchangeable in whole, but not in part, for Bearer Notes in definitive form (“Definitive Notes”): 
(i) 
on the expiry of such period of notice as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(ii) 
at any time, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(iii) 
if the relevant Final Terms specifies “in the limited circumstances described in the Permanent Global 
Note”, then if either of the following events occurs: 
(a) 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing system is closed for business 
for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of legal holidays) or announces an 
intention permanently to cease business; or 
(b) 
any of the circumstances described in Condition 12 (Events of Default) occurs. 
Whenever the Permanent Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall procure the prompt 
delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with Coupons and Talons 
attached (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal 
amount of Notes represented by the Permanent Global Note to the bearer of the Permanent Global Note against 
the surrender of the Permanent Global Note to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent within 30 days of the bearer 
requesting such exchange. 
If: 
(a) 
Definitive Notes have not been duly delivered by 5.00 p.m. (London time) on the thirtieth day after the 
bearer has requested exchange of the Permanent Global Note for Definitive Notes; or 
(b) 
the Permanent Global Note was originally issued in exchange for part only of a Temporary Global Note 
representing the Notes and such Temporary Global Note becomes void in accordance with its terms; or

--- Page 43 ---
43 
(c) 
the Permanent Global Note (or any part thereof) has become due and payable in accordance with the 
Conditions of the Notes or the date for final redemption of the Permanent Global Note has occurred and, 
in either case, payment in full of the amount of principal falling due with all accrued interest thereon has 
not been made to the bearer in accordance with the terms of the Permanent Global Note on the due date 
for payment, 
then the Permanent Global Note (including the obligation to deliver Definitive Notes) will become void at 5.00 
p.m. (London time) on such thirtieth day (in the case of (a) above) or at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on the date on 
which such Temporary Global Note becomes void (in the case of (b) above) or at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on 
such due date (in the case of (c) above) and the bearer of the Permanent Global Note will have no further rights 
thereunder (but without prejudice to the rights which the bearer of the Permanent Global Note or others may have 
under the Deed of Covenant). 
Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being “Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes” and also specifies that the TEFRA C Rules are applicable or that neither the TEFRA C Rules 
or the TEFRA D Rules are applicable, then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Temporary Global Note 
which will be exchangeable, in whole but not in part, for Definitive Notes not earlier than 40 days after the issue 
date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes. 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being “Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes” and also specifies that the TEFRA D Rules are applicable, then the Notes will initially be in 
the form of a Temporary Global Note which will be exchangeable, in whole or in part, for Definitive Notes not 
earlier than 40 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes upon certification as to non-U.S. 
beneficial ownership. Interest payments in respect of the Notes cannot be collected without such certification of 
non-U.S. beneficial ownership. 
Whenever the Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall procure the prompt 
delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with Coupons and Talons 
attached (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal 
amount of the Temporary Global Note to the bearer of the Temporary Global Note against the surrender of the 
Temporary Global Note to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent within 30 days of the bearer requesting such 
exchange. 
If: 
(a) 
Definitive Notes have not been duly delivered by 5.00 p.m. (London time) on the thirtieth day after the 
bearer has requested exchange of the Temporary Global Note for Definitive Notes; or 
(b) 
the Temporary Global Note (or any part thereof) has become due and payable in accordance with the 
Conditions of the Notes or the date for final redemption of the Temporary Global Note has occurred and, 
in either case, payment in full of the amount of principal falling due with all accrued interest thereon has 
not been made to the bearer in accordance with the terms of the Temporary Global Note on the due date 
for payment, 
then the Temporary Global Note (including the obligation to deliver Definitive Notes) will become void at 5.00 
p.m. (London time) on such thirtieth day (in the case of (a) above) or at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on such due 
date (in the case of (b) above) and the bearer of the Temporary Global Note will have no further rights thereunder 
(but without prejudice to the rights which the bearer of the Temporary Global Note or others may have under the 
Deed of Covenant).

--- Page 44 ---
44 
Rights under Deed of Covenant 
Under the Deed of Covenant, persons shown in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or 
any other relevant clearing system as being entitled to an interest in a Temporary Global Note or a Permanent 
Global Note which becomes void will acquire directly against the Issuer all those rights to which they would 
have been entitled if, immediately before the Temporary Global Note or Permanent Global Note became void, 
they had been the holders of Definitive Notes in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of 
Notes they were shown as holding in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other 
relevant clearing system. 
Terms and Conditions applicable to the Notes 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Definitive Note will be endorsed on that Note and will consist of the 
terms and conditions set out under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” below and the provisions of the relevant 
Final Terms which complete those terms and conditions. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Note in global form will differ from those terms and conditions which 
would apply to the Note were it in definitive form to the extent described under “Summary of Provisions Relating 
to the Notes while in Global Form” below. 
Legend concerning U.S. persons 
In the case of any Tranche of Bearer Notes having a maturity of more than 365 days, the Notes in global form, 
the Notes in definitive form and any Coupons and Talons appertaining thereto will bear a legend to the following 
effect: 
“Any United States person who holds this obligation will be subject to limitations under the United States 
income tax laws, including the limitations provided in Sections 165(j) and 1287(a) of the Internal Revenue 
Code.” 
Registered Notes 
Each Tranche of Notes in registered form (“Registered Notes”) will be represented by either: 
(i) 
individual Note Certificates in registered form (“Individual Note Certificates”); or 
(ii) 
one or more global note certificates (“Global Registered Note(s)”), 
in each case as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
In a press release dated 22 October 2008, “Evolution of the custody arrangement for international debt securities 
and their eligibility in Eurosystem credit operations”, the ECB announced that it had assessed the new holding 
structure and custody arrangements for registered notes which the ICSDs had designed in cooperation with 
market participants and that Notes to be held under the new structure (the “New Safekeeping Structure” or 
“NSS”) would be in compliance with the “Standards for the use of EU securities settlement systems in ESCB 
credit operations” of the central banking system for the euro (the “Eurosystem”), subject to the conclusion of 
the necessary legal and contractual arrangements. The press release also stated that the new arrangements for 
Notes to be held in NSS form will be offered by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as of 30 June 2010 and 
that registered debt securities in global registered form issued through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
after 30 September 2010 will only be eligible as collateral in Eurosystem operations if the New Safekeeping 
Structure is used. 
Each Global Registered Note will either be: (a) in the case of a Note which is not to be held under the NSS, 
registered in the name of a common depositary (or its nominee) for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
and/or any other relevant clearing system and the relevant Global Registered Note will be deposited on or about 
the issue date with the common depositary and will be exchangeable in accordance with its terms; or (b) in the

--- Page 45 ---
45 
case of a Note to be held under the New Safekeeping Structure, be registered in the name of a common safekeeper 
(or its nominee) for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system and 
the relevant Global Registered Note will be deposited on or about the issue date with the common safekeeper for 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and will be exchangeable for Individual Note Certificates in 
accordance with its terms. 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being “Individual Note Certificates”, then the Notes 
will at all times be represented by Individual Note Certificates issued to each Noteholder in respect of their 
respective holdings. 
Global Registered Note exchangeable for Individual Note Certificates 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being “Global Registered Note exchangeable for 
Individual Note Certificates”, then the Notes will initially be represented by one or more Global Registered Notes 
each of which will be exchangeable in whole, but not in part, for Individual Note Certificates if the relevant Final 
Terms specifies “in the limited circumstances described in the Global Registered Note”, then if either of the 
following events occurs: 
(a) 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing system is closed for business for a 
continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of legal holidays) or announces an intention 
permanently to cease business; or 
(b) 
if any of the circumstances described in Condition 12 (Events of Default) occurs. 
Whenever a Global Registered Note is to be exchanged for Individual Note Certificates, each person having an 
interest in a Global Registered Note must provide the Registrar (through the relevant clearing system) with such 
information as the Issuer and the Registrar may require to complete and deliver Individual Note Certificates 
(including the name and address of each person in which the Notes represented by the Individual Note Certificates 
are to be registered and the principal amount of each such person’s holding). 
Whenever a Global Registered Note is to be exchanged for Individual Note Certificates, the Issuer shall procure 
that Individual Note Certificates will be issued in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of 
the Global Registered Note within 5 business days of the delivery, by or on behalf of the registered holder of the 
Global Registered Note to the Registrar of such information as is required to complete and deliver such Individual 
Note Certificates against the surrender of the Global Registered Note at the specified office of the Registrar. 
Such exchange will be effected in accordance with the provisions of the Agency Agreement and the regulations 
concerning the transfer and registration of Notes scheduled to the Agency Agreement and, in particular, shall be 
effected without charge to any holder, but against such indemnity as the Registrar may require in respect of any 
tax or other duty of whatsoever nature which may be levied or imposed in connection with such exchange. 
If: 
(a) 
Individual Note Certificates have not been delivered by 5.00 p.m. (London time) on the thirtieth day after 
they are due to be issued and delivered in accordance with the terms of the Global Registered Note; or 
(b) 
any of the Notes represented by a Global Registered Note (or any part of it) has become due and payable 
in accordance with the Conditions of the Notes or the date for final redemption of the Notes has occurred 
and, in either case, payment in full of the amount of principal falling due with all accrued interest thereon 
has not been made to the holder of the Global Registered Note in accordance with the terms of the Global 
Registered Note on the due date for payment, 
then at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on such thirtieth day (in the case of (a) above) or at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on 
such due date (in the case of (b) above) each Accountholder (as defined herein) shall acquire under the Deed of

--- Page 46 ---
46 
Covenant rights of enforcement against the Issuer (“Direct Rights”) to compel the Issuer to perform its 
obligations to the Holder of the Global Registered Note in respect of the Notes represented by the Global 
Registered Note, including the obligation of the Issuer to make all payments when due at any time in respect of 
such Notes in accordance with the Conditions as if such Notes had (where required by the Conditions) been duly 
presented and surrendered on the due date in accordance with the Conditions. 
The Direct Rights shall be without prejudice to the rights which the Holder of the Global Registered Note may 
have under the Global Registered Note or otherwise. Payment to the Holder of the Global Registered Note in 
respect of any Notes represented by the Global Registered Note shall constitute a discharge of the Issuer’s 
obligations under the Notes and the Deed of Covenant to the extent of any such payment and nothing in the Deed 
of Covenant shall oblige the Issuer to make any payment under the Notes to or to the order of any person other 
than the Holder of the Global Registered Note. 
As a condition of any exercise of Direct Rights by an Accountholder, such Accountholder shall, as soon as 
practicable, give notice of such exercise to the Noteholders in the manner provided for in the Conditions or the 
Global Registered Note for notices to be given by the Issuer to Noteholders. 
Terms and Conditions applicable to the Notes 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Individual Note Certificate will be endorsed on that Individual Note 
Certificate and will consist of the terms and conditions set out under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” below 
and the provisions of the relevant Final Terms which complete those terms and conditions. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Global Registered Note will differ from those terms and conditions 
which would apply to the Note were it in definitive form to the extent described under “Summary of Provisions 
Relating to the Notes while in Global Form” below. 
Summary of Provisions relating to the Notes while in Global Form 
Clearing System Accountholders 
In relation to any Tranche of Notes represented by a Global Note, references in the Conditions of the Notes to 
“Noteholder” are references to the bearer of the relevant Global Note which, for so long as the Global Note is 
held by a depositary or a common depositary, in the case of a CGN, or a common safekeeper, in the case of a 
NGN, for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system, will be that 
depositary or common depositary or, as the case may be, common safekeeper. 
In relation to any Tranche of Notes represented by one or more Global Registered Notes, references in the 
Conditions of the Notes to “Noteholder” are references to the person in whose name the relevant Global 
Registered Note is for the time being registered in the Register which, for so long as the Global Registered Note 
is held by or on behalf of a depositary or a common depositary or a common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system, will be that depositary or common 
depositary or common safekeeper or a nominee for that depositary or common depositary or common safekeeper.  
Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant 
clearing system as being entitled to an interest in a Global Note or a Global Registered Note (each an 
“Accountholder“) must look solely to Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or such other relevant clearing 
system (as the case may be) for such Accountholder’s share of each payment made by the Issuer to the holder of 
such Global Note or Global Registered Note and in relation to all other rights arising under such Global Note or 
Global Registered Note. The extent to which, and the manner in which, Accountholders may exercise any rights 
arising under a Global Note or Global Registered Note will be determined by the respective rules and procedures 
of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and any other relevant clearing system from time to time. For so long 
as the relevant Notes are represented by a Global Note or Global Registered Note, Accountholders shall have no

--- Page 47 ---
47 
claim directly against the Issuer in respect of payments due under the Notes and such obligations of the Issuer 
will be discharged by payment to the holder of such Global Note or Global Registered Note. 
Conditions applicable to Global Notes and Global Registered Notes 
Each Global Note and Global Registered Note will contain provisions which modify the Conditions of the Notes 
as they apply to the Global Note or Global Registered Note. The following is a summary of certain of those 
provisions: 
Payments: All payments in respect of the Global Note or Global Registered Note which, according to the 
Conditions of the Notes, require presentation and/or surrender of a Note, Note Certificate or Coupon will be made 
against presentation and (in the case of payment of principal in full with all interest accrued thereon) surrender 
of the Global Note or Global Registered Note to or to the order of any Paying Agent and will be effective to 
satisfy and discharge the corresponding liabilities of the Issuer in respect of the Notes. On each occasion on which 
a payment of principal or interest is made in respect of (i) the Global Note, the Issuer shall procure that in respect 
of a CGN the payment is noted in a schedule thereto and in respect of an NGN the payment is entered pro rata in 
the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, and (ii) the Global Registered Note, the Issuer shall 
procure that if such Note is held under the NSS, the payment is entered into pro rata in the records of Euroclear 
and Clearstream Luxembourg. 
Payment Business Day: in the case of a Global Note or a Global Registered Note, shall be: if the currency of 
payment is euro, any day which is a TARGET Settlement Day and a day on which dealings in foreign currencies 
may be carried on in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre; or, if the currency of payment is not euro, any 
day which is a day on which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in the Principal Financial Centre 
of the currency of payment and in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre. 
Payment Record Date: Each payment in respect of a Global Registered Note will be made to the person shown 
as the Holder in the Register at the close of business (in the relevant clearing system) on the Clearing System 
Business Day before the due date for such payment (the “Record Date”) where “Clearing System Business 
Day” means a day on which each clearing system for which the Global Registered Note is being held is open for 
business. 
Exercise of put option: In order to exercise the option contained in Condition 8(g) (Redemption and Purchase - 
Redemption at the option of Noteholders (Investor Put)) the bearer of a Permanent Global Note or the holder of 
a Global Registered Note must, within the period specified in the Conditions for the deposit of the relevant Note 
and put notice, give written notice of such exercise to the Fiscal Agent specifying the principal amount of Notes 
in respect of which such option is being exercised. Any such notice will be irrevocable and may not be withdrawn. 
Partial exercise of call option: In connection with an exercise of the option contained in Condition 8(c) 
(Redemption and Purchase - Redemption at the option of the Issuer) in relation to some only of the Notes, the 
Permanent Global Note or Global Registered Note may be redeemed in part in the principal amount specified by 
the Issuer in accordance with the Conditions and the Notes to be redeemed will not be selected as provided in the 
Conditions but in accordance with the rules and procedures of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (to be 
reflected in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a reduction in 
principal amount, at their discretion). 
Notices: notwithstanding Condition 18 (Notices), while all the notes are represented by a Permanent Global Note 
(or by a Permanent Global Note and/or a Temporary Global Note) or a Global Registered Note and the Permanent 
Global Note is (or the Permanent Global Note and/or the Temporary Global Note are), or the Global Registered 
Note is deposited with a depositary or a common depositary for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
and/or any other relevant clearing system or a common safekeeper, notices to Noteholders may be given by 
delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing

--- Page 48 ---
48 
system and, in any case, such notices shall be deemed to have been given to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 18 (Notices) on the date of delivery to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other 
relevant clearing system.

--- Page 49 ---
49 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions which, as completed by the relevant Final Terms, will be 
endorsed on each Note in definitive form issued under the Programme. 
The relevant Final Terms shall not amend or replace any information in this Base Prospectus. Subject to this, to 
the extent permitted by applicable law and/or regulation, the Final Terms in respect of any Tranche of Notes may 
complete information set out in the terms and conditions. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Note in global form will differ from those terms and conditions which 
would apply to the Note were it in definitive form to the extent described under “Summary of Provisions Relating 
to the Notes while in Global Form” above. 
1 
Introduction 
(a) 
Programme: Cellnex Finance Company, S.A.U. (the “Issuer”) has established a Guaranteed Euro Medium 
Term Note Programme (the “Programme”) for the issuance of up to €10,000,000,000 in aggregate 
principal amount of notes (the “Notes”) with the benefit of a guarantee from Cellnex Telecom, S.A. (the 
“Guarantor”) . The maximum aggregate principal amount of Notes which may be outstanding at any one 
time under the Programme may be increased from time to time, subject to compliance with the relevant 
provisions of the Dealer Agreement. 
(b) 
Final Terms: Notes issued under the Programme are issued in series (each a “Series”) and each Series 
may comprise one or more tranches (each a “Tranche”) of Notes. Each Tranche is the subject of a final 
terms (the “Final Terms”) which completes these terms and conditions (the “Conditions”). The terms 
and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes are these Conditions as completed by the 
relevant Final Terms. 
(c) 
Agency Agreement: The Notes are the subject of an issue and paying agency agreement dated 3 December 
2020 (the “Agency Agreement”) between the Issuer, the Guarantor, The Bank of New York Mellon, 
London Branch as fiscal agent (the “Fiscal Agent”, which expression includes any successor fiscal agent 
appointed from time to time in connection with the Notes), The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, 
Luxembourg Branch as registrar (the “Registrar”, which expression includes any successor registrar 
appointed from time to time in connection with the Notes), the paying agents named therein (together with 
the Fiscal Agent, the “Paying Agents”, which expression includes any successor or additional paying 
agents appointed from time to time in connection with the Notes) and the transfer agents named therein 
(together with the Registrar, the “Transfer Agents”, which expression includes any successor or 
additional transfer agents appointed from time to time in connection with the Notes). In these Conditions 
references to the “Agents” are to the Paying Agents and the Transfer Agents and any reference to an 
“Agent” is to any one of them. 
(d) 
Deed of Covenant: The Notes have the benefit of a deed of covenant dated 3 December 2020 executed 
and delivered by the Issuer in relation to the Notes (the “Deed of Covenant”). Registered Notes are 
constituted by such Deed of Covenant. 
(e) 
Deed of Guarantee: The Notes have the benefit of a deed of guarantee dated 3 December 2020 executed 
and delivered by the Guarantor in relation to the Notes (the “Deed of Guarantee”). 
(f) 
The Notes: The Notes may be issued in bearer form (“Bearer Notes”), or in registered form (“Registered 
Notes”). All subsequent references in these Conditions to “Notes” are to the Notes which are the subject 
of the relevant Final Terms. Copies of the relevant Final Terms are available for viewing at the registered 
office of the Issuer.

--- Page 50 ---
50 
(g) 
Public Deed of Issuance: If so required by Spanish law, the Issuer will execute a public deed (escritura 
pública) (the “Public Deed of Issuance”) before a Spanish Notary Public in relation to the Notes on or 
prior to the Issue Date of the Notes. The Public Deed of Issuance will contain, among other information, 
the terms and conditions of the Notes. 
(h) 
Summaries: Certain provisions of these Conditions are summaries of the Agency Agreement, the Deed of 
Covenant and the Deed of Guarantee and are subject to their detailed provisions. Noteholders (as defined 
below) and the holders of the related interest coupons, if any, (the “Couponholders” and the “Coupons”, 
respectively) are bound by, and are deemed to have notice of, all the provisions of the Agency Agreement, 
the Deed of Covenant and the Deed of Guarantee applicable to them. Copies of the Agency Agreement, 
the Deed of Covenant and the Deed of Guarantee are available for inspection by Noteholders during 
normal business hours at the Specified Offices of each of the Agents, the initial Specified Offices of which 
are set out below, or by electronic means at the discretion of the Agents. 
2 
Interpretation 
(a) 
Definitions: In these Conditions the following expressions have the following meanings: 
“Additional Business Centre(s)” means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Additional Financial Centre(s)” means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Business Day” means: 
(a) 
in relation to any sum payable in euro, a TARGET Settlement Day and a day on which commercial 
banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments generally in each (if any) Additional Business 
Centre; and 
(b) 
in relation to any sum payable in a currency other than euro, a day on which commercial banks and 
foreign exchange markets settle payments generally in London, in the Principal Financial Centre 
of the relevant currency and in each (if any) Additional Business Centre; 
“Business Day Convention”, in relation to any particular date, has the meaning given in the relevant Final 
Terms and, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, may have different meanings in relation to different 
dates and, in this context, the following expressions shall have the following meanings: 
(a) 
“Following Business Day Convention” means that the relevant date shall be postponed to the first 
following day that is a Business Day; 
(b) 
“Modified Following Business Day Convention” or “Modified Business Day Convention” 
means that the relevant date shall be postponed to the first following day that is a Business Day 
unless that day falls in the next calendar month in which case that date will be the first preceding 
day that is a Business Day; 
(c) 
“Preceding Business Day Convention” means that the relevant date shall be brought forward to 
the first preceding day that is a Business Day; 
(d) 
“FRN Convention”, “Floating Rate Convention” or “Eurodollar Convention” means that each 
relevant date shall be the date which numerically corresponds to the preceding such date in the 
calendar month which is the number of months specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
Specified Period after the calendar month in which the preceding such date occurred provided, 
however, that:

--- Page 51 ---
51 
(i) 
if there is no such numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which any such 
date should occur, then such date will be the last day which is a Business Day in that 
calendar month; 
(ii) 
if any such date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then such date 
will be the first following day which is a Business Day unless that day falls in the next 
calendar month, in which case it will be the first preceding day which is a Business Day; 
and 
(iii) 
if the preceding such date occurred on the last day in a calendar month which was a Business 
Day, then all subsequent such dates will be the last day which is a Business Day in the 
calendar month which is the specified number of months after the calendar month in which 
the preceding such date occurred; and 
(e) 
“No Adjustment” means that the relevant date shall not be adjusted in accordance with any 
Business Day Convention; 
“Calculation Agent” means the Fiscal Agent or such other Person specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as the party responsible for calculating the Rate(s) of Interest and Interest Amount(s); 
“Calculation Amount” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Coupon Sheet” means, in respect of a Note, a coupon sheet relating to the Note; 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount for any period of time (the 
“Calculation Period”), such day count fraction as may be specified in these Conditions or the relevant 
Final Terms and: 
(a) 
if “Actual/Actual (ICMA)” is so specified, means: 
(i) 
where the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Regular Period during which it 
falls, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the product of (1) the 
actual number of days in such Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods in any 
year; and 
(ii) 
where the Calculation Period is longer than one Regular Period, the sum of: 
(A) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Regular Period in 
which it begins divided by the product of (1) the actual number of days in such 
Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods in any year; and 
(B) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next Regular 
Period divided by the product of (a) the actual number of days in such Regular Period 
and (2) the number of Regular Periods in any year; 
(b) 
if “Actual/Actual (ISDA)” is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of the Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the sum of 
(A) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a leap year divided 
by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-
leap year divided by 365); 
(c) 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 365;

--- Page 52 ---
52 
(d) 
if “Actual/360” is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided 
by 360; 
(e) 
if “30/360” is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated 
on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
360
)
(
)]
(
30
[
)]
(
360
[
1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
M
M
x
Y
Y
x





 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such number 
would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which case 
D2 will be 30”; 
(f) 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
360
)
(
)]
(
30
[
)]
(
360
[
1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
M
M
x
Y
Y
x





 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such number 
would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; and 
(g) 
if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, 
calculated on a formula basis as follows:

--- Page 53 ---
53 
Day Count Fraction = 
360
)
(
)]
(
30
[
)]
(
360
[
1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
M
M
x
Y
Y
x





 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day 
is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Maturity Date or 
(ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30, 
provided, however, that in each such case the number of days in the Calculation Period is calculated 
from and including the first day of the Calculation Period to but excluding the last day of the 
Calculation Period; 
“Early Redemption Amount (Tax)” means, in respect of any Note, (i) its principal amount or (ii) such 
percentage of its principal amount (expressed as an amount per Calculation Amount) as may be specified 
in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Early Termination Amount” means, in respect of any Note, (i) its principal amount or (ii) such 
percentage of its principal amount (expressed as an amount per Calculation Amount) as may be specified 
under “Redemption Amount” in the relevant Final Terms, or as determined in accordance with these 
Conditions; 
“Extraordinary Resolution” has the meaning given in the Agency Agreement; 
“Final Redemption Amount” means, in respect of any Note (i) its principal amount or (ii) such 
percentage of its principal amount (expressed as an amount per Calculation Amount) as may be specified 
in the relevant Final Terms; 
“First Interest Payment Date” means the date specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Fixed Coupon Amount” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Group” means the Guarantor and its Subsidiaries; 
“guarantee” means, in relation to any Indebtedness of any Person, any obligation of another Person to 
pay such Indebtedness including (without limitation): 
(a) 
any obligation to purchase such Indebtedness; 
(b) 
any obligation to lend money, to purchase or subscribe shares or other securities or to purchase 
assets or services in order to provide funds for the payment of such Indebtedness; 
(c) 
any indemnity against the consequences of a default in the payment of such Indebtedness; and

--- Page 54 ---
54 
(d) 
any other agreement to be responsible for such Indebtedness; 
“Holder”, in the case of Bearer Notes, has the meaning given in Condition 3(b) (Form, Denomination, 
Title and Transfer - Title to Bearer Notes) and, in the case of Registered Notes, has the meaning given in 
Condition 3(d) (Form, Denomination, Title and Transfer - Title to Registered Notes) or when appropriate 
it has the meaning of beneficial owner of the Notes; 
“Indebtedness” means any indebtedness of any Person for money borrowed or raised; 
“Interest Amount” means, in relation to a Note and an Interest Period, the amount of interest payable in 
respect of that Note for that Interest Period; 
“Interest Commencement Date” means the Issue Date of the Notes or such other date as may be specified 
as the Interest Commencement Date in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Interest Determination Date” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Interest Payment Date” means the First Interest Payment Date and any other date or dates specified as 
such in the relevant Final Terms and, if a Business Day Convention is specified in the relevant Final Terms: 
(a) 
as the same may be adjusted in accordance with the relevant Business Day Convention; or 
(b) 
if the Business Day Convention is the FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar 
Convention and an interval of a number of calendar months is specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as being the Specified Period, each of such dates as may occur in accordance with the FRN 
Convention, Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar Convention at such Specified Period of 
calendar months following the Interest Commencement Date (in the case of the first Interest 
Payment Date) or the previous Interest Payment Date (in any other case); 
“Interest Period” means each period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement Date or 
any Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next Interest Payment Date; 
“ISDA Benchmarks Supplement” means the Benchmarks Supplement published by the International 
Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc (as amended and updated as at the date of issue of the first Tranche 
of the Notes of the relevant Series (as specified in the relevant Final Terms)); 
“ISDA Definitions” means the 2006 ISDA Definitions as published by the International Swaps and 
Derivatives Association, Inc. (as supplemented, amended and updated as at the date of issue of the first 
Tranche of the Notes of the relevant Series (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) including by the 
ISDA Benchmarks Supplement (as specified in the relevant Final Terms)); 
“Issue Date” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Margin” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Material Subsidiary” means, at any relevant time, a Subsidiary of the Guarantor whose total assets or 
gross revenues (or, where the Subsidiary in question is obliged by applicable law to prepare consolidated 
accounts, whose total consolidated assets or gross consolidated revenues) at any relevant time represent 
no less than 15% of the total consolidated assets or gross consolidated revenues, respectively, of the Group, 
as calculated by reference to the then latest consolidated audited annual accounts or consolidated semi-
annual reports of the Guarantor and the latest annual accounts or semi-annual reports of each relevant 
Subsidiary (consolidated or, as the case may be, unconsolidated), provided that in the case of a Subsidiary 
acquired after the end of the financial period to which the then latest consolidated audited annual accounts 
or consolidated semi-annual reports of the Guarantor relate, for the purpose of applying each of the 
foregoing tests, the reference to the Guarantor’s latest consolidated audited annual accounts or

--- Page 55 ---
55 
consolidated semi-annual reports shall be deemed to be a reference to such accounts or reports as if such 
Subsidiary had been shown therein by reference to its then latest relevant financial statements, adjusted 
as deemed appropriate by the auditors of the Guarantor for the time being after consultations with the 
Guarantor); 
“Maturity Date” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Maximum Redemption Amount” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Minimum Redemption Amount” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Noteholder”, in the case of Bearer Notes, has the meaning given in Condition 3(b) (Form, Denomination, 
Title and Transfer - Title to Bearer Notes) and, in the case of Registered Notes, has the meaning given in 
Condition 3(d) (Form, Denomination, Title and Transfer - Title to Registered Notes); 
“Optional Redemption Amount (Call)” means, in respect of any Note, (i) its principal amount (ii) such 
percentage of its principal amount (expressed as an amount per Calculation Amount) or (iii) the Make-
whole Amount, as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Optional Redemption Amount (Put)” means, in respect of any Note, (i) its principal amount or (ii) 
such percentage of its principal amount (expressed as an amount per Calculation Amount) as may be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Optional Redemption Date (Call)” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Optional Redemption Date (Put)” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Participating Member State” means a Member State of the European Communities which adopts the 
euro as its lawful currency in accordance with the Treaty; 
“Payment Business Day” means: 
(a) 
if the currency of payment is euro, any day which is: 
(i) 
a day on which banks in the relevant place of presentation are open for presentation and 
payment of bearer debt securities and for dealings in foreign currencies; and 
(ii) 
in the case of payment by transfer to an account, a TARGET Settlement Day and a day on 
which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in each (if any) Additional Financial 
Centre; or 
(b) 
if the currency of payment is not euro, any day which is: 
(i) 
a day on which banks in the relevant place of presentation are open for presentation and 
payment of bearer debt securities and for dealings in foreign currencies; and 
(ii) 
in the case of payment by transfer to an account, a day on which dealings in foreign 
currencies may be carried on in the Principal Financial Centre of the currency of payment 
and in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre; 
“Permitted Security Interest” means 
(a) 
any Security Interest in existence on the Issue Date to the extent that it secures Relevant 
Indebtedness outstanding on such date; and

--- Page 56 ---
56 
(b) 
any Security Interest arising by operation of law or in the ordinary course of business of the Issuer, 
the Guarantor or a Material Subsidiaries which does not materially impair the operation of the 
relevant business; 
(c) 
any Security Interest to secure Project Finance Debt; 
(d) 
any Security Interest created in respect of Relevant Indebtedness of an entity that has merged with, 
or has been acquired (whether in whole or in part) by the Issuer, the Guarantor or any of its 
Subsidiaries, provided that such Security Interest: 
(i) 
was in existence at the time of such merger or acquisition; 
(ii) 
was not created for the purpose of providing security in respect of the financing of such 
merger or acquisition; and 
(iii) 
is not increased in amount or otherwise extended following such merger or acquisition other 
than pursuant to a legal or contractual obligation (x) which was assumed (by operation of 
law, agreement or otherwise) prior to such merger or acquisition by an entity which, at such 
time, was not a member of the Group, and (y) which remains legally binding on such entity 
at the time of such merger or acquisition; and 
(e) 
any Security Interest that does not fall within paragraphs (a), (b), (c) or (d) above and that secures 
Indebtedness which, when aggregated with Indebtedness secured by all other Security Interests 
permitted under this paragraph, does not exceed €100,000,000 (or its equivalent in other 
currencies); 
“Person” means any individual, company, corporation, firm, partnership, joint venture, association, 
organisation, state or agency of a state or other entity, whether or not having separate legal personality; 
“Principal Financial Centre” means, in relation to any currency, the principal financial centre for that 
currency provided, however, that in relation to euro, it means the principal financial centre of such Member 
State of the European Communities as is selected (in the case of a payment) by the payee or (in the case 
of a calculation) by the Calculation Agent; 
“Project Finance Assets” means the assets (including, for the avoidance of doubt, shares (or other 
interests) of a Project Finance Entity; 
“Project Finance Entity” means any entity in which the Issuer, the Guarantor or any of its Subsidiaries 
holds an interest (a) whose only assets and business are constituted by: (i) the ownership, creation, 
development, construction, improvement, exploitation or operation of one or more of such entity’s assets, 
or (ii) shares (or other interests) in the capital of other entities that satisfy limb (i) of this definition, and 
(b) all of whose Indebtedness is comprised of Project Finance Debt; 
“Project Finance Debt” means any Indebtedness incurred by: 
(a) 
a Project Finance Entity in respect of the activities of such entity or another Project Finance Entity 
in which it holds shares (or other interests) (including any derivative transaction entered into in 
connection with protection against or benefit from fluctuation in any rate or price (and, when 
calculating the value of any derivative transaction only the marked to market value shall be taken 
into account to the extent such amount has become due but unpaid) provided, however, that, such 
derivative transaction does not include an actual or contingent payment or delivery obligation by 
any Person other than such Project Finance Entity); or 
(b) 
any Subsidiary formed exclusively for the purpose of financing a Project Finance Entity;

--- Page 57 ---
57 
where, in each case, the holders of such Indebtedness have no recourse against any member of the Group 
(or their respective assets), except for recourse to (y) the Project Finance Assets of such Project Finance 
Entities; and (z) in the case of (b) above only, the Subsidiary incurring such Indebtedness; 
“Put Option Notice” means a notice which must be delivered to a Paying Agent by any Noteholder 
wanting to exercise a right to redeem a Note at the option of the Noteholder; 
“Put Option Receipt” means a receipt issued by a Paying Agent to a depositing Noteholder upon deposit 
of a Note with such Paying Agent by any Noteholder wanting to exercise a right to redeem a Note at the 
option of the Noteholder; 
“Rate of Interest” means the rate or rates (expressed as a percentage per annum) of interest payable in 
respect of the Notes specified in the relevant Final Terms or calculated or determined in accordance with 
the provisions of these Conditions; 
“Redemption Amount” means, as appropriate, the Final Redemption Amount, the Early Redemption 
Amount (Tax), the Optional Redemption Amount (Call), the Optional Redemption Amount (Put), the 
Early Termination Amount or such other amount in the nature of a redemption amount as may be specified 
in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Reference Banks” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or, if none, 4 major banks selected 
by the Issuer in the market that is most closely connected with the Reference Rate; 
“Reference Rate” means EURIBOR, LIBOR or SONIA as specified in the relevant Final Terms in respect 
of the currency and period specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Regular Period” means: 
(a) 
in the case of Notes where interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, each 
period from and including the Interest Commencement Date to but excluding the first Interest 
Payment Date and each successive period from and including one Interest Payment Date to but 
excluding the next Interest Payment Date; 
(b) 
in the case of Notes where, apart from the first Interest Period, interest is scheduled to be paid only 
by means of regular payments, each period from and including a Regular Date falling in any year 
to but excluding the next Regular Date, where “Regular Date” means the day and month (but not 
the year) on which any Interest Payment Date falls; and 
(c) 
in the case of Notes where, apart from one Interest Period other than the first Interest Period, 
interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, each period from and including 
a Regular Date falling in any year to but excluding the next Regular Date, where “Regular Date” 
means the day and month (but not the year) on which any Interest Payment Date falls other than 
the Interest Payment Date falling at the end of the irregular Interest Period. 
“Relevant Date” means, in relation to any payment, whichever is the later of (a) the date on which the 
payment in question first becomes due and (b) if the full amount payable has not been received in the 
Principal Financial Centre of the currency of payment by the Fiscal Agent on or prior to such due date, 
the date on which (the full amount having been so received) notice to that effect has been given to the 
Noteholders; 
“Relevant Financial Centre” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Relevant Indebtedness” means any Indebtedness which is in the form of or represented by any bond, 
note, debenture, debenture stock, loan stock, certificate or other instrument which is, or is capable of

--- Page 58 ---
58 
being, listed, quoted or traded on any listing authority, stock exchange or quotation system in respect of 
negotiable securities (including, without limitation, any over-the-counter securities market); 
“Relevant Screen Page” means the page, section or other part of a particular information service 
(including, without limitation, Reuters) specified as the Relevant Screen Page in the relevant Final Terms, 
or such other page, section or other part as may replace it on that information service or such other 
information service, in each case, as may be nominated by the Person providing or sponsoring the 
information appearing there for the purpose of displaying rates or prices comparable to the Reference 
Rate; 
“Relevant Time” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Reserved Matter” means any proposal to change any date fixed for payment of principal or interest in 
respect of the Notes, to reduce the amount of principal or interest payable on any date in respect of the 
Notes, to alter the method of calculating the amount of any payment in respect of the Notes or the date for 
any such payment, to effect the exchange or substitution of the Notes for, or the conversion of the Notes 
into, shares, bonds or other obligations or securities of the Issuer, the Guarantor or any other person or 
body corporate formed or to be formed, to change the currency of any payment under the Notes, to modify 
or cancel the Guarantee, or to change the quorum requirements relating to meetings or the majority 
required to pass an Extraordinary Resolution; 
“Security Interest” means any mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other security interest including, without 
limitation, anything analogous to any of the foregoing under the laws of any jurisdiction; 
“Specified Currency” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Specified Denomination(s)” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Specified Office” has the meaning given in the Agency Agreement; 
“Specified Period” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Subsidiary” means, in relation to any Person (the “first Person”) at any particular time, any other Person 
(the “second Person”): 
(a) 
50% or more of the Voting Rights of which is at the relevant time directly or indirectly owned or 
controlled by the first Person; or 
(b) 
whose affairs and policies at such time the first Person controls or has the power to control, whether 
by ownership of Voting Rights, share capital, contract, the power to appoint and remove members 
of the board of directors or others governing body or otherwise; or 
(c) 
whose financial statements are at such time, in accordance with applicable law and generally 
accepted accounting principles, consolidated with the first Person’s financial statements; 
“Talon” means a talon for further Coupons; 
“TARGET2” means the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express Transfer 
payment system which utilises a single shared platform and which was launched on 19 November 2007; 
“TARGET Settlement Day” means any day on which TARGET2 is open for the settlement of payments 
in euro; 
“Treaty” means the Treaty establishing the European Communities, as amended; and

--- Page 59 ---
59 
“Voting Rights” means the right generally to vote at a general meeting of shareholders of the relevant 
entity (irrespective of whether or not, at the time, stock of any other class or classes shall have, or might 
have, voting power by reason of the happening of any contingency) or to elect the majority of the members 
of the board of directors or other governing body of the relevant entity. 
(b) 
Interpretation: In these Conditions: 
(i) 
if Talons are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being attached to the Notes at the time of 
issue, references to Coupons shall be deemed to include references to Talons; 
(ii) 
if Talons are not specified in the relevant Final Terms as being attached to the Notes at the time of 
issue, references to Talons are not applicable; 
(iii) 
any reference to principal shall be deemed to include the Redemption Amount, any additional 
amounts in respect of principal which may be payable under Condition 11 (Taxation), any premium 
payable in respect of a Note and any other amount in the nature of principal payable pursuant to 
these Conditions; 
(iv) 
any reference to interest shall be deemed to include any additional amounts in respect of interest 
which may be payable under Condition 11 (Taxation) and any other amount in the nature of interest 
payable pursuant to these Conditions; 
(v) 
references to Notes being “outstanding” shall be construed in accordance with the Agency 
Agreement; 
(vi) 
if an expression is stated in Condition 2(a) (Interpretation - Definitions) to have the meaning given 
in the relevant Final Terms, but the relevant Final Terms gives no such meaning or specifies that 
such expression is “not applicable” then such expression is not applicable to the Notes; and 
(vii) 
any reference to the Agency Agreement shall be construed as a reference to the Agency Agreement 
as amended and/or supplemented up to and including the Issue Date of the Notes. 
3 
Form, Denomination, Title and Transfer 
(a) 
Bearer Notes: Bearer Notes are in the Specified Denomination with Coupons and, if specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, Talons attached at the time of issue. 
(b) 
Title to Bearer Notes: Title to Bearer Notes and the Coupons will pass by delivery. In the case of Bearer 
Notes, “Holder” means the holder of such Bearer Note and “Noteholder” and “Couponholder” shall be 
construed accordingly. 
(c) 
Registered Notes: Registered Notes are in the Specified Denomination. 
(d) 
Title to Registered Notes: Title to the Registered Notes shall pass by registration in the register (the 
“Register”) that the Registrar will maintain in accordance with the provisions of the Agency Agreement. 
A certificate (each, a “Note Certificate”) will be issued to each Holder of Registered Notes in respect of 
its registered holding. Each Note Certificate will be numbered serially with an identifying number which 
will be recorded in the Register. In the case of Registered Notes, “Holder” means the person in whose 
name such Registered Note is for the time being registered in the Register (or, in the case of a joint holding, 
the first named thereof) and “Noteholder” shall be construed accordingly. 
(e) 
Ownership: The Holder of any Note or Coupon shall (except as otherwise required by law) be treated as 
its absolute owner for all purposes (whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any notice of ownership, 
trust or any other interest therein, any writing thereon or, in the case of Registered Notes, on the Note

--- Page 60 ---
60 
Certificate relating thereto (other than the endorsed form of transfer) or any notice of any previous loss or 
theft thereof) and no Person shall be liable for so treating such Holder. No person shall have any right to 
enforce any term or condition of any Note under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999. 
(f) 
Transfers of Registered Notes: Subject to paragraphs (i) (Closed periods) and (j) (Regulations concerning 
transfers and registration) below, a Registered Note may be transferred upon surrender of the relevant 
Note Certificate, with the endorsed form of transfer duly completed, at the Specified Office of the 
Registrar or any Transfer Agent, together with such evidence as the Registrar or (as the case may be) such 
Transfer Agent may reasonably require to prove the title of the transferor and the authority of the 
individuals who have executed the form of transfer; provided, however, that a Registered Note may not 
be transferred unless the principal amount of Registered Notes transferred and (where not all of the 
Registered Notes held by a Holder are being transferred) the principal amount of the balance of Registered 
Notes not transferred are in the Specified Denomination. Where not all the Registered Notes represented 
by the surrendered Note Certificate are the subject of the transfer, a new Note Certificate in respect of the 
balance of the Registered Notes will be issued to the transferor. In case of a transfer of Registered Notes 
to a person who is already a Holder of Registered Notes, a new Note Certificate representing the enlarged 
holding shall only be issued upon surrender to the Transfer Agent of the Note Certificate representing the 
existing holding. 
(g) 
Registration and delivery of Note Certificates: Within 5 business days of the surrender of a Note 
Certificate in accordance with paragraph (f) (Transfers of Registered Notes) above, the Registrar will 
register the transfer in question and deliver a new Note Certificate of a like principal amount to the 
Registered Notes transferred to each relevant Holder at its Specified Office or (as the case may be) the 
Specified Office of any Transfer Agent or (at the request and risk of any such relevant Holder) by 
uninsured first class mail (airmail if overseas) to the address specified for the purpose by such relevant 
Holder. In this paragraph, “business day” means a day other than Saturday or Sunday on which 
commercial banks are open for general business (including dealings in foreign currencies) in the city 
where the Registrar or (as the case may be) the relevant Transfer Agent has its Specified Office. 
(h) 
No charge: The transfer of a Registered Note will be effected without charge by or on behalf of the Issuer 
or the Registrar or any Transfer Agent but against such indemnity as the Registrar or (as the case may be) 
such Transfer Agent may require in respect of any tax or other duty of whatsoever nature which may be 
levied or imposed in connection with such transfer. 
(i) 
Closed periods: Noteholders may not require transfers to be registered during the period of 15 days ending 
on the due date for any payment of principal or interest in respect of the Registered Notes. 
(j) 
Regulations concerning transfers and registration: All transfers of Registered Notes and entries on the 
Register are subject to the detailed regulations concerning the transfer of Registered Notes scheduled to 
the Agency Agreement. The regulations may be changed by the Issuer with the prior written approval of 
the Registrar. A copy of the current regulations will be mailed (free of charge) by the Registrar to any 
Noteholder who requests in writing a copy of such regulations. 
4 
Status and Guarantee 
(a) 
Status of Notes: The Notes constitute direct, general, unconditional and (subject to Condition 5 
(Negative Pledge)) unsecured obligations of the Issuer and in the event of insolvency (concurso) of 
the Issuer (unless they qualify as subordinated debts under Article 281 of Real Decreto Legislativo 
1/2020, de 5 de mayo, por el que se aprueba el texto refundido de la Ley Concursal (the “Spanish 
Insolvency Law”) or equivalent legal provision which replaces it in the future and subject to any 
legal and statutory exceptions) will rank pari passu without any preference among themselves and

--- Page 61 ---
61 
with all other outstanding unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer, present and 
future. 
In the event of insolvency (concurso) of the Issuer, under the Spanish Insolvency Law, claims 
relating to the Notes (which are not subordinated pursuant to Article 281 of the Spanish Insolvency 
Law) will be ordinary credits (créditos ordinarios) as defined in the Spanish Insolvency Law. 
Ordinary credits rank below credits against the insolvency state (créditos contra la masa) and 
credits with a privilege (créditos privilegiados). Ordinary credits rank above subordinated credits 
and the rights of shareholders. 
Accrued and unpaid interest due in respect of the Notes at the commencement of an insolvency 
proceeding (concurso) of the Issuer will qualify as subordinated credits. Accrual of interest on the 
Notes shall be suspended as from the date of any declaration of insolvency (concurso) in relation 
to the Issuer. 
(b) 
Guarantee: The Guarantor has unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed the due payment of all 
sums expressed to be payable by the Issuer under the Notes and Coupons on an unsubordinated 
basis. The obligations of the Guarantor in respect of Notes constitute direct, general, unconditional 
and (subject to Condition 5 (Negative Pledge)) unsecured obligations of the Guarantor and in the 
event of insolvency (concurso) of the Guarantor (unless they qualify as subordinated under Article 
281 of the Spanish Insolvency Law or equivalent legal provision which replaces it in the future and 
subject to any legal and statutory exceptions) will rank pari passu with all other unsecured and 
unsubordinated obligations of the Guarantor, present and future. Its obligations in that respect (the 
“Guarantee”) are contained in the Deed of Guarantee. 
5 
Negative Pledge 
So long as any Note remains outstanding, neither the Issuer nor the Guarantor shall, and the Guarantor 
shall procure that none of its Subsidiaries will, create or permit to subsist any Security Interest (other than 
a Permitted Security Interest) upon the whole or any part of its present or future undertaking, assets or 
revenues (including uncalled capital) to secure any Relevant Indebtedness or guarantee of Relevant 
Indebtedness without (a) at the same time or prior thereto securing the Notes equally and rateably 
therewith or (b) providing such other security for the Notes as may be approved by an Extraordinary 
Resolution of Noteholders. 
6 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
(a) 
Application: This Condition 6 is applicable to the Notes only if the Fixed Rate Note Provisions are 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(b) 
Accrual of interest: The Notes bear interest from the Interest Commencement Date at the Rate of 
Interest payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date, subject as provided in Condition 9 
(Payments - Bearer Notes) and Condition 10 (Payments - Registered Notes). Each Note will cease 
to bear interest from the due date for final redemption unless, upon due presentation, payment of 
the Redemption Amount is improperly withheld or refused, in which case it will continue to bear 
interest in accordance with this Condition 6 (as well after as before judgment) until whichever is 
the earlier of (i) the day on which all sums due in respect of such Note up to that day are received 
by or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder, and (ii) the day which is 7 days after the Fiscal Agent

--- Page 62 ---
62 
has notified the Noteholders that it has received all sums due in respect of the Notes up to such 
seventh day (except to the extent that there is any subsequent default in payment). 
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount: The amount of interest payable in respect of each Note for any Interest 
Period shall be the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount and, if the Notes are in more than one Specified 
Denomination, shall be the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount in respect of the relevant Specified 
Denomination. 
(d) 
Calculation of interest amount: The amount of interest payable in respect of each Note for any 
period for which a Fixed Coupon Amount is not specified shall be calculated by applying the Rate 
of Interest to the Calculation Amount, multiplying the product by the relevant Day Count Fraction, 
rounding the resulting figure to the nearest sub-unit of the Specified Currency (half a sub-unit being 
rounded upwards) and multiplying such rounded figure by a fraction equal to the Specified 
Denomination of such Note divided by the Calculation Amount. For this purpose a “sub-unit” 
means, in the case of any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that is 
available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, in the case of euro, means 1 cent. 
7 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
(a) 
Application: This Condition 7 is applicable to the Notes only if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(b) 
Accrual of interest: The Notes bear interest from the Interest Commencement Date at the Rate of Interest 
payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date, subject as provided in Condition 9 (Payments - Bearer 
Notes) and Condition 10 (Payments - Registered Notes). Each Note will cease to bear interest from the 
due date for final redemption unless, upon due presentation, payment of the Redemption Amount is 
improperly withheld or refused, in which case it will continue to bear interest in accordance with this 
Condition (as well after as before judgment) until whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on which all sums 
due in respect of such Note up to that day are received by or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder, and (ii) 
the day which is 7 days after the Fiscal Agent has notified the Noteholders that it has received all sums 
due in respect of the Notes up to such seventh day (except to the extent that there is any subsequent default 
in payment). 
(c) 
Screen Rate Determination – Floating Rate Notes not referencing Compounded Daily SONIA: If Screen 
Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest 
is/are to be determined, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes for each Interest Period will be 
determined by the Calculation Agent on the following basis: 
(i) 
if the Reference Rate is a composite quotation or customarily supplied by one entity, the 
Calculation Agent will determine the Reference Rate which appears on the Relevant Screen Page 
as of the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date; 
(ii) 
if Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the applicable 
Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated by the Calculation 
Agent by straight-line linear interpolation by reference to 2 rates which appear on the Relevant 
Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, where: 
(A) 
one rate shall be determined as if the relevant period were the period of time for which rates 
are available next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest Period; and 
(B) 
the other rate shall be determined as if the relevant period were the period of time for which 
rates are available next longer than the length of the relevant Interest Period;

--- Page 63 ---
63 
provided, however, that if no rate is available for a period of time next shorter or, as the case may 
be, next longer than the length of the relevant Interest Period, then the Financial Adviser (as defined 
below) shall determine such rate at such time and by reference to such sources as it determines 
appropriate; 
(iii) 
in any other case, the Calculation Agent will determine the arithmetic mean of the Reference Rates 
which appear on the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date; 
(iv) 
if, in the case of (i) above, such rate does not appear on that page or, in the case of (iii) above, fewer 
than 2 such rates appear on that page or if, in either case, the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, 
the Calculation Agent will: 
(A) 
upon the Issuer’s request, to the extent legally and practicably possible, assist the Issuer 
with requesting the principal Relevant Financial Centre office of each of the Reference 
Banks to provide a quotation of the Reference Rate at approximately the Relevant Time on 
the Interest Determination Date to prime banks in the Relevant Financial Centre interbank 
market in an amount that is representative for a single transaction in that market at that time; 
and 
(B) 
determine the arithmetic mean of such quotations; and 
(v) 
if fewer than 2 such quotations are provided as requested, the Calculation Agent will determine the 
arithmetic mean of the rates (being the nearest to the Reference Rate, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent) quoted by major banks in the Principal Financial Centre of the Specified 
Currency, selected by the Issuer, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (local time in the Principal Financial 
Centre of the Specified Currency) on the first day of the relevant Interest Period for loans in the 
Specified Currency to leading European banks for a period equal to the relevant Interest Period 
and in an amount that is representative for a single transaction in that market at that time, 
and the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be the sum of the Margin and the rate or (as the case 
may be) the arithmetic mean so determined; provided, however, that if the Calculation Agent is unable to 
determine a rate or (as the case may be) an arithmetic mean in accordance with the above provisions in 
relation to any Interest Period, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes during such Interest Period will 
be the sum of the Margin and the rate or (as the case may be) the arithmetic mean last determined in 
relation to the Notes in respect of a preceding Interest Period. 
(d) 
Screen Rate Determination – Floating Rate Notes referencing Compounded Daily SONIA: If Screen Rate 
Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are 
to be determined and the Final Terms specify that the Reference Rate is SONIA, the Rate of Interest for 
each Interest Period will be Compounded Daily SONIA plus or minus (as indicated in the relevant Final 
Terms) the Margin, where: 
“Compounded Daily SONIA” means with respect to an Interest Period, the rate of return of a daily 
compound interest investment during the Observation Period corresponding to such Interest Period (with 
the daily Sterling Overnight Index Average (SONIA) as reference rate for the calculation of interest) and 
will be calculated by the Calculation Agent (or such other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate 
of Interest, as specified in the relevant Final Terms) as at the relevant Interest Determination Date, as 
follows, and the resulting percentage will be rounded if necessary to the fourth decimal place, with 
0.00005 being rounded up:

--- Page 64 ---
64 
 
“d” is the number of calendar days in the relevant Observation Period; 
“do” is the number of London Banking Days in the relevant Observation Period; 
“i” is a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the relevant London Banking Day in 
chronological order from, and including, the first London Banking Day in the relevant Observation Period;  
“London Banking Day” or “LBD” means any day on which commercial banks are open for general 
business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in London; 
“ni”, for any London Banking Day “i”, means the number of calendar days from and including such 
London Banking Day “i” up to but excluding the following London Banking Day; 
“Observation Period” means the period from and including the date falling “p” London Banking Days 
prior to the first day of the relevant Interest Period (and the first Interest Period shall begin on and include 
the Interest Commencement Date) and ending on, but excluding, the date falling “p” London Banking 
Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period (or the date falling “p” London Banking 
Days prior to such earlier date, in any, on which the Notes become due and payable); 
“p” means the number of London Banking Days by which an Observation Period precedes an Interest 
Period, as specified in the relevant Final Terms (or, if no such number is specified, five London Banking 
Days), provided that the relevant Final Terms may only specify “p” as a number that is less than three 
London Banking Days with the consent of the Calculation Agent; 
the “SONIA reference rate”, means, in respect of any London Banking Day, a reference rate equal to the 
daily SONIA rate for such London Banking Day as provided by the administrator of SONIA to authorised 
distributors and as then published on the Relevant Screen Page or, if the Relevant Screen Page is 
unavailable, as otherwise published by such authorised distributors (in each case on the London Banking 
Day immediately following such London Banking Day); and 
“SONIAi-” means, in respect of any London Banking Day “i”, the SONIA reference rate for that day. 
Subject to Condition 7(j), if, in respect of any London Business Day in the relevant Observation Period, 
the Calculation Agent (or such other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) determines that the SONIA reference rate is not available on the 
Relevant Screen Page or has not otherwise been published by the relevant authorised distributors, such 
SONIA reference rate shall be:  
(i) 
the Bank of England’s Bank Rate (the “Bank Rate”) prevailing at close of business on the relevant 
London Banking Day; plus (B) the mean of the spread of the SONIA reference rate to the Bank 
Rate over the previous five London Banking Days on which the SONIA reference rate has been 
published, excluding the highest spread (or, if there is more than one highest spread, one only of 
those highest spreads) and lowest spread (or, if there is more than one lowest spread, one only of 
those lowest spreads) to the Bank Rate, or 
(ii) 
if such Bank Rate is not available, the SONIA reference rate published on the Relevant Screen 
Page (or otherwise published by the relevant authorised distributors) for the first preceding London 
Business Day on which the SONIA reference rate was published on the Relevant Screen Page (or 
otherwise published by the relevant authorised distributors).

--- Page 65 ---
65 
If the relevant Series of Notes become due and payable in accordance with Condition 12, the final Interest 
Determination Date shall, notwithstanding any Interest Determination Date specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, be deemed to be the date on which such Notes became due and payable and the Rate of Interest on 
such Notes shall, for so long as any such Note remains outstanding, be that determined on such date and 
as if (solely for the purpose of such interest determination) the relevant Interest Period had been shortened 
accordingly. 
(e) 
ISDA Determination: If ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes for each 
Interest Period will be the sum of the Margin and the relevant ISDA Rate where “ISDA Rate” in relation 
to any Interest Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) that 
would be determined by the Calculation Agent under an interest rate swap transaction if the Calculation 
Agent were acting as Calculation Agent for that interest rate swap transaction under the terms of an 
agreement incorporating the ISDA Definitions and under which: 
(i) 
the Floating Rate Option (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
(ii) 
the Designated Maturity (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is a period specified in the relevant 
Final Terms; 
(iii) 
the relevant Reset Date (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is either (A) if the relevant Floating 
Rate Option is based on the London inter-bank offered rate (LIBOR) for a currency, the first day 
of that Interest Period or (B) in any other case, as specified in the relevant Final Terms; and 
(iv) 
if Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the applicable 
Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated by the Calculation 
Agent by straight-line linear interpolation by reference to 2 rates based on the relevant Floating 
Rate Option, where: 
(A) 
one rate shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of time for which 
rates are available next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest Period; and 
(B) 
the other rate shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of time for 
which rates are available next longer than the length of the relevant Interest Period 
provided, however, that if there is no rate available for a period of time next shorter than the length 
of the relevant Interest Period or, as the case may be, next longer than the length of the relevant 
Interest Period, then the Financial Adviser (as defined below) shall determine such rate at such 
time and by reference to such sources as it determines appropriate. 
(f) 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest: If any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, then the Rate of Interest shall in no event be greater than the 
maximum or be less than the minimum so specified. 
(g) 
Calculation of Interest Amount: The Calculation Agent will, as soon as practicable after the time at which 
the Rate of Interest is to be determined in relation to each Interest Period, calculate the Interest Amount 
payable in respect of each Note for such Interest Period. The Interest Amount will be calculated by 
applying the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period to the Calculation Amount, multiplying the product 
by the relevant Day Count Fraction, rounding the resulting figure to the nearest sub-unit of the Specified 
Currency (half a sub-unit being rounded upwards) and multiplying such rounded figure by a fraction equal 
to the Specified Denomination of the relevant Note divided by the Calculation Amount. For this purpose

--- Page 66 ---
66 
a “sub-unit” means, in the case of any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that 
is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, in the case of euro, means 1 cent. 
(h) 
Publication: The Calculation Agent will cause each Rate of Interest and Interest Amount determined by 
it, together with the relevant Interest Payment Date, and any other amount(s) required to be determined 
by it together with any relevant payment date(s) to be notified to the Paying Agents and each competent 
authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system (if any) by which the Notes have then been admitted to 
listing, trading and/or quotation as soon as practicable after such determination but (in the case of each 
Rate of Interest, Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date) in any event not later than the first day of 
the relevant Interest Period. Notice thereof shall also promptly be given to the Noteholders. The 
Calculation Agent will be entitled to recalculate any Interest Amount (on the basis of the foregoing 
provisions) without notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the relevant Interest Period. If the 
Calculation Amount is less than the minimum Specified Denomination the Calculation Agent shall not be 
obliged to publish each Interest Amount but instead may publish only the Calculation Amount and the 
Interest Amount in respect of a Note having the minimum Specified Denomination. 
(i) 
Notifications etc: All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, quotations and 
decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this Condition by the Calculation Agent 
will (in the absence of manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Paying Agents, the Noteholders and 
the Couponholders and (subject as aforesaid) no liability to any such Person will attach to the Calculation 
Agent in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions for such 
purposes. 
(j) 
Benchmark Discontinuation:  
(i) If a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to the Reference Rate when the Rate of Interest (or any 
component part thereof) for any Interest Period remains to be determined by reference to such 
Reference Rate, then the Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent 
Adviser, as soon as reasonably practicable, to determine a Successor Rate, failing which an 
Alternative Rate (in accordance with Condition 7(j)(ii)) and, in either case, an Adjustment 
Spread, if any (in accordance with Condition 7(j)(iii)) and any Benchmark Amendments (in 
accordance with Condition 7(j)(iv)). 
In making such determination an Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 7(j) 
shall act in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner as an expert. In the absence of 
bad faith or fraud, the Independent Adviser shall have no liability whatsoever to the Issuer, the 
Fiscal Agent, the Agents or the Noteholders for any determination made by it pursuant to this 
Condition 7(j). 
If (i) the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or (ii) the Independent Adviser 
appointed by it fails to determine a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Rate in 
accordance with this Condition 7(j) prior to the date which is 10 business days prior to the 
relevant Interest Determination Date, the Reference Rate applicable to the immediate following 
Interest Period shall be the Reference Rate applicable as at the last preceding Interest 
Determination Date. If there has not been a first Interest Payment Date, the Reference Rate shall 
be the Reference Rate applicable to the first Interest Period. For the avoidance of doubt, any 
adjustment pursuant to this paragraph shall apply to the immediately following Interest Period 
only. Any subsequent Interest Period is subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 7(j). 
(ii) If the Independent Adviser determines in its discretion that:

--- Page 67 ---
67 
(A) there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate and the applicable Adjustment Spread 
shall subsequently be used in place of the Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest 
for the immediately following Interest Period and all following Interest Periods, subject to 
the subsequent operation of this Condition 7(j); or 
(B) there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such Alternative Rate 
and the applicable Adjustment Spread shall subsequently be used in place of the Reference 
Rate to determine the Rate of Interest for the immediately following Interest Period and all 
following Interest Periods, subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 7(j). 
(iii) The Adjustment Spread (or the formula or methodology for determining the Adjustment Spread) 
shall be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be). If the 
Independent Adviser is unable to determine the quantum of, or a formula or methodology for 
determining, such Adjustment Spread, then the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as 
applicable) will apply without an Adjustment Spread. 
(iv) If any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and, in either case, the applicable Adjustment Spread 
is determined in accordance with this Condition 7(j) and the Independent Adviser determines in 
its discretion (i) that amendments to these Conditions are necessary to ensure the proper operation 
of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and/or (in either case) the applicable Adjustment 
Spread (such amendments, the “Benchmark Amendments”), and (ii) the terms of the 
Benchmark Amendments, then the Issuer shall, following consultation with the Fiscal Agent (or 
the person specified in the applicable Final Terms as the party responsible for calculating the 
Rate of Interest and the Interest Amount(s)), subject to giving notice thereof in accordance with 
Condition 7(j)(v), without any requirement for the consent or approval of relevant Noteholders, 
vary these Conditions to give effect to such Benchmark Amendments with effect from the date 
specified in such notice (and for the avoidance of doubt, the Fiscal Agent shall, at the direction 
and expense of the Issuer, consent to and effect such consequential amendments to the Agency 
Agreement and these Conditions as may be required in order to give effect to this Condition 7(j)). 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 7(j), the Calculation Agent or any Paying 
Agent is not obliged to concur with the Issuer or the Independent Adviser in respect of any 
changes or amendments as contemplated under this Condition 7(j) to which, in the sole opinion 
of the Calculation Agent or the relevant Paying Agent, as the case may be, would impose more 
onerous obligations upon it or expose it to any additional duties, responsibilities or liabilities or 
reduce or amend the protective provisions afforded to the Calculation Agent or the relevant 
Paying Agent (as applicable) in the Agency Agreement and/or these Conditions. 
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition 7(j)(iv), the Issuer shall 
comply with the rules of any stock exchange on which the Notes are for the time being listed or 
admitted to trading. 
(v) Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of any 
Benchmark Amendments, determined under this Condition 7(j) will be notified at least 10 
business days prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date by the Issuer to the Fiscal Agent, 
the Calculation Agent and the Other Agents. In accordance with Condition 18, notice shall be 
provided to the Noteholders promptly thereafter. Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall 
specify the effective date of the Benchmark Amendments, if any. 
(vi) No later than notifying the Noteholders of the same, the Issuer shall deliver to the Fiscal Agent a 
certificate signed by two authorised signatories of the Issuer:

--- Page 68 ---
68 
(A) 
confirming (x) that a Benchmark Event has occurred, (y) the relevant Successor Rate, or, 
as the case may be, the relevant Alternative Rate and, (z) where applicable, any 
Adjustment Spread and/or the specific terms of any relevant Benchmark Amendments, in 
each case as determined in accordance with the provisions of this Condition 7(j); and 
(B) 
certifying that the relevant Benchmark Amendments (if any) are necessary to ensure the 
proper operation of such relevant Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and (in either case) the 
applicable Adjustment Spread. 
The Fiscal Agent shall display such certificate at its offices, for inspection by the Noteholders at 
all reasonable times during normal business hours, or by electronic means at the discretion of the 
Fiscal Agent. 
(vii) Each of the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent and the Paying Agents shall be entitled to rely 
on such certificate (without liability to any person) as sufficient evidence thereof. The Successor 
Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread (if any) and the Benchmark Amendments (if 
any) specified in such certificate will (in the absence of manifest error or bad faith in the 
determination of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and such Adjustment Spread (if any) 
and such Benchmark Amendments (if any)) be binding on the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, the 
Calculation Agent, the Other Agents and the Noteholders. The Calculation Agent, the Fiscal 
Agent and the Other Agents may rely on any such certificate without any further enquiry, and 
shall not be obliged to verify whether the same contains a manifest error or whether the Issuer 
has acted in bad faith.  
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 7(j), if following the determination of any 
Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread (if any) or Benchmark Amendments (if 
any), in the Calculation Agent’s opinion there is any uncertainty between two or more alternative 
courses of action in making any determination or calculation under this Condition 7(j), the 
Calculation Agent shall promptly notify the Issuer thereof and the Issuer shall direct the 
Calculation Agent in writing as to which alternative course of action to adopt. If the Calculation 
Agent is not promptly provided with such direction, or is otherwise unable (other than due to its 
own gross negligence, willful default or fraud) to make such calculation or determination for any 
reason, it shall notify the Issuer thereof and the Calculation Agent shall be under no obligation 
to make such calculation or determination and (in the absence of such gross negligence, willful 
default or fraud) shall not incur any liability for not doing so. 
(viii) Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under Condition 7(j)(i), (ii), (iii) and (iv), the 
Reference Rate and the fallback provisions provided for in the definition of the term “Reference 
Rate” in Condition 7(c) will continue to apply unless and until a Benchmark Event has occurred. 
(ix) As used in this Condition 7(j): 
“Adjustment Spread” means either (a) a spread (which may be positive negative, or zero), or (b) 
a formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in each case to be applied to the Successor 
Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and is the spread, formula or methodology which: 
(A) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the replacement 
of the Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; or 
(B) 
if no such recommendation has been made, or in the case of an Alternative Rate, the 
Independent Adviser determines, is customarily applied to the relevant Successor Rate or 
the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) in international debt capital markets transactions 
to produce an industry-accepted replacement rate for the Reference Rate; or

--- Page 69 ---
69 
(C) 
 if the Independent Adviser determines that no such spread is customarily applied, the 
Independent Adviser determines, is recognised or acknowledged as being the industry 
standard for over-the-counter derivative transactions which reference the Reference Rate, 
where such rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the 
case may be); or 
(D) 
if no such spread, formula or methodology can be determined in accordance with (A) to 
(C) above, the Independent Adviser, and acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner, determines to be appropriate, having regard to the objective, so far as 
is reasonably practicable in the circumstances and solely for the purposes of this sub-
paragraph (D) only, of reducing or eliminating any economic prejudice or benefit (as the 
case may be) to the Noteholders. 
“Alternative Rate” means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the Independent Adviser 
determines in accordance with Condition 7(j)(ii) is customarily applied international debt capital 
markets for the purposes of determining floating rates of interest (or the relevant component part 
thereof) in the Specified Currency. 
“Benchmark Amendments” has the meaning given to it in Condition 7(j)(i). 
“Benchmark Event” means: 
(A) 
the Reference Rate ceasing to be published for a period of at least five (5) Business Days 
or ceasing to exist; or 
(B) 
a public statement by the administrator of the Reference Rate that it has ceased or that it 
will cease publishing the Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances 
where no successor administrator has been appointed that will continue publication of 
the Reference Rate); or 
(C) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Reference Rate, that the 
Reference Rate has been or will be permanently or indefinitely discontinued; or 
(D) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Reference Rate as a 
consequence of which the Reference Rate will be prohibited from being used either 
generally, or in respect of the relevant Floating Rate Notes; or 
(E) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Reference 
Rate that the Reference Rate is or will be (or is or will be deemed by such supervisor to 
be) no longer representative of its relevant underlying market; or 
(F) 
it has become unlawful for any Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Issuer or any 
other party to calculate any Rate of Interest using the Reference Rate, 
provided that the Benchmark Event shall be deemed to occur (I) in the case of sub-paragraphs (B) 
and (C) above, on the date of the cessation of publication of the Reference Rate or the 
discontinuation of the Reference Rate, as the case may be, (II) in the case of subparagraph (D) 
above, on the date of the prohibition of use of the Reference Rate, and (III) in the case of sub-
paragraph (E) above, on the date with effect from which the Reference Rate will no longer be (or 
will be deemed by the relevant supervisor to no longer be) representative of its relevant underlying 
market and which is specified in the relevant public statement, and, in each case, not the date of 
the relevant public statement.

--- Page 70 ---
70 
The occurrence of a Benchmark Event shall be determined by the Issuer and promptly notified to 
the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent and the Paying Agents. For the avoidance of doubt, neither 
the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent nor the Paying Agents shall have any responsibility for 
making such determination. 
“business day” means a day, other than a Saturday or Sunday, on which banks are open for business 
in the place of the specified office of the Calculation Agent. 
“Independent Adviser” means an independent financial institution of international repute or an 
independent financial adviser experienced in the international capital markets, in each case 
appointed by the Issuer at its own expense under Condition 7(j)(i). 
“Relevant Nominating Body” means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as applicable): 
(A) 
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) 
relates, or any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for 
supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable); or 
(B) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted at 
the request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate 
(as applicable) relates, (b) any central bank or other supervisory authority which is 
responsible for supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable), (c) a group of the aforementioned central banks or other supervisory 
authorities, or (d) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof. 
“Successor Rate” means a successor to or replacement of the Reference Rate which is formally 
recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
8 
Redemption and Purchase 
(a) 
Scheduled redemption: Unless previously redeemed, or purchased and cancelled, the Notes will be 
redeemed at their Final Redemption Amount on the Maturity Date, subject as provided in Condition 9 
(Payments – Bearer Notes). 
(b) 
Redemption for tax reasons: The Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in 
part: 
(i) 
at any time (unless the Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
being applicable); or 
(ii) 
on any Interest Payment Date (if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as being applicable), 
on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ notice to the Noteholders, or such other period(s) as 
may be specified in the relevant Final Terms, (which notice shall be irrevocable), at their Early 
Redemption Amount (Tax), together with interest accrued (if any) to the date fixed for redemption, if: 
(A) 
the Issuer (or, if demand was made under the Guarantee, the Guarantor) (a) has or will 
become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in Condition 11 
(Taxation), (b) would not be entitled to claim a deduction in computing tax liabilities in 
Spain in respect of any interest to be paid on the next Interest Payment Date or the value of 
such deduction to the Issuer (or the Guarantor, as the case may be) would be materially 
reduced, or (c) the applicable tax treatment of the Notes changes in a material way that was 
not reasonably foreseeable at the Issue Date, in each case as a result of any change in, or

--- Page 71 ---
71 
amendment to, the laws or regulations of the Kingdom of Spain or any political subdivision 
or any authority thereof or therein having power to tax, or any change in the application or 
official interpretation of such laws or regulations (including a holding by a court of 
competent jurisdiction), which change or amendment becomes effective on or after the date 
of issue of the first Tranche of the Notes; and  
(B) 
such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer (or the Guarantor, as the case may be) taking 
reasonable measures available to it, 
provided, however, that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than: 
1. 
where the Notes may be redeemed at any time, 90 days (or such other period as may 
be specified in the relevant Final Terms) prior to the earliest date on which the Issuer 
(or the Guarantor, as the case may be) would be obliged to pay such additional 
amounts if a payment in respect of the Notes (or the Guarantee, as the case may be) 
were then due; or 
2. 
where the Notes may be redeemed only on an Interest Payment Date, 60 days (or 
such other period as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms) prior to the 
Interest Payment Date occurring immediately before the earliest date on which the 
Issuer (or the Guarantor, as the case may be) would be obliged to pay such additional 
amounts if a payment in respect of the Notes (or the Guarantee, as the case may be) 
were then due. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this paragraph, the Issuer shall deliver to 
the Fiscal Agent (A) a certificate signed by 2 directors of the Issuer (or the Guarantor, as the case may be) 
stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth a statement of facts showing 
that the conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer so to redeem have occurred and (B) an opinion of 
independent legal advisers of recognised international standing to the effect that the Issuer (or the 
Guarantor, as the case may be) has or will become obliged to pay such additional amounts as a result of 
such change or amendment. Upon the expiry of any such notice as is referred to in this Condition 8, the 
Issuer shall be bound to redeem the Notes in accordance with this Condition 8. 
(c) 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call): If the Call Option is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being applicable, the Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole or, if so 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, in part on any Optional Redemption Date (Call) at the relevant 
Optional Redemption Amount (Call) on the Issuer’s giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ notice 
to the Noteholders, or such other period(s) as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms (which notice 
shall be irrevocable and shall oblige the Issuer to redeem the Notes or, as the case may be, the Notes 
specified in such notice on the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Call) at the Optional Redemption 
Amount (Call) plus accrued and unpaid interest (if any) to such date). 
If Make-whole Amount is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Optional Redemption Amount (Call) 
will be the higher of (a) 100% of the principal amount outstanding of the Notes to be redeemed and (b) 
the sum of the present values of the principal amount outstanding of the Notes to be redeemed and the 
Remaining Term Interest on such Notes (exclusive of interest accrued to the date of redemption) 
discounted to the date of redemption on an annual basis at (i) the Reference Note Rate plus the Redemption 
Margin or (ii) the Discount Rate, in each case as specified in the relevant Final Terms. If the Make-whole 
Exemption Period is specified as applicable and the Issuer gives notice to redeem the Notes during the 
Make-whole Exemption Period, the Optional Redemption Amount (Call) will be 100% of the principal 
amount outstanding of the Notes to be redeemed.

--- Page 72 ---
72 
All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed on the date specified in such 
notice in accordance with this Condition 8(c). 
In the case of a partial redemption the notice to Noteholders shall also contain the certificate numbers of 
the Notes to be redeemed, which shall have been drawn in such place and in such manner as may be fair 
and reasonable in the circumstances, taking account of prevailing market practices, subject to compliance 
with any applicable laws and stock exchange or other relevant authority requirements.  
For the purposes of this Condition 8(c): 
“Discount Rate” will be as set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
“FA Selected Note” means a government security or securities selected by the Financial Adviser as having 
an actual or interpolated maturity comparable with the remaining term of the Notes that would be utilised, 
at the time of selection and in accordance with customary financial practice, in pricing new issues of 
corporate debt securities denominated in the same currency as the Notes and of a comparable maturity to 
the remaining term of the Notes. 
“Financial Adviser” means the entity so specified in the relevant Final Terms or, if not so specified or if 
such entity is unable or unwilling to act, any financial adviser selected by the Issuer. 
“Make-whole Exemption Period” will be as set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Redemption Margin” will be as set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Reference Note” shall be the note so specified in the relevant Final Terms or, if not so specified or if no 
longer available, the FA Selected Note. 
“Reference Note Price” means, with respect to any date of redemption: (a) the arithmetic average of the 
Reference Government Note Dealer Quotations for such date of redemption, after excluding the highest 
and lowest such Reference Government Note Dealer Quotations or (b) if the Financial Adviser obtains 
fewer than 4 such Reference Government Note Dealer Quotations, the arithmetic average of all such 
quotations. 
“Reference Note Rate” means, with respect to any date of redemption, the rate per annum equal to the 
annual or semi-annual yield (as the case may be) to maturity or interpolated yield to maturity (on the 
relevant day count basis) of the Reference Note, assuming a price for the Reference Note (expressed as a 
percentage of its principal amount) equal to the Reference Note Price for such date of redemption. 
“Reference Date” will be set out in the relevant notice of redemption, such date to fall no earlier than the 
date falling 15 days prior to the date of such notice. 
“Reference Government Note Dealer” means each of 5 banks selected by the Issuer which are (a) 
primary government securities dealers, and their respective successors, or (b) market makers in pricing 
corporate note issues. 
“Reference Government Note Dealer Quotations” means, with respect to each Reference Government 
Note Dealer and any date for redemption, the arithmetic average, as determined by the Financial Adviser, 
of the bid and offered prices for the Reference Note (expressed in each case as a percentage of its principal 
amount) at the Quotation Time specified in the relevant Final Terms on the Reference Date quoted in 
writing to the Financial Adviser by such Reference Government Note Dealer. 
“Remaining Term Interest” means with respect to any Note, the aggregate amount of scheduled 
payment(s) of interest on such Note for the remaining term of such Note determined on the basis of the

--- Page 73 ---
73 
rate of interest applicable to such Note from and including the date on which such Note is to be redeemed 
by the Issuer in accordance with this Condition 8(c). 
(d) 
Residual Maturity Call Option: If a Residual Maturity Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as being applicable, the Issuer may, on giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ irrevocable notice 
to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 18 (which notice shall specify the date fixed for 
redemption (the “Residual Maturity Call Option Redemption Date”)), redeem the Notes comprising 
the relevant Series, in whole but not in part, at their principal amount together with any accrued and unpaid 
interest up to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption, which shall be no earlier than (i) 3 months 
before the Maturity Date in respect of Notes having a maturity of not more than 10 years or (ii) 6 months 
before the Maturity Date in respect of Notes having a maturity of more than 10 years. 
For the purpose of the preceding paragraph, the maturity of not more than 10 years or the maturity of more 
than 10 years shall be determined as from the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the relevant Series of 
Notes. 
All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed on the date specified in such 
notice in accordance with this Condition. 
(e) 
Redemption following a Substantial Purchase Event: If a Substantial Purchase Event is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as being applicable and a Substantial Purchase Event has occurred and is continuing, 
then the Issuer may, subject to having given not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ irrevocable notice to 
the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 18, redeem the Notes comprising the relevant Series in 
whole, but not in part, in accordance with these Conditions at any time, in each case at their principal 
amount, together with any accrued and unpaid interest up to (but excluding) the date of redemption. 
All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed on the date specified in such 
notice in accordance with this Condition. 
A “Substantial Purchase Event” shall be deemed to have occurred if at least 80% of the aggregate 
principal amount of the Notes of the relevant Series originally issued (which for these purposes shall 
include any further Notes of the same Series issued subsequently) is purchased by the Issuer, the Guarantor 
or any Subsidiary of the Guarantor (and in each case is cancelled in accordance with Condition 8(k)); 
(f) 
Partial redemption: If the Notes are to be redeemed in part only on any date in accordance with Condition 
8(c) (Redemption and Purchase - Redemption at the option of the Issuer), in the case of Bearer Notes, the 
Notes to be redeemed shall be selected by the drawing of lots in such place as the Fiscal Agent approves 
and in such manner as the Fiscal Agent considers appropriate, subject to compliance with applicable law, 
the rules of each competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system (if any) by which the Notes 
have then been admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation and the notice to Noteholders referred to in 
Condition 8(c) (Redemption and Purchase - Redemption at the option of the Issuer) shall specify the serial 
numbers of the Notes so to be redeemed, and, in the case of Registered Notes, each Note shall be redeemed 
in part in the proportion which the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes to be redeemed 
on the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Call) bears to the aggregate principal amount of outstanding 
Notes on such date. If any Maximum Redemption Amount or Minimum Redemption Amount is specified 
in the relevant Final Terms, then the Optional Redemption Amount (Call) shall in no event be greater than 
the maximum or be less than the minimum so specified. 
(g) 
Redemption at the option of Noteholders (Investor Put): If the Put Option is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being applicable, the Issuer shall, at the option of the holder of any Note redeem such Note on 
the Optional Redemption Date (Put) specified in the relevant Put Option Notice at the relevant Optional 
Redemption Amount (Put) together with interest (if any) accrued to such date. In order to exercise the

--- Page 74 ---
74 
option contained in this Condition 8(g), the Holder of a Note must, not less than 30 nor more than 60 days 
before the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Put) (or such other period(s) as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms), deposit (in the case of Bearer Notes) with any Paying Agent such Note together 
with all unmatured Coupons relating thereto or (in the case of Registered Notes) the Note Certificate 
representing such Note(s) with the Registrar or (as the case may be) any Transfer Agent at its Specified 
Office, together with a duly completed Put Option Notice in the form obtainable from any Paying Agent, 
the Registrar or any Transfer Agent (as applicable). The Paying Agent, Registrar or (as the case may be) 
Transfer Agent with which a Note is so deposited shall deliver a duly completed Put Option Receipt to the 
depositing Noteholder. No Note, once deposited with a duly completed Put Option Notice in accordance 
with this Condition 8(g), may be withdrawn; provided, however, that if, prior to the relevant Optional 
Redemption Date (Put), any such Note becomes immediately due and payable or, upon due presentation 
of any such Note on the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Put), payment of the redemption moneys is 
improperly withheld or refused, the relevant Paying Agent shall mail notification thereof to the depositing 
Noteholder at such address as may have been given by such Noteholder in the relevant Put Option Notice 
and shall hold such Note at its Specified Office for collection by the depositing Noteholder against 
surrender of the relevant Put Option Receipt. For so long as any outstanding Note is held by a Paying 
Agent in accordance with this Condition 8(g), the depositor of such Note and not such Paying Agent shall 
be deemed to be the Holder of such Note for all purposes. 
(h) 
Redemption or Purchase at the option of the Noteholders on a Put Event (Change of Control Put): If the 
Change of Control Put is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, and if at any time while 
any Note remains outstanding a Change of Control occurs, the Issuer or the Guarantor shall make a Public 
Announcement as soon as reasonably practicable, and if, within the Change of Control Period, either: 
(i) 
(if at the time that the Change of Control occurs there are Rated Securities outstanding) a Rating 
Downgrade Event in respect of the Change of Control occurs; or 
(ii) 
(if at the time that the Change of Control occurs there are no Rated Securities outstanding) a 
Negative Rating Event in respect of the Change of Control occurs, 
(the Change of Control and Rating Downgrade Event or the Change of Control and Negative Rating Event, 
as the case may be, occurring within the Change of Control Period, together called a “Put Event”), each 
holder of the Notes shall have the option (unless, before the giving of the Put Event Notice (as defined 
below), the Issuer shall have given notice under Condition 8(b) (Redemption and Purchase - Redemption 
for tax reasons) to redeem the Notes) to require the Issuer to redeem or, at the Issuer’s option, purchase 
(or procure the purchase of) any of its Notes at the Optional Redemption Amount (Put) together with (or, 
where purchased, together with an amount equal to) interest accrued to but excluding the Put Date (as 
defined below). Such option (the “Put Option”) shall operate as set out below. 
If a Put Event occurs then, within 14 days of the occurrence of the Put Event, the Issuer shall give notice 
(a “Put Event Notice”) to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 18 (Notices) specifying the 
nature of the Put Event and the procedure for exercising the Put Option. 
In order to exercise the Put Option, the holder of a Note must, during the period commencing on the date 
on which the Put Event Notice is given to Noteholders as required by this Condition 8(h) and ending 60 
days after such occurrence (the “Put Period”), deposit with any Paying Agent such Note together with all 
unmatured Coupons relating thereto and a duly completed Put Option Notice in the form obtainable from 
any Paying Agent. The Paying Agent with which a Note is so deposited shall deliver a duly completed Put 
Option Receipt to the depositing Noteholder. No Note, once deposited with a duly completed Put Option 
Notice in accordance with this Condition 8(h), may be withdrawn; provided, however, that if, prior to the 
relevant Put Date, any such Note becomes immediately due and payable or payment of the redemption

--- Page 75 ---
75 
moneys is improperly withheld or refused on the Put Date, the relevant Paying Agent shall mail 
notification thereof to the depositing Noteholder at such address as may have been given by such 
Noteholder in the relevant Put Option Notice and shall hold such Note at its Specified Office for collection 
by the depositing Noteholder against surrender of the relevant Put Option Receipt. For so long as any 
outstanding Note is held by a Paying Agent in accordance with this Condition 8(h), the depositor of such 
Note and not such Paying Agent shall be deemed to be the holder of such Note for all purposes. 
The Issuer shall at its option redeem or purchase (or procure the purchase of) the Notes the subject of each 
Put Option Notice given under this Condition 8(h) on the date (the “Put Date”) which is 7 days after the 
expiration of the Put Period unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled. 
For the purposes of this Condition 8(h): 
a “Change of Control” shall have occurred if one or more individuals or legal entities, acting individually 
or in concert, acquires control of the Guarantor; and for the purposes of these Conditions “control” shall 
mean (i) the acquisition or control of more than 50% of the voting rights or (ii) the right to appoint and/or 
remove all or the majority of the members of the board of directors or other governing body, whether 
obtained directly or indirectly, and whether obtained by ownership of share capital, the possession of 
voting rights, contract or otherwise and “controlled” shall be construed accordingly; 
“Change of Control Period” means: 
(i) 
if at the time a Change of Control occurs there are Rated Securities, the period of 120 days 
beginning on and including the date of the relevant Public Announcement; or 
(ii) 
if at the time a Change of Control occurs there are no Rated Securities, the period beginning on 
and including the date on which the relevant Change of Control occurs and ending 120 days 
following the later of (a) the date on which the Issuer seeks to obtain a rating as contemplated in 
the definition of Negative Rating Event prior to the expiry of the 60 days referred to in that 
definition, and (b) the date of the relevant Public Announcement; 
(or, in the case of either (i) or (ii) above, such longer period in which the Rated Securities are under 
consideration (such consideration having been announced publicly within the first mentioned 120 day 
period) for rating review or, as the case may be, rating by a Rating Agency); 
“Investment Grade Rating” means a rating of the Notes of at least BBB- or Baa3 (or their respective 
equivalents at each Rating Agency for the time being); 
a “Negative Rating Event” shall be deemed to have occurred if either (a) the Issuer does not, either prior 
to or not later than 60 days after the relevant Change of Control, seek, and thereafter throughout the 
Change of Control Period use all reasonable endeavours to obtain, a rating of the Notes or any other 
unsecured and unsubordinated debt of the Issuer having an initial maturity of 5 years or more (“Rateable 
Debt”) from a Rating Agency or (b) if the Issuer does so seek and use such endeavours, it is unable by the 
end of the Change of Control Period to obtain such a rating of the Notes of an Investment Grade Rating; 
“Public Announcement” means an announcement by the Issuer or the Guarantor of the occurrence of a 
Change of Control, published in accordance with Condition 18 (Notices); 
“Rated Securities” means the Notes, if and for so long as they shall have an effective rating from a Rating 
Agency and otherwise any Rateable Debt which is rated by a Rating Agency; 
“Rating Agency” means any of (i) Standard & Poor’s Credit Market Services Europe Limited, (ii) 
Moody’s Investor Service, Inc., (iii) Fitch Ratings Limited and (iv) any other rating agency of international

--- Page 76 ---
76 
standing and (in each case) their respective affiliates and successors and “Rating Agencies” shall be 
construed accordingly; 
a “Rating Downgrade Event” shall be deemed to have occurred in respect of the Change of Control if 
the then current rating assigned to the Rated Securities by any Rating Agency is withdrawn or reduced 
from at least an Investment Grade Rating or, if a Rating Agency shall already have rated the Rated 
Securities below an Investment Grade Rating, the rating is lowered one full rating category. 
(i) 
No other redemption: The Issuer shall not be entitled to redeem the Notes otherwise than as provided in 
paragraphs (a) to (h) above. 
(j) 
Purchase: Each of the Issuer, the Guarantor and any of their respective Subsidiaries may at any time 
purchase Notes in the open market or otherwise and at any price, provided that all unmatured Coupons 
are purchased therewith. 
(k) 
Cancellation: All Notes so redeemed shall be cancelled and may not be reissued or resold. 
9 
Payments - Bearer Notes 
This Condition 9 is only applicable to Bearer Notes. 
(a) 
Principal: Payments of principal shall be made only against presentation and (provided that payment is 
made in full) surrender of Bearer Notes at the Specified Office of any Paying Agent outside the United 
States by cheque drawn in the currency in which the payment is due on, or by transfer to an account 
denominated in that currency (or, if that currency is euro, any other account to which euro may be credited 
or transferred) and maintained by the payee with, a bank in the Principal Financial Centre of that currency. 
(b) 
Interest: Payments of interest shall, subject to paragraph (h) below, be made only against presentation and 
(provided that payment is made in full) surrender of the appropriate Coupons at the Specified Office of 
any Paying Agent outside the United States in the manner described in paragraph (a) above. 
(c) 
Payments in New York City: Payments of principal or interest may be made at the Specified Office of a 
Paying Agent in New York City if (i) the Issuer has appointed Paying Agents outside the United States 
with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents will be able to make payment of the full amount 
of the interest on the Notes in the currency in which the payment is due when due, (ii) payment of the full 
amount of such interest at the offices of all such Paying Agents is illegal or effectively precluded by 
exchange controls or other similar restrictions, and (iii) payment is permitted by applicable United States 
law. 
(d) 
Payments subject to fiscal laws: All payments in respect of the Bearer Notes are subject in all cases to any 
applicable fiscal or other laws and regulations in the place of payment, but without prejudice to the 
provisions of Condition 11 (Taxation). 
(e) 
No commissions or expenses: No commissions or expenses shall be charged to the Noteholders or 
Couponholders in respect of such payments. 
(f) 
Deductions for unmatured Coupons: If the relevant Final Terms specifies that the Fixed Rate Note 
Provisions are applicable and a Bearer Note is presented without all unmatured Coupons relating thereto: 
(i) 
if the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons is less than or equal to the amount of principal due 
for payment, a sum equal to the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons will be deducted from 
the amount of principal due for payment; provided, however, that if the gross amount available for 
payment is less than the amount of principal due for payment, the sum deducted will be that

--- Page 77 ---
77 
proportion of the aggregate amount of such missing Coupons which the gross amount actually 
available for payment bears to the amount of principal due for payment; 
(ii) 
if the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons is greater than the amount of principal due for 
payment: 
(A) 
so many of such missing Coupons shall become void (in inverse order of maturity) as will 
result in the aggregate amount of the remainder of such missing Coupons (the “Relevant 
Coupons”) being equal to the amount of principal due for payment; provided, however, that 
where this sub-paragraph would otherwise require a fraction of a missing Coupon to become 
void, such missing Coupon shall become void in its entirety; and 
(B) 
a sum equal to the aggregate amount of the Relevant Coupons (or, if less, the amount of 
principal due for payment) will be deducted from the amount of principal due for payment; 
provided, however, that, if the gross amount available for payment is less than the amount 
of principal due for payment, the sum deducted will be that proportion of the aggregate 
amount of the Relevant Coupons (or, as the case may be, the amount of principal due for 
payment) which the gross amount actually available for payment bears to the amount of 
principal due for payment. 
Each sum of principal so deducted shall be paid in the manner provided in paragraph (a) above 
against presentation and (provided that payment is made in full) surrender of the relevant missing 
Coupons. 
(g) 
Unmatured Coupons void: If the relevant Final Terms specifies that this Condition 9(g) is applicable or 
that the Floating Rate Note Provisions are applicable, on the due date for final redemption of any Note or 
early redemption in whole of such Note pursuant to Condition 8(b) (Redemption and Purchase - 
Redemption for tax reasons), Condition 8(c) (Redemption and Purchase - Redemption at the option of the 
Issuer (Issuer Call)), Condition 8(g) (Redemption and Purchase - Redemption at the option of Noteholders 
(Investor Put)) or Condition 12 (Events of Default), all unmatured Coupons relating thereto (whether or 
not still attached) shall become void and no payment will be made in respect thereof. 
(h) 
Payments on business days: If the due date for payment of any amount in respect of any Bearer Note or 
Coupon is not a Payment Business Day in the place of presentation, the Holder shall not be entitled to 
payment in such place of the amount due until the next succeeding Payment Business Day in such place 
and shall not be entitled to any further interest or other payment in respect of any such delay. 
(i) 
Payments other than in respect of matured Coupons: Payments of interest other than in respect of matured 
Coupons shall be made only against presentation of the relevant Bearer Notes at the Specified Office of 
any Paying Agent outside the United States (or in New York City if permitted by paragraph (c) above). 
(j) 
Partial payments: If a Paying Agent makes a partial payment in respect of any Bearer Note or Coupon 
presented to it for payment, such Paying Agent will endorse thereon a statement indicating the amount 
and date of such payment. 
(k) 
Exchange of Talons: On or after the maturity date of the final Coupon which is (or was at the time of 
issue) part of a Coupon Sheet relating to the Bearer Notes, the Talon forming part of such Coupon Sheet 
may be exchanged at the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent for a further Coupon Sheet (including, if 
appropriate, a further Talon but excluding any Coupons in respect of which claims have already become 
void pursuant to Condition 13 (Prescription). Upon the due date for redemption of any Bearer Note, any 
unexchanged Talon relating to such Note shall become void and no Coupon will be delivered in respect 
of such Talon.

--- Page 78 ---
78 
10 
Payments - Registered Notes 
This Condition 10 is only applicable to Registered Notes. 
(a) 
Principal: Payments of principal shall be made by cheque drawn in the currency in which the payment is 
due drawn on, or, upon application by a Holder of a Registered Note to the Specified Office of the Fiscal 
Agent not later than the fifteenth day before the due date for any such payment, by transfer to an account 
denominated in that currency (or, if that currency is euro, any other account to which euro may be credited 
or transferred) and maintained by the payee with, a bank in the Principal Financial Centre of that currency 
(in the case of a sterling cheque, a town clearing branch of a bank in the City of London) and (in the case 
of redemption) upon surrender (or, in the case of part payment only, endorsement) of the relevant Note 
Certificates at the Specified Office of any Paying Agent. 
(b) 
Interest: Payments of interest shall be made by cheque drawn in the currency in which the payment is due 
drawn on, or, upon application by a Holder of a Registered Note to the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent 
not later than the fifteenth day before the due date for any such payment, by transfer to an account 
denominated in that currency (or, if that currency is euro, any other account to which euro may be credited 
or transferred) and maintained by the payee with, a bank in the Principal Financial Centre of that currency 
(in the case of a sterling cheque, a town clearing branch of a bank in the City of London) and (in the case 
of interest payable on redemption) upon surrender (or, in the case of part payment only, endorsement) of 
the relevant Note Certificates at the Specified Office of any Paying Agent. 
(c) 
Payments subject to fiscal laws: All payments in respect of the Registered Notes are subject in all cases 
to any applicable fiscal or other laws and regulations in the place of payment, but without prejudice to the 
provisions of Condition 11 (Taxation). 
(d) 
No commissions or expenses: No commissions or expenses shall be charged to the Noteholders in respect 
of such payments. 
(e) 
Payments on business days: Where payment is to be made by transfer to an account, payment instructions 
(for value the due date, or, if the due date is not Payment Business Day, for value the next succeeding 
Payment Business Day) will be initiated and, where payment is to be made by cheque, the cheque will be 
mailed (i) (in the case of payments of principal and interest payable on redemption) on the later of the due 
date for payment and the day on which the relevant Note Certificate is surrendered (or, in the case of part 
payment only, endorsed) at the Specified Office of a Paying Agent, and (ii) (in the case of payments of 
interest payable other than on redemption) on the due date for payment. A Holder of a Registered Note 
shall not be entitled to any interest or other payment in respect of any delay in payment resulting from (A) 
the due date for a payment not being a Payment Business Day or (B) a cheque mailed in accordance with 
this Condition 10(e) arriving after the due date for payment or being lost in the mail. 
(f) 
Partial payments: If a Paying Agent makes a partial payment in respect of any Registered Note, the Issuer 
shall procure that the amount and date of such payment are noted on the Register and, in the case of partial 
payment upon presentation of a Note Certificate, that a statement indicating the amount and the date of 
such payment is endorsed on the relevant Note Certificate. 
(g) 
Record date: Each payment in respect of a Registered Note will be made to the person shown as the Holder 
in the Register at the opening of business in the place of the Registrar’s Specified Office on the fifteenth 
day before the due date for such payment (the “Record Date”). Where payment in respect of a Registered 
Note is to be made by cheque, the cheque will be mailed to the address shown as the address of the Holder 
in the Register at the opening of business on the relevant Record Date.

--- Page 79 ---
79 
11 
Taxation  
(a) 
Gross up: All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes and the Coupons by or on behalf 
of the Issuer or the Guarantor (under the Guarantee) shall be made free and clear of, and without 
withholding or deduction for or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or on behalf 
of the Kingdom of Spain or any political subdivision therein or any authority therein or thereof having 
power to tax, unless the withholding or deduction of such taxes, duties, assessments, or governmental 
charges is required by law. In that event, the Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor shall pay such 
additional amounts as will result in receipt by the Noteholders after such withholding or deduction of such 
amounts as would have been received by them had no such withholding or deduction been required, except 
that no such additional amounts shall be payable in respect of any Note or Coupon: 
(i) 
held by or on behalf of a Holder or to the beneficial owner of the Notes and Coupons which is 
liable to such taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges in respect of such Note or Coupon 
by reason of its having some connection with the jurisdiction by which such taxes, duties, 
assessments or charges have been imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed other than the 
mere holding of the Note or Coupon; or 
(ii) 
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a Spanish-resident legal entity subject to the Spanish Corporate 
Income Tax if the Spanish tax authorities determine that the Notes do not comply with applicable 
exemption requirements including those specified in the reply to a non-binding Consultation of the 
Directorate General for Taxation (Dirección General de Tributos) dated 27 July 2004 and require 
a withholding to be made; or 
(iii) 
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a Holder or to the beneficial owner of the Notes and Coupons if 
the Issuer or the Guarantor does not receive in a timely manner certain information about the Notes 
of such Holder (or the beneficial owner) as it is required by the applicable Spanish tax laws and 
regulations, including a duly executed and completed certificate from the Fiscal Agent, pursuant 
to Law 10/2014 and Royal Decree 1065/2007 of 27 July, as amended by Royal Decree 1145/2011 
of 29 July, and any implementing legislation or regulation; or 
(iv) 
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a Holder or to the beneficial owner of the Notes and Coupons 
who failed to make any necessary claim or to comply with any certification, identification or other 
requirements concerning the nationality, residence, identity or connection with the taxing 
jurisdiction of such Holder or beneficial owner, if such claim or compliance is required by statute, 
treaty, regulation or administrative practice of the taxing jurisdiction of the Issuer and the Guarantor 
as a condition to relief or exemption from such taxes; or 
(v) 
in relation to any estate, inheritance, gift, sales, transfer or similar taxes; or 
(vi) 
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a Holder who is a fiduciary, a partnership, a limited liability 
company or other than the sole beneficial owner of that payment, to the extent that payment would 
be required by the laws of Spain to be included in the income, for tax purposes, of a beneficiary or 
settlor with respect to the fiduciary, a member of that partnership, an interest holder in that limited 
liability company or a beneficial owner who would not have been entitled to any additional 
amounts had it been the Holder; or 
(vii) 
where the relevant Note or Coupon or Note Certificate is presented or surrendered for payment 
more than 30 days after the Relevant Date except to the extent that the Holder of such Note or 
Coupon would have been entitled to such additional amounts on presenting or surrendering such 
Note or Coupon or Note Certificate for payment on the last day of such period of 30 days; or

--- Page 80 ---
80 
(viii) any combination of items (i) through (vii) above. 
(b) 
Taxing jurisdiction: If the Issuer or the Guarantor becomes subject at any time to any taxing jurisdiction 
other than the Kingdom of Spain, references in these Conditions to the Kingdom of Spain shall be 
construed as references to the Kingdom of Spain and/or such other jurisdiction. 
(c) 
FATCA: Notwithstanding any other provision of the Conditions to the contrary, any amounts to be paid on 
the Notes or the Coupons by or on behalf of the Issuer or the Guarantor will be paid net of any deduction 
or withholding imposed or required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the Code, 
or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code (or any regulations thereunder 
or official interpretations thereof) or an intergovernmental agreement between the United States and 
another jurisdiction facilitating the implementation thereof (or any fiscal or regulatory legislation, rules 
or practices implementing such an intergovernmental agreement) (any such withholding or deduction, a 
“FATCA Withholding”). None of the Issuer, the Guarantor, or any other person will be required to pay 
any additional amounts in respect of FATCA Withholding. 
12 
Events of Default 
If any of the following events occurs and is continuing: 
(a) 
Non-payment: the Issuer or the Guarantor fails to pay any amount of principal or interest in respect of the 
Notes within 21 days of the due date for payment thereof; or 
(b) 
Breach of other obligations: the Issuer or the Guarantor defaults in the performance or observance of any 
of its other obligations under or in respect of the Notes and such default remains unremedied for 45 days 
after written notice thereof, addressed to the Issuer and the Guarantor by any Noteholder, has been 
delivered to the Issuer and the Guarantor or to the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent; or 
(c) 
Cross-default: 
(i) 
any Relevant Indebtedness (which does not constitute Project Finance Debt) of the Issuer or the 
Guarantor or any of their respective Material Subsidiaries is not paid when due or (as the case may 
be) within any originally applicable grace period; 
(ii) 
any such Relevant Indebtedness (which does not constitute Project Finance Debt) becomes due 
and payable prior to its stated maturity by reason of any actual or potential default, event of default 
or the like (howsoever described); 
(iii) 
the Issuer, the Guarantor or any of their respective Material Subsidiaries fails to pay when due any 
amount payable by it under any guarantee of any Relevant Indebtedness (which does not constitute 
Project Finance Debt); 
provided that the amount of Relevant Indebtedness referred to in sub-paragraph (i) and/or sub-paragraph 
(ii) above and/or the amount payable under any guarantee referred to in sub-paragraph (iii) above have 
occurred equals or exceeds €100,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency or currencies); or 
(d) Insolvency etc: (i) the Issuer, the Guarantor or any of their respective Material Subsidiaries (other than a 
Project Finance Entity) becomes insolvent or bankrupt or unable to pay its debts, stops, suspends or 
threatens publicly to stop or suspend payment of all or a material part of (or of a particular type of) its 
debts, or is declared or a voluntary request has been submitted to a relevant court for the declaration of 
insolvency or bankruptcy, (ii) an administrator, liquidator, receiver, administrative receiver or other similar 
officer of the Issuer, the Guarantor or any of their respective Material Subsidiaries (other than a Project 
Finance Entity) or of the whole or any part of the undertaking, assets and revenues of the Issuer, the

--- Page 81 ---
81 
Guarantor or any of their respective Material Subsidiaries (other than a Project Finance Entity) is 
appointed (or application for any such appointment is made), or (iii) the Issuer, the Guarantor or any of 
their respective Material Subsidiaries (other than a Project Finance Entity) takes any action for a 
readjustment or deferment of any of its obligations or makes a general assignment or an arrangement or 
composition with or for the benefit of the creditors of all or a material part of (or a particular type of) its 
debts or a moratorium is agreed or declared or comes into effect in respect of or affecting all or any part 
of (or of a particular type of) the debts of the Issuer, the Guarantor or any of their respective Material 
Subsidiaries (other than a Project Finance Entity); or 
(e) 
Winding up etc: an order is made or an effective resolution passed for the winding-up or dissolution of the 
Issuer, the Guarantor or any of their respective Material Subsidiaries (other than a Project Finance Entity), 
or the Issuer, the Guarantor or any of their respective Material Subsidiaries (other than a Project Finance 
Entity) ceases or threatens to cease to carry on all or substantially all of its business or operations, in each 
case except for the purpose of and followed by a reconstruction, amalgamation, reorganisation, merger or 
consolidation (i) on terms approved by the Noteholders or (ii) in the case of a Material Subsidiary (other 
than a Project Finance Entity), whereby the undertaking or assets of the Material Subsidiary (other than a 
Project Finance Entity) are transferred to or otherwise vested in (A) the Issuer, the Guarantor or another 
Material Subsidiary (other than a Project Finance Entity), (B) a Subsidiary where immediately upon such 
transfer or vesting becomes a Material Subsidiary, or (C) any other person provided, in this case, that the 
undertaking or assets are transferred to that person for full consideration on an arm’s length basis and the 
proceeds of the consideration are applied as soon as practicable by the Material Subsidiary (other than a 
Project Finance Entity) in its business or operations or the business or operations of the Issuer, the 
Guarantor or another Material Subsidiary (other than a Project Finance Entity); or 
(f) 
Distress: a distress, attachment, execution or other legal process for an amount equal to or in excess of 
€100,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency or currencies) is levied, enforced or sued out on or 
against any part of the property, assets or revenues of the Issuer, the Guarantor or any of their respective 
Material Subsidiaries (other than a Project Finance Entity) and is not discharged or stayed within 60 days; 
or 
(g) 
Enforcement of charges: pursuant to any mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other encumbrance (other than 
in respect of any Project Finance Debt), present or future, securing an amount equal to or in excess of 
€100,000,000, a secured party takes possession of, or a receiver, manager or other similar officer is 
appointed in respect of, the whole or a substantial part of the undertaking, assets and revenues of the 
Issuer, the Guarantor or any of their respective Material Subsidiaries (other than a Project Finance Entity); 
or 
(h) 
Illegality: it is or becomes unlawful for the Issuer or the Guarantor to perform or comply with any one or 
more of its obligations under or in respect of any of the Notes or the Deed of Guarantee; or 
(i) 
Analogous event: any event occurs which under the laws of the Kingdom of Spain has a similar effect to 
any of the events referred to in the foregoing paragraphs of this Condition 12; or 
(j) 
Ownership: the Issuer ceases to be wholly-owned and controlled directly or indirectly by the Guarantor; 
or  
(k) 
Guarantee: the Guarantee is not (or is claimed by the Guarantor not to be) in full force and effect, 
then any Noteholder of the relevant Series in respect of its Notes may, by written notice to the Issuer and 
the Guarantor, declare that such Notes or Note (as the case may be) and (if the Notes or Note are or is 
interest-bearing) all interest then accrued but unpaid on such Notes or Note (as the case may be) shall be 
forthwith due and payable, whereupon the same shall (to the extent permitted by applicable Spanish law)

--- Page 82 ---
82 
become immediately due and payable at its Early Termination Amount, together with all interest accrued 
thereon without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, all of which the Issuer and the 
Guarantor will expressly waive, anything contained in such Notes to the contrary. 
The Spanish Insolvency Law provides, among other things, that: (i) any claim may become subordinated 
if it is not reported to the insolvency administrators (administradores concursales) within one month from 
the last official publication of the court order declaring the insolvency (if the insolvency proceeding is 
declared as abridged, the term to report may be reduced to fifteen days) in the Spanish Official Gazette 
(Boletín Oficial del Estado), (ii) actions deemed detrimental for the insolvent estate of the insolvency 
debtor carried out during the 2 year period preceding the date of its declaration of insolvency may be 
rescinded, (iii) provisions in a contract granting one party the right to terminate by reason only of the 
other’s insolvency may not be enforceable, and (iv) accrual of interest (other than interest accruing under 
secured liabilities up to an amount equal to the value of the asset subject to the security) shall be suspended 
as from the date of the declaration of insolvency and any amount of interest accrued up to such date and 
unpaid (other than any interest accruing under secured liabilities up to an amount equal to the value of 
the asset subject to the security) shall become subordinated. 
13 
Prescription 
Claims for principal in respect of Bearer Notes shall become void unless the relevant Bearer Notes are 
presented for payment within 10 years of the appropriate Relevant Date. Claims for interest in respect of 
Bearer Notes shall become void unless the relevant Coupons are presented for payment within 5 years of 
the appropriate Relevant Date. Claims for principal and interest on redemption in respect of Registered 
Notes shall become void unless the relevant Note Certificates are surrendered for payment within 10 years 
of the appropriate Relevant Date. 
14 
Replacement of Notes and Coupons 
If any Note, Note Certificate or Coupon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced 
at the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent, in the case of Bearer Notes, or the Registrar, in the case of 
Registered Notes (and, if the Notes are then admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any competent 
authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system which requires the appointment of a Paying Agent or 
Transfer Agent in any particular place, the Paying Agent or Transfer Agent having its Specified Office in 
the place required by such competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system), subject to all 
applicable laws and competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system requirements, upon 
payment by the claimant of the expenses incurred in connection with such replacement and on such terms 
as to evidence, security, indemnity and otherwise as the Issuer may reasonably require. Mutilated or 
defaced Notes, Note Certificates or Coupons must be surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
15 
Agents 
In acting under the Agency Agreement and in connection with the Notes and the Coupons, the Paying 
Agents act solely as agents of the Issuer and the Guarantor and do not assume any obligations towards or 
relationship of agency or trust for or with any of the Noteholders or Couponholders. 
The initial Paying Agents and their initial Specified Offices are listed below. The initial Calculation Agent 
(if any) is specified in the relevant Final Terms. The Issuer and the Guarantor reserve the right at any time

--- Page 83 ---
83 
to vary or terminate the appointment of any Paying Agent and to appoint a successor fiscal agent or 
registrar or Calculation Agent and additional or successor paying agents; provided, however, that: 
(a) 
the Issuer shall at all times maintain a fiscal agent and a registrar;  
(b) 
the Issuer shall at all times maintain a paying agent in Europe that will not be obliged to withhold 
or deduct tax pursuant to European Council Directive 2003/48/EC;  
(c) 
if a Calculation Agent is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer shall at all times maintain 
a Calculation Agent; and 
(d) 
if and for so long as the Notes are admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any competent 
authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system which requires the appointment of a Paying 
Agent and/or a Transfer Agent in any particular place, the Issuer shall maintain a Paying Agent 
and/or a Transfer Agent having its Specified Office in the place required by such competent 
authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system. 
Notice of any change in any of the Paying Agents or in their Specified Offices shall promptly be given to 
the Noteholders. 
16 
Meetings of Noteholders; Modification and Waiver 
(a) 
Meetings of Noteholders: The Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings of 
Noteholders to consider matters relating to the Notes, including the modification of any provision of these 
Conditions. Any such modification may be made if sanctioned by an Extraordinary Resolution. Such a 
meeting may be convened by the Issuer or the Guarantor and shall be convened by them upon the request 
in writing of Noteholders holding not less than one-tenth of the aggregate principal amount of the 
outstanding Notes. The quorum at any meeting convened to vote on an Extraordinary Resolution will be 
2 or more persons holding or representing one more than half of the aggregate principal amount of the 
outstanding Notes or, at any adjourned meeting, 2 or more persons being or representing Noteholders 
whatever the principal amount of the Notes held or represented; provided, however, that Reserved Matters 
may only be sanctioned by an Extraordinary Resolution passed at a meeting of Noteholders at which 2 or 
more persons holding or representing not less than 3-quarters or, at any adjourned meeting, one quarter of 
the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes form a quorum. Any Extraordinary Resolution 
duly passed at any such meeting shall be binding on all the Noteholders and Couponholders, whether 
present or not. 
In addition, a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of Noteholders of not less than 90% of the 
aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes will take effect as if it were an Extraordinary 
Resolution. Such a resolution in writing may be contained in one document or several documents in the 
same form, each signed by or on behalf of one or more Noteholders. 
(b) 
Modification: The Notes, these Conditions, the Deed of Covenant and the Deed of Guarantee may be 
amended without the consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders to correct a manifest error. In 
addition, the parties to the Agency Agreement may agree to modify any provision thereof, but the Issuer 
and the Guarantor shall not agree, without the consent of the Noteholders, to any such modification unless 
it is of a formal, minor or technical nature, it is made to correct a manifest error or it is, in the sole opinion 
of the Issuer or the Guarantor (as the case may be), not materially prejudicial to the interests of the 
Noteholders.

--- Page 84 ---
84 
17 
Further Issues 
The Issuer may from time to time, without the consent of the Noteholders, create and issue further notes 
having the same terms and conditions as the Notes in all respects (or in all respects except for the first 
payment of interest) so as to form a single series with the Notes. 
18 
Notices 
(a) 
Bearer Notes: Notices to the Holders of Bearer Notes shall be valid if published in a leading English 
language daily newspaper published in London (which is expected to be the Financial Times) and, if the 
Bearer Notes are admitted to trading on Euronext Dublin and it is a requirement of applicable law or 
regulations, a leading newspaper having general circulation in Ireland or published on the website of 
Euronext Dublin or, in either case, if such publication is not practicable, in a leading English language 
daily newspaper having general circulation in Europe. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given 
on the date of first publication (or if required to be published in more than one newspaper, on the first date 
on which publication shall have been made in all the required newspapers). Couponholders shall be 
deemed for all purposes to have notice of the contents of any notice given to the Holders of Bearer Notes. 
(b) 
Registered Notes: Notices to the Holders of Registered Notes shall be sent to them by first class mail (or 
its equivalent) or (if posted to an overseas address) by airmail at their respective addresses on the Register 
and, if the Registered Notes are admitted to trading on Euronext Dublin and it is a requirement of 
applicable law or regulations, notices to Noteholders will be published on the date of such mailing in a 
leading newspaper having general circulation in Ireland or published on the website of Euronext Dublin 
or, in either case, if such publication is not practicable, in a leading English language daily newspaper 
having general circulation in Europe. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the fourth 
day after the date of mailing. 
19 
Currency Indemnity 
If any sum due from the Issuer or the Guarantor in respect of the Notes or the Coupons or any order or 
judgment given or made in relation thereto has to be converted from the currency (the “first currency”) 
in which the same is payable under these Conditions or such order or judgment into another currency (the 
“second currency”) for the purpose of (a) making or filing a claim or proof against the Issuer or the 
Guarantor, (b) obtaining an order or judgment in any court or other tribunal, or (c) enforcing any order or 
judgment given or made in relation to the Notes, the Issuer, failing whom the Guarantor, shall indemnify 
each Noteholder, on the written demand of such Noteholder addressed to the Issuer and the Guarantor and 
delivered to the Issuer and the Guarantor or to the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent, against any loss 
suffered as a result of any discrepancy between (i) the rate of exchange used for such purpose to convert 
the sum in question from the first currency into the second currency, and (ii) the rate or rates of exchange 
at which such Noteholder may in the ordinary course of business purchase the first currency with the

--- Page 85 ---
85 
second currency upon receipt of a sum paid to it in satisfaction, in whole or in part, of any such order, 
judgment, claim or proof. 
This indemnity constitutes a separate and independent obligation of the Issuer and the Guarantor and shall 
give rise to a separate and independent cause of action. 
20 
Rounding 
For the purposes of any calculations referred to in these Conditions (unless otherwise specified in these 
Conditions or the relevant Final Terms), (a) all percentages resulting from such calculations will be 
rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (with 0.000005% being 
rounded up to 0.00001%), (b) all United States dollar amounts used in or resulting from such calculations 
will be rounded to the nearest cent (with one half cent being rounded up), (c) all Japanese Yen amounts 
used in or resulting from such calculations will be rounded downwards to the next lower whole Japanese 
Yen amount, and (d) all amounts denominated in any other currency used in or resulting from such 
calculations will be rounded to the nearest 2 decimal places in such currency, with 0.005 being rounded 
upwards. 
21 
Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
(a) 
Governing law: The Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the 
Notes are governed by English law. Condition 4 (Status and Guarantee) is governed by Spanish law. 
(b) 
English courts: The courts of England have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute (a “Dispute”) 
arising out of or in connection with the Notes (including any non-contractual obligation arising out of or 
in connection with the Notes). 
(c) 
Appropriate forum: Each of the Issuer and the Guarantor agrees that the courts of England are the most 
appropriate and convenient courts to settle any Dispute and, accordingly, that it will not argue to the 
contrary. 
(d) 
Rights of the Noteholders to take proceedings outside England: Condition 21(b) (Governing Law and 
Jurisdiction - English courts) is for the benefit of the Noteholders only. As a result, nothing in this 
Condition 21 prevents any Noteholder from taking proceedings relating to a Dispute (“Proceedings”) in 
any other courts with jurisdiction. To the extent allowed by law, Noteholders may take concurrent 
Proceedings in any number of jurisdictions. 
(e) 
Service of process: Each of the Issuer and the Guarantor agrees that the documents which start any 
Proceedings and any other documents required to be served in relation to those Proceedings may be served 
on it by being delivered to Cellnex UK Limited, Office 132 Spaces Liverpool Street Station, 35 New 
Broad Street, London, United Kingdom, EC2M 1NH, or to such other person with an address in England 
or Wales and/or at such other address in England or Wales as the Issuer and the Guarantor may specify by 
notice in writing to the Noteholders. Nothing in this paragraph shall affect the right of any Noteholder to 
serve process in any other manner permitted by law. This Condition applies to Proceedings in England 
and to Proceedings elsewhere.

--- Page 86 ---
86 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
Set out below is the form of Final Terms in respect of each Tranche of Notes, duly completed to reflect the 
particular terms of the relevant Notes and their issue. Text in this section appearing in italics does not form part 
of the form of the Final Terms but denotes directions for completing the Final Terms. 
Final Terms dated [•] 
Cellnex Finance Company, S.A.U. 
Legal Identity Identifier (LEI): 549300OUROMFTRFA7T23 
 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
Guaranteed by  
Cellnex Telecom, S.A. 
Legal Identity Identifier (LEI): 5493008T4YG3AQUI7P67 
under the 
€10,000,000,000 
[Euro Medium Term Note Programme] 
[PRIIPs Regulation / PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA AND UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes 
are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (“EEA”) or in the United Kingdom (the 
“UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined 
in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”); or (ii) a customer within the 
meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in 
point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; [or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation]. 
Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 (the “PRIIPs 
Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA 
or in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to 
any retail investor in the EEA or in the UK may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[MIFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional 
clients only, each as defined in MiFID II; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the 
manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the “Conditions”) 
set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 3 December 2020 [and the supplemental Base Prospectus dated [•]] which 
[together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the “Base Prospectus”) for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. 
This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus 
Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus in order to obtain all the relevant 
information].

--- Page 87 ---
87 
Full information on the Issuer, the Guarantor and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the 
combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus. The Base Prospectus [is] [are] available for viewing 
on the website of Euronext Dublin at www.ise.ie [and] during normal business hours at [address] [and copies 
may be obtained from [address]]. 
[The expression “Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and 
of the Council of 14 June 2017, as amended or superseded.]1 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable” (N/A). Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs (in which case the sub-
paragraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be deleted). Italics denote guidance for completing 
the Final Terms.] 
1 
 
 
(i) Issuer: 
 Cellnex Finance Company, S.A.U. 
 
 
 
(ii) Guarantor: 
 Cellnex Telecom, S.A. 
 
2 
 
 
[(i) Series Number:] 
 [●] 
 
 
 
[(ii) Tranche Number: 
 [●] 
 
 
 
[(iii) Date on which the Notes become 
fungible: 
 [Not Applicable/The Notes shall be 
consolidated, form a single series and be 
interchangeable for trading purposes with the 
existing notes with Series number [●] on 
[[●]/the Issue Date/exchange of the Temporary 
Global Note for interests in the Permanent 
Global Note, as referred to in paragraph [●] 
below [which is expected to occur on or about 
[●]].] 
 
3 
 
 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
 [●] 
 
4 
 
 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
 [●] 
 
 
 
[(i)] [Series]: 
 [●] 
 
 
 
[(ii) Tranche: 
 [●]] 
 
5 
 
 
Issue Price: 
 [●]% of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus 
accrued interest from [●] 
 
6 
 
 
(i) 
Specified Denominations: 
 [●] 
 
 
 
(ii) Calculation Amount: 
 [●] 
 
7 
 
 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
 [●] 
 
 
 
(ii) Interest Commencement Date: 
 [[●]/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
 
8 
 
 
Maturity Date: 
 [Specify date or (for Floating Rate Notes) 
Interest Payment Date falling in or nearest to 
the relevant month and year] 
 
9 
 
 
Interest Basis: 
 [[●]% Fixed Rate] 
 
 
1 
When preparing Final Terms prepared in relation to an issuance of Notes to be listed on a non-regulated market, Prospectus Regulation 
references are to be removed.

--- Page 88 ---
88 
 
 
 
 [●][●] [EURIBOR/LIBOR/SONIA]+/– [●]% 
Floating Rate] 
 
 
 
 
 (see paragraph [[●]/[●]/[●]] below) 
 
10 
 
 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
 Subject to any purchase and cancellation or 
early redemption, the Notes will be redeemed 
on the Maturity Date at 100% of their nominal 
amount. 
 
11 
 
 
Change of Interest or Redemption/Payment 
Basis: 
 [Specify the date when any fixed to floating 
rate change occurs or refer to paragraphs [●] 
and [●] below and identify there/Not 
Applicable] 
 
12 
 
 
Put/Call Options: 
 [Investor Put] 
 
 
 
 
 [Issuer Call] 
[Change of Control Put] 
 
 
 
 
 [Residual Maturity Call Option] 
[Substantial Purchase Event] 
 
 
 
 
 [See paragraph [●] below)] 
 
13 
 
 
[(i)] Status of the Notes: 
 Senior 
 
14 
 
 
[(ii)] Status of the Guarantee: 
 Senior 
 
 
 
[(iii)] 
[Date [Board] approval for 
issuance of Notes and Guarantee] 
obtained: 
 [●] 
(N.B Only relevant where Board (or similar) 
authorisation is required for the particular 
tranche of Notes or related Guarantee) 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
15 
 
 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
 [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
 
(i) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
 [●]% per annum payable in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date 
 
 
 
(ii) Interest Payment Date(s): 
 [●] in each year 
 
 
 
(iii) Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: 
 [●] per Calculation Amount 
 
 
 
(iv) Broken amount(s): 
 [●] per Calculation Amount, payable on the 
Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] [●] 
 
 
 
(v) Day Count Fraction: 
 [Actual/Actual (ICMA/ISDA)/ Actual/365 
(Fixed)/Actual/360/30/360/30E/360/Eurobon
d Basis/30E/360 (ISDA)] 
 
16 
 
 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
 [Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 89 ---
89 
(If not applicable delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
(i) 
Specified Period: 
 [●] 
(Specified Period and Specified Interest 
Payment Dates are alternatives. A Specified 
Period, rather than Specified Interest 
Payment Dates, will only be relevant if the 
Business Day Convention is the FRN 
Convention, Floating Rate Convention or 
Eurodollar Convention. Otherwise, insert 
“Not Applicable”) 
 
 
 
(ii) Specified Interest Payment Dates: 
 [●] 
(Specified Period and Specified Interest 
Payment Dates are alternatives. If the 
Business Day Convention is the FRN 
Convention, Floating Rate Convention or 
Eurodollar Convention, insert “Not 
Applicable”) 
 
 
 
(iii) [First Interest Payment Date]: 
 [●] 
 
 
 
(iv) Business Day Convention: 
 [Floating Rate Convention/Following 
Business Day Convention/ Modified 
Following Business Day Convention/ 
Modified Business Day 
Convention/Preceding Business Day 
Convention/No Adjustment] 
 
 
 
(v) Additional Business Centre(s): 
 [Not Applicable/[●]] 
 
 
 
(vi) Manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest
is/are to be determined: 
 [Screen Rate Determination/ISDA 
Determination] 
 
 
 
(vii) Party responsible for calculating the
Rate(s) 
of 
Interest 
and/or 
Interest
Amount(s) (if not the [Fiscal Agent]): 
 [●] shall be the Calculation Agent

--- Page 90 ---
90 
 
 
(viii) Screen Rate Determination: 
  
 
 
 
 
Reference Banks: 
 [●] 
 
 
 
 
Reference Rate: 
 [EURIBOR/LIBOR/SONIA] 
 
 
 
 
Interest Determination Date(s): 
 [●]/[[●] London Banking Days prior to the 
Interest Payment Date for the relevant 
Interest Period] 
 
 
 
 
p: 
 [●]  
 
 
 
 
Relevant Screen Page: 
 [●] 
 
 
 
 
Relevant Time: 
 [●] 
 
 
 
 
Relevant Financial Centre: 
 [●] 
 
 
 
(ix) ISDA Determination: 
  
 
 
 
 
Floating Rate Option: 
 [●] 
 
 
 
 
Designated Maturity: 
 [●] 
 
 
 
 
Reset Date: 
 [●] 
 
 
 
[● 
ISDA Definitions: 
 [2006] 
 
 
 
[● 
ISDA Benchmarks Supplement: 
 [Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
 
 
(x) Linear interpolation 
 Not Applicable/Applicable – the Rate of 
Interest for the [long/short] [first/last] Interest 
Period shall be calculated using Linear 
Interpolation (specify for each short or long 
interest period) 
 
 
 
(xi) Margin(s): 
 [+/-][●]% per annum 
 
 
 
(xii) Minimum Rate of Interest: 
 [●]% per annum 
 
 
 
(xiii) Maximum Rate of Interest: 
 [●]% per annum 
 
 
 
(xiv) Day Count Fraction: 
 [●] 
 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
17 
 
 
Call Option 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
 
[●] 
 
 
 
(ii) Optional Redemption Amount(s) of each
Note: 
 
[[●] per Calculation Amount]/[Make-whole 
Amount] 
 
 
 
(iii) Make-whole Amount: 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph)

--- Page 91 ---
91 
 
 
(a) 
Reference Note: 
 
[[●]/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
 
Redemption Margin: 
 
[●] 
 
 
 
Financial Adviser: 
 
[●] 
 
 
 
Quotation Time: 
 
[●] 
 
 
 
(b) 
Discount Rate: 
 
[[●]/Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
(c) 
Make-whole Exemption Period: 
 
[Not Applicable]/[From (and including) [●] 
to (but excluding) [●]/the Maturity Date]] 
 
 
 
(iv) If redeemable in part: 
 
 
 
 
 
Minimum Redemption Amount: 
 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
 
 
Maximum Redemption Amount 
 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
 
 
(v) Notice period: 
 
[●] 
 
18 
 
 
Put Option 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
 
[●] 
 
 
 
(ii) Optional Redemption Amount(s) of each
Note: 
 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
 
 
(iii) Notice period: 
 
[●] 
 
19 
 
 
Residual Maturity Call Option 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
20 
 
 
Substantial Purchase Event 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
21 
 
 
Change of Control Put 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
22 
 
 
Final Redemption Amount of each Note 
 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
23 
 
 
Redemption Amount 
 
 
 
 
 
Redemption Amount(s) per Calculation 
Amount payable on redemption for taxation 
reasons or on event of default or other early 
redemption: 
 
[[●] per Calculation Amount]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
24 
 
 
Form of Notes: 
 
Bearer Notes: 
 
 
 
 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent Global Note which is 
exchangeable for Definitive Notes on [•] 
days’ notice/at any time/in the limited 
circumstances specified in the Permanent 
Global Note] 
(N.B. In relation to any issue of Notes which
are expressed to be represented by a

--- Page 92 ---
92 
Permanent Global Note exchangeable for
Definitive Notes in accordance with this
option, such notes may only be issued in 
denominations equal to, or greater that
€100,000 (or equivalent) and integral
multiples thereof.) 
 
 
 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes] 
(N.B. In relation to any issue of Notes which
are expressed to be represented by a
Temporary Global Note exchangeable for
Definitive Notes in accordance with this
option, such notes may only be issued in
denominations equal to, or greater that
€100,000 (or equivalent) and integral
multiples thereof.) 
 
 
 
 
 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes on [•] days’ notice/at any 
time/in the limited circumstances specified 
in the Permanent Global Note] 
(N.B. In relation to any issue of Notes which
are expressed to be represented by a
Permanent Global Note exchangeable for
Definitive Notes in accordance with this
option, such notes may only be issued in
denominations equal to, or greater that
€100,000 (or equivalent) and integral
multiples thereof.) 
 
 
 
 
 
Registered Notes: 
 
 
 
 
 
[Global Registered Note exchangeable for 
Individual Note Certificates in the limited 
circumstances specified in the Global 
Registered Note] 
 
 
 
 
 
[and 
 
 
 
 
 
[Global Registered Note [(U.S.$/Euro [•] 
nominal amount)] registered in the name of 
a nominee for [a common depositary for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg/a 
common safekeeper for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg (that is, held 
under the New Safekeeping Structure 
(NSS))] 
 
25 
 
 
New Global Note: 
 
[Yes]/[No]/[Not Applicable] 
 
26 
 
 
Additional Financial Centre(s): 
 
[Not Applicable/give details. Note that this 
paragraph relates to the date of payment,

--- Page 93 ---
93 
and not the end dates of interest periods for 
the purposes of calculating the amount of 
interest, to which sub-paragraph 15(v) 
relates] 
27 
 
 
Talons for future Coupons to be attached to 
Definitive Notes (and dates on which such 
Talons mature): 
 
[Yes/No. As the Notes have more than 27 
coupon payments, talons may be required if, 
on exchange into definitive form, more than 
27 coupon payments are left] 
 
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
[[Relevant third party information] has been extracted from [specify source]. Each of the Issuer and the Guarantor 
confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to 
ascertain from information published by [specify source], no facts have been omitted which would render the 
reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.] 
Signed on behalf of  
CELLNEX FINANCE COMPANY, S.A.U.: 
 
By: 
............................................ 
Duly authorised 
 
Signed on behalf of  
CELLNEX TELECOM, S.A.: 
 
By: 
............................................ 
Duly authorised

--- Page 94 ---
94 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1 
 
 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
 
 
 
 
(i) 
Admission to Trading: 
 
[Application has been made to Euronext 
Dublin for the Notes to be admitted to the 
Official List and trading on its regulated 
market with effect from [●].] [Application is 
expected to be made by the Issuer (or on its 
behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to 
trading on [●] with effect from [●].] [Not 
Applicable.] 
 
 
 
 
 
(When documenting a fungible issue need to 
indicate that original Notes are already 
admitted to trading.) 
 
 
 
(ii) Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission to trading: 
 
[EUR [●]] 
 
2 
 
 
RATINGS 
 
The Notes to be issued [have been/are 
expected to be] rated]/[The following 
ratings reflect ratings assigned to Notes of 
this type issued under the Programme 
generally]: 
 
 
 
Ratings: 
 
[Standard & Poor’s: [●]] 
 
 
 
 
 
[Moody’s: [●]] 
 
 
 
 
 
[Fitch: [●]] 
 
 
 
 
 
[[Other]: [●]] 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(Need to include a brief explanation of the 
meaning of the ratings if this has been 
previously published by the rating provider)
 
 
 
 
 
 
Option 1 - CRA established in the EEA and 
registered under the CRA Regulation 
 
 
 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] is 
established in the EEA or in the UK and 
registered under Regulation (EU) No. 
1060/2009, as amended (the “CRA 
Regulation”). 
 
 
 
 
 
Option 2 - CRA not established in the EEA 
or in the UK but relevant rating is endorsed 
by a CRA which is established and 
registered under the CRA Regulation 
 
 
 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] is not

--- Page 95 ---
95 
established in the EEA or in the UK but the 
rating it has given to the Notes is endorsed 
by [insert legal name of credit rating 
agency], which is established in the EEA or 
in the UK and registered under Regulation 
(EU) No. 1060/2009, as amended (the 
“CRA Regulation”). 
 
 
 
 
Option 3 - CRA is not established in the 
EEA or in the UK and relevant rating is 
not endorsed under the CRA Regulation 
but CRA is certified under the CRA 
Regulation 
 
 
 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] is not 
established in the EEA or in the UK but is 
certified under Regulation (EU) No. 
1060/2009, as amended (the “CRA 
Regulation”). 
 
 
 
 
 
Option 4 - CRA neither established in the 
EEA or in the UK nor certified under the 
CRA Regulation and relevant rating is not 
endorsed under the CRA Regulation 
 
 
 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating
agency entity providing rating] is not
established in the EEA or in the UK and is
not certified under Regulation (EU) No.
1060/2009, 
as 
amended 
(the 
“CRA
Regulation”) and the rating it has given to
the Notes is not endorsed by a credit rating
agency established in the EEA or in the UK
and registered under the CRA Regulation. 
 
 
3 
 
 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE 
ISSUE/OFFER 
 
 
 
(Need to include a description of any interest, including conflicting ones, that is material to the 
issue/offer, detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by the 
inclusion of the statement below:) 
 
 
 
[Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person 
involved in the offer of the Notes has an interest material to the offer. The [Managers/Dealers] 
and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or 
commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer and the 
Guarantor and their affiliates in the ordinary course of business. (Amend as appropriate if there 
are other interests)]

--- Page 96 ---
96 
 
 
[(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such 
matters described constitute “significant new factors” and consequently trigger the need for a 
supplement to the Base Prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation.)] 
 
4 
 
 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND ESTIMATED NET AMOUNT OF PROCEEDS 
 
 
 
[See “Use of Proceeds” section in the Base Prospectus] – [if reasons for the offer are different 
from “general corporate purposes”, please include them here] 
 
 
 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[●] 
 
5 
 
 
[Fixed Rate Notes only – YIELD 
 
 
 
Indication of yield: 
 
[●] 
[The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on 
the basis of the Issue Price. It is not an 
indication of future yield.] 
 
6 
 
 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
 
 
 
 
ISIN: 
 
[●] 
 
 
 
Common Code: 
 
[●] 
 
 
 
Delivery: 
 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
 
 
 
Names and addresses of additional Paying 
Agent(s) (if any): 
 
[Not Applicable/[•]] 
 
 
 
[Intended to be held in a manner which would 
allow Eurosystem eligibility: 
 
[Yes. Note that the designation “yes” simply 
means that the Notes are intended upon 
issue to be deposited with one of the ICSDs 
as common safekeeper [(and registered in 
the name of a nominee of one of the ICSDs 
acting as common safekeeper)] [include this 
text for registered notes] and does not 
necessarily mean that the Notes will be 
recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intraday 
credit operations by the Eurosystem either 
upon issue or at any or all times during their 
life. Such recognition will depend upon the 
ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria have been met.]/ 
 
 
 
 
 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as 
“no” at the date of these Final Terms, should 
the Eurosystem eligibility criteria be 
amended in the future such that the Notes 
are capable of meeting them the Notes may 
then be deposited with one of the ICSDs as 
common safekeeper [[, and registered in the 
name of a nominee of one of the ICSDs 
acting as common safekeeper,][include this 
text for registered notes]]. Note that this 
does not necessarily mean that the Notes

--- Page 97 ---
97 
will then be recognised as eligible collateral 
for Eurosystem monetary policy and 
intraday credit operations by the Eurosystem 
at any time during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon the ECB being 
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria 
have been met.] 
7 
 
 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
 
 
 
 
(i) 
Method of Distribution: 
 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
 
 
 
(ii) If syndicated: 
(A) Names of Dealers 
 
 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
 
 
 
(B) Stabilisation Manager(s), if any: 
 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
 
 
 
(iii) If non-syndicated, name of Dealer: 
 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
 
 
 
(iv) U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
 
Reg. S Compliance Category 2; [(In the case 
of Bearer Notes) - [TEFRA C Rules/TEFRA 
D Rules/TEFRA not applicable]] [(In the 
case of Registered notes) - Not rule 144A 
Eligible]

--- Page 98 ---
98 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds from the issue of each Series of Notes will be used for general corporate purposes of the Group. If, 
in respect of any particular issue, there is a particular identified use of proceeds, this will be stated in the applicable 
Final Terms.

--- Page 99 ---
99 
FORM OF GUARANTEE 
The following is the form of the Guarantee of the Notes executed by the Guarantor on 3 December 2020. 
This Deed of Guarantee is made on 3 December 2020 by Cellnex Telecom, S.A. (the “Guarantor”) in favour 
of the Holders and the Accountholders.  
Whereas: 
(A) 
Cellnex Finance Company, S.A.U. (the “Issuer”) proposes to issue euro medium term notes guaranteed 
by the Guarantor (the “Notes”, which expression shall, if the context so admits, include the Global Notes 
(in temporary or permanent form) to be initially delivered in respect of the Notes and any related coupons 
and talons) pursuant to an agency agreement, as amended or supplemented from time to time dated 3 
December 2020 between, among others, the Issuer, the Guarantor and The Bank of New York Mellon, 
London Branch as Fiscal Agent (the “Fiscal Agent”). 
(B) 
The Issuer has, in relation to the Notes issued by it, entered into a deed of covenant (as amended and 
supplemented from time to time, the “Deed of Covenant”) dated 3 December 2020. 
(C) 
The Guarantor has agreed to guarantee the payment of all sums expressed to be payable from time to 
time by the Issuer in respect of the Notes to the holders of any Notes (the “Holders”) issued by it and 
under the Deed of Covenant to the Accountholders (the “Guarantee”).  
This Deed Witnesses as follows: 
1 
 Interpretation 
1.1 
Defined Terms: In this Deed, unless otherwise defined herein, capitalised terms shall have the same 
meaning given to them in the Deed of Covenant and the Conditions (as defined in the Deed of Covenant). 
1.2 
Headings: Headings shall be ignored in construing this Deed. 
1.3 
Contracts: References in this Deed to this Deed or any other document are to this Deed or these 
documents as amended, supplemented or replaced from time to time in relation to the Programme and 
includes any document that amends, supplements or replaces them. 
1.4 
Legislation or regulation: Any reference in this Agreement to any legislation (whether primary 
legislation or regulations or other subsidiary legislation made pursuant to primary legislation) shall be 
construed as a reference to such legislation as the same may have been, or may from time to time be, 
amended or re-enacted. 
2 
Guarantee and Indemnity 
2.1 
Guarantee: The Guarantor unconditionally and irrevocably guarantees that if the Issuer does not pay 
any sum payable by it under the Deed of Covenant or the Notes by the time and on the date specified for 
such payment (whether on the normal due date, on acceleration or otherwise), the Guarantor shall pay 
that sum to each Holder and each Accountholder before close of business on that date in the city to which 
payment is so to be made. All payments under this Guarantee by the Guarantor shall be made subject to 
the Conditions. 
2.2 
Guarantor as Principal Debtor: As between the Guarantor, the Holders and the Accountholders but 
without affecting the Issuer’s obligations, the Guarantor shall be liable under this Guarantee as if it were 
the sole principal debtor and not merely a surety. Accordingly, its obligations shall not be discharged, 
nor shall its liability be affected, by anything that would not discharge it or affect its liability if it were

--- Page 100 ---
100 
the sole principal debtor, including (1) any time, indulgence, waiver or consent at any time given to the 
Issuer or any other person, (2) any amendment to any other provisions of this Guarantee or to the 
Conditions or to any security or other guarantee or indemnity, (3) the making or absence of any demand 
on the Issuer or any other person for payment, (4) the enforcement or absence of enforcement of this 
Guarantee, the Notes, the Deed of Covenant or of any security or other guarantee or indemnity, (5) the 
taking, existence or release of any security, guarantee or indemnity, (6) the dissolution, amalgamation, 
reconstruction or reorganisation of the Issuer or any other person or (7) the illegality, invalidity or 
unenforceability of or any defect in any provision of this Guarantee, the Notes, the Deed of Covenant or 
any of the Issuer’s obligations under any of them. 
2.3 
Guarantor’s Obligations Continuing: The Guarantor’s obligations under this Guarantee are and shall 
remain in full force and effect by way of continuing security until no sum remains payable under the 
Notes, the Deed of Covenant or this Guarantee and no further Notes may be issued by the Issuer under 
the Programme. Furthermore, those obligations of the Guarantor are additional to, and not instead of, 
any security or other guarantee or indemnity at any time existing in favour of any person, whether from 
the Guarantor or otherwise and may be enforced without first having recourse to the Issuer, any other 
person, any security or any other guarantee or indemnity. The Guarantor irrevocably waives all notices 
and demands of any kind. 
2.4 
Exercise of Guarantor’s Rights: So long as any sum remains payable under the Notes, the Deed of 
Covenant or this Guarantee, the Guarantor shall not exercise or enforce any right, by reason of the 
performance of any of its obligations under this Guarantee, to be indemnified by the Issuer or to take the 
benefit of or enforce any security or other guarantee or indemnity. 
2.5 
Avoidance of Payments: The Guarantor shall on demand indemnify the relevant Holder or 
Accountholder, on an after tax basis, against any cost, loss, expense or liability sustained or incurred by 
it as a result of it being required for any reason (including any bankruptcy, insolvency, winding-up, 
dissolution or similar law of any jurisdiction) to refund all or part of any amount received or recovered 
by it in respect of any sum payable by the Issuer under the Notes or the Deed of Covenant and shall in 
any event pay to it on demand the amount as refunded by it. 
2.6 
Debts of Issuer: If any moneys become payable by the Guarantor under this Guarantee, the Issuer shall 
not (except in the event of the liquidation of the Issuer) so long as any such moneys remain unpaid, pay 
any moneys for the time being due from the Issuer to the Guarantor. 
2.7 
Indemnity: As separate, independent and alternative stipulations, the Guarantor unconditionally and 
irrevocably agrees: (1) that any sum that, although expressed to be payable by the Issuer under the Notes, 
the Deed of Covenant or this Guarantee, is for any reason (whether or not now existing and whether or 
not now known or becoming known to the Issuer, the Guarantor, a Holder or an Accountholder) not 
recoverable from the Guarantor on the basis of a guarantee shall nevertheless be recoverable from it as 
if it were the sole principal debtor and shall be paid by it to the Holder or Accountholder (as the case 
may be) on demand; and (2) as a primary obligation to indemnify each Holder and Accountholder against 
any loss suffered by it as a result of any sum expressed to be payable by the Issuer under the Notes, the 
Deed of Covenant or this Guarantee not being paid on the date and otherwise in the manner specified in 
this Guarantee or in the Conditions or any payment obligation of the Issuer under the Notes, the Deed 
of Covenant or this Guarantee being or becoming void, voidable or unenforceable for any reason 
(whether or not now existing and whether or not now known or becoming known to a Holder or an 
Accountholder), the amount of that loss being the amount expressed to be payable by the Issuer in respect 
of the relevant sum.

--- Page 101 ---
101 
2.8 
Incorporation of Terms: The Guarantor agrees that it will comply with and be bound by all such 
provisions contained in the Conditions which relate to it. 
3 
Payments 
3.1 
Payments Free of Taxes: All payments by the Guarantor under this Guarantee shall be made free and 
clear of, and without withholding or deduction for, any taxes, duties, assessments or governmental 
charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or within Spain or any 
authority therein or thereof having power to tax, unless such withholding or deduction is required by 
law. In that event, the Guarantor shall pay such additional amounts as shall result in receipt by the 
Holders and Accountholders of such amounts as would have been received by them had no such 
withholding or deduction been required, except that no such additional amounts shall be payable: 
3.1.1 
Other connection: to, or to a third party on behalf of, a Holder or Accountholder who is liable 
to such taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges in respect of such Note or Coupon by 
reason of his having some connection with Spain other than the mere holding of the Note or 
Coupon; or 
3.1.2 
Demand for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date: in respect of any demand 
for payment made more than 30 days after the Relevant Date except to the extent that the Holder 
or Accountholder would have been entitled to such additional amounts on making such demand 
on the thirtieth such day; or 
3.1.3 
Information requested by Spanish Tax Authorities: to, or to a third party on behalf of, a Holder 
or Accountholder who does not provide to the Issuer (or the Guarantor) or an agent acting on 
behalf of the Issuer (or the Guarantor) the information concerning such Holder or Accountholder 
and its Notes as may be required by the applicable Spanish tax laws and regulations, including a 
duly executed and completed certificate from the Fiscal Agent, pursuant to Law 10/2014 and 
Royal Decree 1065/2007 of 27 July, as amended by Royal Decree 1145/2011 of 29 July, and any 
implementing legislation or regulation. 
Defined terms used in this Clause 3.1 shall have the meanings given to them in the Conditions. 
3.2 
Stamp Duties: The Guarantor covenants to and agrees with the Holders and Accountholders that it shall 
pay promptly, and in any event before any penalty becomes payable, any stamp, documentary, 
registration or similar duty or tax payable in Spain, Belgium or Luxembourg, as the case may be, or in 
the country of any currency in which the Notes may be denominated or amounts may be payable in 
respect of the Notes or any political subdivision or taxing authority thereof or therein in connection with 
the entry into, performance, enforcement or admissibility in evidence of this Deed and/or any 
amendment of, supplement to or waiver in respect of this Deed, and shall indemnify each of the Holders 
and Accountholders, on an after tax basis, against any liability with respect to or resulting from any delay 
in paying or omission to pay any such tax. 
4 
 Amendment and Termination 
The Guarantor may not amend, vary, terminate or suspend this Guarantee or its obligations hereunder unless 
such amendment, variation, termination or suspension shall have been approved by a resolution of the 
Noteholders or to comply with any mandatory requirements set forth by any regulation, directives or rules 
issued by the Spanish government or the relevant administrative authority, save that nothing in this Clause shall 
prevent the Guarantor from increasing or extending its obligations hereunder by way of supplement to this 
Guarantee at any time.

--- Page 102 ---
102 
5 
 Currency Indemnity 
If any sum due from the Guarantor under this Deed or any order or judgment given or made in relation thereto 
has to be converted from the currency (the “first currency”) in which the same is payable under this Deed or 
such order or judgment into another currency (the “second currency”) for the purpose of (a) making or filing 
a claim or proof against the Guarantor, (b) obtaining an order or judgment in any court or other tribunal or (c) 
enforcing any order or judgment given or made in relation to this Deed, the Guarantor shall indemnify each 
beneficiary on demand against any loss suffered as a result of any discrepancy between (i) the rate of exchange 
used for such purpose to convert the sum in question from the first currency into the second currency and (ii) 
the rate or rates of exchange at which such Holder or Accountholder may in the ordinary course of business 
purchase the first currency with the second currency upon receipt of a sum paid to it in satisfaction, in whole or 
in part, of any such order, judgment, claim or proof. 
This indemnity constitutes a separate and independent obligation of the Guarantor and shall give rise to a 
separate and independent cause of action. 
6 
 General 
6.1 
Benefit: This Guarantee shall enure for the benefit of the Holders and the Accountholders. 
6.2 
Deposit of Guarantee: The Guarantor shall deposit this Guarantee with the Fiscal Agent, to be held by 
the Fiscal Agent until all the obligations of the Guarantor have been discharged in full. The Guarantor 
acknowledges the right of each Holder and each Accountholder to the production of, and to obtain a 
copy of, this Guarantee. 
7 
Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
7.1 
Governing Law: This Deed and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with it 
shall be governed by and construed in accordance with English law. 
7.2 
Jurisdiction: The courts of England are to have jurisdiction to settle any disputes that may arise out of 
or in connection with this Deed and accordingly any legal action or proceedings arising out of or in 
connection with this Deed (“Proceedings”) may be brought in such courts. The Guarantor irrevocably 
submits to the jurisdiction of such courts and waives any objection to Proceedings in such courts whether 
on the ground of venue or on the ground that the Proceedings have been brought in an inconvenient 
forum. This Clause is for the benefit of each of the Accountholders and each of the Holders and shall not 
limit the right of any of them to take Proceedings in any other court of competent jurisdiction nor shall 
the taking of Proceedings in one or more jurisdictions preclude the taking of Proceedings in any other 
jurisdiction (whether concurrently or not). 
7.3 
Agent for Service of Process: The Guarantor irrevocably appoints Cellnex UK Limited, Office 132 
Spaces Liverpool Street Station, 35 New Broad Street, London, United Kingdom, EC2M 1NH as its 
agent in England to receive service of process in any Proceedings in England based on this Deed. If for 
any reason the Guarantor does not have such an agent in England, it shall promptly appoint a substitute 
process agent and notify the Holders or Accountholders of such appointment in accordance with the 
Conditions. Nothing herein shall affect the right to serve process in any other manner permitted by law.  
In witness whereof the Guarantor has caused this deed to be duly delivered as a deed on the date stated at the 
beginning. 
CELLNEX TELECOM, S.A. 
By:

--- Page 103 ---
103 
Name:

--- Page 104 ---
104 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER 
General Information 
The corporate name of the Issuer is Cellnex Finance Company, S.A.U. The Issuer is a wholly-owned subsidiary 
of Cellnex Telecom, S.A. which was incorporated in Spain on 30 October 2020 and operates under the Spanish 
Companies Act (Real Decreto Legislativo 1/2010, de 2 de julio, por el que se aprueba el Texto Refundido de la 
Ley de Sociedades de Capital) as a Spanish limited liability company (sociedad anónima unipersonal). 
Cellnex Finance is registered with the Commercial Registry of Madrid under volume 41,054 of the Companies 
Section, folio 91 and sheet M-728073. The Issuer holds Spanish tax identification number A02744209 and its 
legal entity identifier (LEI) code is 549300OUROMFTRFA7T23. 
The registered office of Cellnex Finance is at Calle Juan Esplandiú, 11-13, 28007 Madrid, Spain and its 
telephone number is +34 93 503 10 90. 
Share Capital 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the share capital of the Issuer amounts to €60,200 corresponding to 
60,200 shares, all of which are fully subscribed and paid-up, with a nominal value of €1 each and belonging to 
a single class and series. 
Major Shareholders 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer’s sole shareholder is Cellnex. 
Credit Rating 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer holds a long-term senior unsecured instrument class rating of 
“BBB-” (Investment Grade) according to the international credit rating agency Fitch Ratings Ltd. and a long-
term “BB+” with stable outlook according to the international credit rating agency Standard & Poor’s Financial 
Services LLC. 
Business 
The corporate purpose of the Issuer is the carrying out of financing activities or financing-related support 
activities in favour of the companies in the Group by means of, among others: 
(i) 
The issuance of bonds or other debt securities, as well as the entering into any banking financing, any 
other kind of financings, or the entering into any instruments with a financing purpose; 
(ii) 
the management, optimisation and channeling of monetary resources and assistance to the companies in 
the Group; and 
(iii) 
the granting of all kinds of financings, as well as granting of guarantees of any kind and nature to 
guarantee the obligations assumed by any of the companies in the Group. 
Management and Supervisory Bodies 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer is managed by a Sole Director. The Sole Director of the Issuer 
is Mr. Tobias Martínez Gimeno.

--- Page 105 ---
105 
There are no other potential conflicts of interest between any duties owed by the Sole Director to the Issuer and 
its private interests or other duties. 
Financial Information 
The Issuer has not engaged, since its incorporation, in any business or financial activities other than those 
incidental to its incorporation, matters referred to as contemplated in this Base Prospectus and matters which 
are incidental or ancillary to the above. Consequently, the Issuer does not have any financial statements as of 
the date hereof.

--- Page 106 ---
106 
DESCRIPTION OF THE GUARANTOR 
General Information 
Cellnex Telecom, S.A. (formerly, Abertis Telecom Terrestre, S.A.U.) was incorporated in Spain on 25 June 2008 
and operates under the Spanish Companies Act (Real Decreto Legislativo 1/2010, de 2 de julio, por el que se 
aprueba el Texto Refundido de la Ley de Sociedades de Capital) as a Spanish publicly listed company (sociedad 
anónima cotizada). The Guarantor is registered with the Commercial Registry of Madrid under volume 36,551 
of the Companies Section, folio 55 and sheet M-656490. The Guarantor holds Spanish tax identification number 
A64907306 and its legal entity identifier (LEI) code is 5493008T4YG3AQUI7P67. 
The registered office of Cellnex is at Calle Juan Esplandiú, 11-13, 28007 Madrid, Spain and its telephone number 
is +34 935 678 910. The Guarantor also has a corporate website (www.cellnextelecom.com) through which it 
informs its shareholders, investors and the market at large of any significant events. Neither the Guarantor’s 
website nor any of its contents form part or is incorporated into this Base Prospectus, whether by reference or 
otherwise, except as otherwise provided herein. 
The Guarantor operates under the commercial name “Cellnex”. 
Share Capital 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the share capital of the Guarantor amounts to €121,677,167.25 
corresponding to 486,708,669 shares, all of which are fully subscribed and paid-up, with a nominal value of €0.25 
each and belonging to a single class and series. All of the Guarantor’s shares are represented in book-entry form 
and the book-entry registry is kept by Sociedad de Gestión de los Sistemas de Registro, Compensación y 
Liquidación de Valores, S.A.U. (“Iberclear”), with registered office at Plaza de la Lealtad, 1, 28014 Madrid, 
Spain. 
Cellnex's shares are listed on the Madrid, Barcelona, Valencia and Bilbao Stock Exchanges (the “Spanish Stock 
Exchanges”), and are quoted on the Automatic Quotation System of the Spanish Stock Exchanges (Sistema de 
Interconexión Bursátil, SIB or Mercado Continuo). 
Major Shareholders 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, and pursuant to publicly available information, the Guarantor’s largest 
shareholder is ConnecT Due with a shareholding of 13.02%. ConnecT Due is a wholly owned subsidiary of 
Sintonia S.p.A. (“Sintonia”). Sintonia, in turn, is a sub–holding company wholly-owned by Edizione. 
In addition, the Abu Dhabi Investment Authority, directly and indirectly through Azure Vista C 2020 S.r.l. (a 
wholly owned subsidiary of Infinity Investments, S.A., in turn a wholly owned subsidiary of the Abu Dhabi 
Investment Authority), holds 6.97% of the Guarantor’s share capital and the Government of Singapore (directly 
and indirectly through Lisson Grove Investment Private Limited) holds 6.98% of the Guarantor’s share capital. 
History and Development 
In 2000 the Guarantor’s predecessor, Acesa Telecom, S.A., a company within the Abertis Infraestructuras, S.A. 
group (“Abertis”), embarked upon its journey in the audiovisual sector and in mobile radio-communications for 
security and emergency corps by acquiring 100% of the shares of Tradia Telecom, S.A.U. The Group started the 
Telecom Infrastructure Services segment in 2001 on the back of its experience in broadcasting services.

--- Page 107 ---
107 
From 2012 onwards, it started an expansion process with the acquisition of 1,000 telecommunication 
infrastructures from Telefónica Móviles, S.A. (“Telefónica”) and the acquisition of 1,854 infrastructures from 
Telefónica and Xfera Móviles, S.A.U. (“Yoigo”). In 2014, the Group started its international expansion by 
acquiring TowerCo and its portfolio of telecom infrastructures as of the time of acquisition along Italian 
motorways. Also, it deployed the first IoT network in Spain, positioning itself as a reference player in the 
construction of an “IoT Ecosystem” in Spain. 
In 2015, the Group continued its expansion in Italy, entering into an agreement with WIND Telecomunicazioni 
S.p.A., currently Wind Tre S.p.A. (“Wind Tre”) for the acquisition of 90% of the capital stock of Galata S.p.A. 
(“Galata”), over which it would obtain entire ownership in 2017. On 7 May 2015, Cellnex’s shares were admitted 
to listing on the Spanish Stock Exchanges under the symbol “CLNX” and, as a consequence of the preceding 
initial public offering, Abertis sold 66% of Cellnex’s share capital. 
In 2016, six new DTT channels began their emissions, all of which had signed contracts with the Group. Also in 
2016, the Group started its operations in the Netherlands and continued its expansion in Italy through the 
acquisition of CommsCon. That same year, the Group started its operations in France with the agreement reached 
with Bouygues Telecom and also entered into an agreement for the acquisition of the Shere Group in the United 
Kingdom. In 2016, the IBEX 35 Technical Advisory Committee approved the entry of Cellnex into the main 
stock index of the Spanish market.  
On 19 January 2017, the managers of the FTSE4GOOD sustainability index announced that Cellnex had been 
incorporated into that index. Also in the first quarter of 2017, the Group reached an agreement with Bouygues 
Telecom for the acquisition and building of additional urban infrastructures in France. Additionally, in 2017 
JCDecaux and Cellnex announced its commercial alliance in Italy and Spain to speed up the roll-out of DAS 
networks and “Small Cells” to improve the capacity and quality of 4G coverage (and 5G in the future) in urban 
areas. 
Also in 2017, Cellnex entered into a framework agreement with Iliad Italia, S.p.A. providing full flexibility for 
the MNO’s network deployment. That same year, Cellnex Switzerland acquired, from Sunrise Communications 
International S.A. (“Sunrise”) and Skylight S.à.r.l., 100% of the share capital of Swiss Towers AG (“Swiss 
Towers”), a subsidiary of the Swiss mobile operator for a total amount of €438 million, in a consortium with 
Swiss Life and Deutsche Telekom Capital Partners. Also in the second half of 2017, the Group signed a contract 
with Infracapital F1 S.à.r.l. to purchase 100% of the share capital of Infracapital Alticom B.V. (“Alticom”), owner 
of 30 sites located in the Netherlands for a total amount of €133 million. The acquisition of Alticom strengthened 
and consolidated the Group’s position among neutral telecommunications infrastructure operators in the 
Netherlands. The characteristics of Alticom’s sites are a key element to the future roll-out of 5G. The sites are 
connected to the optic fiber backbone and can host remote servers to enhance data processing and storage capacity 
to the end users of 5G-based applications which, is essential for meeting the exponentially increasing demand 
and requirements of an increasing number of people and connected objects. 
In the first half of 2018, the Group acquired from Palol Inversiones, S.L.U., 100% of Zenon Digital Radio, S.L., 
and acquired from MASMOVIL 85 sites in Spain for an amount of approximately €3.4 million. Also, during the 
first half of 2018, Cellnex Switzerland and Heliot, S.A., Sigfox’s operator in Switzerland, signed an agreement 
to roll out the first global IoT network operated in Switzerland. 
In July 2018, Cellnex reached an agreement for the acquisition of 100% of the share capital of Xarxa Oberta de 
Comunicació i Tecnologia de Catalunya, S.A. (“XOC”), a concessionary company dedicated to the management, 
maintenance and construction of the optic fiber network of the Generalitat of Catalonia, the expiration date of the 
concession being 2031. Also during the second half of 2018, Cellnex signed an agreement with Nearby Sensors 
S.L. (“Nearby Sensors”) under which the Guarantor indirectly acquired an ownership interest of approximately 
15% in the share capital of Nearby Sensors in exchange for a contribution of €0.5 million, which was increased

--- Page 108 ---
108 
in the first half of 2019 by an additional 15% in exchange for a further contribution of €0.5 million (amounting 
to a 30% ownership interest of Cellnex in Nearby Sensors’s share capital). Nearby Sensors, established in 2013, 
is based in Barcelona and its business relates to the rolling out IoT, edge computing, and the automation of IT-
OT hybrid processes (industrial IoT) that are expected to emerge with the roll-out of 5G. 
Likewise, in the second half of 2018, Cellnex reached an agreement with Bouygues Telecom to build up to 88 
strategic telecom centers in a five-year term, and to acquire up to 62 additional strategic telecom centers. These 
centers are strategic facilities with traffic concentration capabilities which will play a key role in the future 
deployment of 5G networks. As a result of the above as of 31 December 2019, in accordance with the agreements 
reached with Bouygues during the 2016 - 2018 period, Cellnex had committed to acquire and build, as applicable, 
up to 5,250 sites in France, of which 3,504 sites have already been transferred. 
In the fourth quarter of 2018, Cellnex extended the agreement between Cellnex Switzerland and Sunrise, 
including an additional acquisition of 133 sites in Switzerland for an amount of CHF 39 million (€34 million), 
which have been transferred to Swiss Towers on 1 January 2019, and also an extension of the build-to-suit project 
with Sunrise agreed in up to 75 additional sites to be built (increasing the agreement to build sites from up to 400 
to up to 475 sites). Also in the fourth quarter of 2018, Cellnex acquired from MNOs in Spain, through Cellnex’s 
fully owned subsidiary On Tower Telecom Infraestructuras, S.A.U. (“On Tower”), 375 sites for an amount of 
€45 million. 
In the first half of 2019, Cellnex, through its subsidiary Cellnex Italia, entered into an extension of the agreement 
with Wind Tre which was entered into in the context of the acquisition of Galata in 2015, through an increase in 
the build-to-suit project of up to 800 additional sites (increasing the agreement to build sites from up to 400 to 
up to 1,200), which Galata will build in a 10-year term from the 2015 agreement, with a total investment of up 
to €70 million. Also in the first half of 2019, the Group entered into an agreement with BT to operate and market 
220 high towers located in the United Kingdom for a period of 20 years (the “BT Transaction”). The 
consideration paid amounted to GBP 70 million, approximately (approximately €79 million). The agreement 
included a pre-emptive right of acquisition of Cellnex Connectivity Solutions Limited of up to 3,000 sites from 
BT during the following six years. 
Likewise, in the first half of 2019 the Group entered into a long-term industrial alliance with the Iliad 7 group of 
companies by virtue of which, through its fully owned subsidiary Cellnex France Groupe, acquired 70% of the 
share capital of Iliad 7, S.A.S., owner of approximately 5,700 sites located in France, for an estimated aggregate 
consideration of approximately €1.4 billion, and agreed to the deployment of 2,500 sites in France, in a seven-
year term (the “Iliad France Acquisition”). Moreover, within the long-term industrial alliance with the Iliad 7 
group of companies, Cellnex entered into an agreement to acquire, through its fully owned subsidiary Galata, a 
business unit containing approximately 2,200 sites located in Italy from Iliad Italia, S.p.A. for an estimated 
aggregate consideration of approximately €600 million, and has agreed to the deployment of 1,000 sites in Italy, 
in a seven-year term (the “Iliad Italy Acquisition”). Among other effects, this transaction allows Cellnex to 
strengthen its footprint in the French market as the leading independent telecommunications infrastructures 
operator with a network of dense and capillary sites that will play a key role in the deployment of 5G in France 
and also allows Cellnex to strengthen its footprint in the Italian market.  
Furthermore, in the first half of 2019 the Group also entered into a long-term industrial alliance with Matterhorn 
Telecom SA by virtue of which Swiss Towers purchased 90% of the share capital of Swiss Infra Services SA, 
owner of approximately 2,800 sites located in Switzerland for a total consideration of approximately €770 
million, and has agreed to the deployment of 500 sites in Switzerland in an eight-year term (the “Swiss Infra 
Acquisition”). Among other effects, this transaction allows Cellnex to strengthen its footprint in the Swiss 
market.

--- Page 109 ---
109 
In the second half of 2019, the Group reached an agreement to acquire 100% of the share capital of On Tower 
Netherlands BV (“On Tower Netherlands”) from its shareholders which, in turn, owns all the shares of the On 
Tower Netherlands subsidiaries, for a total consideration (Enterprise Value) of €40 million. The actual cash 
outflow for the Group in relation to this transaction was €39 million (Enterprise Value) following the 
incorporation of €1 million of cash balances on the balance sheet of the acquired subgroup. As a result of this 
acquisition, Cellnex acquired 114 additional infrastructures in the Netherlands. Also in the second half of 2019, 
Cellnex acquired 100% of the share capital of Cignal Infrastructure Limited (“Cignal”) from, amongst others, 
InfraVia Capital Partners, owner of 546 sites in Ireland and agreed on the deployment of up to 600 new additional 
sites by 2026 by Cignal, for a total consideration (Enterprise Value) of approximately €210 million paid by 
Cellnex. 
On 8 October 2019, Cellnex and Cellnex UK Limited entered into an agreement with Arqiva Holdings Limited, 
a company within the Arqiva group (the “Arqiva Group”), for the sale and purchase of 100% of the issued and 
paid up share capital of Arqiva Services Limited (the “Arqiva Acquisition”), a company to which the Arqiva 
Group has carved-out the UK telecoms towers business of the Arqiva Group following a reorganisation of assets, 
liabilities and activities. On 8 July 2020, the Group completed the Arqiva Acquisition, after all the conditions 
precedent were satisfied, and acquired full ownership of the share capital of Arqiva Services Limited, which is 
the owner of approximately 7,400 held sites and the rights to market approximately 900 sites located in United 
Kingdom. The Group paid an aggregate consideration of approximately GBP 2 billion, which was financed with 
available cash and bank financing. 
In the last quarter of 2019, Cellnex (through its fully owned subsidiary On Tower) and El Corte Inglés, S.A. 
signed a long-term strategic agreement according to which Cellnex acquired the rights to operate and market the 
connectivity infrastructure of approximately 900 buildings located mainly throughout Spain for a period of 50 
years. The acquisition price amounted to approximately €66 million. On 3 December 2019, Cellnex (also through 
On Tower) reached an agreement with Orange Espagne, S.A.U. (“Orange Spain”) for the acquisition of 1,500 
telecom sites in Spain for a total consideration (Enterprise Value) of €260 million. 
On 2 January 2020, Cellnex reached an agreement with Altice Europe and Belmont Infra Holding’s to acquire 
100% of the share capital of Belmont Infra Holding, S.A., which in turn owns all the shares of Belmont 
Infrastructure Holding, S.A. and Omtel, Estruturas de Comunicaçoes, S.A. (“OMTEL”), which currently 
operates a nationwide portfolio of approximately 3,000 sites in Portugal, for a total consideration (Enterprise 
Value) of approximately €800 million (the “Omtel Acquisition”). Additionally, Cellnex agreed to the deployment 
of up to 750 sites in a seven-year term, with an estimated investment of €140 million. As a result of the acquisition, 
Cellnex directly owns all the shares of Belmont Infra Holding, S.A. and, consequently, all the shares of its 
subsidiaries. The initial consideration paid on the closing date was €300 million cash outflow and the 
incorporation of €233 million of borrowings on the balance sheet of the acquired subgroup, which Cellnex fully 
repaid after closing of the acquisition and incorporated €43 million of cash balances. The remaining balance will 
be paid in December 2027, at the expected fair market value estimated as of the date thereof. The Group has 
financed the initial payment of this acquisition with available cash. OMTEL currently operates a nationwide 
portfolio of approximately 3,000 sites in Portugal, which becomes the eighth country where Cellnex operates in 
Europe. MEO (formerly Portugal Telecom, the incumbent MNO) is the anchor tenant of this portfolio of telecom 
sites, with whom OMTEL has signed an inflation-linked MSA for an initial period of 20 years, to be automatically 
extended for 5-year periods, on an “all-or-nothing” basis, with undefined maturity. 
On 14 April 2020, Cellnex reached an agreement with the Portuguese mobile operator NOS, SGPS S.A. (“NOS”), 
for the acquisition from Nos Comunicações, S.A. of 100% of the share capital of NOS Towering Gestão de Torres 
de Telecomunicações, S.A. (“NOS Towering”), which following a carve out operates a nationwide portfolio of 
approximately 2,000 sites in Portugal, for a total consideration (Enterprise Value) of approximately €374 million 
(the “NOS Towering Acquisition”). Additionally, Cellnex agreed to the deployment of up to 400 sites in a six-

--- Page 110 ---
110 
year term (including a build-to-suit program) and other agreed initiatives, with an estimated investment of 
approximately €175 million. The transaction was completed on 30 September 2020 after all the conditions 
precedent were satisfied. The Group has financed this acquisition with available cash and expects to finance the 
deployment of new or existing additional sites using cash flows generated by the portfolio and other internal 
resources. The NOS Towering Acquisition strengthens the Group’s industrial project in Portugal. Under the 
agreement, Cellnex and NOS as an anchor tenant have signed an inflation-linked MLA for an initial period of 15 
years, to be automatically extended for additional 15-year periods, on an “all-or-nothing” basis, with undefined 
maturity, under which NOS will continue to use the sites that Cellnex will operate, locating its voice and data 
signal transmission equipment there. 
During the first half of 2020, the Group and Bouygues Telecom reached a strategic agreement, through which 
they became shareholders of Nexloop, a newly incorporated company (49% owned by Bouygues Telecom and 
51% owned by Cellnex, although, taking into account both the signed shareholders’ agreement and the financing 
structure agreed for the new company, Cellnex will have in practice an effective right to 100% of the cash flows 
generated after debt service through 2055, subject to certain limitations, either through shareholder loan 
remuneration or through preferred dividends), that, among other things, will deploy a national optic fiber network 
in France to provide mobile and fixed fiber based connectivity and especially accelerate the roll-out of 5G in the 
country. The agreement comprises the roll-out of a network of up to 31,500 km, interconnecting the 
telecommunications rooftops and towers providing service to Bouygues Telecom (approximately 5,000 of which 
belong to and are operated by Cellnex) with the network of “metropolitan offices” for housing data processing 
centers (Edge Computing). The agreement covers the deployment of up to 90 new “metropolitan offices”. The 
estimated investment up to 2027, amounts to up to approximately €1.1 billion. As of 30 June 2020, the usual 
regulatory requirements had already been approved and the transaction was completed. Nexloop’s planned 
investments will be financed mainly via contributions made by Cellnex (through equity and shareholder loans), 
bank financing and cash flows generated by Nexloop. Bouygues Telecom is the anchor tenant of the new network 
and has signed a 30-year master agreement, renewable for 5-year periods. 
Recent Developments 
Issuance of Bonds 
The Group took advantage of favourable market conditions to lower its average cost of debt and increase its 
average debt maturity by issuing new long term instruments. 
On 14 October 2020, the Guarantor successfully completed the pricing of an Euro-denominated bond issuance 
(with ratings of BBB- by Fitch Ratings and BB+ by Standard&Poor’s) for an amount of €1,000 million, maturing 
in October 2030 and with a coupon of 1.75%. 
The net proceeds from the issuance of the above bonds are being used for general corporate purposes. 
Strategic Agreement with Iliad 
On 22 October 2020, Cellnex reached an agreement with Iliad (“Iliad”) to acquire a 60% controlling stake in a 
new Polish telecommunications tower company which will own Play Communications’ (“Play”) tower portfolio 
in Poland (the “Iliad Polish Acquisition”). The transaction is made in the context of the takeover bid that Iliad 
launched on 21 September 2020 and which is expected to be completed by the end of November 2020, in order 
to acquire Play. Once the takeover bid is completed, Play will segregate its telecommunications infrastructure 
into a newly incorporated company, in which Cellnex will hold the 60% controlling stake and which will operate 
Play’s c.7,000 telecommunications sites in Poland. The closing of the transaction is expected to take place in the 
second quarter of 2021, following the completion of the acquisition of the shares of Play by Iliad pursuant to the

--- Page 111 ---
111 
terms of its share purchase agreement, the obtaining of customary regulatory authorisations and the completion 
of the spin off of the telecommunications infraestructure. 
As a result of this agreement, Cellnex will invest c. €800 million in acquiring the 60% stake, while the remaining 
40% will continue to be owned by Play (Iliad) in line with the model that Cellnex and Iliad previously agreed for 
the sites formerly operated by Free (Iliad) in France. Cellnex expects to finance this acquisition with available 
cash. In addition, the new Polish telecommunications tower company is expected to invest up to c. €1.3 billion 
over the next 10 years in rolling out up to c. 5,000 new sites under a build-to-suit program. 
Transformational Strategic Alliance with CK Hutchison Holdings’ 
On 12 November 2020, Cellnex announced it had reached agreement with CK Hutchison Holdings’ 
(“Hutchison”) for the acquisition of Hutchison’s European tower business and assets (the “Transformational 
Strategic Alliance with Hutchison”) across six countries by way of six separate transactions (i.e. one transaction 
per country). Combined, the agreements contemplate a total headline consideration (subject to certain 
adjustments) of approximately €10 billion, of which approximately €8.6 billion will be paid in cash and the 
remaining balance in new shares of Cellnex (as a result, Hutchison is expected to own around 5% of Cellnex's 
increased share capital). 
Cellnex expects to finance these acquisitions with available cash and other liquidity instruments. 
Together, the agreements encompass c.24,600 telecommunications sites in Austria (c.4,500 sites), Denmark 
(c.1,400 sites), Ireland (c.1,150 sites), Italy (c.8,900 sites), the United Kingdom (c.6,000 sites) and Sweden 
(c.2,650 sites). For each country, closing of the relevant transaction is subject to the satisfaction (or waiver) of 
applicable conditions precedent, including regulatory clearances and shareholder approvals, as required. This is 
expected to lead to staggered closings, with closing of each transaction taking place following the satisfaction (or 
waiver) of the relevant conditions for that transaction. 
Additionally, Cellnex anticipates the further deployment of up to 5,250 new sites over the next eight years (with 
an associated investment of up to €1.4 billion including further initiatives), being expected to be rolled out c.1,100 
new sites in Italy, c.600 in the United Kingdom, c.100 in Ireland, c.2,550 in Sweden, c.500 in Denmark and c.400 
in Austria. 
In connection with the transactions, Cellnex and Hutchison have agreed to enter into inflation-linked master 
services agreements (“MSAs”) for an initial period of 15 years, with possible extensions for a further 15-year 
period and subsequent 5-year periods, on an “all-or-nothing” basis. 
Credit Rating 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Guarantor holds a long-term “BBB-” (Investment Grade) with stable 
outlook according to the international credit rating agency Fitch Ratings Ltd. and a long-term “BB+” with stable 
outlook according to the international credit rating agency Standard & Poor’s Financial Services LLC. 
Corporate Structure 
The Guarantor is the parent company of the Group, which as of the date of this Base Prospectus, is comprised of 
65 companies, including the Issuer. The Group conducts its operations through directly and indirectly owned 
subsidiaries and joint ventures. 
The following summary chart sets forth the Group’s corporate structure as of the date of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 112 ---
112 
 
Business 
General Overview 
The Guarantor’s business model focuses on the provision of services to MNOs, broadcasters and other public and 
private companies acting as a neutral infrastructure provider (i.e., by not having one or more MNOs as a 
significant shareholder). This business model is based on innovative, efficient, sustainable, neutral and quality 
management to create value for Cellnex’s shareholders, customers, employees and other stakeholders. 
The Group provides services related to infrastructure management for terrestrial telecommunications through the 
following three segments: (i) Telecom Infrastructure Services, (ii) Broadcasting Infrastructure, and (iii) Other 
Network Services. 
 
Telecom Infrastructure Services: this is the Group’s largest segment by turnover. It provides a wide range 
of integrated network infrastructure services to enable access to the Group’s telecom infrastructure by 
MNOs and other wireless telecommunications and broadband network operators, allowing such operators 
to offer their own telecommunications services to their customers.  
 
Broadcasting Infrastructure: this is the Group’s second largest segment by turnover. The Group currently 
provides broadcasting services only in Spain, where it is the only operator offering nationwide coverage 
of the DTT service (source: CNMC). Its services consist of the distribution and transmission of television 
and radio signals, the operation and maintenance of broadcasting networks, the provision of connectivity 
for media content and over-the-top (“OTT”) broadcasting services and other services. Through the 
provision of broadcasting services, Cellnex has developed unique know-how that has helped to develop 
other services within its portfolio.  
 
Other Network Services: the Group provides the infrastructure required to develop a connected society by 
providing the following network services: data transport, security and control, Smart communication 
networks including IoT, Smart Services and managed services and consulting, as well as optic fiber

--- Page 113 ---
113 
services. As a telecom infrastructure operator, Cellnex can facilitate, streamline and accelerate the 
deployment of these services through the efficient connectivity of objects and people, in both rural and 
urban environments, helping to build territories enabled by genuine Smart infrastructure services. This 
constitutes a specialized business that generates relatively stable cash flows with potential for further 
growth.  
As of 31 December 2019, Cellnex had 38,466 infrastructures (36,471 sites and 1,995 nodes), operating 21%, 
21%, 5%, 2%, 18%, 40% and 9% of the telecom infrastructures in Spain, Italy, the Netherlands, the United 
Kingdom, France, Switzerland and Ireland, respectively (source: Arthur D. Little). As of the date of this Base 
Prospectus, following completion of the Omtel Acquisition, the NOS Towering Acquisition, the Arqiva 
Acquisition and the strategic agreement with Bouygues Telecom, the Group owns and operates, respectively, 
5,000 additional sites in Portugal (operating approximately 45% of the telecom infrastructures in Portugal), 
approximately 7,400 additional sites (with the right to market approximately 900 additional sites) in the United 
Kingdom and a national optic fiber network in France of up to 31,500 km. Upon the completion of the Iliad Polish 
Acquisition and each of the transactions comprising the Transformational Strategic Alliance with Hutchison, the 
Group will own and operate approximately 7,000 sites in Poland, 4,500 sites in Austria, 1,400 sites in Denmark, 
1,150 additional sites in Ireland, 8,900 additional sites in Italy, 6,000 additional sites in the United Kingdom and 
2,650 sites in Sweden. 
Cellnex believes to be the leading neutral telecom infrastructure operator in Europe, while also being the main 
broadcasting infrastructure operator in Spain and enjoying the number one position in DTT nationwide 
broadcasting coverage. Cellnex’s commitment to operational excellence has resulted in strong commercial 
relationships with blue-chip for MNOs and TV and radio broadcasters, as well as with public administrations and 
utility companies to whom it provides its services.  
Telecom Infrastructure Services  
Overview 
Operating income from the Group’s Telecom Infrastructure Services segment was €694,248 thousand for the year 
ended 31 December 2019, which represented 67%, of the Group’s consolidated operating income for such period, 
and €582,758 thousand for the year ended 31 December 2018, which represented 65% of the Group’s 
consolidated operating income for such period. 
The Group’s backlog as of 31 December 2019 and as of 31 December 2018 for the Telecom Infrastructure 
Services segment was approximately €19,006,281 thousand and €13,350,893 thousand, respectively. 
Services 
The Group provides to its customers in Telecom Infrastructure Services coverage related services and access to 
the Group’s telecom or broadcasting infrastructures for MNOs to co-locate their equipment on the Group’s 
infrastructures, offering additional services that allow MNOs to rationalise their networks and optimise costs, 
through the dismantling of duplicate infrastructures (decommissioning) and building up new infrastructures 
(build-to-suit) in strategic sites that can offer service to one or more MNOs. These services have the aim to 
complete the deployment of 4G and 5G in the future, reduce areas with no signal coverage and extend network 
densification. The Group acts as a neutral operator for MNOs (i.e., by not having one or more MNOs as a 
significant shareholder) and other telecom operators who generally require complete access to network 
infrastructure in order to provide services to end users. 
The Group acts as a multi-infrastructure operator. Its customers are responsible for the individual communication 
equipment hosted in the Group’s telecom and broadcasting infrastructures. Revenue is primarily generated from 
customer services agreements. The Group generally receives monthly payments from customers, payable under 
long-term contracts (which in the case of anchor customers have long or undefined maturities with automatic

--- Page 114 ---
114 
extensions, unless cancelled). The annual payments vary considerably depending upon numerous factors, 
including, but not limited to, the infrastructure location, the number and type of customer’s equipment on the 
infrastructure, ground space required by the customer, customer ratio, equipment at the infrastructure and 
remaining infrastructure capacity. The main costs typically include related services (which are primarily fixed, 
with annual cost escalations) such as energy and ground costs, property taxes and repairs and maintenance. 
The vast majority of the land and rooftops where the Group’s infrastructures are located are operated and managed 
via lease contracts, sub-lease contracts or other types of contracts with third parties. In general, MNOs engage in 
the maintenance of their own equipment under their responsibility, although in some cases they may subcontract 
to the Group the maintenance of their equipment as a separate and additional service. In these cases, the 
maintenance services are usually awarded through bidding processes to companies capable of providing such 
services, such as vendors of equipment, maintenance and installation companies and other companies with 
sufficient capacity to provide the services, such as the Group itself. 
The Group has an extensive experience in DAS network solutions. The Group has deployed approximately 2,100 
DAS nodes, with a customer ratio of three MNOs per infrastructure, in venues such as stadiums, skyscrapers, 
shopping malls, dense outdoor areas, airports, underground lines and railway stations. DAS is a network of 
spatially distributed antennas connected to a common source, thus providing wireless service within a specific 
geographic area. The system can support a wide variety of technologies and frequencies, including 2G, 3G, 4G 
and 5G in the future. The Group works as a real neutral host, together with the MNOs, in order to provide the 
optimal solution for the increasing need for coverage and densification in complex scenarios. The Group manages 
the complete life cycle of the solution: infrastructure acquisition, design, installation, commissioning, O&M, 
supervision and service quality assurance. The Group also operates active equipment of the network in relation 
to the DAS nodes that Cellnex manages. 
The Group is also developing capabilities in fiber to the tower and edge computing centers infrastructure, in order 
to offer its clients the data processing capacity distributed in the network, without which the potential of 5G could 
be not achieved. As such, in 2017 the Group acquired Alticom, a Dutch company that owns a portfolio of sites 
which has data centers, in 2018 and 2019 Cellnex signed an agreement to build 88 and acquire 62 edge computing 
centers for Bouygues Telecom and in 2020 it extended the scope to build another 90 sites of such characteristics 
with Bouygues Telecom in the context of the fiber co-investment deal to roll-out a transport network (backhaul 
and backbone) connecting all key elements of the telecom network of Bouygues Telecom through optic fiber. 
Customers and Contracts 
The Group estimates, based on public information including annual reports, investor presentations and other 
published data, that it is the leading neutral operator (i.e., by not having one or more MNOs as a significant 
shareholder) of telecom and broadcasting infrastructures in Europe by number of infrastructures as of 31 
December 2019. As such, the Group’s customer base includes the main MNOs in Spain, Italy, the Netherlands, 
the United Kingdom, France, Switzerland, Ireland and Portugal, and it has close and long-standing relationships 
with some of the largest European MNOs and Spanish media broadcasting operators. 
MNOs require the Group’s services mainly to increase network coverage, optimise their operating costs and 
reduce capital expenditures and avoid any difficulties in the co-location of their networks among MNOs. 
The Group has existing MSAs and master lease agreements (“MLAs”) with the main MNOs, including 
Telefónica, Tim, Vodafone, Yoigo, Wind Tre, KPN, Bouygues Telecom, Sunrise, Iliad, Salt, Orange Spain, MEO, 
MBNL, EE and BT, and certain entities of the NOS group. Such agreements are framework agreements providing 
certain terms that govern the contractual relationships related to the Group’s infrastructures with such MNOs 
during the term of the MSA / MLA. In particular, the MSAs / MLAs specify the services that the Group provides 
and the economic terms of the agreement. In the case of smaller MNOs, the Group may enter into individual 
separate agreements negotiated ad hoc for each particular case as opposed to MSAs / MLAs.

--- Page 115 ---
115 
In general, the Group’s services contracts for co-location services with anchor customers have an initial non-
cancellable term of 10 to 20 years, with multiple renewal terms (which in the case of anchor customers have long 
or undefined maturities with automatic extensions, unless cancelled), and payments that are typically revised 
based on an inflationary index like the consumer price index (“CPI”) or on fixed escalators. The Group’s 
customer contracts have historically had a high renewal rate. In this regard, the Group has experienced a high 
renewal rate of its MSAs / MLAs with MNO customers over the last 10 years although no agreement with anchor 
customers has reached its initial term. Contracts in place with Telefónica and Wind Tre may be subject to change 
in terms of the fees being applied at the time of a renewal, within a predefined range of the last annual fee (that 
reflects the cumulative inflation over the full initial term). 
In the vast majority of cases, the service contracts with costumers may not be terminated prior to the end of their 
current term except in extraordinary cases, such as loss of a license or failure to perform by the Group. In general, 
each customer contract that is renewable will automatically renew at the end of its term unless the customer 
provides prior notice of its intent not to renew. The Group’s customers tend to renew their service agreements 
because suitable alternative infrastructures may not exist or be available and repositioning an infrastructure in 
their network may be expensive and may adversely affect the quality of their network. The vast majority of the 
contracts with the Group’s anchor customers may only be renewed for the entirety of the infrastructures and not 
for a portion thereof (“all-or-nothing” clause), none of which have been renegotiated as of the date hereof.  
Competition 
The Group estimates, based on public information including annual reports, investor presentations and other 
published data, that it is the leading neutral wireless telecom infrastructure operator in Europe by number of 
infrastructures, with presence in Spain, Italy, the Netherlands, the United Kingdom, France, Switzerland, Ireland 
and Portugal. In all countries in which the Group operates, it competes primarily against other infrastructures 
operators who provide regional co-location services. Its main competitors within this segment are Telxius, Inwit, 
TDF, Hivory, CTIL, MBNL, American Tower and Phoenix Tower. Furthermore, MNOs often operate their own 
infrastructures or share infrastructures with other MNOs. In general, it faces competition for infrastructure 
services from various companies, such as other neutral wireless telecom infrastructure owners or operators, 
including owners or operators of towers, rooftops, water infrastructures, Small Cells, broadcast infrastructures, 
or utility poles, among others. 
Broadcasting Infrastructure 
Overview 
Operating income from the Group’s Broadcasting Infrastructure segment was €235,383 thousand for the year 
ended 31 December 2019, which represented 23% of the Group’s consolidated operating income for such period, 
and €232,773 thousand for the year ended 31 December 2018, which represented 26% of the Group’s 
consolidated operating income for such period. 
The Group’s backlog as of 31 December 2019 and as of 31 December 2018 for the Broadcasting Infrastructure 
segment was approximately €234,244 thousand and €356,563 thousand, respectively. 
The Group’s Broadcasting Infrastructure segment consists of the distribution and transmission of TV and radio 
signals as well as the O&M of broadcasting networks, the provision of connectivity for media contents, OTT 
broadcasting services and other services. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, Cellnex provides Broadcasting 
Infrastructure services in Spain only. 
The provision of these services requires unique high mast infrastructures that, in most cases, only the Group 
owns, substantial spectrum management know-how, and the ability to comply with very stringent service levels. 
In Spain, the broadcast infrastructures the Group manages provide more than 99% of population coverage with 
DTT and radio, which is a combined portfolio larger than all of its competitors combined.

--- Page 116 ---
116 
The Group’s Broadcasting Infrastructure segment is characterised by predictable, recurrent and stable cash flows 
as well as by the high technical know-how that allows the Group to provide consulting services. 
Services 
The Group classifies the services that it provides to its customers as a broadcast network operator in three groups:  
1. 
Digital TV (distribution and broadcasting of DTT, DTT premium & Hybrid TV) 
The Group operates as a media distribution player throughout the entire broadcasting value chain by 
owning the infrastructures and equipment that TV broadcasters use to compress and distribute the signal 
in Spain.  
The TV value chain encompasses a wide range of contractual relationships between a highly diverse set 
of market players and from a contractual and technical point of view consists of six key steps. These 
include content production (which can be done internally or externally), content aggregation, media 
operations (i.e. programming), compression and multiplexing, signal distribution and signal transmission. 
The Group is a leading player in the latter three stages of the value chain and a growing player in media 
operations. 
The digital TV spectrum is owned by the Spanish State and is typically licensed to public TV entities for 
non-limited time periods and to the various media groups which own private TV channels for 15-year 
periods, with automatic renewal. Most of the current licenses are valid until 2025, with some of them until 
2030, with expected automatic renewal afterwards (source: CNMC). However, to the extent broadcasters 
do not own any equipment or infrastructures (and do not intend to own them), the Group acts as an 
infrastructure and network services provider to the channels, effectively being responsible for bringing the 
signal from studios to the broadcasting infrastructures and transmitting it to the end users.  
DTT’s strong position, with a screen share of 74% (as of December 2019) in Spain is expected to remain 
stable in the mid to long term as it is supported by a number of features and trends and significant 
advantages relative to other platforms: (i) it is the only TV platform to offer more than 30 channels in the 
Spanish language free of charge and with coverage of more than 99% of the population (source: Televisión 
Digital. Gobierno de España); (ii) the most popular public and commercial channels are broadcast on DTT 
(source: Televisión Digital. Gobierno de España); (iii) it is less costly for a TV entity to reach a TV 
household in Spain via DTT than via direct-to-home (“DTH”); (iv) hybrid TV services, which take benefit 
of broadband and broadcast, were launched nationally in the third quarter of 2018 and are expected to 
bring interactivity, enrich the DTT platform and yield new revenue streams for the broadcasters (source: 
Televisión Digital. Gobierno de España); (v) the diversity and the quality of the channels available are 
expected to increase with the wide adoption of new technologies keeping the DTT platform innovative 
and competitive; (vi) its superior coverage and traffic capacity; and (vii) the Spanish regulator has stated 
on numerous occasions that they are highly supportive of DTT and, to date, is working on the spectrum 
roadmap for the next decade in order to bring certainty to the broadcast industry according to the Decision 
(EU) 2017/899. 
The Group is the technological provider of the HbbTV of LOVEStv, the new audiovisual platform of DTT 
developed by the public radio broadcaster RTVE and the two large Spanish private radio broadcasting 
groups, Atresmedia and Mediaset Spain. This platform will allow the viewer to see the contents of the last 
week from the television, as well as viewing programs from the beginning even if they have already 
started.

--- Page 117 ---
117 
2. 
Radio (distribution and transmission of analogue and digital radio) 
The Group is one of the main players in the value chain of Spanish radio infrastructure. It is able to provide 
services across the whole radio broadcasting value chain. The Group distributes radio signals, both 
analogue and digital, with analogue FM being the dominant platform in Spain. Regarding the analogue 
FM radio, the Group owns and manages a network infrastructure and the necessary equipment to provide 
broadcasting services to public and private customers. The Group also hosts radio stations that want to 
self-broadcast using its infrastructure. 
The Group believes it is the largest radio broadcast operator in Spain. It broadcasts FM, AM and DAB 
services and the largest players in Spain broadcast using the Group’s infrastructures. The Group is also a 
significant provider of infrastructures to the other players although these tend to rely more on self-
broadcasting. 
3. 
Other broadcasting services (O&M, connectivity and others) 
The Group provides maintenance and connectivity services to its broadcasting customers. 
Customers and Contracts  
The Group’s customers within the Broadcasting Infrastructure segment include all national and most regional and 
local TV broadcasters as well as leading radio station operators in Spain. Some of the key customers for DTT 
services include Atresmedia, CTTI, Mediaset España, Net Televisión, Veo Televisión and RTVE. 
The DTT broadcasting contracts do not have any volume risk, they have instead stable and visible pricing of 
MUXs, are compliant with applicable regulations and contain attractive indexation terms. The main features of 
the Group’s DTT broadcasting contracts are: 
 
Medium-term contracts with high renewal rates. Complying with legal limitations, the Group usually 
enters into either 5-year or 4-year maximum term contracts. The Group has experienced a high rate of 
renewal for these types of contracts in the recent past, although price pressure from customers can be 
possible when renegotiating contracts (as it has been the case in the recent cycle of contract renewals 
the Group has just faced). 
 
No volume risk. For each MUX distributed, the Group receives a “flat fee”, as long as the conditions 
attached to the audiovisual licenses for TV channels do not change. 
 
Stable and visible pricing. The prices the Group charges to its customers are negotiated between the 
parties although the Group has to fulfil a series of regulatory requirements. In order to price its services, 
the Group uses a method which has been fully disclosed to the telecom regulator and competition 
authorities.  
 
Indexation to CPI that allows the Group to cover increases in operational costs where CPI is positive.  
The Group’s key customers for radio services include CATRADIO, Cope, Grupo Radio Blanca, Onda Cero, 
RAC1 and RNE. The Group’s contracts with radio stations typically have a term of five years and the prices are 
usually indexed to inflation. 
The main customers for the Group’s other broadcasting services (O&M, connectivity and others) include, 
amongst others, TVC, Junta de Castilla y León and RTVE. These contracts have an initial term of three years. 
Competition 
According to the CNMC, the Group is the leading audiovisual media infrastructure operator in Spain with an 
overall audiovisual broadcasting market share (TV and radio) of approximately 87% as measured by revenues as 
of 31 December 2019 (latest available). According to the CNMC, the total audiovisual broadcasting services at

--- Page 118 ---
118 
the national and regional level generated €209 million of operating income for the same period, not including pay 
TV and subsidies. The Group currently enjoys the number one position in DTT nationwide broadcasting coverage.  
Other Network Services 
Overview 
Operating income from the Group’s Other Network Services segment was €101,214 thousand for the year ended 
31 December 2019, which represented 10% of the Group’s consolidated operating income for such period, and 
€82,340 thousand for the year ended 31 December 2018, which represented 9% of the Group’s consolidated 
operating income for such period. 
The Group’s backlog as of 31 December 2019 and as of 31 December 2018 for this segment was approximately 
€162,499 thousand and €153,308 thousand, respectively. 
Services 
The Group classifies the type of services that it provides in this segment in five groups: 
1. 
Connectivity services: these services include connectivity between different nodes of the 
telecommunication networks (backhaul) of the Group’s clients and/or connectivity with its customers’ 
premises (enterprise leased lines), using radio-links, fiber or satellite. The Group also provides specialised 
leased lines to telecom operators such as MNOs or fixed network operators (FNOs), public 
administrations, and small and medium enterprises as well as companies in rural areas of Spain enabling 
high speed connectivity. 
2. 
MC&PN services: the Group operates seven regional and two municipal TETRA networks in Spain which 
are critical for the communication needs of regional governments and municipalities where the networks 
are located and a highly reliable Global Maritime Distress and Safety System (GMDSS) for the Maritime 
Rescue Service for the Safety of Life at Sea, which provides communication services to ships in distress 
and risk situations in the coastal areas around Spain. The Group also operates the Automatic Identification 
System (AIS) for the Spanish Maritime Safety Agency, an arm of the Spanish Ministry of Transport, 
Mobility and Urban Agenda. 
3. 
O&M: the Group manages and operates infrastructure (as opposed to outsourcing it to third parties) and 
provides maintenance services of customer equipment and infrastructure to the Group’s customers (other 
than its broadcasting customers that are serviced by the Broadcasting Infrastructure segment). 
4. 
Urban telecom infrastructure: the Group provides communications networks for smart cities and specific 
solutions for efficient resource and service management in the cities. 
5. 
Optic fiber: the Group uses optic fiber to connect its, or its clients’, infrastructures (macro cells, DAS and 
Small Cells) and edge computing facilities. The Group acquired XOC in 2018, a concessionary company 
dedicated to the management, maintenance and construction of the optic fiber network of the Generalitat 
of Catalonia, that also provides optic fiber capacity to Spanish telcos and to enterprises (FTTE). Please 
note that when the main customer is the public administration, and not a MNO, this business is reported 
under the Other Network Services business segment. 
Customers and Contracts 
The Group’s main customers for its connectivity services are BT, Orange, COLT and Vodafone. Connectivity 
contracts usually have an initial term of three years and the fees charged are linked to the number of circuits 
deployed and the capacity used.  
The Group serves multiple national, regional and local public entities for which it acts as a trusted supplier of 
mission critical services and infrastructure. Some of the key customers for the public safety and emergency

--- Page 119 ---
119 
networks services include the Gobierno de Navarra, the Spanish National Maritime Rescue, the Generalitat of 
Catalonia and the Generalitat of Valencia. 
The main customers for O&M services are Endesa, Vodafone and Lyntia. Although it varies depending on the 
particular service, the O&M contracts usually have an initial term from two to ten years and the fees that the 
Group charges its customers are linked to the quantity of equipment to be maintained and the particular type of 
maintenance provided.  
The key customers for the urban telecom infrastructure services are the city council of Barcelona, Red Eléctrica, 
Sigfox and Securitas Direct. Some of the customers of other services are Ferrocarrils de la Generalitat of Catalonia 
and Asco-Vandellos Nuclear Association. 
Competition 
The Group’s main competitors in the provision of connectivity services are MNOs providing wholesale access 
such as Orange, Telefónica and Vodafone. 
Within the PPDR activity, the Group’s main competitor in Spain is Telefónica’s TETRAPOL network. In the 
other services that the Group provides within this segment there is a wide range of competitors operating. 
The Group’s main competitors in the provision of O&M services and trading are Ericsson, Huawei and others.  
The Group’s main competitors in the provision of urban telecom infrastructure services are companies such as 
Indra and Telefónica. 
Employees 
As of 31 December 2019, the Group had a total of 1,610 employees.  
Legal Proceedings 
At any given time, the Group may be a party to litigation or be subject to non-litigated claims arising out of the 
normal operations of its business. The results of legal and regulatory proceedings cannot be predicted with 
certainty. The Group cannot guarantee that the results of current or future legal or regulatory proceedings or 
actions will not harm the Group’s business, prospects, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows, 
nor can it guarantee that it will not incur losses in connection with current or future legal or regulatory proceedings 
or actions that exceed any provisions that it may have set aside in respect of such proceedings or actions or that 
exceed any available insurance coverage, which may have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, 
prospects, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.  
As of the date of this Base Prospectus the material legal proceedings outstanding are summarised below and they 
all refer to antitrust and state aid proceedings where the Guarantor and Retevisión-I, S.A.U. (“Retevisión”) are 
involved. If any of these legal proceedings were not resolved in the Group’s favor, it could have a material adverse 
effect on the Group’s business, prospects, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.  
 
On 19 May 2009, the CNMC imposed a fine of €22.7 million on Cellnex (at the time, Abertis Telecom, 
S.A.U.) for an alleged abuse of dominant position in the market for transportation and broadcasting of TV 
signal in Spain, contrary to article 2 of Spanish Act on Defense of Competition (Ley 15/2007, de 3 de julio, 
de Defensa de la Competencia, “LDC”) and article 102 of the Treaty on the Functioning of the EU 
(“TFEU”). In the opinion of the CNMC, the Guarantor had allegedly abused its market power by (i) 
demanding substantial sums of money from its customers as a penalty for early termination of contracts; 
(ii) establishing contracts of excessive duration; and (iii) offering discounts if customers purchased more 
than one service. The decision also imposed on the Guarantor a duty to grant certain customers of carrier

--- Page 120 ---
120 
support services (Sogecable, Telecinco and Net TV) the right to terminate certain contracts unilaterally 
and for whatever reason, by giving three months’ prior notice. Such notice can be given both for a partial 
termination of any of the regional territories (placas regionales) or for the entire national territory. The 
Guarantor requested the deferral of the payment of the fine until the Court ruled on the matter, a deferral 
that was granted on 10 January 2010. The Guarantor also appealed the decision of the CNMC before the 
Spanish High Court (Audiencia Nacional) which on 16 February 2012 denied the appeal and upheld the 
decision on all grounds. The Guarantor further appealed the decision of the Spanish High Court to the 
Supreme Court on 12 June 2012. The Supreme Court ruled on 23 April 2015 and partially granted the 
appeal and declared that the CNMC resolution regarding the calculation of the fine was not in accordance 
with law and ordered the CNMC to recalculate it. On 29 September 2016 the CNMC issued a decision 
recalculating the aforementioned amount (€18.7 million), which was appealed to the Spanish High Court 
on 9 December 2016. Furthermore, on 4 April 2017 Cellnex filed a claim which was responded by the 
Spanish State Attorney. To date, the ruling is still pending. As of 31 December 2019, the Group has a 
recorded provision for a total of €18.7 million, increasing the one recorded as of 31 December 2018. The 
Spanish High Court has not yet issued a ruling on the matter. 
 
On 8 February 2012, the Spanish antitrust authorities imposed a fine of €13.7 million on Cellnex (at the 
time, Abertis Telecom, S.A.U.) for an alleged abuse of dominant position in the DTT-signal transport 
business in Spain contrary to article 2 LDC and article 102 of the TFEU. The alleged infringement derived 
from the Guarantor establishing margin squeezing prices for (i) wholesale access to its broadcast centers 
and infrastructures in Spain; and (ii) retail transport services for distribution of DTT signals. The Guarantor 
filed an appeal against the Spanish antitrust authorities’ decision before the Spanish High Court (Audiencia 
Nacional) on 21 March 2012 and also requested the deferral of the payment of the fine until the Court 
rules on the matter, a deferral that was granted on 18 June 2012. The Spanish High Court ruled on 20 
February 2015 and partially upheld the appeal of Cellnex. Cellnex further appealed the decision of the 
Spanish High Court to the Supreme Court on 26 May 2015. On 23 March 2018, the Supreme Court 
dismissed Cellnex’s appeal and therefore confirmed the existence of an abuse of dominant market position 
and also set out that the CNMC shall recalculate the fine. A nullity incident was filed by Cellnex before 
the Supreme Court which was dismissed on 19 July 2018. On 10 October 2018 Cellnex appealed before 
the Constitutional Court (Tribunal Constitucional) the decision of the Supreme Court. On 13 February 
2019, the Constitutional Court dismissed Cellnex’s appeal. The original bank guarantee was delivered on 
4 February 2020. Following the corresponding calculation procedure, the CNMC has ruled that the amount 
of the fine should not be amended. Cellnex has filed an appeal against such decision. With regard to these 
proceedings, Cellnex registered a provision of €13.7 million as of 31 December 2019, compared to €7 
million as of 31 December 2018. 
Moreover, and as a result of the spin-off of Abertis Telecom, S.A.U. (currently Abertis Telecom Satélites, 
S.A.U., “Abertis Telecom Satélites”) on 17 December 2013, Cellnex assumed any rights and obligations 
that may arise from the aforementioned legal proceedings, as they relate to the spun-off business 
(terrestrial telecommunications). An agreement has therefore been entered into between Cellnex and 
Abertis Telecom Satélites stipulating that if the aforementioned amounts have to be paid, Cellnex will be 
responsible for paying these fines. As of 31 December 2019, Cellnex has provided three guarantees 
amounting to €46.3 million (€32.5 million at 31 December 2018) to cover the disputed rulings with the 
CNMC explained above, in addition to the provisions recorded and referred to in the paragraphs above. 
 
On 1 October 2014, the European Commission (the “EC”) issued a decision concluding that Retevisión 
and other terrestrial and satellite platform operators had received state aid in the form of a €56.4 million 
scheme to finance the digitalisation and extension of the terrestrial TV network in remote areas of Castile-
La Mancha (a Spanish region) during the digital switch-over process and that such state aid was

--- Page 121 ---
121 
incompatible with the EU rules. The decision ordered the Kingdom of Spain through the regional 
government of Castile-La Mancha to recover the aid. On 29 October 2015, the government of Castile-La 
Mancha began an aid recovery proceeding for €719 thousand, which the Group is opposing and was 
declared lapsed ex officio in 4 July 2016. On 15 December 2016 the General Court of the European Union 
passed a ruling which dismissed the appeals. The Group filed on 23 February 2017 an appeal with the 
European Court of Justice. On 26 April 2018 the European Court of Justice has issued a judgment 
dismissing the Group’s appeal, confirming the abovementioned decision of the EC. Notwithstanding, the 
Kingdom of Spain also filed an appeal which was dismissed by the European Court of Justice on 20 
September 2018. On 26 November 2018, the government of Castile–La Mancha restarted the aid recovery 
proceeding for an amount of €719 thousand. On March and May, 2019, the government of Castile-La 
Mancha received such amount. In any case, the Group has filed an appeal against such decision. The 
Group has not recorded any provisions regarding the above decision. As of the date of this Base 
Prospectus, the amount ordered by the EC to be recovered in relation to Retevisión is €719 thousand.  
 
In 3 July 2018, the Guarantor received a notice from the Spanish authority of initiation of a tax audit for 
the concepts corporate income tax (consolidated group), corresponding to the 2015 and 2016 fiscal years, 
and value added tax, corresponding to the periods between April and December of 2015 (individual) and 
2016 (VAT group). Besides, the corporate income tax and value added tax for fiscal year 2014 and the 
value added tax for the first quarter of fiscal year 2015 are also being audited by the Spanish tax authorities 
due to the fact that the Abertis Group (former shareholder of the Guarantor) received a notice of initiation 
of a tax audit for the concepts corporate income tax (consolidated group) and value added tax (VAT group) 
for fiscal years 2014, 2015 and 2016. On 12 June 2020, the Guarantor signed “tax-assessment proposals 
in agreement” as well as “assessments with previous agreement” regarding corporate income tax 
corresponding to fiscal years 2015-2018. Regarding fiscal years 2015 and 2016, the referred tax 
assessment proposals are final. In turn, the tax-assessment proposals for fiscal years 2017 and 2018 are 
provisional given that the tax audits were limited to the verification of the income reduction derived from 
specific intangible assets. The total amount of tax due is €3,072 thousand. The Board of Directors of the 
Guarantor has estimated that the criteria applied by the tax authorities does not have a material impact on 
the years open to tax audit. Furthermore, on 9 June 2020, the Guarantor signed, in disagreement, proposals 
of tax assessments regarding value added tax. The tax-assessment proposals amount to €2,413 thousand. 
The purpose of the value-added-tax audits is the regularisation of the consideration exchanged for the 
financial activities carried out by the Guarantor and its effects in connection with the deductibility of value 
added tax. As of 30 September 2020, no final tax assessment had been issued. Nevertheless, the tax 
authorities have considered that the Group’s approach was reasonable and have expressly stated that no 
penalties should be imposed. 
Regulation 
Telecom Infrastructure Services segment 
At European level, there is a new common regulation as the European institutions agreed on the Directive (EU) 
2018/1972 of the European Parliament and of the Council, of 11 December 2018, that establishes the European 
Electronic Communications Code (the “CODE” or the “EECC”). The EECC is meant to be the framework 
regulation for the electronic communication services within the EU in the future, being ─among others─ the 
umbrella for the 5G roll-out in Europe.  
At national level, telecom acts are the laws regulating the electronic communications sector, including network 
operations (the “Telecom Acts”), and with the exclusion of services regulated by audiovisual acts (the 
“Audiovisual Acts”).

--- Page 122 ---
122 
On a general basis, Telecom Acts provide an overall framework within which operators can develop their activity 
based on the principles of transparency, non-discrimination and proportionality in order to promote free 
competition and interoperable networks and services. The Telecom Acts also regulate ─among others and 
depending on the jurisdiction─ the following aspects relevant to the development of the Group’s activity: 
 
rights of operators and deployment of public electronic communications networks, which is the general 
framework for the implementation and deployment of the networks; 
 
infrastructure and public electronic communications networks in buildings (affects the reception of 
broadcast services provided by the Guarantor); 
 
radio public domain, because the Guarantor is required to verify that its customers have the authorisation 
certificates needed to perform their activity; 
 
taxes on telecommunications; and 
 
inspection and sanction system. 
The Member States shall transpose the EECC into their national legal regimes, as Telecom Acts, by 21 December 
2020. That will mean the passing of 28 new Telecom Acts in the EU or the modification of the existing ones. 
The CODE includes a specific article regarding the need for a light-touch regulation to be applied to wholesale-
only operators. Indeed, article 80 of the EECC recognises the pro-competitive behaviour of the wholesale-only 
operators, like independent towerco’s, calling the national regulators to not regulate the infrastructure business 
and to only ask, if needed, for a fair and reasonable pricing. 
The Group is only subject to specific sector-related regulation in Portugal, where entities that hold or operate 
passive hosting infrastructure used by telecom operators must comply with Decree-Law 123/2009 (the “Decree-
Law”), according to which infrastructures shall be run as open platforms and, insofar as technically possible, 
access shall be granted to all telecom operators requesting access or use, under equalitarian, transparent and non-
discriminatory conditions. The Decree-Law also establishes a general cost orientation principle on remuneration 
which will be further developed in a regulation to be issued by the Portuguese regulator (Autoridade Nacional de 
Comunicações or ANACOM). A draft of the regulation has already been prepared and was subject to public 
consultation but its final version is still pending. 
Broadcasting Infrastructure segment 
The Broadcasting Infrastructure segment is also an “electronic communications segment” regulated by the EECC 
and the respective Telecom Acts. In Spain, it is subject to the Spanish General Telecommunications Act (Law 
9/2014, of 9 May) (the “GTA”), which is the law regulating the electronic communications sector in Spain, 
including network operations and the provision of electronic communications services and associated resources, 
with the exclusion of the services regulated by the Spanish Audio visual Communication Act referred to further 
below.  
The GTA implements the EU regulations on the matter in Spain, including, among others, (i) Directive 
2002/21/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council of 7 March 2002 on a common regulatory framework 
for electronic communications networks and services, as further amended; (ii) the Commission Recommendation 
of 9 October 2014, on Relevant Product and Service Markets (2014/710/EC) (the “2014 Commission 
Recommendation”) regarding the relevant markets of products and services within the electronic 
communications sector that are eligible for ex ante regulation pursuant to Directive 2002/21/CE; and (iii) the 
Guidelines 2002/C165/03 on market analysis and the assessment of significant market power under the European 
regulatory framework for electronic communications networks and services. 
European regulations

--- Page 123 ---
123 
In order to promote competition in the provision of electronic communications networks and services and 
following the prior European legislation, the EECC contemplates that NRAs shall carry out periodic market 
reviews consisting of three main steps: 
1. 
Relevant market definition: identify markets displaying characteristics, which may justify the imposition 
of ex ante regulatory obligations. Any market which satisfies the following three criteria in the absence of 
regulation will be subject to ex ante regulation: barriers to entry, low tendency towards competition, and 
insufficiency of ex post competition law remedies. 
2. 
SMP operators’ identification: national regulation authorities (“NRAs”) must carry out an analysis of the 
relevant markets, taking into account the guidelines set by the European regulations. Where an NRA 
concludes that there is no effective competition in a market, it must identify the operators with SMP in that 
market; and 
3. 
Imposition of ex ante obligations on the SMP operators in the market: taking into account the 
circumstances and particularities of the market, the NRA may impose the appropriate ex ante obligations to 
attempt to ensure the maintenance of an effective competition in the analysed market. 
The 2014 Commission Recommendation mentioned above identifies in its annex the markets that shall require 
an analysis by the NRAs. Those markets do not include the wholesale broadcasting transmission services, 
identified as “Market 18” (a market in which the Guarantor operates), as it was excluded from those that, prima 
facie, require an analysis of the NRAs by the prior recommendation on this matter issued by the Commission 
(Recommendation 2007/879/EC of 17 December 2007, the “2007 Commission Recommendation”). To reach 
this conclusion the 2007 Commission Recommendation argued that: 
 
significant changes were underway, with greater competition between platforms due to the transition from 
analogue to digital TV; 
 
certain obligations could solve platform accessibility problems that certain TV channels could face, so that 
ex ante regulation was no longer necessary; and 
 
the NRAs have the power to impose infrastructure sharing obligations without regulating the market. 
In any case, NRAs maintain the capacity to apply the three criteria test established in the European regulations 
to any electronic communications market in order to assess whether, on the basis of national circumstances, a 
market not included in the 2014 Commission Recommendation might nonetheless still be subject to ex ante 
regulation in a particular Member State of the EU. 
The GTA contains the standards to carry out market reviews under the terms described therein.  
Definition and market analysis of the television broadcasting transmission service 
Prior reviews of Market 18 declaring the Guarantor an SMP operator 
The CMT (before the creation of the CNMC) conducted three reviews of the Market 18, the audio visual market 
according to Commission Recommendations, that were approved in 2006, 2009 and 2013. 
In its resolutions of the Market 18, the market for broadcasting transmission services by terrestrial waves was 
defined as that which “includes technical activities consistent in making available audio visual content produced 
by broadcasters to the public through telecommunication services as a distribution channel by means of 
terrestrial waves”. Additionally, it geographically distinguished the following markets: (i) one national market; 
(ii) 19 regional markets corresponding to each of the territories of the autonomous communities and autonomous 
cities; and (iii) 291 local geographical markets defined in terms of boundaries contained in the technical television 
plan.

--- Page 124 ---
124 
The CMT concluded in its resolutions that the market was non-competitive, susceptible to ex ante regulation and 
therefore imposed certain obligations on Cellnex due to its deemed condition of being an SMP operator. 
The CMT considered that there were certain high and non-transitory barriers to market entry in the broadcasting 
transmission services market mainly because (i) sunk costs were particularly relevant in the market; (ii) there 
were significant economies of scale that allow the historical operators to obtain relevant reductions in average 
unit costs; (iii) the service required an infrastructure that is not easily reproducible and under which no alternative 
supply is available; and (iv) the existence of legal obstacles to the occupation of the public domain for the 
installation of networks. 
Latest review of Market 18 introducing flexibility to the obligations imposed to the Guarantor as an SMP operator 
On 6 October 2018, the CNMC published a public consultation process to analyse and carry out a further review 
(the fourth) of the television broadcasting transmission market. With this new process, the CNMC aimed at 
maintaining the Guarantor’s status as SMP operator while advocating for a more flexible regulatory framework 
to foster the number of agreements to access the Guarantor’s infrastructure and, thus, increasing the number of 
alternative suppliers for broadcasters. In particular, the proposal aimed (i) to replace the cost-oriented pricing 
obligation by an obligation to set reasonable prices for access; (ii) to make equally available the access to co-
location and interconnection to the Guarantor’s infrastructures; and (iii) to remove the obligation to publish the 
Reference Offer for Access to Issuers Sites of Cellnex (Oferta de Referencia para el Acceso a los Centros 
emisores de Cellnex). 
After completion of the public consultation process on 7 November 2018 and receipt of observations or 
suggestions from any third-party during such public consultation process, the CNMC published on 17 July 2019 
its Resolution approving the definition and analysis of the wholesale market for the television broadcasting 
transmission service (Market 18/2003) and notified to the European Commission and the European Electronic 
Communications Regulators Entity (“CNMC Resolution 2019”). The CNMC Resolution 2019 entered into force 
the day after its publication in the Spanish National Official Gazzette (Boletín Oficial del Estado), i.e. 25 July 
2019.  
The CNMC Resolution 2019 maintains the Guarantor’s status as SMP operator but introduces some flexibility in 
the main obligations imposed on the Guarantor as briefly described herein below: 
 
Access to other operators. Obligation to provide access to the Guarantor’s national network of 
broadcasting centers to other operators. Generic obligation of access to the Guarantor’s sites which are 
part of its DTT broadcasting network, by virtue of which the Guarantor will have to negotiate in good 
faith the access of third-party operators to its centers, either in co-location and interconnection modes, 
making equally available the access through both systems to Guarantor’s infrastructure. The Guarantor 
shall not limit access based on the use to be made of its centers or the technology to be used by the 
alternative operator, as far as the service to be provided consists on the broadcasting of television signals 
or any related services such as transportation.  
 
Non-discrimination. The Guarantor shall apply equivalent conditions under similar circumstances to other 
operators that provide equivalent services. The Guarantor shall also provide to third parties services and 
information of the same quality as those provided for its own services or to its affiliates, as well as to other 
third-party operators. 
 
Transparency. The Guarantor shall provide to third parties a reference offer for the provision of the 
wholesale service, which must be sufficiently detailed in order to ensure that payment is not required for 
resources that are not necessary for the service at stake. If the Guarantor modifies the offer, it shall inform 
the CNMC. The CNMC may require the introduction of changes in the reference offer, according to article 
69.2 of the EECC and article 7.3 of the Royal Decree 2296/2004, of 10 December, approving the

--- Page 125 ---
125 
Regulation on electronic communications markets, network access and numbering (Real Decreto 
2296/2004, de 10 de diciembre, por el que se aprueba el Reglamento sobre mercados de comunicaciones 
electrónicas, acceso a las redes y numeración). 
 
Price Control. The Guarantor is subject to four obligations related with price control: (i) replacement of 
the cost-oriented pricing obligation by an obligation to set reasonable prices for the provision of access 
services; in no case those prices shall be excessive or result in an operating margin squeeze preventing the 
entry of an efficient operator into the market; in order to determine whether prices are reasonable, CNMC 
will take into account the prices charged by the Guarantor to broadcasters for the provision of the 
broadcasting service under comparable conditions and the additional costs to co-location and 
interconnection services that an operator must incur in providing the broadcasting service to a broadcaster; 
(ii) notwithstanding the suppression of the cost-oriented pricing obligation, the cost accounting and 
separate accountability obligations remain as a source of ancillary information for the regulator in order 
to determine whether Cellnex´s prices are reasonable; (iii) obligation to publish the prices for the access 
services and their modifications in the reference offer; and (iv) obligation to communicate to the CNMC 
the contracts with the broadcasters at a national level, and any amendment to those already in force. 
The GTA regulation 
In general, any natural or legal person who wants to provide services in the electronic communications market 
must obtain the appropriate authorisation certificate. Each country manages their own certificates and has a sort 
of registry for operators. The Guarantor holds the necessary authorisation certificates for the transmission services 
of signals using the radio spectrum (the only service offered by the electronic communications market) and it is 
registered where it is necessary. 
The spectrum used by wireless telecom networks (such as FM, DTT, mobile or PDDR, among others) is a scarce 
resource that is managed and controlled by the competent organisations of the public administration in each 
country. Specifically, although the allocation of the different uses of the spectrum is governed by general 
principles applicable at the European and international level, Member States are responsible for setting the 
frequency bands authorised for each of the applications. Specifically, in Spain the Spanish Secretary of State for 
the Telecommunications and Digital Infrastructures (Secretaría de Estado de Telecomunicaciones e 
Infraestructuras Digitales or “SETID”) is responsible for this, ARCEP in France, OFCOM in the UK or AGCOM 
in Italy for instance. The frequency allocation is performed in the National Frequency Allocation Tables, 
determining which frequencies are valid for each of the applications and the technical conditions of use thereof. 
The appropriate authorisation certificates required for the use of the radio spectrum for radio and television 
broadcast are not held by Cellnex and are held by its clients (i.e. the different operators that provide final telecom 
services such as TV broadcasters, FM/AM radio broadcasters, etc.). The Guarantor is required to verify that its 
clients have those authorisation certificates prior to providing transmission and broadcasting service of the signal. 
Audio visual broadcasting services regulation 
At the EU level, Directive 2010/13/EU on the coordination of certain provisions laid down by law, regulation or 
administrative action in Member States concerning the provision of audio visual media services (the “Audio 
visual Media Services Directive”), as amended by Directive (EU) 2018/1808 of the European Parliament and 
the Council, approved on 14 November 2018 (the “Directive 2018/1808”) (jointly, the “AVMSD”) is meant to 
be the framework for the audio visual services for the coming years, and will be the umbrella for the broadcasters 
business. The Member States shall transpose the AVMSD into their national legal regimes by 19 September 2020 
and that would mean new Audiovisual Acts in most of the European countries or the modification of the existing 
ones.

--- Page 126 ---
126 
In Spain, the Spanish Audio visual Communication Act (Law 7/2010, of 31 March) (the “ACA”), which 
implemented the Audio visual Media Services Directive (and which will have to be modified or superseded by a 
new Audio visual Act in order to implement Directive 2018/1808), states that radio and audio visual broadcasting 
services are general interest services in Spain that can generally be provided in a competitive environment by 
anybody, subject to prior notice to SETID, and only subject to the constraints derived from the limitations of the 
spectrum and the protection of the interests of citizens. The audiovisual media services provided by the Spanish 
Government, however, are considered a public service. 
The prior regime based on administrative concessions was substituted by a license regime. Services requiring the 
use of radio spectrum will have to follow a tender process to obtain the relevant licenses. These licenses generally 
have terms of 15 years, with renewal mechanisms. The civil radio spectrum allocated to each DTT operator 
consists of a specific bandwidth that allows them to broadcast one or more channels within a digital MUX. For 
audio visual content to reach viewers, DTT operators need a broadcast network that carries the DTT signal from 
the DTT operators at production centers. This broadcast network consists of a series of transmitters and relay 
stations where the transmission systems, infrastructure telecommunications equipment, power cables, air 
conditioning and other equipment which are installed to enable the DTT signal to be carried. 
Audio visual licenses granted to national DTT broadcasters in Spain require nearly complete coverage on 
population basis: a 96% population coverage requirement for commercial operators and a 98% population 
coverage requirement for public operators. 
Digital Dividend and UHF Band 
The analogue switch-off (ASO) and the implementation of DTT in Spain were completed in April 2010. As a 
consequence of its successful implementation and due to the DTT providing higher spectrum efficiency (more 
and better services in less spectrum), the 800MHz band was allocated to mobile services on the so-called Digital 
Dividend process which was completed on 2015. A second Digital Dividend, the 700MHz band, is envisaged for 
2020 (plus 2 years depending on the country) in all Europe. A third Digital Dividend is not expected to take place 
in the foreseeable future as per the Decision (EU) 2017/899 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 17 
May 2017, on the use of the 470-790 MHz frequency band in the Union (the “UHF Decision”), by which the EU 
ensures the allocation of the remaining spectrum for broadcasting services until, at least, 2030. 
First Digital Dividend, 800MHz band 
The National Technical Plan for DTT was approved by the Royal Decree 805/2014, of 19 September. Among 
other matters, this new Technical Plan allowed the release of the so-called “Digital Dividend”, so that the 800 
MHz band used by DTT was made available from March 2015 to mobile operators which were awarded the 
frequencies through auctions conducted in 2011. As a consequence of the reallocation of the frequencies, the 
number of MUXs available for DTT service was reduced from eight to seven at national level and, on a general 
basis, from two to one at regional level. 
On 17 April 2015, the Spanish government approved a resolution published in the Spanish Official Gazette on 18 
April 2015 stating the basis for a public tender for the award of six new DTT national licenses: two standard 
definition (SD) channels (one on the RGE2 MUX and the other on the MPE4 MUX), and three high definition 
(HD) channels within a new MPE5 MUX. The licenses were awarded to: Grupo Secuoya, Kiss and 13TV (SD 
licenses) and Mediaset, Atresmedia and Real Madrid (HD licenses). These new channels began their emissions 
in April 2016. 
Second Digital Dividend, 700MHz band 
The World Radio Communication Conference 2015 (WRC 2015) held in Geneva during November 2015 made 
important decisions on the UHF band:

--- Page 127 ---
127 
 
700MHz band (694 – 790MHz): the WRC15 agreed on the technical details in order to be used by 
electronic communication services and defined the co-primary allocation of the band to broadcast and 
mobile services. 
 
Sub 700MHz band (470 – 694MHz): the WRC15 agreed on keeping the primary use of the band for DTT 
and to avoid any new debate about the use of the band until the World Radio Communication Conference 
to be celebrated in 2023. 
After the WRC Decision and several years of debate, the EU made its choice as per the mentioned UHF Decision 
setting up the spectrum usage until 2030: 
 
700MHz band (the second Digital Dividend): Member States shall allow by 30 June 2020 the use of the 
700 MHz frequency band for terrestrial systems capable of providing wireless broadband electronic 
communications services only under harmonised technical conditions established by the EC. Member 
States may, however, delay allowing the use of the 700 MHz frequency band for up to two years on the 
basis of one or more of the duly justified reasons set out in the EC’s decision. 
 
Sub 700MHz band: Member States shall ensure availability at least until 2030 of the sub-700 MHz 
frequency band for the terrestrial provision of broadcasting services, including free television, and for the 
use by wireless audio PMSE (programme-making and special events) on the basis of national needs, while 
taking into account the principle of technological neutrality. Member States shall ensure that any other use 
of the sub-700 MHz frequency band on their territory is compatible with the national broadcasting needs 
in the relevant Member State and does not cause harmful interference to, or claim protection from, the 
terrestrial provision of broadcasting services in a neighbouring Member State.  
In addition, no later than 30 June 2018, Member States were requested to adopt and publish their respective 
national plan and schedule (“national roadmap”), including detailed steps for fulfilling their obligations as set out 
above. Member States had to draw up their national roadmaps after consulting all relevant stakeholders. 
The Spanish government published on 29 June 2018 its national roadmap for the liberalisation of the second 
Digital Dividend after several public consultations, which was originally expected to conclude by 30 June 2020, 
following the EU calendar. A massive consensus among relevant stakeholders (including both the 
telecommunication and broadcasting sectors) on the need for a non-disruptive transition and on keeping the DTT 
competitively by ensuring the current number of MUXs, drove the process. Among the main milestones of the 
roadmap calendar, it was declared that several legal instruments were to be approved by the end of 2018 in order, 
among others, to approve the new National Technical Plan for DTT, and to approve a compensation regime for 
the costs of adaptation of reception facilities to new frequencies and to compensate the forced updates in 
broadcasters’ transmission equipment. 
As a consequence, on 21 June 2019, the Spanish government passed Royal Decree 391/2019 approving the new 
National Technical Plan for DTT and the regulation of certain aspects of the liberalisation of the second Digital 
Dividend.  
This Royal Decree regulates how the 700 MHz band will be liberalized and how the radio-electric channels and 
the new digital MUXs will be distributed among the Spanish Public Radio and Television Corporation and other 
license holders, obligations of minimum range of reception and the technical specifications that the television 
services have to meet. The current number of MUXs (and their coverages) on the sub 700MHz band will be 
maintained, as well as the offer of DTT channels. The Royal Decree also states that the 700 MHz band shall not 
be used by audio visual communication service providers by 30 June 2020, in order to make it available for the 
5G mobile services from that date onwards. The Royal Decree further establishes that the sub-700 MHz will 
continue to be used for television broadcasting until, at least, 2030.

--- Page 128 ---
128 
On the same date, the Spanish government approved the Royal Decree 392/2019, which regulates the direct 
granting of subsidies to compensate the costs in the reception of or access to television audio visual 
communication services in buildings, as a consequence of the liberalization of frequency bands in the range 694-
790 MHz (the second Digital Dividend).  
The subsidies are granted to homeowners associations and will be affected to compensate for costs and 
investments arising from the necessary actions in order to ensure the reception of or the access to the television 
communication services in buildings affected by the liberalization of the second Digital Dividend. The 
abovementioned actions have to respect the principle of technological neutrality, in a way that does not favor a 
particular platform. The beneficiaries may choose any available technology allowing reception of or access to the 
audio visual television services in the affected buildings. The concession of the subsidies will be carried out by 
the public entity Red.es and will be made by a direct concession procedure, in view of the exceptional nature of 
the process of liberalization of the second Digital Dividend, involving the relocation of numerous public and 
private television channels, and the existence of reasons of public and social interest consisting in avoiding the 
loss of access to the television services for a part of the Spanish population, until the adaptation of their reception 
equipment is completed.  
A few months later, the Spanish government passed Royal Decree 579/2019, of 11 October, which regulates the 
direct granting of subsidies to public audio visual television service providers at national and regional levels, for 
the purpose of compensating the costs arising from the simultaneous and transitory emission of their tv channels 
during the process of liberalization of the second Digital Dividend. 
This Royal Decree (i) declares as service of general economic interest the simultaneous and transitory 
broadcasting by public audio visual television service providers of their channels in the frequencies affected by 
the second Digital Dividend and, as a consequence, (ii) grants subsidies, of up to €10 million, to compensate the 
costs arising from the simulcast during the transitory period.  
Due to the sanitary crisis caused by the Coronavirus Pandemic, the Spanish government declared the state of 
alarm by means of Royal Decree 463/2020, of 14 March. In this context, the government decided to temporarily 
postpone (not suspend) the execution of the pending phases for the implementation of the liberalisation of the 
second Digital Dividend. As explained by the Ministry of Economic Affairs and Digital Transformation, in a 
press note released on 30 March 2020, the above measures had been communicated to the European Commission. 
Notwithstanding the above, due to the ending of the state of emergency on 21 June 2020, the Spanish Council of 
Ministers of 23 June 2020 approved the Royal Decree-Law 23/2020, by means of which the deadline for the 
implementation of the release of the second Digital Dividend was extended until 31 October 2020. 
In line with the above, the Spanish government published in June 2020 a reviewed version of its national roadmap 
for the liberalisation of the second Digital Dividend and announced (i) the duly amendment of the regulations in 
force to adapt them to new deadline of 31 October 2020; (ii) the maintenance of the simulcast emissions 
(simultaneous emission of a TV channel through the new and old frequencies) until 30 September 2020 in order 
to facilitate the adaptation of users’ facilities to the reception of the new planned frequencies; and (iii) the setting 
of the bidding for the allocation of 700Mhz frequency bands for 5G services on the first trimester of 2021. 
Hence, the Spanish government approved on 28 July 2020 the Royal Decree 707/2020, which extended the 
deadlines established in Royal Decree 392/2019 and in Royal Decree 579/2019. In particular and respectively, 
the deadline for applying for the subsidy was extended until 31 December 2020 and the compensation period for 
the simulcast emissions of public audio-visual television service providers’ tv channels during the process of 
liberalisation was extended until 30 September 2020.  
On the same day and in parallel, the Spanish government also approved Royal Decree 706/2020, which 
established a new set of subsidies to compensate for the costs incurred by private operators as a result of the 
changes to be made to transmission equipment to adapt it to the new frequencies. This Royal Decree (i) recognises

--- Page 129 ---
129 
the public and social interest in preventing the loss of access to the broadcasting service by part of the Spanish 
population until the adaptation of the reception equipment of private audiovisual television service providers is 
completed and, as a consequence, (ii) grants subsidies, of up to €10 million.  
Thanks to the effort of all Spanish broadcasting sector and after more than one year of intensive works, the second 
Digital Dividend ended last 31 October 2020 having achieved all its objectives, including minimizing the impact 
for citizens. 
Other Network Services segment 
The activities undertaken by the Group in its Other Network Services segment are not subject to specific sector-
related regulation. 
Competition Law 
Practices restricting competition are prohibited in the EU under applicable competition regulations. Such 
practices include, among others, (i) the abuse of a dominant position, and (ii) prohibited collusive agreements or 
concerted practices. 
The prohibition of competition-restricting practices is the result of both EU and national law. European and 
national competition laws (articles 101 and 102 of the TFEU and articles 1 and 2 of the LDC, as well as 
implementing regulations) regulate these practices in a similar manner. In general, EU laws regulate any 
prohibited practices that may affect trade between Member States, and national laws regulate practices that have 
a domestic effect. 
If the relevant competition authorities (generally the EC on the European level, and the national competition 
authority in each relevant Member State on the national level, as well as, in the case of Spain, certain regional 
authorities in their jurisdictions) determine that a company has abused its dominant position or is party to a 
prohibited agreement, they may order the Guarantor to cease such anticompetitive practices and/or impose 
sanctions which may include fines. Fines imposed by the EC are computed on the basis of the revenues obtained 
in the affected market by the offending company and capped at 10% of the total consolidated revenues obtained 
by the group of the offending company (companies sharing a common control structure) in the year preceding 
the decision. In the case of Spain, fines imposed by the CNMC or the regional authorities are computed as up to 
a 10% of the total consolidated revenues obtained by the offending company in the year preceding the decision 
(in case of an anticompetitive agreement or concerted practice between competitors or an abuse of dominance by 
a monopolist or quasi-monopolist or a company enjoying special rights) or up to 5% (in case of an anticompetitive 
agreement or concerted practice between non-competitors or other instances abuse of dominance). 
Actions constituting abuse of a dominant position, or any clauses in agreements prohibited by the competition 
regulations, are void and therefore not enforceable. Engaging in competition-restricted practices may trigger the 
filing of civil claims by third parties that suffered an economic loss as a result thereof.  
The competition regulations prohibit as especially serious infringements any agreement or concerted practice 
between competitors aimed at price fixing, either directly or indirectly, or other relevant commercial conditions, 
limiting production, allocation of markets or customers, or boycott to third parties. 
The competition regulations also prohibit certain practices in connection with the supplier-customer relationship. 
In this case, there are no absolute prohibitions (other certain hardcore restrictions related to the fixing of resale 
prices and limits as to where or to whom the customer may resale the products) as they depend on the market 
share of the parties, duration of the clauses and characteristics of the restrictions of competition. 
Regarding the abuse of a dominant position, the Guarantor must enjoy a dominant position in the market affected 
by the practice as a pre-condition. Thus, before examining whether a specific conduct is abusive, it is necessary 
to determine the relevant market and the Guarantor’s position in such market. Defining the relevant market is of

--- Page 130 ---
130 
great importance because it determines the Guarantor’s position in the market. This definition must be done from 
two perspectives: product/service and geographical. It is therefore crucial to assess the substitutability between 
goods and services and the homogeneity of competition conditions between regions. 
A dominant position is defined as a position of economic or commercial strength that enables a party to behave 
independently of its suppliers, competitors and customers. There is no legal definition of dominant position under 
EU and national regulations, however there are different criteria that are used to assess whether such a position 
exists or not. The main such criterion is market share which gives an indication of the existence of dominance. 
In this regard, market shares below 40% entail a presumption that there is no dominance. In any event, the 
particular circumstances applicable to each case should be carefully analysed. 
Abuse may take different forms. Article 102 of the TFEU and its national equivalent list the most important: (i) 
application of non-equitable prices or other trading conditions or services; (ii) limiting production, distribution 
or technical development to the unreasonable detriment of companies or consumers; (iii) unjustified refusal to 
satisfy purchases of products or services demands; (iv) applying discriminatory conditions to commercially 
equivalent situations, which places some competitors at a disadvantage compared to others; or (v) the 
subordination of certain services to contracting others that are not related to them. 
As per the nature of its business, the sharing of infrastructures, the behavior of Cellnex is to promote competition, 
especially given that the fast and efficient roll-out of the upcoming 5G technology is a cross-cutting key priority 
for the EC in order to ensure the European industry’s competitiveness in an increasingly digital society.  
In this regard, recent European developments on the telecom and infrastructures markets are pointing to the 
benefit of the citizen and the roll-out of telecom networks acquiring a more prominent role as legal interests that 
deserve being protected by means of competition regulations enforcement. So, more attention to efficiencies that 
actually benefit telecom customers in the competition and regulatory examinations might be expected (as for 
instance in the EC’s decision of 6 March 2020, case M.9674 Vodafone Italia/TIM/INWIT JV and the General 
Court of the EU’s judgement of May 28, 2020, case T-399/16 CK Telekoms UK Investments v Commission). 
Board of Directors of the Guarantor 
The Guarantor’s Bylaws provide for a Board of Directors consisting of between 4 and 13 members. The Board 
of Directors of the Guarantor currently consists of 12 Directors, although there are currently two vacancies. The 
composition of the Board of Directors of the Guarantor as of the date of this Base Prospectus and the status of its 
members in accordance with the provisions of the Bylaws and the Board of Directors regulations (Reglamento 
del Consejo de Administración or “Board of Directors Regulations”) of the Guarantor are shown below: 
 
Name 
 
Nature 
 
Title 
 
Principal activities outside the Guarantor  
 
Mr. Franco Bernabè 
 
Proprietary 
 
Chairman 
 
Senior advisor to Barclays Bank. 
 
Mr. Tobías Martínez Gimeno 
 
Executive 
 
Chief Executive 
Officer 
 
N/A 
 
Mr. Bertrand Boudewijn Kan 
 
Independent 
 
Vice Chairman 
 
Among other responsibilities, he is currently a 
chairman of the Advisory Board of Wadhwani 
Asset Management and of the Supervisory 
Board of UWC Netherlands. 
 
Mr. Giampaolo Zambeletti 
 
Independent 
 
Coordinating 
Director 
 
Vice-President of Unidad Editorial S.A. 
 
Mr. Pierre Blayau 
 
Independent 
 
Director 
 
President of CCR (Caisse Centrale de 
Reassurance), 
member 
of 
the 
Strategic 
Committee of SECP (Canal+ Group), Censor of

--- Page 131 ---
131 
Name 
 
Nature 
 
Title 
 
Principal activities outside the Guarantor  
 
FIMALAC, Senior Advisor of Bain & 
Company and Chairman of Harbour Conseils. 
Ms. Anne Bouverot 
 
Independent 
 
Director 
 
Chairperson of the Board of Technicolor, as 
well as Senior Advisor of TowerBrook Capital 
Partners, Board director at Capgemini and 
Edenred and Chairperson of Foundation 
Abeona. 
 
Ms. Concepción del Rivero Bermejo 
 
Independent 
 
Director 
 
Non-executive Chairperson of Pentacom and a 
Board member of Gestamp Automoción S.A., 
member of the advisory boards of the Mutual 
Society of Lawyers and of the “Made in 
Mobile” technology incubator and a member of 
the Board of the Spanish Directors Association 
(AED). She is also Vice-President of the 
International Women’s Forum Spain and 
member of the Women Corporate Directors 
Foundation in Spain. 
 
Ms. María Luisa Guijarro Piñal 
 
Independent 
 
Director 
 
Board member of Adamo Telecom Iberia, S.A. 
and Adamo Telecom, S.L. 
 
Mr. Christian Coco 
 
Proprietary 
 
Director 
 
Director of Industrial Investments at Edizione 
Srl, director of the companies of Grupo 
Edizione, Benetton Srl and CEO of ConnecT 
Due, as well as non-executive Chairman of 
Benetton Group Srl. 
 
Mr. Leonard Peter Shore 
 
Independent 
 
Director 
 
N/A 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Mr. Jaime Velázquez Vioque is Secretary Non-Director of the Board of Directors, and Ms. Virginia Navarro 
Virgós is Vice-Secretary Non-Director of the Board of Directors. 
The business address of the Guarantor’s Directors and senior managers is currently Juan Esplandiú 11-13, 28007, 
Madrid, Spain. 
During the financial year ended 31 December 2019, the Board of Directors held 17 meetings. Since the beginning 
of the current year and until the date of this Base Prospectus, the Board of Directors of the Guarantor has met on 
11 occasions. 
Senior Management of the Guarantor 
The Senior Management of the Group (“Senior Management”) is carried out by the Chief Executive Officer and 
the people identified below: 
Name 
 
Title 
 
Principal activities outside the Guarantor  
Mr. Lluís Deulofeu Fuguet 
 
Deputy Chief Executive Officer 
 
N/A 
Mr. José Manuel Aisa Mancho 
 
Corporate Finance & M&A Director 
 
N/A 
Mr. José Mª Miralles Prieto 
 
 
General Counsel - Legal & Regulatory 
Affairs 
 
N/A 
Mr. Antoni Brunet Mauri 
 
Corporate & Public Affairs Director 
 
N/A 
Mr. Alberto López Prior 
 
Global Resources Director 
 
N/A 
Mr. Àlex Mestre Molins 
 
Business Deputy Chief Executive Officer 
 
N/A

--- Page 132 ---
132 
Name 
 
Title 
 
Principal activities outside the Guarantor  
Ms. Virginia Navarro Virgós 
 
Legal M&A & Financing Director 
 
N/A  
Mr. Sergio Tórtola Pérez 
 
Global Operations Director 
 
N/A 
Conflicts of Interest 
As set forth above, some of the Directors are also officers and/or employees of companies within the Edizione 
group or Pentacom, which is active in the wholesale market of optic fiber for the FTTH -fiber to the home- 
operators.  
There are no other potential conflicts of interest between any duties owed by the Directors or Senior Management 
to the Guarantor and their private interests or other duties. 
Conflicts of interest of the Directors of the Guarantor are governed by the Internal Code of Conduct in matters 
concerning the Securities Markets (the “Code of Conduct”) and additionally by the Board of Directors 
Regulations which establish that a Director shall notify the Board of Directors of the existence of conflicts of 
interest, direct or indirect, that he or any person related to him may have in relation with the interests of the 
Guarantor and refrain from intervening agreements or decisions of the Guarantor in the transaction to which the 
conflict refers. 
Regarding Senior Management and as provided in the Code of Conduct, a senior manager shall notify the 
Secretariat of the Board of Directors of any potential conflicts of interest that may arise and shall act at all times 
with loyalty to the Guarantor and regardless of their own interests or those of others and refrain from intervening 
or influencing decisions of matters affected by the conflict and from accessing confidential information affecting 
any such conflict.

--- Page 133 ---
133 
TAXATION 
The following is a general description of certain Spanish tax considerations relating to the Notes. It does not 
purport to be a complete analysis of all tax considerations relating to the Notes, whether in those countries or 
elsewhere. Prospective purchasers of Notes should consult their own tax advisers as to which countries’ tax laws 
could be relevant to acquiring, holding and disposing of Notes and receiving payments of interest, principal and/or 
other amounts under the Notes and the consequences of such actions under the tax laws of those countries. This 
summary is based upon the law as in effect on the date of this Base Prospectus and is subject to any change in 
law that may take effect after such date. 
Taxation in Spain 
The following is a general description of certain Spanish tax considerations. The information provided below 
does not purport to be a complete summary of tax law and practice currently applicable in the Kingdom of Spain 
and is subject to any changes in law and the interpretation and application thereof, which could be made with 
retroactive effect. 
Introduction 
The information provided below does not purport to be a complete analysis of the tax law and practice currently 
applicable in Spain, and it is not intended to be, nor should it be construed to be, legal or tax advice, and does not 
address all the tax consequences applicable to all categories of investors, some of which (such as look through 
entities, pension funds, undertakings for collective investment in transferable securities or holders of the Notes 
by reason of employment) may be subject to special rules. This analysis is a general description of the tax 
treatment under the Spanish legislation currently in force in the common territory of Spain and, hence, it does not 
indicate the tax treatment applicable under the regional tax regimes in the Historical Territories of the Basque 
Country and the Community of Navarre, or under the provisions passed by Autonomous Communities which 
may apply to specific investors for specific taxes. References in this section to holders include the beneficial 
owners of the Notes, where applicable.  
In particular, note that the Spanish government has just announced that the draft bill for the 2021 General State 
Budget will foresee the introduction of specific tax measures that may modify the taxation described herein. 
There measures may include, inter alia, the following amendments:  
(i) 
Personal Income Tax: An increase of the tax rates applicable to taxable savings for capital income over 
€200,000. 
(ii) 
Net Wealth tax: An 1% increase in the Net Wealth Tax rate applicable to individuals whose net worth 
exceeds €10 million. Moreover, Net Wealth Tax is introduced for an indefinite period. 
(iii) 
Corporate Income Tax: The Spanish participation exemption may be modified from a full exemption to 
a 95% exemption (although certain exceptions may apply). 
These measures have not yet been passed and it is not clear if (or how) they might ultimately be approved (some 
of these measures could be substantially modified or even abandoned). 
This information has been prepared in accordance with the following Spanish tax legislation in force at the date 
of this Base Prospectus: 
If: 
(a) 
of general application, Additional Provision One of Law 10/2014, of 26 June on the management, 
supervision and solvency of credit institutions (“Law 10/2014”), as well as Royal Decree 1065/2007 
(“Royal Decree 1065/2007”), of 27 July, as amended by Royal Decree 1145/2011 of July 29 (“Royal

--- Page 134 ---
134 
Decree 1145/2011”), establishing information obligations in relation to preferential holdings and other 
debt instruments and certain income obtained by individuals resident in the EU and other tax rules; 
(b) 
for individuals with tax residency in Spain who are personal income tax (“Personal Income Tax”) 
taxpayers, Law 35/2006, of 28 November on Personal Income Tax and on the partial amendment of the 
Corporate Income Tax Law, Non Residents Income Tax Law and Wealth Tax Law as amended, (the 
“Personal Income Tax Law”), and Royal Decree 439/2007, of 30 March, promulgating the Personal 
Income Tax Regulations as amended by, along with Law 19/1991, of 6 June on Wealth Tax as amended 
and Law 29/1987, of 18 December, on Inheritance and Gift Tax as amended; 
(c) 
for legal entities resident for tax purposes in Spain which are corporate income tax (“Corporate Income 
Tax”) taxpayers, Law 27/2014, of 27 November, of the Corporate Income Tax Law, and Royal Decree 
634/2015, of 10 July, promulgating the Corporate Income Tax Regulations as amended (the “Corporate 
Income Tax Regulations”); and 
(d) 
for individuals and legal entities who are not resident for tax purposes in Spain and are non-resident 
income tax (“Non-Resident Income Tax”) taxpayers, Royal Legislative Decree 5/2004, of 5 March, 
promulgating the Consolidated Text of the Non-Resident Income Tax Law, and Royal Decree 1776/2004, 
of 30 July, promulgating the Non-Resident Income Tax Regulations as amended, along with Law 19/1991, 
of 6 June, on Wealth Tax, as amended and Law 29/1987, of 18 December, on Inheritance and Gift Tax, as 
amended. 
Whatever the nature and residence of the holder of a beneficial interest in the Notes (each, a “Beneficial Owner”), 
the acquisition and transfer of the Notes will be exempt from indirect taxes in Spain, for example exempt from 
transfer tax and stamp duty, in accordance with the consolidated text of such tax promulgated by Royal Legislative 
Decree 1/1993, of 24 September, and exempt from value added tax, in accordance with Law 37/1992, of 28 
December, regulating such tax and article 314 of the Consolidated Text of the Spanish Securities Market Law 
and related provisions. 
1 
Individuals with Tax Residency in Spain 
1.1 
Personal Income Tax (Impuesto sobre la Renta de las Personas Físicas) 
Both interest periodically received and income deriving from the transfer, redemption or repayment of the 
Notes would constitute a return on investment obtained from the transfer of own capital to third parties in 
accordance with the provisions of Section 25.2 of the Personal Income Tax Law, and should be included 
in each investor’s taxable savings and taxed at the tax rate applicable from time to time, currently at the 
rate of 19% for taxable income up to €6,000; 21% for taxable income between €6,000.01 to €50,000 and 
23% for taxable income in excess of €50,000. 
As a general rule, both types of income are subject to a withholding tax on account at the rate of 19%. 
However, according to Section 44.5 of Royal Decree 1065/2007, of 27 July, the Issuer will make interest 
payments to individual holders who are resident for tax purposes in Spain without withholding provided 
that the relevant information about the Notes set out in Annex I is submitted by the Fiscal Agent in a timely 
manner. 
Notwithstanding the above, withholding tax at the applicable rate of 19% may have to be deducted by 
other entities (such as depositaries, institutions or financial entities) provided that such entities are resident 
for tax purposes in Spain or have a permanent establishment in Spanish territory. 
In any event, individual holders may credit the withholding against their Personal Income Tax liability for 
the relevant fiscal year and may be refundable pursuant to Section 103 of the Personal Income Tax Law.

--- Page 135 ---
135 
1.2 
Reporting Obligations 
The Issuer and the Guarantor will comply with the reporting obligations set out in the Spanish tax laws 
with respect to Noteholders who are individuals resident in Spain for tax purposes. 
1.3 
Wealth Tax (Impuesto sobre el Patrimonio) 
Individuals with tax residency in Spain are subject to Wealth Tax to the extent that their net worth exceeds 
€700,000 (subject to any exceptions provided under relevant legislation in an autonomous region 
(Comunidad Autónoma)). Therefore, they should take into account the value of the Notes which they hold 
as at 31 December in each year, the applicable rates ranging between 0.2% and 2.5% although the final 
tax rates may vary depending on any applicable regional tax laws, and some reductions may apply. 
In accordance with article 3 of the Royal Decree-Law 18/2019, of 27 December, as from year 2021, a full 
exemption on Wealth Tax (bonificación del 100%) would apply, and therefore, individuals resident in 
Spain will be released from formal and filing obligations in relation to this Wealth Tax, unless the 
application of this full exemption is postponed or revoked again (which cannot be ruled out). 
1.4 
Inheritance and Gift Tax (Impuesto sobre Sucesiones y Donaciones) 
Individuals with tax residency in Spain who acquire ownership or other rights over any Notes by 
inheritance, gift or legacy will be subject to inheritance and gift tax in accordance with the applicable 
Spanish regional or state rules. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the applicable tax rates currently 
range between 7.65% and 81.6% depending on the relevant factors (such as previous net wealth or family 
relationship between the transferor and transferee) although the final tax rate may vary depending on any 
applicable regional tax laws. 
2 
Legal Entities with Tax Residency in Spain 
2.1 
Corporate Income Tax (Impuesto sobre Sociedades) 
Both interest periodically received and income deriving from the transfer, redemption or repayment of the 
Notes must be included in the taxable income of legal entities with tax residency in Spain and will be 
subject to Corporate Income Tax (CIT) at the current general rate of 25% following the rules for this tax. 
No withholding on account of CIT will be imposed on interest or on income derived from the redemption 
or repayment of the Notes by the Issuer, by Spanish CIT taxpayers, provided that certain requirements 
(including certain formalities to be complied with by the Fiscal Agent described in “—Information about 
the Notes in connection with Payments”, below) are met. 
However, in the case of Notes held by Spanish resident entity and deposited with a Spanish resident entity 
acting as depositary or custodian, payments of interest and income obtained upon the transfer of the Notes 
may be subject to withholding tax at the current rate of 19%, withholding that will be made by the 
depositary or custodian, if the Notes do not comply with the exemption requirements specified in the 
ruling issued by the Spanish Tax Authorities (Dirección General de Tributos) dated 27 July 2004 and 
require a withholding to be made. 
Notwithstanding the above, amounts withheld, if any, may be credited by the relevant investors against its 
final CIT liability. 
2.2 
Reporting Obligations 
The Issuer and the Guarantor will comply with the reporting obligations set out in the Spanish tax laws 
with respect to Noteholders who are legal persons or entities resident in Spain for tax purposes.

--- Page 136 ---
136 
2.3 
Wealth Tax (Impuesto sobre el Patrimonio) 
Spanish resident legal entities are not subject to Wealth Tax. 
2.4 
Inheritance and Gift Tax (Impuesto sobre Sucesiones y Donaciones) 
Legal entities with tax residency in Spain which acquire ownership or other rights over the Notes by 
inheritance, gift or legacy are not subject to inheritance and gift tax and must include the market value of 
the Notes in their taxable income for Spanish CIT purposes. 
3 
Individuals and Legal Entities with no Tax Residency in Spain 
3.1 
Non-Resident Income Tax (Impuesto sobre la Renta de No Residentes) 
(a) 
Non-Spanish resident investors acting through a permanent establishment in Spain 
Ownership of the Notes by investors who are not resident for tax purposes in Spain will not in itself 
create the existence of a permanent establishment in Spain. 
If the Notes form part of the assets of a permanent establishment in Spain of a person or legal entity 
who is not resident in Spain for tax purposes, the tax rules applicable to income deriving from such 
Notes are the same as those for Spanish CIT taxpayers. 
(b) 
Non-Spanish resident investors not acting through a permanent establishment in Spain 
Both interest periodically received and income deriving from the transfer, redemption or repayment 
of the Notes, obtained by individuals or entities who have no tax residency in Spain, and which are 
Non- Resident Income Tax (“NRIT”) taxpayers with no permanent establishment in Spain, are 
exempt from such NRIT and also from withholding tax on account of NRIT provided certain 
requirements are met.  
In order for such exemption to apply it is necessary to comply with the information procedures, in 
the manner detailed under “Information about the Notes in connection with Payments” as set out 
in article 44 of Royal Decree 1065/2007. 
3.2 
Reporting Obligations 
The Issuer and the Guarantor will comply with the reporting obligations set out in the Spanish tax laws 
with respect to Noteholders who are individuals or legal entities not resident in Spain for tax purposes 
who act with respect to the Notes through a permanent establishment in Spain or not. 
3.3 
Wealth Tax (Impuesto sobre el Patrimonio) 
Spanish non-resident tax individuals are subject to Wealth Tax, which imposes a tax on property and rights 
in excess of €700,000 that are located in Spain, or can be exercised within the Spanish territory, on the last 
day of any year. 
However, to the extent that income derived from the Notes is exempt from NRIT, individual Noteholders 
not resident in Spain for tax purposes that hold Notes on the last day of any year will be exempt from 
Wealth Tax. Furthermore, Noteholders who benefit from a convention for the avoidance of double taxation 
with respect to wealth tax that provides for taxation only in the Noteholder’s country of residence will not 
be subject to Wealth Tax. 
If the provisions of the foregoing paragraph do not apply, non-Spanish tax resident individuals whose net 
worth related to property located, or rights that can be exercised, in Spain is above €700,000 and who hold 
Notes on the last day of any year would therefore be subject to Wealth Tax for such year at marginal rates

--- Page 137 ---
137 
varying between 0.2% and 2.5% of the average market value of the Notes during the last quarter of such 
year, although some reductions may apply. 
Non-Spanish tax resident individuals who are resident in an EU or European Economic Area member 
State may apply the rules approved by the autonomous region where the assets and rights with more value 
are situated. As such, prospective investors should consult their tax advisers. 
In accordance with article 3 of the Royal Decree-Law 18/2019, of 27 December, as from year 2021, a full 
exemption (bonificación del 100%) on Spanish Net Wealth Tax would apply, and therefore from year 2021 
and onwards, individuals non-resident in Spain will be released from formal and filing obligations in 
relation to this Spanish Net Wealth Tax, unless the application of this full exemption is postponed or 
revoked again (which cannot be ruled out). 
Non-Spanish resident legal entities are not subject to Wealth Tax. 
3.4 
Inheritance and Gift Tax (Impuesto sobre Sucesiones y Donaciones) 
Individuals who do not have tax residency in Spain who acquire ownership or other rights over the Notes 
by inheritance, gift or legacy, and who reside in a country with which Spain has entered into a double tax 
treaty in relation to inheritance and gift tax will be subject to the relevant double tax treaty. 
If the provisions of the foregoing paragraph do not apply, such individuals will be subject to inheritance 
and gift tax in accordance with Spanish legislation. 
Generally, non-Spanish tax resident individuals are subject to the Spanish Inheritance and Gift Tax 
according to the rules set forth in the Spanish State level law. However, if the deceased or the donee are 
resident in an EU or European Economic Area Member State, the applicable rules will be those 
corresponding to the relevant Spanish autonomous regions in accordance with the law. In addition, if the 
deceased or the donee is resident outside an EU or European Economic Area Member State, the relevant 
autonomous regions rules might be applicable pursuant to recent rulings issued by the EU Courts and the 
Spanish Supreme Court (judgments of 19 February, 21 March and 22 March 2018). As such, prospective 
investors should consult their tax advisers. 
Non-Spanish resident legal entities which acquire ownership or other rights over the Notes by inheritance, 
gift or legacy are not subject to inheritance and gift tax. They will be subject to NRIT. If the legal entity 
is resident in a country with which Spain has entered into a double tax treaty, the provisions of such treaty 
will apply. In general, double-tax treaties provide for the taxation of this type of income in the country of 
residence of the beneficiary. 
4 
Payments made by the Guarantor 
Any payments of principal and interest made by the Guarantor under the Guarantee may be characterised as an 
indemnity and, accordingly, be made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for, any taxes, 
duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatsoever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or 
assessed by Spain or any political subdivision or authority thereof or therein having power to tax. 
However, although no clear precedent, statement of law or regulation exists in relation thereto, in the event that 
the Spanish Tax Authorities take the view that the Guarantor has validly, legally and effectively assumed all the 
obligations of the Issuer under the Notes subject to and in accordance with the Guarantee. In such circumstances, 
the Spanish tax authorities may determine that payments made by the Guarantor will be subject to the same tax 
rules set out above for payments made by the Issuer.

--- Page 138 ---
138 
5 
Information about the Notes in connection with Payments 
In accordance with Section 44 of Royal Decree 1065/2007, certain information with respect to the Notes must be 
submitted to the Issuer before the close of business on the Business Day (as defined in the Conditions of the 
Notes) immediately preceding the date on which any payment of interest, principal or of any amounts in respect 
of the early redemption of the Notes (each, a “Payment Date”) is due. 
Such information would be the following: 
(a) 
identification of the Notes (as applicable) in respect of which the relevant payment is made; 
(b) 
date on which the relevant payment is made; 
(c) 
the total amount of the relevant payment of income; and 
(d) 
the amount of the relevant payment paid to each entity that manages a clearing and settlement system for 
securities situated outside Spain. 
In particular, the Fiscal Agent must certify the information above about the Notes by means of a certificate the 
form of which is attached as Annex I of this Base Prospectus. 
In light of the above, the Issuer and the Fiscal Agent have arranged certain procedures to facilitate the collection 
of information concerning the Notes by the close of business on the Business Day immediately preceding each 
relevant Payment Date. 
If, despite these procedures, the relevant information is not timely received by the Issuer, the Issuer will withhold 
tax at the then-applicable rate (currently 19%) from any payment in respect of the relevant Notes. The Issuer will 
not pay any additional amounts with respect to any such withholding.  
If, before the tenth calendar day of the month following the relevant payment date, the Fiscal Agent provides the 
required information, the Issuer will reimburse the amounts withheld. 
Investors who are not resident in Spain for tax purposes and are entitled to exemption from NRIT on income 
derived from the Notes, but where the Issuer does not timely receive from the Fiscal Agent the information above 
about the Notes by means of a certificate the form of which is attached as Annex I of this Base Prospectus, would 
have to apply directly to the Spanish tax authorities for any refund to which they may be entitled, according to 
the procedures set forth in the Spanish NRIT Law. 
Investors should note that none of the Issuer, the Guarantor or the Fiscal Agent accepts any responsibility relating 
to the procedures established for the collection of information concerning the Notes. Accordingly, the Issuer, the 
Guarantor and the Fiscal Agent will not be liable for any damage or loss suffered by any holder who would 
otherwise be entitled to an exemption from Spanish withholding tax but whose income payments are nonetheless 
paid net of Spanish withholding tax because these procedures prove ineffective. Moreover, the Issuer and the 
Guarantor will not pay any additional amounts with respect to any such withholding. See Risk Factors “Risks 
related to the Spanish withholding tax regime”, above.  
The procedures for providing documentation referred to in this section are set out in detail in the Agency 
Agreement. 
The language of the Base Prospectus is English. Certain legislative references and technical terms have been 
cited in their original language in order that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed to them under 
applicable law.

--- Page 139 ---
139 
ANNEX I 
Anexo al Reglamento General de las actuaciones y los procedimientos de gestión e inspección tributaria 
y de desarrollo de las normas comunes de los procedimientos de aplicación de los tributos, aprobado 
por Real Decreto 1065/2007 
Modelo de declaración a que se refieren los apartados 3, 4 y 5 del artículo 44 del Reglamento General 
de las actuaciones y los procedimientos de gestión e inspección tributaria y de desarrollo de las normas 
comunes de los procedimientos de aplicación de los tributos 
Annex to Royal Decree 1065/2007, of 27 July, approving the General Regulations of the tax inspection and 
management procedures and developing the common rules of the procedures to apply taxes 
Declaration form referred to in paragraphs 3, 4 and 5 of Article 44 of the General Regulations of the tax 
inspection and management procedures and developing the common rules of the procedures to apply taxes 
Don (nombre), con número de identificación fiscal (  )(1), en nombre y representación de (entidad 
declarante), con número de identificación fiscal (  )(1) y domicilio en (  ) en calidad de (marcar la letra que 
proceda): 
Mr (name), with tax identification number (  )(1), in the name and on behalf of (entity), with tax identification 
number (  )(1) and address in (  ) as (function – mark as applicable): 
(a) 
Entidad Gestora del Mercado de Deuda Pública en Anotaciones. 
(a) 
Management Entity of the Public Debt Market in book entry form. 
(b) 
Entidad que gestiona el sistema de compensación y liquidación de valores con sede en el 
extranjero. 
(b) 
Entity that manages the clearing and settlement system of securities resident in a foreign country. 
(c) 
Otras entidades que mantienen valores por cuenta de terceros en entidades de compensación y 
liquidación de valores domiciliadas en territorio español. 
(c) 
Other entities that hold securities on behalf of third parties within clearing and settlement systems 
domiciled in the Spanish territory. 
(d) 
Agente de pagos designado por el emisor. 
(d) 
Issuing and Paying Agent appointed by the issuer. 
Formula la siguiente declaración, de acuerdo con lo que consta en sus propios registros: 
Makes the following statement, according to its own records: 
1 
En relación con los apartados 3 y 4 del artículo 44: 
1 
In relation to paragraphs 3 and 4 of Article 44: 
1.1 
Identificación de los valores………………………………………………… 
1.1 
Identification of the securities ………………………………………………… 
1.2 
Fecha de pago de los rendimientos (o de reembolso si son valores emitidos al descuento o 
segregados) 
1.2 
Income payment date (or refund if the securities are issued at discount or are segregated)

--- Page 140 ---
140 
1.3 
Importe total de los rendimientos (o importe total a reembolsar, en todo caso, si son valores 
emitidos al descuento o segregados) …………………………………… 
1.3 
Total amount of income (or total amount to be refunded, in any case, if the securities are issued at 
discount or are segregated) 
1.4 
Importe de los rendimientos correspondiente a contribuyentes del Impuesto sobre la Renta de 
las Personas Físicas, excepto cupones segregados y principales segregados en cuyo reembolso 
intervenga una Entidad Gestora ………………… 
1.4 
Amount of income corresponding to Personal Income Tax taxpayers, except segregated coupons and 
segregated principals for which reimbursement an intermediary entity is involved …………… 
1.5 
Importe de los rendimientos que conforme al apartado 2 del artículo 44 debe abonarse por su 
importe íntegro (o importe total a reembolsar si son valores emitidos al descuento o 
segregados). 
1.5 
Amount of income which according to paragraph 2 of Article 44 must be paid gross (or total amount 
to be refunded if the securities are issued at discount or are segregated). 
2 
En relación con el apartado 5 del artículo 44. 
2 
In relation to paragraph 5 of Article 44. 
2.1 
Identificación de los valores …………………………………………………… 
2.1 
Identification of the securities…………………………………………………….. 
2.2 
Fecha de pago de los rendimientos (o de reembolso si son valores emitidos al descuento o 
segregados) ……………………………………………………………… 
2.2 
Income payment date (or refund if the securities are issued at discount or are segregated) 
………………………………………………………… 
2.3 
Importe total de los rendimientos (o importe total a reembolsar si son valores emitidos al 
descuento o segregados ………………………………………………… 
2.3 
Total amount of income (or total amount to be refunded if the securities are issued at discount or are 
segregated) 
2.4 
Importe correspondiente a la entidad que gestiona el sistema de compensación y liquidación 
de valores con sede en el extranjero A. 
2.4 
Amount corresponding to the entity that manages the clearing and settlement system of securities 
resident in a foreign country A. 
2.5 
Importe correspondiente a la entidad que gestiona el sistema de compensación y liquidación 
de valores con sede en el extranjero B. 
2.5 
Amount corresponding to the entity that manages the clearing and settlement system of securities 
resident in a foreign country B. 
2.6 
Importe correspondiente a la entidad que gestiona el sistema de compensación y liquidación 
de valores con sede en el extranjero C. 
2.6 
Amount corresponding to the entity that manages the clearing and settlement system of securities 
resident in a foreign country C.

--- Page 141 ---
141 
Lo que declaro en………………a … de………………de … 
I declare the above in …………… on the … of …………… of … 
(1) 
En caso de personas, físicas o jurídicas, no residentes sin establecimiento permanente se hará 
constar el número o código de identificación que corresponda de conformidad con su país de 
residencia 
(1) 
In case of non-residents (individuals or corporations) without permanent establishment in Spain it 
shall be included the number or identification code which corresponds according to their country of 
residence.

--- Page 142 ---
142 
The proposed financial transactions tax (FTT) 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published the Commission’s Proposal for a Directive for a 
common FTT in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, Portugal, Slovenia and 
Slovakia. However, Estonia has since stated that it will not participate in the Commission’s Proposal. 
The Commission’s Proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings in the 
Notes (including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances. The issuance and subscription of 
Notes should, however, be exempt. 
Under the Commission’s Proposal, FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and outside 
of the Participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in the Notes where at least one 
party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a Participating Member State. A financial 
institution may be, or be deemed to be, “established” in a Participating Member State in a broad range of 
circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person established in a Participating Member State or (b) 
where the financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued in a Participating Member State. 
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between the Participating Member States and the 
scope of any such tax is uncertain. It may therefore be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which 
remains unclear as of the date of this Base Prospectus. Participating Member States may decide to withdraw 
and additional EU Member States may decide to participate. Prospective holders of the Notes are advised to 
seek their own professional advice in relation to the FTT and its potential impact on the Notes. 
On 15 October 2020, Spain has passed Law 5/2020, of 15 October, on the Spanish Financial Transaction Tax. . 
The issuance and subscription of Notes should not be subject to the FTT, as it would tax the acquisition of 
shares (including the transfer or conversion of bonds) of Spanish companies, admitted to trading on a regulated 
market in an EU member state or in a third country market considered equivalent, with a market capitalisation 
of more than €1 billion, at a fixed tax rate of 0.2%, and regardless of the jurisdiction of residence of the parties 
involved in the transaction. The law will come into force on 16 January 2021. 
Prospective holders of the Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the FTT. 
U.S. Foreign Account Tax Compliance Withholding 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, commonly known as 
FATCA, a “foreign financial institution” may be required to withhold on certain payments it makes (“foreign 
passthru payments”) to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting, or related requirements. A 
number of jurisdictions (including Spain) have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, intergovernmental 
agreements with the U.S. to implement FATCA (“IGAs”), which modify the way in which FATCA applies in 
their jurisdictions. Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to instruments such as 
the Notes, including whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect 
to payments on instruments such as the Notes, are uncertain and may be subject to change. Even if withholding 
would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as the Notes, 
such withholding would not apply prior to the date that is two years after the publication of the final regulations 
defining “foreign passthru payment” and Notes characterised as debt (or which are not otherwise characterised 
as equity and have a fixed term) for U.S. federal tax purposes that are issued on or prior to the date that is six 
months after the date on which final regulations defining “foreign passthru payments” are filed with the U.S. 
Federal Register generally would be “grandfathered” for purposes of FATCA withholding unless materially 
modified after such date. Noteholders should consult their own tax advisers regarding how these rules may 
apply to their investment in the Notes. In the event any withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or

--- Page 143 ---
143 
an IGA with respect to payments on the Notes, no person will be required to pay additional amounts as a result 
of the withholding.

--- Page 144 ---
144 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Notes may be sold from time to time by the Issuer to any one or more of Banco de Sabadell, S.A., Banco 
Santander, S.A., BNP Paribas, CaixaBank, S.A., Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A., Mediobanca – Banca di Credito 
Finanziario S.p.A. and UniCredit Bank AG (the “Dealers”). The arrangements under which Notes may from 
time to time be agreed to be sold by the Issuer to, and subscribed by, Dealers are set out in an amended and 
restated dealer agreement dated 3 December 2020 (the “Dealer Agreement”) and made between the Issuer, the 
Guarantor and the Dealers. If in the case of any Tranche of Notes the method of distribution is an agreement 
between the Issuer and a single Dealer for that Tranche to be issued by the Issuer and subscribed by that Dealer, 
the method of distribution will be described in the relevant Final Terms as “Non-Syndicated” and the name of 
that Dealer and any other interest of that Dealer which is material to the issue of that Tranche beyond the fact 
of the appointment of that Dealer will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. If in the case of any Tranche of 
Notes the method of distribution is an agreement between the Issuer and more than one Dealer for that Tranche 
to be issued by the Issuer and subscribed by those Dealers, the method of distribution will be described in the 
relevant Final Terms as “Syndicated”, the obligations of those Dealers to subscribe the relevant Notes will be 
joint and several and the names and addresses of those Dealers and any other interests of any of those Dealers 
which are material to the issue of that Tranche beyond the fact of the appointment of those Dealers (including 
whether any of those Dealers has also been appointed to act as Stabilising Manager in relation to that Tranche) 
will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
Any such agreement will, inter alia, make provision for the form and terms and conditions of the relevant Notes, 
the price at which such Notes will be subscribed by the Dealer(s) and the commissions or other agreed 
deductibles (if any) payable or allowable by the Issuer in respect of such subscription. The Dealer Agreement 
makes provision for the resignation or termination of appointment of existing Dealers and for the appointment 
of additional or other Dealers either generally in respect of the Programme or in relation to a particular Tranche 
of Notes. 
U.S. 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and may not be offered or sold 
within the U.S. or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain transactions exempt from 
the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to 
them by Regulation S. 
Notes in bearer form are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within 
the U.S. or its possessions or to a U.S. person, except in certain transactions permitted by U.S. tax regulations. 
Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as 
amended and regulations promulgated thereunder. 
Each Dealer has agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, that, 
except as permitted by the Dealer Agreement, it will not offer, sell or (in the case of Notes in bearer form) 
deliver Notes, (i) as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after the completion of 
the distribution of the Notes comprising the relevant Tranche, as determined and certified to the Fiscal Agent 
by such Dealer (or, in the case of a sale of a Tranche of Notes to or through more than one Dealer, by each of 
such Dealers as to the Notes of such Tranche purchased by or through it, in which case the Fiscal Agent shall 
notify each such Dealer when all such Dealers have so certified) within the U.S. or to, or for the account or 
benefit of, U.S. persons, and such Dealer will have sent to each dealer to which it sells Notes during the 
distribution compliance period relating thereto a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on 
offers and sales of the Notes within the U.S. or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons.

--- Page 145 ---
145 
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of Notes comprising any Tranche, any offer 
or sale of Notes within the U.S. by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the 
registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA and UK Retail Investors 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell 
or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the European Economic 
Area or in the United Kingdom. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression an “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to 
purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
Selling Restrictions Addressing Additional UK Securities Laws 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent, warrant and agree that: 
(a) 
No deposit-taking: in relation to any Notes having a maturity of less than one year: 
(i) 
it is a person whose ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing 
of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of its business; and: 
(ii) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes other than to persons: 
(A) 
whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses; or 
(B) 
who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as 
principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses, 
where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 of the 
FSMA by the Issuer; 
(b) 
Financial promotion: it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only 
communicate or cause to be communicated any invitation or inducement to engage in investment 
activity (within the meaning of section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or 
sale of any Notes in circumstances in which section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer or 
the Guarantor; and 
(c) 
General compliance: it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with 
respect to anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the UK.

--- Page 146 ---
146 
Kingdom of Spain 
Each of the Dealers, the Issuer and the Guarantor have represented and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that the Notes will not be offered, sold 
or distributed, nor will any subsequent resale of Notes be carried out in Spain, except in circumstances which 
do not require the publication of a prospectus in Spain, or without complying with all legal and regulatory 
requirements under Spanish securities laws. Neither the Notes nor the Base Prospectus have been registered 
with the CNMV and therefore the Base Prospectus is not intended for any public offer of the Notes in Spain 
that would require the registration of a prospectus with the CNMV. 
Republic of Italy  
The offering of the Notes has not been registered with the Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa 
(“CONSOB”) pursuant to Italian securities legislation and, accordingly, no Notes may be offered, sold or 
delivered, nor may copies of the Base Prospectus or of any other document relating to any Notes be distributed 
in the Republic of Italy, except, in accordance with all Italian securities, tax and exchange control and other 
applicable laws and regulations. 
Each of the Dealers has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that it will not offer, sell or deliver any Note or distribute any copies of this 
Base Prospectus and/or any other document relating to the Notes in the Republic of Italy except: 
(i) 
to qualified investors (investitori qualificati), as defined pursuant to Article 2 of the Prospectus 
Regulation and any applicable provision of the Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998 (the 
“Financial Services Act”) and Italian CONSOB regulations; or 
(ii) 
in other circumstances which are exempted from the rules on public offerings pursuant to Article 1 of 
the Prospectus Regulation and Article 34-ter of the Issuers Regulation, as amended from time to time, 
and applicable Italian laws. 
In any event, any offer, sale or delivery of the Notes or distribution of copies of this Base Prospectus or any 
other document relating to the Notes in the Republic of Italy under paragraphs (i) or (ii) above must be: 
(a) 
made by an investment firm, bank or financial intermediary permitted to conduct such activities 
in the Republic of Italy in accordance with the Financial Services Act, Legislative Decree No. 
385 of 1 September 1993 (the “Banking Act”) and CONSOB Regulation No. 20307 of 15 
February 2018, all as amended from time to time; 
(b) 
in compliance with Article 129 of the Banking Act, as amended from time to time, and the 
implementing guidelines of the Bank of Italy, as amended from time to time; and 
(c) 
in compliance with any other applicable laws and regulations, including any limitation or 
requirement imposed by CONSOB or the Bank of Italy or other competent Authority. 
Provisions relating to the secondary market 
Please note that in accordance with Article 100-bis of the Financial Services Act, where no exemption from the 
rules on public offerings applies, the subsequent distribution of the Notes on the secondary market in Italy must 
be made in compliance with the public offer and the prospectus requirement rules provided under the Financial 
Services Act and the Issuers Regulation. Failure to comply with such rules may result in the sale of such Notes 
being declared null and void and in the liability of the intermediary transferring the financial instruments for 
any damages suffered by the investors. Furthermore, a public offer occurs also where the Notes which are 
initially offered and placed in Italy or abroad to qualified investors only but in the following 12 months are 
“systematically” distributed on the secondary market in Italy. Where no exemption from the rules on public

--- Page 147 ---
147 
offerings applies, failure to comply with the prospectus requirement rules provided under the Financial Services 
Act and Issuers Regulation may result in the purchasers of Notes who are acting outside of the course of their 
business or profession being entitled to declare such purchase void and to claim damages from any authorised 
person at whose premises the Notes were purchased (soggetti abilitati presso cui è avvenuta la vendita). 
France 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed and any further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree, that it has only offered or sold, and will only offer or sell directly or indirectly Notes in 
France to, and has only distributed or caused to be distributed and will only distribute or cause to be distributed 
in France any offering material relating to the Notes to (i) qualified investors as defined in Article 2(e) of the 
Prospectus Regulation.  
This Base Prospectus has not been submitted for clearance to the Autorité des Marchés Financiers. 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Law of Japan 
(Law No. 25 of 1948, as amended) and, accordingly, each Dealer has undertaken that it will not offer or sell 
any Notes directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any Japanese Person or to others for re-
offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to any Japanese Person except under circumstances which 
will result in compliance with all applicable laws, regulations and guidelines promulgated by the relevant 
Japanese governmental and regulatory authorities and in effect at the relevant time. For the purposes of this 
paragraph, “Japanese Person” shall mean any person resident in Japan, including any corporation or other 
entity organised under the laws of Japan. 
General 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent, warrant and agree with the Issuer and the Guarantor that it has, to the best of its 
knowledge, complied and will comply with all applicable laws and regulations in each country or jurisdiction 
in or from which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or possesses, distributes or publishes this Base 
Prospectus or any Final Terms or any related offering material, in all cases at its own expense. Other persons 
into whose hands this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms comes are required by the Issuer, the Guarantor and 
the Dealers to comply with all applicable laws and regulations in each country or jurisdiction in or from which 
they purchase, offer, sell or deliver Notes or possess, distribute or publish this Base Prospectus or any Final 
Terms or any related offering material, in all cases at their own expense. 
The Dealer Agreement provides that the Dealers shall not be bound by any of the restrictions relating to any 
specific jurisdiction (set out above) to the extent that such restrictions shall, as a result of change(s) or change(s) 
in official interpretation, after the date hereof, of applicable laws and regulations, no longer be applicable but 
without prejudice to the obligations of the Dealers described in the paragraph headed “General” above. 
Selling restrictions may be supplemented or modified with the agreement of the Issuer and the Guarantor. Any 
such supplement or modification may be set out in a supplement to this Base Prospectus. 
No representation is made that any action has been taken in any jurisdiction that would permit a public offering 
of any of the Notes, or possession or distribution of the Base Prospectus or any other offering material or any 
Final Terms, in any country or jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required.

--- Page 148 ---
148 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Authorisation 
1. 
The establishment of the Programme has been duly authorised by a resolution of the Board of Directors 
of Cellnex on 3 November 2020 and by a resolution of the Sole Director of the Issuer on 3 November 
2020, and the granting of the Guarantee by Cellnex has been duly authorised by the aforementioned 
resolution of the Board of Directors of Cellnex on 3 November 2020. Each of the Issuer and the Guarantor 
have obtained or will obtain from time to time all necessary consents, approvals and authorisations in 
connection with the issue and performance of the Notes. 
2. 
The Base Prospectus has been approved by the Central Bank of Ireland (the “Central Bank”), as Irish 
competent authority under the Prospectus Regulation. The Central Bank only approves this Base 
Prospectus as meeting the requirements of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by 
the Prospectus Regulation. Such an approval should not be considered as an endorsement of either the 
Issuer or the Guarantor that are the subject of this Base Prospectus nor as an endorsement of the quality 
of any Notes that are the subject of the Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as 
to the suitability of investing in such Notes. Such approval relates only to the Notes which are to be 
admitted to trading on a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II and/or which are to be offered to 
the public in any member state of the EEA or in the UK. Application has been made to Euronext Dublin 
for the Notes issued under the Programme during the period of 12 months from the date of this Base 
Prospectus to be admitted to the official list and trading on its regulated market. 
However, Notes issued under the Programme may be listed on a stock exchange different from Euronext 
Dublin as the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Relevant Dealer(s) may agree. 
Legal and Arbitration Proceedings 
3. 
Save as disclosed in “Description of the Guarantor – Legal Proceedings” above, there are no 
governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings, (including any such proceedings which are pending or 
threatened, of which the Issuer and Cellnex are aware), which may have, or have had during the 12 months 
prior to the date of this Base Prospectus, a significant effect on the financial position or profitability of the 
Issuer or of Cellnex or of the Group. 
Trend Information  
4. 
Since 31 December 2019 there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer or of 
Cellnex or of the Group.  
Significant Change in the Financial Performance or Financial Position 
5. 
Since 30 September 2020 there has been no significant change in the financial performance or financial 
position of the Issuer or of Cellnex or of the Group, save as described in “Description of the Guarantor–
Recent Developments 
Auditors 
6. 
The consolidated financial statements of the Guarantor for the years ended 31 December 2019 and 31 
December 2018 have been audited by Deloitte, S.L. expressing unqualified opinions for both years. 
Deloitte, S.L. address is Plaza de Pablo Ruiz Picasso, 1, Torre Picasso, 28020 Madrid, is registered under

--- Page 149 ---
149 
number S0692 in the Official register of Auditors (Registro Oficial de Auditores de Cuentas) and is a 
member of the Instituto de Censores Jurados de Cuentas de España. 
Documents on Display 
7. 
Physical copies of the following documents (together with English translations thereof where applicable) 
may be inspected during normal business hours at the offices of the Fiscal Agent for 12 months from the 
date of this Base Prospectus or by electronic means at the discretion of the Fiscal Agent (subject to the 
following documents having been provided by the Issuer and/or the Guarantor to the Fiscal Agent): 
(a) 
the articles of association of the Issuer and the Guarantor; 
(b) 
the audited consolidated financial statements of the Guarantor for the years ended 31 December 
2019 and 31 December 2018 and the unaudited consolidated interim financial information of the 
Guarantor in respect of the 9-month period ended 30 September 2020; 
(c) 
the Agency Agreement; 
(d) 
the Deed of Covenant; 
(e) 
the Deed of Guarantee; 
(f) 
the Programme Manual (which contains the forms of the Notes in global and definitive form); and 
(g) 
the Issuer-ICSDs Agreement (which was entered into on 1 December 2020 between the Issuer and 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg with respect to the settlement in Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg of Notes in New Global Note form). 
Documents listed in (a) through (g) above are also available for viewing at the corporate website of Cellnex 
(www.cellnextelecom.com). 
Material Contracts 
8. 
There are no material contracts entered into other than in the ordinary course of the Issuer’s or Cellnex’s 
business, which could result in any member of the Group being under an obligation or entitlement that is 
material to the Issuer’s or Cellnex’s ability to meet its obligations to Noteholders in respect of the Notes 
being issued. 
The Legal Entity Identifier 
9. 
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) code of the Issuer is 549300OUROMFTRFA7T23. 
10. 
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) code of the Guarantor is 5493008T4YG3AQUI7P67. 
Dealers transacting with the Issuer and the Guarantor 
11. 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in financing, 
investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services for, the 
Issuer, the Guarantor and their affiliates in the ordinary course of business. In addition, in the ordinary 
course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may make or hold a broad array of 
investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative securities) and financial 
instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of their customers. Such 
investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of the Issuer, the Guarantor

--- Page 150 ---
150 
or their affiliates. Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates that have a lending relationship with the Issuer 
or the Guarantor routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer or the Guarantor consistent with their 
customary risk management policies. Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such 
exposure by entering into transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the 
creation of short positions in securities, including potentially the Notes issued under the Programme. Any 
such positions could adversely affect future trading prices of Notes issued under the Programme. The 
Dealers and their affiliates may also make investment recommendations and/or publish or express 
independent research views in respect of such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or 
recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and instruments. For 
the purposes of this paragraph the term “affiliates” includes also parent companies.  
Clearing of the Notes 
12. 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. The 
appropriate common code and/or the International Securities Identification Number (ISIN) in relation to 
the Notes of each Tranche will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. The relevant Final Terms shall 
specify any other clearing system as shall have accepted the relevant Notes for clearance together with 
any further appropriate information. 
Issue Price and Yield 
13. 
Notes may be issued at any price. The issue price of each Tranche of Notes to be issued under the 
Programme will be determined by the Issuer, the Guarantor and the relevant Dealer(s) at the time of issue 
in accordance with prevailing market conditions and the issue price of the relevant Notes or the method 
of determining the price and the process for its disclosure will be set out in the applicable Final Terms. In 
the case of different Tranches of a Series of Notes, the issue price may include accrued interest in respect 
of the period from and including the interest commencement date of the relevant Tranche (which may be 
the issue date of the first Tranche of the Series or, if interest payment dates have already passed, the most 
recent interest payment date in respect of the Series) to but excluding the issue date of the relevant Tranche. 
The yield of each Tranche of Notes set out in the applicable Final Terms will be calculated as of the 
relevant issue date on an annual or semi-annual basis using the relevant issue price. It is not an indication 
of future yield. 
Bank of New York Mellon 
14. 
The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Dublin Branch is acting solely in its capacity as listing agent for 
the Issuer and the Guarantor (and not on its own behalf) in connection with the application for admission 
of Notes to the Official List of Euronext Dublin and trading on its regulated market. 
Validity of Base Prospectus and prospectus supplements 
15. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer and the Guarantor shall have no obligation to supplement this Base 
Prospectus after the end of its twelve-month validity period.

--- Page 151 ---
151 
REGISTERED OFFICE OF THE ISSUER 
Cellnex Finance Company, S.A.U. 
Calle Juan Esplandiú, 11-13 
28007 Madrid 
Spain 
REGISTERED OFFICE OF THE GUARANTOR 
Cellnex Telecom, S.A. 
Calle Juan Esplandiú, 11-13 
28007 Madrid 
Spain 
ARRANGER 
BNP Paribas  
16, boulevard des Italiens 
75009 Paris 
France 
DEALERS 
Banco de Sabadell, S.A. 
Avenida Óscar Esplá, 37 
03007 Alicante 
Spain  
Banco Santander, S.A. 
Calle Juan Ignacio Luca de Tena, 11 
Edificio Magdalena, Planta 1 
28027 Madrid 
Spain  
BNP Paribas 
16, boulevard des Italiens 
75009 Paris 
France 
CaixaBank, S.A. 
Calle Pintor Sorolla 2-4 
46002 Valencia 
Spain 
Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. 
Divisione IMI Corporate & Investment Banking 
Via Manzoni 4 
20121 Milan 
Italy 
Mediobanca – Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A. 
Piazzetta E. Cuccia 1 
20121 Milan 
Italy 
UniCredit Bank AG 
Arabellastrasse 12 
D-81925 Munich 
Germany 
FISCAL AGENT 
REGISTRAR 
The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch 
One Canada Square 
London E14 5AL 
United Kingdom 
The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg Branch 
Vertigo Building 
Polaris – 2-4 rue Eugène Ruppert 
L-2453 Luxembourg 
 
LEGAL ADVISER 
To the Dealers as to English and Spanish law: 
Linklaters, S.L.P. 
Almagro 40 
28010 Madrid 
Spain 
 
INDEPENDENT AUDITORS TO THE GUARANTOR 
LISTING AGENT

--- Page 152 ---
152 
Deloitte, S.L. 
Plaza Pablo Ruiz Picasso, 1 
28020 Madrid 
Spain 
The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Dublin Branch 
Riverside II, Sir John Rogerson’s Quay 
Grand Canal Dock 
Dublin 2 
Ireland