--- Page 1 ---
- i -
 
 
BASE PROSPECTUS 
 
CEPSA Finance, S.A.U.  
(incorporated with limited liability in Spain) 
Guaranteed by 
Compañía Española de Petróleos, S.A. 
(incorporated with limited liability in Spain) 
€3,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
___________________________________ 
Under this EUR 3,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the “Programme”), CEPSA Finance, S.A.U. (the 
“Issuer”) may from time to time issue notes (the “Notes”) guaranteed by Compañía Española de Petróleos, S.A. (the 
“Guarantor”, and together with its consolidated subsidiaries, the “Group”, “we”, “our” or “us”). 
This base prospectus (the “Base Prospectus”), which comprises a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus Regulation”), has been approved by the Central Bank of Ireland (the “Central Bank”) as 
competent authority under the Prospectus Regulation. The Central Bank only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the 
standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should 
not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or the quality of the Notes that are the subject of this Base Prospectus. 
Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. 
Such approval relates only to the Notes which are to be admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Irish Stock Exchange 
plc trading as Euronext Dublin (“Euronext Dublin”) or another regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU 
(as amended, “EU MiFID II”). 
Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for Notes issued under the Programme during the period of 12 months after the 
date of this Base Prospectus to be admitted to the official list and to trading on its regulated market. The Programme also 
permits Notes to be issued on the basis that they will be admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by such other or further 
competent authorities, stock exchanges and/or quotation systems as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer(s). 
This Base Prospectus (as supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable) is valid for 12 months from its date in 
relation to Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market for the purposes of EU MiFID II. The 
obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, material mistake or material 
inaccuracy does not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
The maximum aggregate nominal amount of all Notes from time to time outstanding under the Programme will not exceed 
€3,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies, subject to increase as provided herein). The payment of all amounts due 
in respect of the Notes will be unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by the Guarantor. The obligations of the Guarantor 
in that respect are contained in the deed of guarantee dated 2 April 2024 (the “Deed of Guarantee”). The Notes will be issued 
in such denominations as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) and as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, save that the minimum denomination of each Note will be such amount as may be allowed or required from time to 
time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or regulations applicable to the relevant specified currency 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms (as defined below) and save that the minimum denomination of each Note admitted to 
trading on a regulated market situated or operating within the European Economic Area (the “EEA”) or the United Kingdom 
and/or offered to the public in an EEA member state or the United Kingdom in circumstances which require the publication of 
a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation will be €100,000 (or, if the Notes are denominated in a currency other than euro, 
the equivalent amount in such currency). 
Notice of the aggregate nominal amount of Notes, interest payable in respect of Notes, the issue price of Notes and any other 
terms and conditions not contained herein which are applicable to each Tranche (as defined under “Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes”) of Notes will be set out in the Final Terms (as defined herein) which, with respect to Notes to be listed on Euronext 
Dublin, will be delivered to the Central Bank. Copies of the Final Terms relating to Notes which are listed on Euronext Dublin 
or offered in circumstances which require a prospectus to be published under the Prospectus Regulation will be available free 
of charge, at the registered office of the Guarantor and at the specified office of each of the Paying Agents (as defined under 
“Terms and Conditions of the Notes”). 
Tranches of Notes will be rated or unrated. Where a Tranche of Notes is to be rated, such rating will be specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. Whether or not a rating in relation to any Tranche of Notes will be treated as having been issued by a credit rating 
agency established in the European Union and registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 (as amended) on credit rating

--- Page 2 ---
agencies (the “CRA Regulation”) will be disclosed in the relevant Final Terms. A list of rating agencies registered under the 
CRA Regulation can be found at https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk.  
Each of Fitch Ratings Ireland Spanish Branch, Sucursal en España (“Fitch”), Moody’s Deutschland GmbH (“Moody’s”) and 
S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited (“S&P”) has rated the Guarantor, see page 96. Each of Fitch, Moody’s and S&P is 
established in the European Union and registered under the CRA Regulation. 
A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or 
withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency.  
Interest and/or other amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to certain benchmarks. Details of the 
administrators of such benchmarks, including details of whether or not, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, each such 
administrator’s name appears on the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the European 
Securities and Markets Authority (“ESMA”) pursuant to article 36 of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (the “Benchmarks 
Regulation”) are set out in the section entitled “Benchmarks Regulation”. 
Investing in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks. The principal risk factors that may affect the 
abilities of the Issuer and the Guarantor to fulfil their respective obligations under the Notes are discussed under “Risk 
Factors” below. 
Potential investors should note the risks described in summary form regarding certain Spanish tax implications and 
procedures in connection with an investment in the Notes (see “Risk Factors—Risks Relating to taxation” and 
“Taxation”). Noteholders must seek their own advice to ensure that they comply with all procedures to ensure correct 
tax treatment of their Notes. 
 
Arranger 
HSBC 
 
Dealers 
Bank of China 
Barclays 
BBVA 
BofA Securities 
CaixaBank 
Commerzbank 
First Abu Dhabi Bank PJSC 
HSBC 
IMI- Intesa Sanpaolo 
Natixis 
Santander Corporate & Investment Banking 
SMBC 
UniCredit 
 
2 April 2024

--- Page 3 ---
- 3 -
 
 
IMPORTANT NOTICES 
Responsibility for this Base Prospectus 
Each of the Issuer and the Guarantor accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base 
Prospectus and any Final Terms and declares that the information contained in this Base Prospectus is, to the 
best of its knowledge, in accordance with the facts and that this Base Prospectus contains no omission likely 
to affect its import. 
Final Terms/Drawdown Prospectus 
Each Tranche (as defined herein) of Notes will be issued on the terms set out herein under “Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes” (the “Conditions”) as completed by a document specific to such Tranche called final 
terms (the “Final Terms”) or in a separate prospectus specific to such Tranche (the “Drawdown Prospectus”) 
as described under “Final Terms and Drawdown Prospectuses” below. 
Other relevant information 
This Base Prospectus must be read and construed together with any supplements hereto and with any 
information incorporated by reference herein and, in relation to any Tranche of Notes which is the subject of 
Final Terms, must be read and construed together with the relevant Final Terms.  
In the case of a Tranche of Notes which is the subject of a Drawdown Prospectus, each reference in this Base 
Prospectus to information being specified or identified in the relevant Final Terms shall be read and construed 
as a reference to such information being specified or identified in the relevant Drawdown Prospectus unless 
the context requires otherwise. 
The Issuer and the Guarantor have confirmed to the Dealers named under “Subscription and Sale” below that 
this Base Prospectus contains all information which is (in the context of the Programme, the issue, offering and 
sale of the Notes and the guarantee of the Notes) material; that such information is true and accurate in all 
material respects and is not misleading in any material respect; that any opinions, predictions or intentions 
expressed herein are honestly held or made and are not misleading in any material respect; that this Base 
Prospectus does not omit to state any material fact necessary to make such information, opinions, predictions 
or intentions (in the context of the Programme, the issue, offering and sale of the Notes and the guarantee of 
the Notes) not misleading in any material respect; and that all proper enquiries have been made to verify the 
foregoing.  
Unauthorised information 
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation not contained in or not 
consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other document entered into in relation to the Programme or any 
information supplied by the Issuer or the Guarantor or such other information as is in the public domain and, 
if given or made, such information or representation should not be relied upon as having been authorised by 
the Issuer, the Guarantor or any Dealer. 
Neither the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates have authorised the whole or any part of this Base 
Prospectus and none of them makes any representation or warranty or accepts any responsibility as to the 
accuracy or completeness of the information contained in this Base Prospectus or any responsibility for any act 
or omission of the Issuer or any other person (other than the relevant Dealer) in connection with the issue and 
offering of the Notes. Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms nor the offering, sale or 
delivery of any Note shall, in any circumstances, create any implication that the information contained in this 
Base Prospectus is true subsequent to the date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been 
most recently supplemented or that there has been no adverse change, or any event reasonably likely to involve 
any adverse change, in the prospects or financial or trading position of the Issuer or the Guarantor since the 
date thereof or, if later, the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently supplemented or that 
any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is correct at any time subsequent to the date 
on which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the document containing the same.

--- Page 4 ---
- 4 -
 
 
Restrictions on distribution 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and any Final Terms and the offering, sale and delivery of the Notes 
in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus or any 
Final Terms comes are required by the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Dealers to inform themselves about, and 
to observe, any such restrictions. For a description of certain restrictions on offers, sales and deliveries of Notes 
and on the distribution of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms and other offering material relating to the 
Notes, see “Subscription and Sale”. 
In particular, the Notes and the guarantee thereof have not been and will not be registered under the United 
States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”) and are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. 
Subject to certain exceptions, Notes may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or to U.S. 
persons. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any Final Terms constitutes an offer or an invitation to subscribe for or 
purchase any Notes and should not be considered as a recommendation by the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Dealers 
or any of them that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms should subscribe for or purchase 
any Notes. Each recipient of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms shall be taken to have made its own 
investigation and appraisal of the condition (financial or otherwise) of the Issuer and the Guarantor. 
Product Governance under EU MiFID II  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the EU MiFID Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the “EU MiFID Product Governance Rules”), 
any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the 
Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the EU 
MiFID Product Governance Rules.  
The Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be in respect of any Notes may include a legend 
entitled “EU MiFID II Product Governance” which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, 
selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to EU MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels. 
Product Governance under UK MiFIR 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR product 
governance rules set out in the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the 
“UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect 
of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be 
a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules. 
The Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be in respect of any Notes may include a legend 
entitled “UK MiFIR Product Governance” which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate.  Any distributor should take into 
consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by 
either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the European Economic Area (“EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is 
one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II; or (ii) a customer 
within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended, the “EU Insurance Distribution Directive”), 
where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of EU 
MiFID II. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as 
amended, the “EU PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available

--- Page 5 ---
- 5 -
 
 
to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the EU PRIIPs Regulation. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom (“UK”).  For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); or (ii) a customer within 
the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (“FSMA”) and any 
rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as 
it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs 
Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK 
has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.  
Product classification pursuant to Section 309B of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled “Singapore Securities and Futures Act 
Product Classification” which will state the product classification of the Notes pursuant to Section 309B(1) of 
the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore, as modified or amended from time to time (the “SFA”).  If 
applicable, the Issuer will make a determination and provide the appropriate written notification to “relevant 
persons” in relation to each issue about the classification of the Notes being offered for the purposes of Section 
309B(1)(a) and Section 309B(1)(c) of the SFA. 
Programme limit 
The maximum aggregate principal amount of Notes outstanding and guaranteed at any one time under the 
Programme will not exceed €3,000,000,000 (and for this purpose, any Notes denominated in another currency 
shall be translated into euro at the date of the agreement to issue such Notes (calculated in accordance with the 
provisions of the Dealer Agreement)). The maximum aggregate principal amount of Notes which may be 
outstanding and guaranteed at any one time under the Programme may be increased from time to time, subject 
to compliance with the relevant provisions of the Dealer Agreement as defined under “Subscription and Sale”. 
Certain definitions 
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified, references to a “Member State” are references to a 
Member State of the European Economic Area, references to “U.S.$”, “U.S. dollars” or “dollars” are to United 
States dollars, references to “EUR” or “euro” are to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of 
European economic and monetary union, and as defined in Article 2 of Council Regulation (EC) No 974/98 of 
3 May 1998 on the introduction of the euro, as amended, and references to “UK MiFIR” are references to 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. For the definition of 
certain technical terms, see “Glossary of Technical Terms”. For an explanation of certain terms relating to 
hydrocarbon reserves and resources estimates, see “—Presentation of Hydrocarbon Data”. 
Foreign language text 
The language of the Base Prospectus is English. Certain legislative references and technical terms have been 
cited in their original language in order that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed to them under 
applicable law. 
Rounding 
Certain figures included in this Base Prospectus have been subject to rounding adjustments; accordingly, 
figures shown for the same category presented in different tables may vary slightly and figures shown as totals 
in certain tables may not be an arithmetic aggregation of the figures which precede them.

--- Page 6 ---
- 6 -
 
 
Ratings 
Tranches of Notes issued under the Programme will be rated or unrated.  Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, 
such rating will not necessarily be the same as the rating(s) described above or the rating(s) assigned to Notes 
already issued.  Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, the applicable rating(s) will be specified in the relevant 
Final Terms.  Whether or not each credit rating applied for in relation to a relevant Tranche of Notes will be 
(1) issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA 
Regulation or by a credit rating agency which is certified under the EU CRA Regulation and/or (2) issued or 
endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation or by a 
credit rating agency which is certified under the UK CRA Regulation will be disclosed in the Final Terms. In 
general, European regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating 
is not (1) issued by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation 
or (2) provided by a credit rating agency not established in the EEA but is endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation or (3) provided by a credit rating agency 
not established in the EEA which is certified under the EU CRA Regulation.  In general, UK regulated investors 
are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not (1) issued by a credit rating agency 
established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation or (2) provided by a credit rating agency 
not established in the UK but is endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under 
the UK CRA Regulation or (3) provided by a credit rating agency not established in the UK which is certified 
under the UK CRA Regulation. 
Stabilisation 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in the applicable 
Final Terms may over-allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of 
the Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However, stabilisation may not 
necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public 
disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is made and, if begun, may cease at 
any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche 
of Notes and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche of Notes. Any stabilisation 
action or over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant Stabilisation Manager(s) (or person(s) acting 
on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws and rules.  
Alternative Performance Measures 
Certain alternative performance measures (as defined in the ESMA Guidelines on Alternative Performance 
Measures) (“Alternative Performance Measures” or “APMs”) are included in this Base Prospectus (which 
reference includes any information incorporated by reference herein). Such APMs, which have not been 
prepared in accordance with the International Financial Reporting Standards, as adopted by the EU (“IFRS-
EU”), have been extracted or derived from the accounting records of the Group. 
The Guarantor uses APMs to provide additional information to investors and to enhance their understanding 
of the Group’s results. The APMs should be viewed as complementary to, rather than a substitute for, the 
figures determined according to IFRS-EU. Such APMs are non-IFRS financial measures and have not been 
audited or reviewed, and are not recognised measures of financial performance or liquidity under IFRS but are 
used by management to monitor the underlying performance of the business, operations and financial condition 
of the Group. 
These non-IFRS financial measures may not be indicative of the Group’s historical results, nor are such 
measures meant to be predictive of its future results. The Guarantor has presented these non-financial measures 
in this Base Prospectus because it considers them to be important supplemental measures of the Group’s 
performance or liquidity, because these and similar measures are seen to be used widely in the oil and gas 
sector as a means of evaluating a company’s operating performance and liquidity. However, not all companies 
calculate non-IFRS financial measures in the same manner or on a consistent basis. As a result, these measures 
may not be comparable to measures used by other companies under the same or similar names. Accordingly, 
undue reliance should not be placed on the non-IFRS financial measures contained in this Base Prospectus and 
they should not be considered as a substitute for operating profit, profit for the year, cash flow from operating, 
investing or financing activities, expenses or financial measures computed in accordance with IFRS-EU.

--- Page 7 ---
- 7 -
 
 
The non-IFRS financial measures presented as APMs are defined below: 
“EBITDA” consists of the income and expenses arising from the operations of each business unit, including 
net provisioning, as well as the results from assets disposals. Its determination does not include the amortisation 
and impairment of its non-current assets, nor the transfer to income of capital grants or, of course, financial or 
non-operating results. 
See Note 6 to the 2023 Consolidated Financial Statements and Note 6 to the 2022 Consolidated Financial 
Statements for a reconciliation of this APM. 
“Liquidity” consists of the cash and cash equivalents on balance sheet and the available undrawn committed 
and uncommitted facilities: 
€ millions (unless otherwise stated) 
Year ended 31 December 
Variation (%) 
 
2023 
2022 
 
Cash & cash equivalents1 
659 
476 
38% 
Available undrawn committed lines 
3,432 
3,270 
5% 
Available undrawn uncommitted lines 
268 
277 
(3%) 
Total Liquidity 
4,359 
4,023 
8% 
(1) See Note 16 to the 2023 Consolidated Financial Statements  
Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors 
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors. Each potential investor in the Notes must 
determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances.  
In particular, each potential investor should: 
 have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the relevant Notes, the 
merits and risk of investing in the relevant Notes and the information contained or incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement; 
 have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its particular 
financial situation, an investment in the relevant Notes and the impact such investment will have on its 
overall investment portfolio; 
 have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the relevant 
Notes or where the currency for principal or interest payments is different from the currency in which 
such investor’s financial activities are principally denominated; 
 understand thoroughly the terms of the relevant Notes and be familiar with the behaviour of any relevant 
benchmarks and financial markets; and 
 be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for economic, 
interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
Some of the Notes may be complex financial instruments and such instruments may be purchased by investors 
as a way to reduce risk or enhance yield with an understood, measured, appropriate addition of risk to their 
overall portfolios. A potential investor should not invest in Notes which are complex financial instruments 
unless it has the expertise (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) to evaluate how the Notes will 
perform under changing conditions, the resulting effects on the value of such Notes and the impact this 
investment will have on the potential investor’s overall investment portfolio.

--- Page 8 ---
- 8 -
 
 
No Active Trading Market 
Notes issued under the Programme will be new securities which may not be widely distributed and for which 
there is currently no active trading market (unless, in the case of any particular Tranche, such Tranche is to be 
consolidated with and form a single series with an outstanding Tranche of Notes). If the Notes are traded after 
their initial issuance, they may trade at a discount to their initial offering price, depending upon prevailing 
interest rates, the market for similar securities, general economic conditions and the financial condition of the 
Issuer and the Guarantor. Although application has been made to Euronext Dublin for Notes issued under the 
Programme during the period of 12 months after the date of this Base Prospectus to be admitted to the official 
list and to trading on its regulated market, there is no assurance that such applications will be accepted, that 
any particular Tranche of Notes will be so admitted or that an active trading market will develop. Accordingly, 
there is no assurance as to the development or liquidity of any trading market for any particular Tranche of 
Notes. 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investment 
The investment activities of certain investors are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or review or 
regulation by certain authorities. Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether 
and to what extent: (i) Notes are legal investments for it; (ii) Notes can be used as collateral for various types 
of borrowing; and (iii) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes. Financial institutions 
should consult their legal advisors or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of Notes 
under any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules. 
Presentation of Hydrocarbon Data 
We evaluate and categorise our hydrocarbon reserves in accordance with the Society of Petroleum Engineer’s 
Petroleum Resources Management System, as revised from time to time, which latest update was 2018 (“SPE-
PRMS”). As per the SPE-PRMS: 
 “Proved reserves” (or “1P”) are quantities of petroleum that, by analysis of geoscience and engineering 
data, can be estimated with reasonable certainty to be commercially recoverable, from a given date 
forward, from known reservoirs under defined economic conditions, operating methods and government 
regulations. If deterministic methods are used, the term “reasonable certainty” is intended to express a 
high degree of confidence that the quantities will be recovered. If probabilistic methods are used, there 
should be at least a 90% probability that the quantities actually recovered will equal or exceed the 
estimate. 
 “Probable reserves” are those additional reserves which analysis of geoscience and engineering  data  
indicate are less likely to be recovered than proved reserves but more certain to be recovered than 
possible reserves. It is equally likely that actual remaining quantities recovered will be greater than or 
less than the sum of the estimated proved plus probable reserves (or “2P”). In this context, when 
probabilistic methods are used, there should be at least a 50% probability that the actual quantities 
recovered will equal or exceed the 2P estimate. 
 “Contingent resources” are quantities of petroleum estimated, as of a given date, to be potentially 
recoverable from known accumulations by application of development projects, but which are not 
currently considered to be commercially recoverable owing to one or more contingencies. Contingent 
resources are further categorised in accordance with the level of certainty associated with the estimates 
and may be sub-classified based on project maturity and/or characterised by the economic status. 
Our reserves and contingent resources are audited by a third-party independent oil and gas consultant on a 
biennial basis, or when required. 
The estimates of our reserves and resources are based on internal estimates, in each case in accordance with 
the standards established by the SPE-PRMS. 
Operational data and other information relating to our E&P assets are typically subject to strict confidentiality 
obligations in favour of the awarding national oil company or other third parties. Disclosure of such information 
may not be permitted or otherwise require prior written consent of such counterparties, which we have not 
always been able to obtain on a consistent basis. As a result, the range of operational data and other information 
relating to our E&P assets and interests presented in this Base Prospectus may differ, and, in certain instances,

--- Page 9 ---
- 9 -
 
 
may be more restricted than operational data and other information disclosed by comparable companies 
operating in the E&P sector. 
For information purposes only, we have presented estimations of natural gas volumes in terms of barrels of oil 
equivalent, converted by the Guarantor at a rate of 6,000 standard cubic feet per barrel of oil equivalent. 
Forward-looking statements 
This Base Prospectus includes forward-looking statements that reflect the Group’s intentions, beliefs or current 
expectations and projections about the Group’s future results of operations, financial condition, liquidity, 
performance, prospects, anticipated growth, strategies, plans, opportunities, trends and the markets in which 
the Group operates or intends to operate. Forward-looking statements involve all matters that are not historical 
fact. These and other forward-looking statements can be identified by the words “may”, “will”, “would”, 
“should”, “expect”, “intend”, “estimate”, “anticipate”, “project”, “future”, “potential”, “believe”, “seek”, 
“plan”, “aim”, “objective”, “goal”, “strategy”, “target”, “continue” and similar expressions or their negatives. 
These forward-looking statements are based on numerous assumptions regarding the Group’s present and 
future business and the environment in which the Group expects to operate in the future. Forward-looking 
statements may be found in sections of this Base Prospectus entitled “Risk Factors”, “Information on the 
Group” and elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. 
These forward-looking statements are subject to known and unknown risks, uncertainties and assumptions and 
other factors that could cause the Group’s actual results of operations, financial condition, liquidity, 
performance, prospects, anticipated growth, strategies, plans or opportunities, as well as those of the markets 
the Group serves or intends to serve, to differ materially from those expressed in, or suggested by, these 
forward-looking statements. Except as otherwise required by Spanish, Irish and other applicable securities laws 
and regulations and by any applicable stock exchange regulations, the Group undertakes no obligation to update 
publicly or revise publicly any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future 
events, changed circumstances or any other reason after the date of this Base Prospectus. Given the uncertainty 
inherent in forward-looking statements, prospective investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these 
statements. 
Third party information 
Where information in this Base Prospectus has been sourced from third parties, this information has been 
accurately reproduced and, as far as the Issuer and the Guarantor are aware and are able to ascertain from the 
information published by such third parties, no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced 
information inaccurate or misleading. The source of third party information is identified where used.

--- Page 10 ---
- 10 -
 
 
CONTENTS 
 
Page 
IMPORTANT NOTICES ................................................................................................................................... 3 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME ........................................................................................................... 11 
RISK FACTORS .............................................................................................................................................. 16 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ................................................................................ 39 
FINAL TERMS AND DRAWDOWN PROSPECTUSES .............................................................................. 41 
FORMS OF THE NOTES ................................................................................................................................ 42 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ............................................................................................. 46 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS .............................................................................................................................. 77 
SUMMARY OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM ..................... 92 
USE OF PROCEEDS ....................................................................................................................................... 94 
INFORMATION ON THE ISSUER ................................................................................................................ 95 
INFORMATION ON THE GUARANTOR ..................................................................................................... 96 
INFORMATION ON THE GROUP .............................................................................................................. 101 
TAXATION ................................................................................................................................................... 120 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ....................................................................................................................... 127 
BENCHMARKS REGULATION .................................................................................................................. 132 
GENERAL INFORMATION ........................................................................................................................ 133 
GLOSSARY OF TECHNICAL TERMS ....................................................................................................... 135

--- Page 11 ---
- 11 -
 
 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
This overview must be read as an introduction to this Base Prospectus and any decision to invest in the Notes 
should be based on a consideration of the Base Prospectus as a whole, including any information incorporated 
by reference. This overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety 
by, the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to an issuance of a particular Tranche of Notes, the 
applicable Final Terms. Words and expressions defined in the “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” below or 
elsewhere in this Base Prospectus have the same meanings in this overview. 
Issuer: 
CEPSA Finance, S.A.U. 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) of 
the Issuer: 
959800QEUH8V5SPPCB45 
Guarantor: 
Compañía Española de Petróleos, S.A. 
Risk Factors: 
Investing in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks. 
The principal risk factors that may affect the abilities of the Issuer to 
fulfil its obligations under the Notes are discussed under “Risk 
Factors”. 
Arranger: 
HSBC Continental Europe 
Dealers: 
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A., Banco Santander, S.A., Bank 
of China (Europe) S.A., Barclays Bank Ireland PLC, BofA Securities 
Europe SA, CaixaBank, S.A., Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft, First 
Abu Dhabi Bank PJSC, HSBC Continental Europe, Intesa Sanpaolo 
S.p.A., NATIXIS, SMBC Bank EU AG and UniCredit Bank GmbH 
Fiscal Agent and Paying Agent: 
The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch 
Irish Listing Agent: 
Maples & Calder 
Final Terms or Drawdown 
Prospectus: 
Notes issued under the Programme may be issued either (1) pursuant 
to this Base Prospectus and associated Final Terms or (2) pursuant to a 
Drawdown Prospectus. The terms and conditions applicable to any 
particular Tranche of Notes will be the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes as completed by the relevant Final Terms or, as the case may be, 
as supplemented, amended and/or replaced in the relevant Drawdown 
Prospectus. 
Listing and Trading: 
Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for the Notes to be 
admitted to the Official List of Euronext Dublin and trading on the 
Regulated Market. The Programme also permits Notes to be issued on 
the basis that they will be admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation 
by such other or further competent authorities, stock exchanges and/or 
quotation systems as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer(s). The competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation 
systems to which application has been made for a Series to be admitted 
to listing, trading and/or quotation will be specified in the Final Terms 
for that Series. 
Clearing Systems: 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or, in relation to any 
Tranche of Notes, any other clearing system as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
Initial Programme Amount: 
Up to €3,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies) aggregate 
principal amount of Notes outstanding and guaranteed at any one time. 
The Issuer may increase the aggregate principal amount of Notes which

--- Page 12 ---
- 12 -
 
 
may be outstanding and guaranteed at any one time under the 
Programme in accordance with the terms of the Dealer Agreement. 
Issuance in Series: 
Notes will be issued in Series. Each Series may comprise one or more 
Tranches issued on different issue dates. The Notes of each Series will 
all be subject to identical terms, except that the issue date and the 
amount of the first payment of interest may be different in respect of 
different Tranches. The Notes of each Tranche will all be subject to 
identical terms in all respects save that a Tranche may comprise Notes 
of different denominations. 
Forms of Notes: 
Notes may only be issued in bearer form. Each Tranche of Notes will 
initially be in the form of either a Temporary Global Note or a 
Permanent Global Note (each, a “Global Note”), in each case as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. Each Global Note which is not 
intended to be issued in new global note form (a “Classic Global Note” 
or “CGN”), as specified in the relevant Final Terms, will be deposited 
on or around the relevant issue date with a depositary or a common 
depositary for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any 
other relevant clearing system and each Global Note which is intended 
to be issued in new global note form (a “New Global Note” or 
“NGN”), as specified in the relevant Final Terms, will be deposited on 
or around the relevant issue date with a common safekeeper for 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg. Each Temporary Global 
Note will be exchangeable for a Permanent Global Note or, if so 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, for Definitive Notes. If the 
TEFRA D Rules are specified in the relevant Final Terms as applicable, 
certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership will be a condition 
precedent to any exchange of an interest in a Temporary Global Note 
or receipt of any payment of interest in respect of a Temporary Global 
Note. Each Permanent Global Note will be exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes in accordance with its terms. Definitive Notes will have Coupons 
attached and, if appropriate, a Talon for further Coupons. 
Currencies: 
Notes may be denominated in any currency or currencies, subject to 
compliance with all applicable legal and/or regulatory and/or central 
bank requirements. 
Status of the Notes and 
Guarantee: 
The Notes and the obligations of the Guarantor under the Deed of 
Guarantee will constitute unsubordinated and, subject to the negative 
pledge provision described in Condition 5 (Negative Pledge) below, 
unsecured obligations of the Issuer and the Guarantor, all as described 
in “Terms and Conditions of the Notes—Status and Guarantee”. 
Status of the Deed of 
Guarantee: 
Notes will be unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by the 
Guarantor, on an unsubordinated basis, as set out in the Deed of 
Guarantee. 
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued at any price, as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. The price and amount of Notes to be issued under the 
Programme will be determined by the Issuer, the Guarantor and the 
relevant Dealer(s) at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing 
market conditions. 
Maturities: 
Any maturity, subject to compliance with all applicable legal and/or 
regulatory and/or central bank requirements. 
 
Where Notes have a maturity of less than one year and either (a) the 
issue proceeds are received by the Issuer in the United Kingdom or (b) 
the activity of issuing the Notes is carried on from an establishment

--- Page 13 ---
- 13 -
 
 
maintained by the Issuer in the United Kingdom, such Notes must: (i) 
have a minimum redemption value of £100,000 (or its equivalent in 
other currencies) and be issued only to persons whose ordinary 
activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses 
or who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose 
of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their 
businesses; or (ii) be issued in other circumstances which do not 
constitute a contravention of section 19 of the FSMA by the Issuer. 
Interest: 
Interest may accrue at a fixed rate or a floating rate. 
Fixed Rate Notes:  
Fixed interest will be payable on such date or dates as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer and on redemption and will be 
calculated on the basis of such Day Count Fraction as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
Floating Rate Notes:  
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest at a rate determined: 
 
(a) 
on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional interest rate 
swap transaction in the relevant Specified Currency governed by an 
agreement incorporating the 2006 ISDA Definitions (as 
supplemented, amended and updated as at the Issue Date of the first 
Tranche of the Notes of the relevant Series (as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms)) as published by the International Swaps and 
Derivatives Association, Inc. or the latest version of ISDA 2021 
Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions, including each Matrix (as 
defined therein) (and any successor thereto), as specified in the 
relevant final terms, each as published by ISDA (or any successor) 
on its website (http://www.isda.org), on the date of issue of the first 
Tranche of the Notes of such Series; or 
 
(b) 
on the basis of a reference rate appearing on the agreed screen page 
of a commercial quotation service. 
 
The margin (if any) relating to such floating rate will be agreed between the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer for each Series of Floating Rate Notes. 
 
Floating Rate Notes may also have a maximum interest rate, a minimum 
interest rate or both. 
 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes in respect of each Interest Period, as agreed 
prior to issue by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer, will be payable on such 
Interest Payment Dates, and will be calculated on the basis of such Day 
Count Fraction, as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer. 
Redemption: 
Notes may be redeemable at least at their principal amount or such 
other higher amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms.  
Redemption by Instalments: 
The Final Terms issued in respect of each issue of Notes that are 
redeemable in two or more instalments will set out the dates on which, 
and the amounts in which, such Notes may be redeemed. 
Optional Redemption, Change 
of Control and Noteholder Put: 
Notes may be redeemed before their stated maturity at the option of the 
Issuer (either in whole or in part) and/or the Noteholders to the extent 
(if at all) specified in the relevant Final Terms, as further described in 
Conditions 9(c) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer) to 9(h) 
(Change of Control Put Option), inclusive. In each case, the Notes will 
be redeemed at the Redemption Amount or the amount specified in the

--- Page 14 ---
- 14 -
 
 
relevant Final Terms, as the case may be. If so specified in the Final 
Terms, the Redemption Amount in respect of redemption at the option 
of the Issuer will be the Make-Whole Redemption Amount, plus 
accrued interest (if any). 
In addition, if the relevant Final Terms so specifies, Noteholders shall 
have the option to require the Issuer to redeem the relevant Notes at the 
Redemption Amount plus accrued interest, as further described in 
Condition 9(h) (Change of Control Put Option) and Condition 9(e) 
(Redemption at the option of the Noteholders). 
Finally, the Issuer shall have the option, (i) if so specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, in the event of a Substantial Purchase Event to 
redeem or purchase the Notes in accordance with Condition 9(f) 
(Redemption following a Substantial Purchase Event) or, (ii) if 
Residual Maturity Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as being applicable, to redeem the Notes in accordance with Condition 
9(g) (Residual Maturity Call Option); in each case, in whole at their 
principal amount together with any accrued and unpaid interest.  
Tax Redemption: 
Other than in the circumstances described in “Optional Redemption” 
above, early redemption will only be permitted for tax reasons as 
described in Condition 9(b) (Redemption and Purchase - Redemption 
for tax reasons).  
Denominations: 
No Notes may be issued under the Programme which have a minimum 
denomination of less than EUR 100,000 (or equivalent in another 
currency) in the case of Notes to be admitted to trading on a regulated 
market as defined in Article 4, paragraph 1, point 21 of EU MiFID II 
and/or offered to the public in an EEA member state or the United 
Kingdom in circumstances which require the publication of a 
prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation, and in compliance with 
all applicable legal and/or regulatory and/or central bank requirements. 
Subject thereto, Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, subject to compliance with all 
applicable legal and/or regulatory and/or central bank requirements. 
Negative Pledge: 
The Notes will have the benefit of a negative pledge provision as 
described in Condition 5 (Negative Pledge). 
Cross Default: 
The Notes will have the benefit of a cross default provision as 
described in Condition 12 (Events of Default). 
Taxation: 
Payments in respect of Notes will be made without withholding or 
deduction for, or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed or 
levied by or on behalf of the Kingdom of Spain or any political 
subdivision thereof or any authority or agency therein or thereof having 
power to tax, unless the withholding or deduction of such taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges is required by law. In that event, 
the Issuer or the Guarantor (as the case may be) will, save in certain 
limited circumstances (as described in Condition 11 (Taxation)), pay 
such additional amounts as will result in the holders of Notes (the 
“Noteholders”) or Coupons receiving such amounts as they would 
have received in respect of such Notes or Coupons had no such 
withholding or deduction been required. 
Information requirements 
under Spanish Tax Law: 
Under Spanish Law 10/2014 and Royal Decree 1065/2007 as amended, 
the Issuer or the Guarantor (as the case may be) is required to provide

--- Page 15 ---
- 15 -
 
 
the Spanish tax authorities with certain information relating to the 
Notes in a timely manner. 
If the Fiscal Agent fails to provide the Issuer with the required 
information described under “Taxation—Taxation in Spain—
Information about the Notes in Connection with payments”, the Issuer 
may be required to withhold tax (as at the date of this Base Prospectus, 
at a rate of 19 per cent.) from any payment in respect of the relevant 
Notes as to which the required information has not been provided. In 
that event, the Issuer or the Guarantor (as the case may be) will pay 
such additional amounts as will result in Noteholders receiving such 
amounts as they would have received in respect of such Notes or 
Coupons had no such withholding or deduction been required. 
None of the Arrangers, the Dealers or the clearing systems assume any 
responsibility therefor. 
Governing Law: 
Save as provided below, the Notes and any non-contractual obligations 
arising out of or in connection with the Notes are governed by English 
law. Conditions 4(a) and (c) will be governed by Spanish law.  
Enforcement of Notes in Global 
Form: 
In the case of Global Notes, individual investors will acquire rights 
directly against the Issuer under a Deed of Covenant dated 2 April 
2024, a copy of which will be available for inspection at the Specified 
Office of the Fiscal Agent. 
Ratings: 
Tranches of Notes issued under the Programme will be rated or 
unrated.  Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, such rating will not 
necessarily be the same as the rating(s) described above or the rating(s) 
assigned to Notes already issued.  Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, 
the applicable rating(s) will be specified in the relevant Final Terms.  
Whether or not each credit rating applied for in relation to a relevant 
Tranche of Notes will be (1) issued or endorsed by a credit rating 
agency established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA 
Regulation or by a credit rating agency which is certified under the EU 
CRA Regulation and/or (2) issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation or 
by a credit rating agency which is certified under the UK CRA 
Regulation will be disclosed in the Final Terms. 
A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold Notes and may 
be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the 
assigning rating agency. 
Selling Restrictions: 
For a description of certain restrictions on offers, sales and deliveries 
of Notes and on the distribution of offering materials in the United 
States of America, EEA and UK Retail Investors, Belgium, France, 
Japan, Hong Kong, Italy, Singapore, the United Kingdom and the 
Kingdom of Spain, see “Subscription and Sale”.  
Use of Proceeds: 
The net proceeds from each issue of Notes will be used by the Issuer 
for its general corporate purposes (including the repayment of existing 
indebtedness). If, in respect of a particular issue, there is a particular 
identified use of proceeds, this will be stated in the relevant Final 
Terms.

--- Page 16 ---
- 16 -
 
 
RISK FACTORS 
Any investment in the Notes is subject to a number of risks. Prospective investors should carefully consider all 
the information set forth in this Base Prospectus, the applicable Final Terms and any documents incorporated 
by reference into this Base Prospectus, as well as their own personal circumstances, before deciding to invest 
in any Notes. Prospective investors should have particular regard to, among other matters, the considerations 
set out in this section of this Base Prospectus.  
Each of the Issuer and the Guarantor believes that each of the following risk factors, many of which are beyond 
the control of the Issuer and the Guarantor or are difficult to predict, may materially affect its financial position 
and its ability to fulfil its obligations under Notes issued under the Programme. In addition, there may be other 
factors that a prospective investor should consider that are relevant to its own particular circumstances or 
generally. 
Risk factors that are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes issued under 
the Programme are also described below. 
Each of the Issuer and the Guarantor believes that the risk factors described below represent the principal risk 
factors inherent in investing in Notes issued under the Programme, but the inability of the Issuer or the 
Guarantor to pay interest, principal or other amounts on or in connection with any Notes may occur for other 
reasons, which may not be considered significant risks by the Issuer and the Guarantor based on information 
currently available to them or which they may not currently be able to anticipate. Prospective investors should 
also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus, including the descriptions of the 
Issuer and the Guarantor, as well as the documents incorporated by reference, and reach their own views prior 
to making any investment decisions. 
Those risk factors that the Issuer and the Guarantor believe are the most material as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus have been presented first in each category. The order of presentation of the remaining risk factors 
in each category is not intended to be an indication of the probability of their occurrence or of their potential 
effect on the Issuer’s ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes. Furthermore, the order of presentation of 
the categories themselves is not intended to be an indication of their importance or materiality. 
Before making an investment decision with respect to any Notes, prospective investors should consult their 
own stockbroker, bank manager, lawyer, accountant or other financial, legal and tax advisers and carefully 
review the risks entailed by an investment in the Notes and consider such an investment decision in the light of 
the prospective investor’s personal circumstances. 
Words and expressions defined in “Term and Conditions of the Notes” shall have the same meanings in this 
section. 
(I) RISK FACTORS THAT MAY AFFECT THE ISSUER’S AND THE GUARANTOR’S ABILITY TO 
FULFIL THEIR OBLIGATIONS UNDER THE SECURITIES 
The risk factors set out below are applicable to the Issuer as a member of the Group, and the Guarantor. 
1. 
OPERATIONAL RISKS 
The nature of our business exposes us to a wide range of health, safety and environmental risks.  
The technical complexity of our operations exposes us to a wide range of health, safety and environmental 
(“HSE”) risks, particularly where our facilities are located in environmentally-sensitive regions or protected 
areas (such as maritime environments or remote areas with dense vegetation and/or endemism) or in the 
proximity of densely populated areas or in remote areas with local and indigenous communities. 
The HSE risks related to our operations include equipment failures, explosions, fire, gaseous leaks, 
uncontrolled discharge of harmful substances and hydrocarbon spills, which could represent a significant risk 
to people and the environment.  
In addition, our upstream operations involve other activities such as seismic exploration and production 
drilling, development and production activities as well as decommissioning. In all these oil and gas phases, 
including decommissioning, there are risks with HSE consequences such as well blowouts, oil and chemical

--- Page 17 ---
- 17 -
 
 
spills, generation of hazardous drilling wastes, gas leaks, gas flaring, explosions and fires, transport incidents, 
among other things. 
Moreover, the shipping of oil and other products and the operation of energy parks and fuel distribution 
terminals are hazardous and involve inherent risks, including fires, collision and other catastrophic disasters, 
spills and other environmental mishaps, natural disasters, equipment failure, work accidents and operational 
catastrophes, severe damage to and destruction of property and equipment and loss of product and business 
interruption.   
Our distribution operations are also exposed to risks relating to the storage, handling, use and sale of petroleum 
products, the emission and discharge of such substances into the environment, the content and characteristics 
of fuel products and the safety of our service stations.  
Our petrochemical operations are subject to hazards associated with chemical manufacturing and the related 
use, storage, transportation and disposal of raw materials, products and wastes, including explosions, fires, 
severe weather and natural disasters, accidents, mechanical failures, discharges or releases of toxic or 
hazardous substances or gases, transportation interruptions, pipeline leaks and ruptures.  
In addition, we have incurred costs, and may in the future incur costs, which may be substantial, for 
investigation or remediation of contamination at our industrial plants and current, former and future service 
stations and other locations that store and handle petroleum products, and we may be subject to significant 
liability for environmental contamination, without regard to fault or legality of our conduct, including through 
contractual indemnification obligations given to previous or successive owners or operators of service stations 
acquired or sold.  
The occurrence of any HSE risk could, individually or in the aggregate, have a material adverse effect on our 
employees, contractors, environment, business, financial condition, results of operations, prospects and 
reputation. 
We are subject to risks associated with failures in information systems and cyber-security.  
The operation of many of our business processes depends on the uninterrupted availability of our information 
technology (“IT”) and operational technology (“OT”) systems. To maintain competitiveness, we are 
increasingly reliant on automation, centralised operation and new technologies to manage and monitor our 
complex production and processing activities. A cyber-attack on any technology system could potentially have 
serious consequences.  
As is the case for other industrial companies, one of our main priorities is to protect our assets which, as OT 
systems become more sophisticated, frequently include IT components, such as the supervisory control and 
data acquisition (SCADA) systems often used in industrial plants. Management and control of cyber threats is 
critical to protecting our assets and, as the complexity of our OT systems develops, those systems also become 
more complex. If an OT system experiences a cyber-attack, the consequences may include prolonged outages 
of critical services which could cause environmental damage or, in extreme cases, fatalities.  
In recent years, incidents in the oil sector and other industries have shown that parties who are able to 
circumvent barriers aimed at securing industrial control systems are capable and willing to perform attacks that 
destroy, disrupt or otherwise compromise operations. Our energy parks in Spain (Gibraltar San Roque, La 
Rábida and Tenerife) and our chemical facility in Palos de la Frontera have been characterised by the Spanish 
government as “critical infrastructure assets” (others as “strategic infrastructure assets”), potentially increasing 
their attractiveness as a target for cyber-attacks. In addition, we are required by law to assess and monitor the 
resilience of the local and shared IT systems used at those facilities to cyber-attack on a continuous basis.  
Although we have security barriers, policies and risk management processes in place that are designed to 
protect our information systems and digital infrastructure against a range of security threats, there can be no 
assurance that such attacks will not occur, which could have a material adverse impact on our operations. 
Furthermore, any failure to protect our information systems and digital infrastructure from any of the foregoing 
or other IT risks could affect the confidentiality, integrity or availability of such systems, including those 
critical to our operations. In addition, we could face regulatory action, legal liability, damage to our reputation, 
a significant reduction in revenue or increase in costs, a shutdown of our operations and losses on our 
investments in affected areas, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial 
condition, results of operations and prospects.

--- Page 18 ---
- 18 -
 
 
Our insurance coverage could prove inadequate. 
Our insurance policies are subject to limits, deductibles and specific terms and conditions and, as is consistent 
with general industry best practice, cover only certain aspects of our business. While we maintain insurance 
policies that include coverage for property damage to our facilities, third-party liability, workers’ compensation 
in accordance with local regulations, employer’s liability, environmental liability and cyber incidents, such 
insurance is subject to deductibles that must be met prior to recovery and to certain caps, exclusions and 
limitations. In the event of a material environmental incident, we may face liability without regard to fault and 
there can be no assurance that our insurance coverage would adequately protect against all potential liability, 
or at all. In addition, limits, deductibles and other commercial terms may, in the future, become less favourable 
due to market conditions or other factors and there can be no assurance that we will, at all times, be able to 
obtain or maintain insurance with the coverage that we desire on reasonable terms and at reasonable rates. 
Certain insurance coverage could become entirely unavailable or available only for significantly reduced 
amounts of coverage. If we were to incur a significant liability for which we were not, or could not be, fully 
insured, this could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and 
prospects. 
Our current, past and future investments with partners and in joint ventures may expose us to financial, 
performance and reputational/regulatory risks. 
Our “Positive Motion” strategy (including, among other things, investments in Mobility & New Commerce 
and Commercial & Clean Energies) and certain of our major projects and operations are or will be conducted 
through partnerships, joint ventures and similar arrangements (including those where we have a non-controlling 
stake). Our investments in joint ventures may expose us to additional risks over which we have limited or no 
control. Such risks can include: 
 
Conflicts of interest: Many of our joint venture projects are long-term arrangements and the 
interests of the different consortium members may diverge over the life of project resulting 
in competing business strategies and priorities. In addition, our joint venture partners may 
take actions diverging from agreed instructions or requests or contrary to our policies and 
objectives. 
 
Governance: The contractual provisions relating to the governance of our joint venture 
arrangements may require us to seek the consent of one or more partners to approve certain 
key decisions and/or may limit our ability to block or veto key decisions where we disagree. 
For example, the consent of our joint venture partners may be required for the payment of 
distributions or for the sale of our investment. This could prevent us from managing our 
investment in the manner that we would prefer and may hinder or prevent us from realising 
the benefits of our investment. These governance arrangements can ultimately cause the joint 
venture to become deadlocked if the shareholders have a fundamental disagreement over a 
key matter, and any such deadlock could act to the overall detriment of the joint venture and, 
by extension, our operations. These governance risks are amplified in those joint ventures 
where we have partnered with several companies given that there is greater potential for 
differences of opinion to arise, increasing the likelihood of dispute and deadlock. 
 
Financial: We are exposed to the credit risk of our joint venture partners. Many of these 
projects are capital intensive and require significant investments from the partners to fund 
initial project costs and any cost overruns. If one of our partners is unable or refuses to fund 
its proportion of such investments, we may be unable to complete the project on time and on 
budget, if at all. In addition, if one of our partners in a joint venture were to suffer an 
insolvency event, it could lead to the liquidation of that partner’s investment in the project, 
which could, in turn, adversely affect the joint venture operations. In addition, with respect 
to our Exploration & Production (“E&P”) concessions, we are occasionally required to 
accept joint and several liability with our joint venture partners towards the awarding 
governmental authority.  
 
Operational: We may be exposed to operational risks, including HSE risks, attributable to 
failures of our partners’ operations and activities, and which we are not able to control. This 
is generally the case where one of our partners is the sole operator of the facilities owned by 
the joint venture or where the joint venture is an independent legal entity.

--- Page 19 ---
- 19 -
 
 
 
Other: We may be affected by any material damage to the business reputation of one of our 
joint venture partners, national energy companies and/or their affiliates which could, in turn, 
adversely affect our own reputation and/or lead to legal proceedings and/or regulatory risks. 
This may arise, for example, where a current or historic joint venture partner is the subject 
of allegations of bribery or corruption or money laundering, is designated for the purposes 
of international sanctions or becomes the subject of negative press coverage for purported 
environmental or social infringements.  
There can be no assurance that we will be successful in the management of our joint venture interests or that 
we will be able to maximise the value of investments made through our joint ventures. The occurrence of any 
of the foregoing or other risks could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results 
of operations and prospects. 
Our success and future growth depends on our senior management and other key technical personnel.  
The successful implementation of our business strategy depends on the skills, efforts and technical expertise 
of our management team and our employees. In the energy sector, particularly in oil and gas, competition for 
experienced and qualified managers and employees is very strong, and we face the risk of not being able to 
retain our senior management or other key personnel. As we are dependent on the expertise and efforts of our 
senior management to execute our strategy, we have a succession plan in place that is updated annually as 
needed. There can be no assurance, however, that we will, through our succession planning or otherwise, be 
able to find a suitable replacement in a timely manner should one or more key individuals cease to be employed 
by the Group. Also, demand has increased for skilled labour and employees with technical knowledge, which 
increases the risk of a talent drain for our employees, which could lead to a loss of know-how and increase our 
training costs.  
Given the rapidly changing nature of the energy industry, upstream and downstream oil and gas and 
petrochemicals industries, particularly in light of oil and other commodities price volatility, evolving legal and 
regulatory requirements, including with respect to climate policy, and the increasing role of technology in the 
industry, we are increasingly reliant on the availability of a suitably-qualified and experienced workforce. 
These industries are long-term businesses, where a long-term perspective on the capacity and competence of 
the workforce is essential. To remain competitive, we must retain at all times a flexible and skilled workforce 
with consolidated expertise. Given the current extensive changes to our business as a result of our business 
strategy, there is a heightened risk that we will not be able to ensure a competitive level of competence, 
experience and capabilities among our workforce to adapt to a rapidly-evolving business environment. 
If we fail to attract, retain and motivate highly-skilled personnel, to retain our senior management and other 
key personnel or to implement our succession plan effectively, it could have a material adverse effect on our 
business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
We may face labour disruptions that could interfere with our operations. 
We are subject to the risk of labour disputes and adverse employee relations, which could disrupt our business 
operations and adversely affect our business, cash flows, results of operations and financial condition. As at 31 
December 2023, we had 10,865 employees worldwide, a significant proportion being represented by labour 
unions in Spain and elsewhere and subject to several collective bargaining agreements. We, or organisations 
collectively representing us and other employers in our industry, may not be able to negotiate satisfactory 
collective labour agreements when they expire. Moreover, our existing labour agreements may not prevent a 
strike or work stoppage at any of our facilities in the future. Any such work stoppage, particularly if it is 
prolonged, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition results of operations and 
prospects. While we have not had any material problems since 2012 with the labour unions or our collective 
bargaining agreements, there can be no assurance that we will avoid labour disputes and/or adverse employee 
relations in the future. 
2. 
RISKS RELATING TO THE GROUP’S STRATEGY  
Risks related to climate change.  
As is the case with other companies in the energy sector, we are exposed to risks associated with climate 
change. These include (i) risks derived from energy transition (regulatory, legal, technological, market and

--- Page 20 ---
- 20 -
 
 
reputational risks arising from changes in laws, regulations, policies, obligations, social attitudes and customer 
preferences relating to the transition to a lower-carbon economy, and increased competition due to the entry of 
new market participants with business models and product offerings based on low-carbon energy sources) and 
(ii) physical risks, both acute and chronic, that could be exacerbated by the progression of climate change 
including the effects of the rise in temperature, sea-level rise, changes in precipitation patterns, fluctuations in 
water levels or more frequent occurrence of extreme temperatures, droughts or other extreme meteorological 
phenomena, such as cyclones or hurricanes. These risks could adversely impact our business, prospects, 
operations, assets and supply chains. 
We have aligned our strategy and operations to regulatory requirements and stakeholder expectations regarding 
climate change and the energy transition. However, climate change risks, both derived from its impact on 
physical variables in certain geographic locations or from the transition that is necessary to adapt to climate 
change, could have adverse impacts on certain elements of our strategic approach and business.  
Physical and environmental effects of climate change, as defined in climatic scenarios by the UN’s 
Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) as main reference source, are risks that can affect our 
operations, depending on the location of our activities. These risks comprise, on the one hand, those that are 
caused by acute events, such as heatwaves, extreme winds, droughts, extreme precipitation or cold spells and, 
on the other hand, those that are caused by chronic climate change events, such as, among other things, rising 
mean temperatures and rising sea levels. Both acute and chronic physical climate change risks could affect our 
operations in different ways, including by causing physical damage, increasing our operating costs and 
interfering with our business operations. 
Our business is also affected by risks derived from the transition towards the new climate scenario, including 
regulatory changes aimed at mitigating the effects of climate change (including attempts to increase the cost of 
fossil fuels or greenhouse gas (“GHG”) emissions, such as carbon pricing measures), increased climate change-
related litigation, rising raw material prices, technological changes, the entry of new competitors, the access 
to, and availability of, funding for our operations, reputational risks and increased stakeholder concerns. 
While we aim through our “Positive Motion” strategy to become a leader in sustainable mobility and energy 
in Spain and Portugal, and a benchmark in the energy transition (see “Information on the Group—Energy 
Transformation – Positive Motion (2022 onwards)”), if we are unable to successfully mitigate the risks related 
to climate change, including the adaption of our business to the changing energy environment in line with our 
strategy, this could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations 
and prospects. 
Any significant deterioration in the economic, financial, regulatory and political conditions in the regions 
and countries in which we operate could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, 
results of operations and prospects.  
Many economies around the world, including many of those in which we operate, have suffered slowdowns 
and/or recessionary conditions over the last decade, which on occasion, were amplified by volatile credit and 
equity markets. According to the latest International Monetary Fund projections (source: World Economic 
Outlook January 2024), global growth is currently expected to remain stable, remaining at 3.1% and 3.2% in 
2024 and 2025, respectively. 
Our financial performance could be adversely affected by any deterioration of general economic and financial 
conditions in the markets in which we operate, particularly if such conditions result in a constricted supply of 
the commodities we require or reduced demand for the products we produce. Moreover, even in times of 
economic recovery, there can be no assurance that our financial performance will recover to the pre-economic 
crisis levels over a short period of time, if at all. Furthermore, during periods of adverse economic conditions, 
we may have difficulty accessing financial markets, which could make it more difficult or impossible to obtain 
funding for existing or proposed projects on acceptable conditions, or at all. 
The global economy continues to be affected by the fallout from the ongoing conflict in Ukraine and there are 
concerns surrounding conflict in the Middle East. Comprehensive trade sanctions imposed by, among other 
countries, the U.S., the European Union and the United Kingdom on Russia, as well as the countersanctions 
imposed by Russia, have resulted in a significant reduction in trading volumes between these economies and 
Russia, which has led to increased commodity prices on global markets for oil, natural gas and wheat, among 
other products.

--- Page 21 ---
- 21 -
 
 
Elevated levels of inflation have resulted in central banks around the world increasing interest rates, which, in 
turn, has had an adverse impact on the availability and cost of credit for consumers and businesses. There is a 
risk that lower business and consumer confidence and activity and continuing inflationary pressures could 
result in higher unemployment rates and lower global economic growth.  
In addition, a large portion of our Energy Solutions business segment, including our retail fuel network, and 
addressable market is located in the Iberian Peninsula, with a particular concentration in Spain. Our 
performance may therefore be particularly affected by macroeconomic factors and economic, regulatory and 
political conditions in Spain that are outside of our control and which may impact consumer confidence and 
commercial spending. In addition, the Spanish economy faces challenges due to internal factors, such as 
potential political uncertainty following the general elections held in Spain on 23 July 2023, which resulted in 
a hung parliament. While such political tensions have not significantly affected macroeconomic figures so far, 
the macroeconomic or political environment generally could result in reduced demand for, or reduced gross 
profit from, sales of our retail fuels and non-fuel products and services. Any such developments would also 
negatively impact our refining business as a result of our vertical integration model. 
We are not able to predict how the economic cycle is likely to develop in the short term or the coming years 
and the shape of the recovery from such potential economic downturn. Any further deterioration in the 
economic, financial or political conditions in the regions and countries in which we operate could have a 
material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
The success of our strategy depends in part on our ability to grow through acquisitions, investments, 
disposals, project development and joint ventures.  
Historically, we have achieved growth in part through acquisitions and our strategy assumes that some future 
growth will occur inorganically, through further acquisitions, investments and joint ventures.  
Acquisitions raise significant management and financial challenges, including: 
 
the need to assess and evaluate accurately the operations, assets and liabilities of the company 
or business or assets to be acquired; 
 
the need to integrate the acquired company’s infrastructure, such as risk, asset and liability 
information management systems; 
 
the resolution of outstanding legal, regulatory, contractual or labour issues arising from the 
acquisition; 
 
the need to obtain third-party consents and/or the agreement of other parties affected by the 
transaction (e.g., the other parties to a joint operating agreement); 
 
the integration of marketing, customer service and product offerings; and 
 
the integration of different company and management cultures. 
The acquisition or creation of new joint ventures to conduct certain business opportunities also raises 
significant challenges, including the following: 
 
the potential unavailability of qualified partners to jointly develop business opportunities; 
 
the need to coordinate potentially incompatible economic or business plans, interests or 
objectives;  
 
the need to deal with capital intensive projects, credit risk and potential insolvency events of 
our partners or failure by them to comply with their financial or other obligations, which 
could, in turn, adversely affect the operations of the joint venture; 
 
the need to accept joint and several liabilities with our joint venture partners;  
 
the need to manage any material damage to the business reputation of one of our joint venture 
partners, which could, adversely affect our own reputation;

--- Page 22 ---
- 22 -
 
 
 
the need to obtain partner consents and/or the agreement of other parties affected by the joint 
ventures; and 
 
the integration of different business and management cultures. 
In addition to the challenges mentioned above, joint ventures will be subject to additional risks such as 
operational risks. (See “—Our current, past and future investments with partners and in joint ventures may 
expose us to financial, performance and reputational/regulatory risks”). 
There can be no assurance that our past and future acquisitions and joint ventures will be successful, that we 
will be able to successfully integrate acquired businesses, identify and finance attractive future acquisition 
targets, acquire businesses on satisfactory terms or that expected synergies, cost savings and revenue-
generation opportunities will be realised. Additionally, past and future acquisitions involve risks associated 
with unanticipated events or liabilities relating to the acquired assets or businesses which may not have been 
disclosed during due diligence investigations. Likewise, there can be no assurance that existing or future joint 
ventures will be successful or that the strategic goals pursued will be obtained. 
Moreover, integrating and consolidating acquired operations, personnel and information systems requires the 
dedication of management resources that may divert attention from our day-to-day business and disrupt key 
operating activities. These difficulties may be increased by the need to coordinate geographically-separated 
organisations. In addition, there can be no assurance that we will be able to dispose of our interests in acquired 
companies, investments or joint ventures without incurring significant losses, if at all. 
Conversely, where we engage in disposals of interests as part of our strategy, any such disposal may also 
adversely affect our financial condition, if such disposal results in a loss to Cepsa. 
Furthermore, we may incur certain third-party costs in connection with the valuation and professional services 
associated with the sourcing and analysis of investment or disposal opportunities. There can be no guarantee 
that we will be successful in our negotiations to acquire or dispose any given assets, and the total cost, including 
opportunity cost, incurred in connection with potential acquisitions or disposals that do not proceed to 
completion could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and 
prospects. 
If we are not successful in implementing our acquisitions, integrating such acquisitions or some or all of our 
existing or future acquisitions or investments prove ultimately to be unsuccessful, our business, financial 
condition, results of operations and prospects could be materially adversely affected. 
In addition, if we are not successful in implementing our strategy and/or all our existing or future joint ventures 
prove ultimately to be unsuccessful, this could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial 
condition, results of operations and prospects. 
We may be unable to meet our reserves and production targets.  
To meet our reserves and production targets, we must develop and responsibly produce our current oil and gas 
reserves which requires, among other things, securing the necessary commercial frameworks and timely 
executing our capital projects, especially for our RKF Redevelopment Project in Algeria. 
There can be no assurance that we will be able to renew our existing concessions or obtain desirable exploration 
or production contracts on acceptable terms, if at all, or that we will be executing our projects without delays 
or cost overrun, or be successful in discovering commercially viable reservoirs as a result of our exploration 
activities. If we are not able to do so, we may be unable to meet our production targets and reserves would 
decline faster than forecasted. In addition, we may be unable to meet our production targets considering that 
Algerian production could be subject to OPEC quotas.  
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, our exploration activities are limited to Suriname, Colombia and Mexico, 
and there can be no assurance that exploration of our assets will result in the discovery of any commercially 
productive reservoirs of crude oil or natural gas, or hydrocarbons suitable for commercially viable extraction. 
Any of the above could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations 
and prospects.

--- Page 23 ---
- 23 -
 
 
We have investments, trading activities and assets located in countries that are affected by political and 
economic instability, tax and legal uncertainty and security threats.  
We have certain investments, assets, commercial activities or trading located in, and we source a significant 
part of our crude oil or other products and feedstocks supply from, countries with emerging, transitioning 
economies, or that are subject to greater political and economic instability and can lack a reliable legal system 
that guarantees the enforcement of legitimate contractual rights. Further, our agreements to source crude oil 
from such countries are typically entered into with the relevant national oil company and are therefore subject 
to a significant degree of state control.  
In recent years, governments and national oil companies in some regions have begun to exercise greater 
authority and impose more stringent conditions on their contractual counterparties. Investments in these 
countries, and dealings with their respective state-owned national oil companies, are, in general terms, subject 
to substantially greater risks than those encountered in more developed markets, such as Europe. These risks 
can include: 
 
political, social and economic instability, including civil strife and insurrection; 
 
border disputes, warfare, civil conflict and guerrilla activities; 
 
acts of terrorism and piracy; 
 
forced divestment, nationalisation or expropriation of assets; 
 
unilateral cancellation or forced renegotiation of contractual rights; 
 
difficulties and delays in obtaining or renewing permits, licences and consents; 
 
additional taxes or royalties, including retroactive claims, and restrictions on deductions; 
 
other changes in regulation and law (including with retroactive effect); 
 
pricing and trade controls; 
 
local content requirements; 
 
foreign exchange controls or currency devaluation; 
 
other acts of governmental interventionism, such as favouritism, subsidies and protectionism; 
 
payment delays or non-payment; 
 
opposition from local communities and special-interest groups; 
 
challenges to title to real property; and 
 
inability to repatriate profits or dividends. 
We have properties, assets and material land, mineral and other rights in a number of these jurisdictions, and 
there can be no assurance that an unforeseen defect in title, political event, change in law or change in the 
interpretation of an existing law, among other events, will not arise that could allow a third party or 
governmental authority to challenge our claim to any or all of our properties, assets and rights in that country 
and significantly limit our ability to manage and protect our business interests. 
Our operations in these countries are also exposed to heightened security threats (such as staged demonstrations 
by local and indigenous communities) or criminal action (such as murders, kidnappings and other violent 
crimes) that could affect our employees and contractors. There can be no assurance that we will be able to 
anticipate the occurrence of such events, prevent their occurrence or mitigate their consequences, despite the 
security measures we have in place.

--- Page 24 ---
- 24 -
 
 
In addition, with regard to other products required as feedstocks to develop our strategy and to produce new 
and green products (such as feedstocks to produce biofuels), we are developing new supply alliances with 
partners and/or suppliers, not only located in European countries, but also in other regions (such as Asia). Even 
though these partners and suppliers are not state-owned companies, they are subject to similar risks related to 
political and legal uncertainties or security threats in the jurisdictions they operate in.  
By their very nature, it is difficult to predict the likelihood of any of the above events occurring or to anticipate 
their possible long-term impact on our business. If any such risks were to occur, they could have a material 
adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
The emergence of new technologies during the energy transition process to deliver carbon neutrality could 
have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.  
As part of our commitment to the energy transition and our “Positive Motion” strategy, we are taking steps to 
align our businesses with the global sustainability requirements by planning and designing projects to develop 
new assets to produce sustainable products, such as green hydrogen or biofuels. Some of the new technologies 
on which we are basing our transformation are still in their early stages, so there are uncertainties regarding 
their operation and efficiency and, therefore, their competitiveness.  
The traditional oil and gas sector is dominated by large national and independent companies, which possess 
significant cash and financial resources and best-in-class technological expertise. These and other competitors 
are continuously investing substantial amounts in research, development and innovation, that may result in the 
development of more efficient technologies or disruptive ones.  
In the transport and mobility sectors, it is difficult to predict the path of electric vehicle adoption or the 
technology that will be widely adopted, including, but not limited to, to decarbonise the heavy transport 
segment. World-leading technology and automotive companies are also conducting extensive research into 
new, potentially disruptive, technologies, hydrogen vehicles and ground-breaking battery technologies. 
In addition, regulators have in the past imposed, and may impose in the future, stricter technical standards 
which may affect our performance, demand and offer projections or apply subsidies or more favourable tax 
treatments to technologies other than the ones we use in our business.  
If we are unable to compete effectively on such new technologies, we may experience decreased demand and 
decreased market share. Moreover, the emergence of one or more disruptive technologies that rapidly 
accelerate the pace of change, or suddenly alter the direction of change, could have a negative impact on our 
long-term strategy and the value of our investments. There can be no assurance that we would be successful in 
adjusting our business model in a timely manner to anticipate, or react to, changes in demand resulting from 
changes in legislation, technologies, consumer preference or other market trends, and our failure to do so could 
have a material adverse impact on our strategy, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
We face competition in all our businesses.  
We offer our products and services in highly competitive markets, where differentiation poses a considerable 
challenge. Competition impacts the conditions for market access, our pursuit of new business opportunities, 
the costs of licences and the pricing and marketing of products. Our principal competitors include other large 
oil and gas companies, which compete with us in our Energy Solutions business segment in Spain and Portugal 
and across our other business segments internationally. 
Changes in market conditions and the arrival of new market entrants could have an adverse impact on our 
margins and market share. The need to speed up the energy transition process means we must diversify and 
face rapidly evolving competitors who are entering markets for sustainable products. Demand for energy is 
shifting in line with changes in the economic landscape, regulatory pressure, efficiency-driven technological 
developments and changes in consumer preferences, all of which could affect our business volumes.  
The implementation of our strategy requires a significant ability to anticipate and adapt to market developments 
and continuous investment in technological innovation and digitalisation. Any decline in our overall 
competitive position or our failure to anticipate and adapt to changing market demands, could have a material 
adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.

--- Page 25 ---
- 25 -
 
 
Our strategy is subject to project execution risks.  
The successful implementation of our “Positive Motion” strategy requires the execution of relevant investments 
in complex projects to develop a new, decarbonised and resilient portfolio of high-quality assets (such as 
biofuels and green hydrogen production assets) or projects to improve the efficiency and flexibility of our 
existing assets, guaranteeing their execution through their entire lifecycle from inception to decommissioning. 
The execution of such projects is exposed to risks of a diverse nature, including technical, construction, 
economic, commercial, legal and regulatory risks, as well as those related to safety, the environment and 
sustainability. Furthermore, strategic project execution also depends on the performance of third parties 
(including suppliers of goods, services and equipment, partners in joint arrangements, associates, governments 
and other parties) which are not under the direct control of Cepsa.  
Project execution risks may compromise the achievement of our financial and strategic projections, 
decarbonisation commitments, deliverability of goods and services and the compliance with pre-agreed budgets 
and deadlines. The occurrence of any of these risks could have a material adverse impact on our business, 
financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
3. 
FINANCIAL RISKS  
A decline in oil refining margins or the product margins of our other businesses would negatively affect our 
business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.  
The operating results of our refining business depend largely on the spread, or refining margin, between the 
prices that we can obtain in the market for our refined petroleum products and the prices we pay for crude oil 
and other feedstock. We purchase a substantial majority of the crude oil that we process in our refining business 
under term and spot contracts with third parties, which exposes us to price volatility. For example, the refining 
margin fluctuated from negative U.S.$1/b in February 2022 to U.S.$25.6/b in June 2022. Between January 
2023 and December 2023, our average refining margin was U.S.$10/b.  
The cost of acquiring crude oil and feedstock, and the prices at which we can ultimately sell refined products, 
may fluctuate independently of each other due to a variety of factors that are beyond our control, including 
regional and global supply of, and demand for, crude oil, gasoline, diesel, and other feedstocks and refined 
products. Supply and demand for such products is impacted by the availability and quantity of imports, the 
production levels of suppliers, levels of refined product inventories, productivity rates and growth (or lack 
thereof) of regional and global economies, political affairs, and the extent of government regulation.  
Our refining margins have fluctuated, and will continue to fluctuate, due to numerous factors, including: 
 
variations in global demand for crude oil and refined products and, to a lesser extent, 
variations in demand for crude oil and refined products in our domestic market; 
 
changes in environmental or other regulations, which could require us to make substantial 
expenditures without necessarily increasing the capacity or operating efficiency of our 
energy parks; 
 
changes in operating capacity of energy parks in our key marketing areas, predominantly in 
the Iberian market and the rest of Europe; 
 
changes in the differentials between heavy and light crude oil prices on international markets; 
 
changes in the supply of refined products, including imports; and 
 
changes in the energy costs necessary to operate our energy parks, including investments to 
improving the efficiency of our facilities. 
We purchase feedstocks before refining and selling the refined products. In addition, under applicable Spanish 
law, we are required to maintain significant inventories of crude oil and certain refined products that form part 
of Spain’s national strategic reserve. Volatility in the prices of crude oil and these refined products can have a 
significant positive or negative effect on the value of our inventories, which, due to their size, can have a

--- Page 26 ---
- 26 -
 
 
substantial impact on our results of operations and financial condition. Although an increase or decrease in the 
price of crude oil generally results in a corresponding increase or decrease in the price of the majority of our 
refined products, changes in the prices of refined products generally lag behind upward and downward changes 
in crude oil prices. As a result, a rapid and significant increase in the market price for crude oil could have an 
adverse impact on our refining margins in the short-term. Furthermore, movements in the price of crude oil 
and refining margins may not correlate at any given time.  
Such lag effects also affect the product margins we are able to achieve within our Energy Solutions business 
segment. Fluctuations in the prices of fuel products and the volatility of these prices create a constant need to 
adjust our retail fuel prices to reflect changes in fuel cost. For our company-operated service stations, whilst 
we set the pump prices at each of our sites on at least a daily basis (if not more frequently), our fuel prices to 
our customers may lag behind rising costs. This lag effect may be more pronounced if our competitors do not 
respond to cost increases or volatility with the same speed or in the same way as we do, whether due to 
differences in pricing strategy or otherwise. Volatility in the cost of fuel and our ability to successfully pass 
through changes in our cost of fuel to our customers due to lag and competitive conditions generally, make it 
difficult to predict the impact that future volatility may have on our retail fuel gross margins.  
Any material or sustained decline in our refining margins or other product margins could have a material 
adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
We are exposed to fluctuating commodity prices.  
As a group active in the global energy markets, we are exposed to fluctuating commodity prices, such as crude 
oil, natural gas, electricity, oil products, carbon emissions, feedstocks and petrochemicals. The prices for these 
commodities are affected by supply and demand, both globally and regionally, and depend on a variety of 
factors over which we have no control. These factors include: 
 
global and regional economic and financial market conditions; 
 
political stability across the regions in which we operate; 
 
actions taken by governments (e.g., oil-producing nations influencing production levels and 
prices or the imposition of trade sanctions on an oil-producing nation); 
 
changes in the energy consumption mix; 
 
terrorism and military and geopolitical conflicts (such as the ongoing conflict in Ukraine or 
Israel/Gaza and incidents in the Red Sea); 
 
changes in population growth or distribution;  
 
pandemics (such as the recent COVID-19 pandemic); 
 
changes in consumer preferences; 
 
the competitiveness and levels of adoption of new technologies;  
 
natural disasters and climate change; and 
 
regional dynamics of oil and gas supply and demand and global levels of inventory. 
Historically, the prices of crude oil have fluctuated widely, including as a result of the conflict in Ukraine 
recently, often evidencing high levels of volatility. The price of crude oil affects the prices of our derivative 
products, including petrochemicals. 
In a low oil price environment, revenue in our E&P business segment may be negatively affected and, as a 
result, certain of our E&P assets might become less profitable or incur losses. A sustained period of low oil 
prices could also affect our reserves estimates, and may require us to reduce the estimated volumes of oil and 
natural gas that we are able to extract on a commercially-viable basis and to write down the value of certain of 
those assets. Moreover, a sustained low price environment could reduce the feasibility of projects planned or

--- Page 27 ---
- 27 -
 
 
in development and/or prevent us from achieving earnings and cash flows at a level sufficient to meet our 
targets and fund our planned capital expenditure. Conversely, in a high oil price environment we may be unable 
to pass the total amount of the increase in the cost of the crude oil feedstock for our refining and chemicals 
businesses through to our customers and, in such circumstances, the profit margins for those businesses could 
be significantly reduced.  
In addition, we also produce and market petrochemical products, such as LAB, phenol, alcohol products, 
solvents and their derivatives. Margins of petrochemical products have been cyclical as a result of shifts in 
European and worldwide production capacity and demand patterns. The petrochemical industry historically 
has experienced alternating periods of tight supply, causing prices and margins to increase, followed by periods 
of substantial additions to capacity, resulting in excess supply and declining prices and margins. There can be 
no assurance that future demand for the petrochemical products we produce will be sustained or that we will 
not be affected by overcapacity for such products. 
It is impossible to predict future price movements for crude oil, natural gas, petrochemical and refined oil 
products. Although we hedge against certain commodity price movements, our margins and results of 
operations could be adversely affected by significant movements in commodity prices. In addition, our long-
term strategy is based on core assumptions relating to the future price environment for such products among 
other market conditions, which may prove to be incorrect. Whereas we periodically review our core 
assumptions, a material deviation from such assumptions could require us to reshape, abandon or reverse 
certain aspects of our long-term strategy or investment programme. 
Any of the above factors could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of 
operations and prospects. 
We are subject to certain financial risks, including currency, liquidity, interest rate, credit risk, credit rating 
risk and default risk, and related operational risks. 
The oil, gas and petrochemical sectors are capital-intensive and significant investments are required to:  
 
obtain hydrocarbons from oil and gas reserves from challenging geologies and environments;  
 
operate, maintain and modernise energy parks, retail marketing network and petrochemical 
installations to remain competitive in the face of rapidly-changing demand and offer 
dynamics; and 
 
ensure compliance with evolving and increasingly stringent safety, environmental and 
industry laws and regulations. 
To meet the above capital needs, we secure funding through a combination of our  free cash flow, bond 
insurances and bank financing. Additionally, we may also seek funding from the capital markets from time to 
time. The availability and pricing of such funding is subject to market conditions and other factors that are 
beyond our control, particularly with respect to liquidity from bank financing and the capital markets.  
As a result of such funding requirements as well as the nature of our operations, we are exposed to numerous 
financial risks, many of which are beyond our control, including: 
 
Currency risk: Our activities expose us to fluctuations in currency exchanges rates, in particular 
the U.S. dollar against the Euro. Trading prices of crude oil, natural gas and most refined 
petroleum products, and thereby a significant portion of our costs and revenues, are generally 
denominated in, or linked to, the U.S. dollar while our financial statements are presented in 
Euro. Accordingly, a depreciation of the U.S. dollar against the euro can have an adverse effect 
on our results of operations as it decreases the value of our profits generated in U.S. dollar or 
tied to the U.S. dollar. In addition to these translation risks, we face currency transaction risks 
when our revenue, typically earned in, or linked to, the U.S. dollar and operating costs are 
denominated in different currencies. Specifically, portions of our operating costs in our E&P 
business segment and refining business and, to a certain extent, our Chemicals business 
segment, are incurred in Euro or other currencies. As a result, depreciation of the U.S. dollar 
against the euro or other currencies can be expected to reduce our EBITDA margins, as a 
declining U.S. dollar decreases our sales to a greater extent than it decreases our operating 
costs. Although we seek to manage our foreign exchange risks to minimise the negative impact

--- Page 28 ---
- 28 -
 
 
of exchange rate volatility by matching the value of our non-euro investments with debt 
denominated in the same currency, there can be no assurance that we will always be successful 
in doing so.  
 
Liquidity risk: Liquidity risk refers to our ability to meet all our payment obligations, which 
includes obligations related to our operations, projects or investments, and debt service 
payments as well as to manage adverse developments in the financial markets, our businesses 
or in the geographical markets in which we operate. While we seek to maintain sufficient 
liquidity through a combination of cash, cash equivalents and available committed credit lines, 
the occurrence of unforeseen events, such as deteriorating conditions in global or regional 
economies and/or the financial markets, could result in insufficient capacity to cover our 
liquidity needs. 
 
Interest rate risk: We are exposed to changes in interest rates, which relate primarily to our 
borrowings at floating rates, mainly linked to TERM SOFR, SOFR, EURIBOR or the LPR in 
China. Our policy is to manage our debt portfolio with the objective of combining the lowest 
possible interest rates in each relevant currency, but at the same time securing a significant 
portion of our debt at a fixed rate. While we enter into interest rate hedges where considered 
appropriate to manage and mitigate interest rate risk, there can be no assurance that we will be 
successful in doing so or that such hedging mechanisms will be available or sufficient. 
 
Credit risk: We face the risk that certain of our customers, counterparties or business partners 
fail to pay any amounts due under their respective contractual obligations. Such risks may be 
exacerbated by the current economic environment, including widespread energy price inflation 
and commodities volatility. Credit risk arises from credit exposure with customer accounts 
receivables, as well as from financial investments, derivative financial instruments and deposits 
with financial institutions. If a counterparty fails to honour a payment obligation, such a loss 
will negatively impact our results and cash flows. While we have adopted policies to manage 
our credit risk exposure, including the use of credit insurance policies, there can be no 
assurance that such tools will prove effective against the risk of default by, or the insolvency 
of, one or more of our counterparties.  
 
Credit rating risk: Credit ratings are not a recommendation to purchase, subscribe, sell or hold 
securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the rating 
agency awarding the rating. However, credit ratings affect the pricing and other conditions 
under which we are able to obtain financing. Furthermore, there has been an increasing 
regulatory and market focus on the impact of Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) 
factors on credit ratings, which may particularly affect energy companies such as ours. Any 
downgrade in the credit rating of the Guarantor below Investment Grade could restrict or limit 
our access to the financial markets, increase our new borrowing costs and have a negative effect 
on our liquidity. 
In addition, in the normal course of business, we are also subject to operational risk around our treasury and 
trading activities. Effective controls over these activities are dependent on our ability to process, manage and 
monitor a large number of complex transactions across many markets and currencies. Shortcomings or failures 
in our systems (and in the systems of our counterparties), risk management, internal controls processes or 
personnel could lead to disruption of our business, financial loss, regulatory intervention or damage to our 
reputation.  
We engage in both physical trading of crude oil and products produced by third parties, as well as trading in 
financial instruments for arbitrage and hedging (including through derivatives, swaps, futures and other 
instruments) as part of our global hedging system. Through our trading unit and refining business, we also 
engage in asset-backed proprietary trading, through which we seek to manage price risks in the futures and 
derivatives markets and maximise opportunities in the commodities markets. Nevertheless, there can be no 
assurance that our policies, systems, risk management and internal control processes will prove effective or 
that we may fail to establish further effective enhancements in the future as our proprietary trading activities 
grow or that we will not be exposed to other risks relating to our trading activities, including the risk of 
employee misconduct. Among other things, our employees could execute unauthorised transactions, use assets 
improperly or without authorisation, carry out improper activities, as well as misrecord or otherwise try to hide 
improper activities from us. Employee misconduct could expose us to financial losses or regulatory sanctions

--- Page 29 ---
- 29 -
 
 
and seriously harm our reputation. We have an active programme for monitoring and verifying that our 
employees and introducing brokers comply with specified procedures; however, it is not always possible to 
deter or detect employee or introducing broker misconduct, and the precautions we take to prevent and detect 
this activity may not be effective in all cases. Our employees or introducing brokers may also commit good 
faith errors that could expose us to financial claims for negligence or otherwise, as well as regulatory actions 
and seriously harm our reputation. 
While we have implemented procedures that seek to manage and mitigate these risks, there can be no assurance 
that our hedging and financial strategy will prove effective. Likewise, purchases of hedges or other financial 
instruments to fix the prices at which we purchase oil and other commodities could increase our costs and 
reduce our profit margins. If any of the above risks were to materialise, whether short-term or prolonged, it 
could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
4. 
LEGAL AND REGULATORY RISKS 
Changes to the legal and regulatory framework could have a material adverse effect on our business, 
financial condition, results of operations and prospects.  
We are subject to changes in the legal and regulatory framework in the countries in which we operate and we 
are therefore exposed to new and unexpected market rules, tighter requirements or increased and unpredictable 
regulatory pressure over our products and activities. 
Almost all our activities may be affected by changes in regulations, originating in international conventions, 
the European Union, Spanish and even regional/local authorities, such as GHG emissions reduction 
commitments and objectives, renewable energy incorporation goals in the industry and transportations 
segments (including road transport, aviation, maritime), gas and power market rules, criteria for the production 
of renewable hydrogen, phase out or mandatory replacement of chemical components, among other things. 
Given the continued and increased attention to climate change, the global drive towards low-carbon economies 
and renewable energy-sources and geopolitical tensions, we expect, and are preparing for, additional policy 
and regulatory changes designed to reduce GHG emissions and diversify the energy mix, which we believe 
will primarily impact our Energy Solutions and Chemicals business segments, and potentially our E&P 
business segment in the event of additional measures driven by the market on a voluntary basis or the 
imposition of new GHG regulations in the future. 
Our Energy Solutions business segment is affected by GHG-reduction regulations which encourage low carbon 
mobility and changes in customer behaviour. It is expected that, in the short- and medium-term, we will be 
further affected by more restrictive GHG-reduction regulations focused on vehicle fleets and/or fuel producers 
and distributors.  
For example, the European Union (“EU”) has set out that the tailpipe emissions of new vehicles and vans will 
need to be reduced progressively until 2035, from which point new cars and vans sold will need to be so-called 
“Zero Emissions Vehicles”. Similarly, the EU has increased the targets for the incorporation of renewable 
energy in transport. The Renewable Energy Directive was revised in 2023 but left leeway to member states to 
implement the measures as long as the objective of incorporating at least 29% of renewables in transport or 
reducing the carbon intensity of transport fuels by 14.5% is met by 2030. In aviation and maritime segments, 
the Directive is more prescriptive, with increasing binding targets for the incorporation of sustainable aviation 
fuels (“SAFs”) in the aviation sector and increasing binding targets for the decrease of GHG intensity of marine 
fuels in the maritime sector up to 2050. The pace at which member states will implement the legislation will 
influence our compliance path. The Directive, and similar regulations, impact, and are expected to continue to 
impact, our business and results of operations. 
Future policy decisions related to climate change mitigation, pollution or the environment more generally could 
favour technologies other than the ones we are investing in, significantly reducing the returns on our strategic 
investments and forcing  us to rebalance production between an increasing array of energy sources, reduce 
production levels at, or even shut down, one or more of our facilities. This potential downside could also 
significantly increase our capital expenditure assigned to GHG-reduction technologies and operating costs, 
affect the commercial appeal of prospective areas for geographical expansion and/or materially affect our 
results from our Energy Solutions business segment, investment decisions and long-term strategy.

--- Page 30 ---
- 30 -
 
 
Any material change in climate change and energy regulations could have a material adverse effect on our 
business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
We are exposed to potentially adverse changes in taxes and royalties imposed on our operations. 
We operate in various countries around the world and any of these countries could modify its tax laws in ways 
that would adversely affect our business. We are subject to corporate taxes, energy taxes, petroleum revenue 
taxes, customs surtaxes and excise duties, each of which may affect our revenue and earnings. In addition, we 
are exposed to changes in fiscal regimes relating to royalties and taxes imposed on crude oil and gas production. 
Any significant changes in the tax laws of countries in which we operate (or in the interpretation of such laws) 
or in the level of production royalties we are required to pay could have a material adverse effect on our 
business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.   
Risks related to increasing levels of taxes in certain jurisdictions where we operate.  
In the context of the current uncertain macroeconomic environment, and as a response to rising consumer 
prices, certain governments have introduced certain measures, including temporary taxes (“windfall taxes”) on 
oil and gas companies and/or financial institutions that are deemed to have made unreasonably high profits due 
to unusually favourable market factors (such as global commodity prices or interest rates hikes). 
For example, in December 2022, the Spanish Parliament approved Law 38/2022, of December 27, which, 
among other measures, created a temporary energy levy (Gravamen Temporal Energético, the “GTE”) that 
certain operators in the energy sectors must pay on a temporary basis for two years. The energy levy will be a 
1.2% on the net turnover (importe neto de la cifra de negocios) from activity carried out in Spain for the years 
2022 and 2023, with certain adjustments. The GTE will be paid in 2023 and 2024. The GTE has been extended 
to 2024. 
Moreover, as a result of negotiations between Portugal, Spain and the European Commission, the Spanish 
government approved a further measure to cap gas prices in order to benefit Spanish consumers. This measure 
entered into force on 14 June 2022 following the European Commission’s approval and remained in force until 
31 May 2023. In April 2023, Spain and Portugal notified to the Commission of their intention to prolong the 
original measure until 31 December 2023 with certain modifications. The cap on gas prices in Spain has been 
extended by Royal Decree-Law 8/2023, of December 27, over the gas prices reviewed in the months of January 
and March 2024. 
We cannot predict changes to such laws or regulations or their interpretation, or the implementation of certain 
policies or taxes. Any of the above measures or similar measures, or changes to such measures, could materially 
and adversely impact our profits and, as a result, have a material adverse effect on our business, financial 
condition, results of operations and prospects.  
Changes to, or our failure to comply with, the legal and regulatory framework in which we operate could 
have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.  
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, we have operations in more than 20 countries and our products are 
marketed and traded worldwide. Our business activities are subject to laws and regulations in all of the 
jurisdictions in which we operate, including laws relating to the environment, climate change, health and safety, 
finance and trade, consumer protection, competition and anti-trust, employment, tax, data protection, 
hydrocarbon extraction, petrochemical products, public concessions and procurement.  
We incur, and expect to continue to incur, substantial costs to ensure compliance with an increasingly complex 
and multi-layered legal regime at a regional, national and supra-national level, including costs to:  
 
comply with ever-stricter climate change and GHG emissions regulations;  
 
prevent, control, reduce or eliminate certain other types of emissions to the atmosphere, the 
subsurface or the sea;  
 
remediate environmental contamination and other adverse impacts from business activities;

--- Page 31 ---
- 31 -
 
 
 
modify or extend property or business licences and permits;  
 
handle and dispose of waste materials and perform site clean-ups;  
 
compensate persons and entities claiming damages as a result of business activities;  
 
comply with applicable decommissioning regimes;  
 
comply with wholesale changes to applicable privacy and data protection regimes (such as 
the EU General Data Protection Regulation); and  
 
maintain strict compliance with applicable HSE regulations.  
The laws and regulations to which we are subject may change over time, sometimes frequently and 
unexpectedly. Certain jurisdictions may seek to implement changes with total or partial retroactive effect and 
we and our peers may be unsuccessful in challenging the fairness of any retroactive application in the courts 
of that jurisdiction. In addition, laws and regulations can, on occasion, be subject to inconsistent or arbitrary 
application, interpretation or enforcement, which can present additional challenges to companies that do 
business, or seek to do business, in those countries. This is particularly the case in areas of law where there is 
limited established practice, such as decommissioning. Such regulatory uncertainty can limit our ability to 
ensure full compliance, undermine our rights under contracts and licences subject to the laws of that 
jurisdiction, limit our willingness to make further inward investment and, in general terms, diminish our 
capacity to undertake adequate business planning for our operations in that country.  
Any changes to the legal and regulatory framework in which we operate could, for example, result in the 
modification, suspension or termination of certain business operations, the incurrence of significant capital 
expenditure to comply with new targets or requirements, the implementation of additional safety measures, the 
performance of site clean-ups, compliance with stringent technical requirements, and a requirement to increase 
monitoring, training, record-keeping and contingency planning. Any material legal or regulatory change could 
have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows, financial condition, strategy 
and prospects. 
We may also be the subject of investigations conducted by governmental, international or other regulatory 
authorities (such as the European Commission, the Spanish National Competition Commission (the “CNMC”) 
or other authorities). In fact, we are currently under an ongoing investigation by the CNMC. Also, in the past 
we have been subject to a number of competition law infringement proceedings initiated by the CNMC or the 
European Commission which have resulted in the imposition of fines on us. See “Information on the Group—
Legal Proceedings”. In addition, we are exposed to private claims for damages further to Spanish legislation 
implementing Directive 2014/104/EU of 26 November 2014 on Antitrust Damages Actions.  
We are also frequently subject to tax inquiries and investigations in the ordinary course of business. For 
example, the tax authority in Spain, Agencia Estatal de Administración Tributaria (“AEAT”), is currently 
performing a tax review of the Spanish tax consolidated group for the period of 2017 to 2020 and whilst, as at 
the date of this Base Prospectus, AEAT has not issued a written statement in respect of this review, there can 
be no assurance we will not incur additional material tax liabilities in Spain or any other jurisdiction, in respect 
of periods and taxes which remain open for inspection.  
Any violation or alleged violation by us of applicable law and regulation could lead to the imposition of 
substantial fines, sanctions or other measures, the revocation or non-renewal of necessary permits and licences, 
expose us to significant costs in defending regulatory actions or litigation or be required to pay compensation 
for any alleged damages that arose as a result of any sanctioned conduct. Any of the foregoing could have, 
individually or in the aggregate, a material adverse effect on our reputation, business, financial condition, 
results of operations and prospects.  
Our international activities increase the compliance risks associated with economic and trade sanctions 
(including anti-dumping and anti-subsidy measures) imposed by the U.S., the European Union and other 
jurisdictions.  
The U.S., the EU and other countries have in the past imposed international trade and economic sanctions on 
designated countries, companies and individuals. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, sanctions are in place,

--- Page 32 ---
- 32 -
 
 
for example, with respect to Iran, North Korea and Russia. The terms of legislation and other rules and 
regulations that establish sanctions regimes are often broad in scope, particularly in the U.S., and given the 
importance of the U.S. to the international financial markets, the imposition of U.S. sanctions on a country, 
company or individual can result in companies, as in our case, that do not operate directly in the U.S., being 
effectively required to cease dealings with such sanctioned country, company or individual to ensure access to 
the U.S. or international capital or bank debt markets. Non-compliance with U.S. sanctions would constitute a 
default under our existing financing and other contractual arrangements with banks that are based or operate 
in the U.S.   
In addition, the U.S. maintains stringent anti-dumping legislation, seeking to prevent products manufactured 
overseas from being sold by foreign firms in the U.S. at “less than fair value”. In 2022, anti-dumping duties of 
171.81% were imposed by the U.S. International Trade Commission (ITC) and the Department of Commerce 
(DoC) on our acetone exports into the U.S.  
Non-compliance with anti-dumping and anti-subsidy measures could lead to potentially high duties being 
imposed on us which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. 
In addition, while we regularly carry out screenings against third parties and other due diligence measures to 
mitigate potential compliance risks, there can be no assurance that such measures will be effective or that our 
operations will not be affected by international sanctions. 
Any of the above could have a material adverse effect on our reputation, business, financial condition, results 
of operations and prospects. 
The terms of our host government contracts (“HGCs”) have a significant impact on our business, financial 
condition, results of operations and prospects. 
In our E&P business segment, we carry out our business through HGCs. While each government follows its 
own template and each contract is tailored to the transaction, our HGCs generally fall into one of the following 
models: 
 
Licence/Concession Contracts accounted for approximately 70% of our 1P reserves as at 31 
December 2023. The competent governmental authority grants exclusive exploration and 
development rights to an international oil company (“IOC”) for a specific area of land or 
water (the “contract area”). The IOC will typically obtain certain control over the 
development of the contract area and the right to receive all of the production should 
commercially viable crude oil be discovered. In return, the IOC will finance the exploration 
and development and pays certain taxes and royalties to the host government. In certain 
jurisdictions, the national oil company is also required to be a party to the contract and 
participate in the exploration and development phase. In the case of unsuccessful exploration, 
the IOC assumes all the incurred costs and has no right to recover project expenses under 
such Licence/Concession Contracts. 
 
Production-Sharing Contracts accounted for approximately 30% of our 1P reserves as at 31 
December 2023. The competent governmental authority enters into a production-sharing 
contract (“PSC”) with an IOC, in which the IOC participates in the exploration, development 
and exploitation of the contract area. If the project is successful, the IOC will recover costs 
and earn a profit by receiving a proportion of the production; any production that is not used 
for cost recovery or payment of royalties is referred to as “profit oil” and is typically shared 
between host government and the IOC on a fixed ratio or a variable ratio based on production 
volumes. In the case of unsuccessful exploration, the IOC assumes all the incurred costs and 
has no right to recover project expenses. 
The economic terms of these agreements are critical to the results of operations of our E&P business segment 
and given that our counterparties are governmental authorities or state-owned national oil companies, there can 
be a heightened risk of a forced renegotiation of those terms due to macroeconomic, political or other 
considerations. Moreover, under certain HGCs, our counterparty expressly reserves the right to modify the 
economic terms in certain prescribed circumstances (for example, specified oil price scenarios). Any material 
change to the terms of existing or future HGCs, including with respect to termination rights and penalties, could 
have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition.

--- Page 33 ---
- 33 -
 
 
We conduct our oil and gas operations under numerous exploration, development and production licences and 
leases. Most of these licenses and leases may be suspended, terminated or revoked by the awarding authority 
if we or the relevant licensee fails to comply with the license or lease requirements, does not make timely 
payments of levies and taxes, does not comply with emissions and other environmental requirements, 
systematically fails to provide information, becomes insolvent, fails to fulfil any capital expenditure or 
production obligations, does not develop the area to which the license or lease relates or fails to share the 
production with the awarding authority in the manner prescribed, among other defaults. In addition, 
deficiencies in the renewal or updating of facilities licenses might expose us to third-party claims. If we fail to 
fulfil the specific terms of any of our licenses or leases or if we operate in a manner that violates applicable 
law, government regulators might impose fines or suspend or terminate our licenses or leases, which could 
have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 
We are exposed to litigation and arbitration. 
We are party to numerous administrative, judicial and arbitration proceedings relating to civil, administrative, 
environmental, labour and tax matters in the ordinary course of business. These claims involve a wide range 
of issues and in certain instances substantial amounts have been or can be claimed. Several disputes account 
for a significant part of the total amount of claims against us. See “Information on the Group—Legal 
Proceedings”. 
As at 31 December 2023, we recorded provisions in the amount of €297 million, broken down to cover third-
party liability, decommissioning, environmental and other provisions. Any current or future dispute inevitably 
involves a high degree of uncertainty. In the event that a number of claims that we consider to represent a 
remote or reasonably improbable risk of loss were to be decided against us, the aggregate cost of such 
unfavourable decisions could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of 
operations and prospects.  
Non-compliance with anti-bribery, anti-corruption and other similar laws could expose us to legal liability 
and negatively affect our reputation and business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
We have activities in countries that present corruption risks and may have weak legal institutions, lack of 
control and transparency or a business culture that does not reflect, in all respects, the norms that prevail in 
Western Europe. In addition, governments play a significant role in the oil and gas sector, through ownership 
of resources, participation, licensing and local content, which leads to a high level of interaction with public 
officials. Through our international activities, we are subject to anti-corruption and bribery laws in multiple 
jurisdictions. While we have anti-corruption policies in place, there can be no assurance that such policies will 
be effective or prevent us from being exposed to violations of anti-corruption or bribery laws. 
Our Code of Ethics and Conduct (the “Code”) sets out the fundamental principles, standards and conduct that, 
when complied with, enable us to successfully pursue our mission, accomplish our goals and promote our 
values, by outlining legal and ethical standards that are applicable to our directors, managers and employees, 
as well as third parties who work for or on our behalf. We also have a control system and awareness programme 
aimed at preventing that such risks materialise. However, there can be no assurance that incidents of ethical 
misconduct or non-compliance with applicable laws and regulations or the Code will not arise, any of which 
could result in damage to our reputation and repeated compliance failures could call into question the integrity 
of our operations. 
Any violation of or non-compliance with applicable anti-corruption and bribery laws could expose us to 
investigations, criminal and/or civil liability or substantial fines, the occurrence of any of which would have a 
material adverse effect on our reputation, business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
Our oil and gas reserves data are estimates that may vary significantly from the actual quantities of oil and 
gas reserves that may be recovered, which could result in an impairment of these assets. 
Our oil and gas reserves data, which are also presented in this Base Prospectus, represent only estimates 
computed as per the SPE-PRMS (Society of Petroleum Engineers - Petroleum Resources Management System) 
principles and cannot be construed as exact quantities. The estimation of quantities of reserves, future rates of 
production and the timing of development expenditures is subject to numerous inherent uncertainties and 
involves subjective judgement and determinations based on available geological, technical, contractual and 
economic information. Even though our reserves have been certified by a third-party independent oil and gas

--- Page 34 ---
- 34 -
 
 
consultant, there can be no assurance that such estimates will be accurate. The reliability of proved reserve 
estimates depends on a number of factors, assumptions and variables, many of which are beyond our control. 
Some of these include: 
 
the quality and quantity of available geological, technical and economic data; 
 
assumptions with respect to tax rules and other government regulations, contractual 
conditions, oil, gas and other prices; 
 
the punctual production performance of our reservoirs; and 
 
extensive engineering interpretation and judgement. 
Estimates may change as a result of operational developments from production or drilling activities, changes 
in economic factors (including changes in the price of oil or gas), delays or suspensions in production, changes 
in the tax laws, royalty or regulatory regime applied by the host government, technological developments or 
other events or factors. Estimates may also be affected by acquisitions and divestments, new discoveries, 
extensions of existing fields, as well as the application of improved recovery methods. Published proved oil 
and gas reserves estimates may also be subject to correction due to errors in the application of published rules 
and changes in guidance. 
As a result of these and other factors, we may be required to revise our reserves data, which could indicate 
lower future production volumes, and result in our reserves being depleted sooner than expected. This could 
require us to incur a significant impairment of certain of our E&P assets under IFRS-EU. If we were required, 
in the future, to undertake a significant write-down to our estimates for that or any other block, due to results 
from drilling operations, a prolonged low oil price environment or for any other reason, it would have a material 
adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
(II) RISKS RELATED TO TAXATION AND OUR HISTORICAL FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
Risks related to the Spanish withholding tax regime.  
The Issuer considers that, pursuant to the provisions of the Royal Decree 1065/2007 of 27 July establishing 
information obligations in relation to preferential holdings and other debt instruments and certain income 
obtained by individuals resident in the European Union and other tax rules, as amended (“Royal Decree 
1065/2007”), as amended, it is not obliged to withhold taxes in Spain on any interest paid on the Notes to any 
Noteholder, irrespective of whether such Noteholder is tax resident in Spain. The foregoing is subject to the 
Paying Agent providing to the Issuer within a timely manner with a certificate containing certain information 
as further described in “Taxation—Reporting Obligations” below. The Issuer and the Paying Agent will, to the 
extent applicable, comply with the relevant procedures to facilitate the collection of information concerning 
the Notes. The procedures may be modified, amended or supplemented to, among other reasons, reflect a 
change in applicable Spanish law, regulation, ruling or interpretation thereof. 
Under Royal Decree 1065/2007, as amended, in order for the Issuer to make payments free from Spanish 
withholding tax, it is required that the securities: (i) are regarded as listed debt securities issued under Law 
10/2014; and (ii) are initially registered at a foreign clearing and settlement entity that is recognised under 
Spanish regulations or under those of another OECD member state. The Issuer expect that the Notes will meet 
the requirements referred to in (i) and (ii) above and that, consequently, payments made by the Issuer to 
Noteholders should be paid free of Spanish withholding tax, provided the Paying Agent complies with the 
procedural requirements referred to above. In the event a payment in respect of the Notes issued by the Issuer 
is subject to Spanish withholding tax, the Issuer will pay the relevant Noteholder such additional amounts as 
may be necessary in order that the net amount received by such Noteholder after such withholding equals the 
sum of the respective amounts of principal, premium, if any, and interest, if any, which would otherwise have 
been receivable in respect of the Notes in the absence of such withholding, except as provided in “Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes—Taxation”. 
Notwithstanding the above if despite the procedures arranged between the Issuer and the Paying Agent to 
facilitate the collection of information concerning the Notes, the relevant information is not received by the 
Issuer on each Payment Date, the Issuer will withhold tax at the then-applicable rate (as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus, 19 per cent.) from any payment of interest made in respect of the Notes.  In that event, the Issuer

--- Page 35 ---
- 35 -
 
 
will pay such additional amounts as will result in the Noteholders receiving such amounts as they would have 
received in respect of such Notes or Coupons had no such withholding or deduction been required. 
Noteholders must seek their own advice to ensure that they comply with all procedures to ensure the correct 
tax treatment of their Notes.  
The procedure described in this Base Prospectus for the provision of information required by Spanish laws and 
regulations is a summary only and neither the Issuer nor the Dealers assumes any responsibility therefor. 
Risks in relation to Spanish taxation in respect of payments made by the Guarantor.  
As further described in “Taxation—Payments made by the Guarantor”, although no clear precedent or 
regulation exists in relation thereto, the Guarantor considers that there are arguments to sustain that payments 
under the Deed of Guarantee should be characterized as an “indemnity payment” (as opposed to “interest 
payment”) and therefore, should not be subject to withholding or deduction for any taxes withheld or assessed 
by the Kingdom of Spain. However, even if the payments under the Deed of Guarantee were to be characterized 
as “interest payments” in accordance with Spanish Law 10/2014 and Royal Decree 1065/2007, such payments 
will be made without withholding tax in Spain provided that the Paying Agent provides the relevant Issuer in 
a timely manner with a certificate containing certain information in accordance with section 44 paragraph 5 of 
Royal Decree 1065/2007 relating to the Notes (see “Taxation—Reporting Obligations”). 
If the relevant information is not received by the Issuer on each Payment Date, the Issuer and/or the Guarantor 
will withhold tax at the then applicable rate (as of the date of this Base Prospectus, 19 per cent.) from any 
payment of interest in respect of the Notes.  In that event, the Issuer or the Guarantor (as the case may be) shall 
pay such additional amounts as will result in receipt by the Noteholders after such withholding or deduction of 
such amounts as would have been received by them had no such withholding or deduction been required. 
These procedures may be modified, amended or supplemented, among other reasons, to reflect a change in 
applicable Spanish law, regulation, ruling or an administrative interpretation thereof. Prospective purchasers 
of the Notes should consult their own tax advisers as to the consequences under the tax laws of the Kingdom 
of Spain of receiving payments of interest under the Notes. 
The value of the Notes may be adversely affected if additional notes are considered to have OID and are not 
distinguishable from the Notes. 
The Issuer may issue additional notes (“Additional Notes”) as described under “Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes—Further Issues”. These Additional Notes, even if they are treated for non-tax purposes as part of the 
same series as the Notes in some cases, may be treated as a separate series for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 
In such a case, the Additional Notes may be considered to have been issued with original issue discount 
(“OID”) (or a greater amount of OID than the original Notes) which may adversely affect the market value of 
the Notes as it will not be possible to distinguish the original Notes from the Additional Notes. 
(III) RISKS RELATED TO THE NOTES ISSUED UNDER THE PROGRAMME  
1. RISKS RELATED TO THE STRUCTURE OF A PARTICULAR ISSUE OF NOTES 
A wide range of Notes may be issued under the Programme. A number of these Notes may have features which 
contain particular risks for potential investors.  
Certain benchmark rates, including EURIBOR, may be discontinued or reformed in the future. 
The Euro Interbank Offered Rate (“EURIBOR”) and other interest rates or other types of rates and indices 
which are deemed to be benchmarks are the subject of ongoing national and international regulatory discussions 
and proposals for reform.  Some of these reforms are already effective whilst others are still to be implemented. 
Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 (the “EU Benchmarks Regulation”) applies, subject to certain transitional 
provisions, to the provision of benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a 
benchmark, within the EU.  Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 as it forms part of domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK Benchmarks Regulation”) 
applies to the provision of benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a

--- Page 36 ---
- 36 -
 
 
benchmark, within the UK.  The EU Benchmarks Regulation or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, 
could have a material impact on any Notes linked to EURIBOR or another benchmark rate or index, in 
particular, if the methodology or other terms of the benchmark are changed in order to comply with the terms 
of the EU Benchmarks Regulation or UK Benchmarks Regulation, and such changes could (amongst other 
things) have the effect of reducing or increasing the rate or level, or affecting the volatility of the published 
rate or level, of the benchmark.  More broadly, any of the international, national or other proposals for reform, 
or the general increased regulatory scrutiny of benchmarks, could increase the costs and risks of administering 
or otherwise participating in the setting of a benchmark and complying with any such regulations or 
requirements.  Such factors may have the effect of discouraging market participants from continuing to 
administer or contribute to certain “benchmarks”, trigger changes in the rules or methodologies used in certain 
“benchmarks” or lead to the discontinuance or unavailability of quotes of certain “benchmarks”. 
As an example of such benchmark reforms, on 21 September 2017, the European Central Bank announced that 
it would be part of a new working group tasked with the identification and adoption of a “risk free overnight 
rate” which can serve as a basis for an alternative to current benchmarks used in a variety of financial 
instruments and contracts in the euro area.  On 13 September 2018, the working group on Euro risk-free rates 
recommended the new Euro short-term rate (“€STR”) as the new risk-free rate for the euro area.  The €STR 
was published for the first time on 2 October 2019.  Although EURIBOR has subsequently been reformed in 
order to comply with the terms of the Benchmarks Regulation, it remains uncertain as to how long it will 
continue in its current form, or whether it will be further reformed or replaced with €STR or an alternative 
benchmark. 
The elimination of EURIBOR or any other benchmark, or changes in the manner of administration of any 
benchmark, could require or result in an adjustment to the interest calculation provisions of the Conditions (as 
further described in Condition 7(i) (Benchmark Replacement), or result in adverse consequences to holders of 
any Notes linked to such benchmark (including Floating Rate Notes whose interest rates are linked to 
EURIBOR or any other such benchmark that is subject to reform).  Furthermore, even prior to the 
implementation of any changes, uncertainty as to the nature of alternative reference rates and as to potential 
changes to such benchmark may adversely affect such benchmark during the term of the relevant Notes, the 
return on the relevant Notes and the trading market for securities (including the Notes) based on the same 
benchmark. 
The Conditions of the Notes provide for certain fallback arrangements in the event that a published benchmark, 
such as EURIBOR, (including any page on which such benchmark may be published (or any other successor 
service)) becomes unavailable or a Benchmark Event or a Benchmark Transition Event (each as defined in the 
Conditions), as applicable, otherwise occurs.  Such an event may be deemed to have occurred prior to the issue 
date for a Series of Notes.  Such fallback arrangements include the possibility that the rate of interest could be 
set by reference to a successor rate or an alternative rate and that such successor rate or alternative reference 
rate may be adjusted (if required) in accordance with the recommendation of a relevant governmental body or 
in order to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic 
prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to investors arising out of the replacement of the relevant benchmark, 
although the application of such adjustments to the Notes may not achieve this objective.  Any such changes 
may result in the Notes performing differently (which may include payment of a lower interest rate) than if the 
original benchmark continued to apply.  In certain circumstances the ultimate fallback of interest for a particular 
Interest Period may result in the rate of interest for the last preceding Interest Period being used. 
This may result in the effective application of a fixed rate for Floating Rate Notes based on the rate which was 
last observed on the Relevant Screen Page.  In addition, due to the uncertainty concerning the availability of 
successor rates and alternative reference rates and the involvement of an Independent Adviser (as defined in 
the Conditions) in certain circumstances, the relevant fallback provisions may not operate as intended at the 
relevant time. 
Any such consequences could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any such Notes. 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the potential 
risks arising from the possible cessation or reform of certain reference rates in making any investment decision 
with respect to any Notes linked to or referencing a benchmark.

--- Page 37 ---
- 37 -
 
 
The Notes may be redeemed by the Issuer or the Guarantor prior to maturity. 
In the event that due to a change in law, the Issuer or the Guarantor (as the case may be) would be obliged to 
increase the amounts payable in respect of any Notes due to any withholding or deduction for or on account of 
any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, 
collected, withheld or assessed by or on behalf of the Kingdom of Spain or any political subdivision thereof or 
any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, and such obligation cannot be avoided by reasonable 
measures, the Issuer or the Guarantor (as the case may be) may redeem all outstanding Notes in accordance 
with the Conditions. 
In addition, if specified in respect of any particular Tranche of Notes in the relevant Final Terms, Notes may 
be redeemable prior to maturity at the Issuer or the Guarantor’s option in certain circumstances. An optional 
redemption feature of Notes is likely to limit the market value of the Notes. During any period when the Issuer 
or the Guarantor (as the case may be) may elect to redeem Notes, the market value of those Notes generally 
will not rise substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any 
redemption period. The Issuer or the Guarantor (as the case may be) may be expected to redeem Notes when 
their cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate on the Notes. At those times, an investor generally would 
not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a comparable security at an effective interest rate as high as 
the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only be able to do so at a significantly lower rate. 
Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments available at that time. 
Exchange rate risks and exchange controls. 
The Issuer or the Guarantor (as the case may be) will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified 
Currency. This presents certain risks relating to currency conversions if an investor’s financial activities are 
denominated principally in a currency or currency unit (the “Investor’s Currency”) other than the Specified 
Currency. These include the risk that exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to 
devaluation of the Specified Currency or revaluation of the Investor’s Currency) and the risk that authorities 
with jurisdiction over the Investor’s Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. An appreciation in 
the value of the Investor’s Currency relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (1) the Investor’s 
Currency- equivalent yield on the Notes, (2) the Investor’s Currency equivalent value of the principal payable 
on the Notes, and (3) the Investor’s Currency equivalent market value of the Notes. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that 
could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate. As a result, investors may receive less interest or principal 
than expected, or no interest or principal. 
Fixed Notes are subject to interest rate risks. 
Investment in Fixed Rate Notes involves the risk that the subsequent changes in market interest rates may 
adversely affect the value of Fixed Rate Notes. 
Furthermore, unless, in the case of any particular Tranche of Notes, the relevant Final Terms specify that the 
Notes are redeemable at the option of the Noteholders, Noteholders will have no right to request the redemption 
of the Notes and should not invest in the Notes in the expectation that the Issuer or the Guarantor (as the case 
may be) would exercise its option to redeem the Notes. Any decision by the Issuer or the Guarantor (as the 
case may be) as to whether it will exercise its option to redeem the Notes will be taken at the absolute discretion 
of the Issuer or the Guarantor (as the case may be) with regard to factors such as, but not limited to, the 
economic impact of exercising such option to redeem the Notes, any tax consequences and the prevailing 
market conditions. Noteholders should be aware that they may be required to bear the financial risks of an 
investment in the Notes until maturity. 
Conflicts of interest between the Calculation Agent and Noteholders. 
With regard to Notes issued where the Issuer has appointed a Calculation Agent, potential conflicts of interest 
may exist between the Calculation Agent (if any) and Noteholders (including where a Dealer acts as a 
Calculation Agent), including with respect to certain determinations and judgements that such Calculation 
Agent may make pursuant to the Conditions that may influence amounts receivable by the Noteholders during 
the term of the Notes and upon their redemption.

--- Page 38 ---
- 38 -
 
 
2. RISKS RELATED TO ANY ISSUE OF NOTES 
A downgrade of the credit rating assigned by any credit rating agency to the Guarantor or, if applicable, to 
the Notes could adversely affect the liquidity or market value of the Notes. Credit ratings downgrades could 
occur as a result of, among other causes, changes in the ratings methodologies used by credit rating 
agencies. 
Tranches of Notes issued under the Programme may be rated by credit rating agencies and may in the future 
be rated by additional credit rating agencies, although the Guarantor is under no obligation to ensure that any 
Notes issued by them under the Programme are rated by any credit rating agency. Credit ratings may not reflect 
the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors discussed in these Risk Factors 
and other factors that may affect the liquidity or market value of the Notes. A credit rating is not a 
recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised, suspended or withdrawn by the credit rating 
agency at any time. 
Any rating assigned to the Guarantor and/or, if applicable, the Notes may be withdrawn entirely by a credit 
rating agency, may be suspended or may be lowered, if, in that credit rating agency’s judgment, circumstances 
relating to the basis of the rating so warrant. Ratings may be impacted by a number of factors which can change 
over time, including the credit rating agency’s assessment of: the Guarantor’s strategy and management’s 
capability; the Guarantor’s financial condition including in respect of funding and liquidity; competitive and 
economic conditions in the Guarantor’s key markets; the level of political support for the industries in which 
the Guarantor operates; and legal and regulatory frameworks affecting the Guarantor’s legal structure, business 
activities and the rights of its creditors. The credit rating agencies may also revise the ratings methodologies 
applicable to issuers within a particular industry or political or economic region. If credit rating agencies 
perceive there to be adverse changes in the factors affecting a company’s credit rating, including by virtue of 
change to applicable ratings methodologies, the credit rating agencies may downgrade, suspend or withdraw 
the ratings assigned to a company and/or its securities. Revisions to ratings methodologies and actions on the 
Guarantor’s ratings by the credit rating agencies may occur in the future. 
If the Guarantor determines to no longer maintain one or more ratings, or if any credit rating agency withdraws, 
suspends or downgrades the credit ratings of the Guarantor or the Notes, or if such a withdrawal, suspension 
or downgrade is anticipated (or any credit rating agency places the credit ratings of the Guarantor or, if 
applicable, the Notes on “credit watch” status in contemplation of a downgrade, suspension or withdrawal), 
whether as a result of the factors described above or otherwise, such event could adversely affect the liquidity 
or market value of the Notes (whether or not the Notes had an assigned rating prior to such event). If the status 
of the rating agency of the Notes changes, European (including United Kingdom) regulated investors may no 
longer be able to use the rating for regulatory purposes and the Notes may have a different regulatory treatment. 
This may result in European (including United Kingdom) regulated investors selling the Notes which may 
impact the value of the Notes and any secondary market.  
The trading market for debt securities may be volatile and may be adversely impacted by many events 
The market for debt securities issued by the Issuer is influenced by economic, political and market conditions 
and, to varying degrees, market conditions, interest rates, currency exchange rates and inflation rates. If the 
secondary market for the Notes is limited, there may be few buyers and this may reduce the relevant market 
price of the Notes. There can be no assurance that events in Spain, the jurisdictions in which the Guarantor 
operates or elsewhere will not cause market volatility or that such volatility will not adversely affect the price 
of Notes or that economic and market conditions will not have any other adverse effect on the Notes. 
Changes in law may adversely affect the rights of Noteholders. 
Changes in law after the date hereof may affect the rights of Noteholders as well as the market value of the 
Notes. The Conditions (other than Condition 4 (Status and Guarantee), which is governed by Spanish law) are 
based on English law in effect as at the date of issue of the relevant Notes. No assurance can be given as to the 
impact that any possible judicial decision or change to English law or Spanish law or administrative practice 
after the date of issue of the relevant Notes may have on the rights and effective remedies of Noteholders. Such 
changes in law may include changes in statutory, tax and regulatory regimes during the life of the Notes, which 
may have an adverse effect on the market value of the Notes.

--- Page 39 ---
- 39 -
 
 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following information shall be deemed to be incorporated in, and to form part of, this Base Prospectus: 
1. 
Audited Consolidated Financial Statements of the Guarantor and its subsidiaries as of and for the 
year ended 31 December 2023, and corresponding audit report with unqualified audit opinion issued 
by Deloitte, S.L. and the corresponding Management Report (the “2023 Consolidated Financial 
Statements”). 
The 2023 Consolidated Financial Statements may be obtained from: 
https://www.cepsa.com/stfls/corporativo/FICHEROS/2023-consolidated-financial-statements.pdf  
2. 
Audited Consolidated Financial Statements of the Guarantor and its subsidiaries as of and for the 
year ended 31 December 2022, and corresponding audit report with unqualified audit opinion issued 
by Deloitte, S.L. and the corresponding Management Report (the “2022 Consolidated Financial 
Statements”). 
The 2022 Consolidated Financial Statements may be obtained from: 
https://www.cepsa.com/stfls/corporativo/FICHEROS/cuentas-anuales-consolidadas-2022-en.pdf 
3. 
Audited Financial Statements of the Issuer as of and for the year ended 31 December 2023, and 
corresponding audit report with unqualified audit opinion issued by Deloitte, S.L. (the “2023 
Financial Statements”). 
The 2023 Financial Statements may be obtained from: 
https://www.cepsa.com/stfls/corporativo/FICHEROS/annual-acounts-cepsa-finance-2023.pdf 
4. 
Audited Financial Statements of the Issuer as of and for the year ended 31 December 2022, and 
corresponding audit report with unqualified audit opinion issued by Deloitte, S.L. (the “2022 
Financial Statements”). 
The 2022 Financial Statements may be obtained from: 
https://www.cepsa.com/stfls/corporativo/FICHEROS/annual-acounts-cepsa-finance-2022.pdf 
5. 
The terms and conditions of the Notes issued by CEPSA Finance, S.A.U. of the base prospectus 
dated 2 June 2020 relating to the Programme (the “2020 Terms and Conditions”). 
The 2020 Terms and Conditions may be obtained from: 
https://www.cepsa.com/stfls/corporativo/FICHEROS/FINAL-BASE-PROSPECTUS-CEPSA-
EMTN-2-JUNE-2020-en.pdf 
6. 
The terms and conditions of the Notes issued by CEPSA Finance, S.A.U. of the base prospectus 
dated 26 April 2019 relating to the Programme (the “2019 Terms and Conditions”). 
The 2019 Terms and Conditions may be obtained from: 
https://www.cepsa.com/stfls/corporativo/FICHEROS/Informes_anuales/FINAL_BASE_PROSPE
CTUS_CEPSA_26_APRIL_2019-en.pdf  
Such documents will be made available, free of charge, during usual business hours at the specified offices of 
the Agent, unless such documents have been modified or superseded, and on the website of the Guarantor at 
the links above. 
The information incorporated by reference that is not included in the above list, is considered as additional 
information and is not required by the relevant schedules of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980

--- Page 40 ---
- 40 -
 
 
supplementing the Prospectus Regulation as regards the format, content, scrutiny and approval of the 
prospectus to be published when securities are offered to the public or admitted to trading on a regulated market, 
and repealing Commission Regulation (EC) No 809/2004.  
For the avoidance of doubt, unless specifically incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus, information 
contained on any website referred to in this Base Prospectus does not form part of this Base Prospectus. The 
Central Bank of Ireland as competent authority has not scrutinised or approved the information on any website 
referred to in this Base Prospectus.  
Any statement contained in a document that is deemed to be incorporated by reference herein shall be deemed 
to be modified or superseded for the purpose of this Base Prospectus to the extent that a statement contained 
herein modifies or supersedes such earlier statement (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise). Any 
statement so modified or superseded shall not be deemed, except as so modified or superseded, to constitute a 
part of this Base Prospectus. To the extent that any document or information incorporated by reference to this 
Base Prospectus itself incorporates any information by reference, either expressly or impliedly, such 
information will not form part of this Base Prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation, except 
where such information or documents are stated within this Base Prospectus as specifically being incorporated 
by reference or where this Base Prospectus is specifically defined as including such information.  
SUPPLEMENT TO THIS BASE PROSPECTUS 
If at any time the Issuer shall be required to prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus pursuant to Article 
23 of the Prospectus Regulation, the Issuer and the Guarantor shall prepare and make available an appropriate 
supplement to this Base Prospectus or a further base prospectus, which, in respect of any subsequent issue of 
Notes to be listed on the Official List of Euronext Dublin and admitted to trading on the Regulated Market, 
shall constitute a “Supplement to the Base Prospectus”, as required by the Prospectus Regulation.

--- Page 41 ---
- 41 -
 
 
FINAL TERMS AND DRAWDOWN PROSPECTUSES 
In this section the expression “necessary information” means, in relation to any Tranche of Notes, the necessary 
information which is material to an investor for making  an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, 
financial position, profits and losses and prospects of the Issuer and the Guarantor and of the rights attaching 
to the Notes. In relation to the different types of Notes which may be issued under the Programme the Issuer 
and the Guarantor have included in this Base Prospectus all of the necessary information except for information 
relating to the Notes which is not known at the date of this Base Prospectus and which can only be determined 
at the time of an individual issue of a Tranche of Notes.   
Any information relating to the Notes which is not included in this Base Prospectus and which is required in 
order to complete the necessary information in relation to a Tranche of Notes will be contained either in the 
relevant Final Terms or in a Drawdown Prospectus.  
For a Tranche of Notes which is the subject of Final Terms, those Final Terms will, for the purposes of that 
Tranche only, complete this Base Prospectus and must be read in conjunction with this Base Prospectus. The 
terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes which is the subject of Final Terms are the 
Conditions described in the relevant Final Terms as supplemented to the extent described in the relevant Final 
Terms.  
The terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes which is the subject of a Drawdown 
Prospectus will be the Conditions as supplemented, amended and/or replaced to the extent described in the 
relevant Drawdown Prospectus. In the case of a Tranche of Notes which is the subject of a Drawdown 
Prospectus, each reference in this Base Prospectus to information being specified or identified in the relevant 
Final Terms shall be read and construed as a reference to such information being specified or identified in the 
relevant Drawdown Prospectus unless the context requires otherwise.   
Each Drawdown Prospectus will be constituted by a single document containing the necessary information 
relating to the Issuer and the Guarantor and the relevant Notes.

--- Page 42 ---
- 42 -
 
 
FORMS OF THE NOTES 
Each Tranche of Notes will initially be in the form of either a temporary global note in bearer form (the 
“Temporary Global Note”), without interest coupons, or a permanent global note (the “Permanent Global 
Note”), without interest coupons, in each case as specified in the relevant Final Terms.  Each Temporary Global 
Note or, as the case may be, Permanent Global Note (each a “Global Note”) which is not intended to be issued 
in new global note (“NGN”) form, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, will be deposited on or around the 
issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes with a depositary or a common depositary for Euroclear Bank 
SA/NV (“Euroclear”) as operator of the Euroclear System and/or Clearstream Banking S.A., Luxembourg 
(“Clearstream, Luxembourg”) and/or any other relevant clearing system and each Global Note which is 
intended to be issued in NGN form, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, will be deposited on or around 
the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes with a common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. 
On 13 June 2006 the European Central Bank (the “ECB”) announced that Notes in NGN form are in 
compliance with the “Standards for the use of EU securities settlement systems in ESCB credit operations” of 
the central banking system for the euro (the “Eurosystem”), provided that certain other criteria are fulfilled. 
At the same time the ECB also announced that arrangements for Notes in NGN form will be offered by 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as of 30 June 2006 and that debt securities in global bearer form 
issued through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg after 31 December 2006 will only be eligible as 
collateral for Eurosystem operations if the NGN form is used. 
The relevant Final Terms will also specify whether United States Treasury Regulation §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) 
(the “TEFRA C Rules”) or United States Treasury Regulation §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (the “TEFRA D Rules”) 
are applicable in relation to the Notes or, if the Notes do not have a maturity of more than 365 days, that neither 
the TEFRA C Rules nor the TEFRA D Rules are applicable. 
Denominations 
No Notes may be issued under the Programme which have a minimum denomination of less than EUR 100,000 
(or equivalent in another currency) in the case of Notes to be admitted to trading on a regulated market as 
defined in Article 4, paragraph 1, point 21 of EU MiFID II and/or offered to the public in an EEA member 
state or the United Kingdom in circumstances which require the publication of a prospectus under the 
Prospectus Regulation, and in compliance with all applicable legal and/or regulatory and/or central bank 
requirements. Subject thereto, Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, subject to compliance with all applicable legal and/or regulatory and/or central bank requirements. 
However, Notes may only be issued in the relevant minimum denomination and be in integral multiples of such 
specified minimum denomination. 
Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Permanent Global Note 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being “Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent Global Note”, then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Temporary Global Note which will 
be exchangeable, in whole or in part, for interests in a Permanent Global Note, without interest coupons, on or 
after its Exchange Date upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership. No payments will be made 
under the Temporary Global Note unless exchange for interests in the Permanent Global Note is improperly 
withheld or refused. In addition, interest payments in respect of the Notes cannot be collected without such 
certification of non-U.S. beneficial ownership. 
Whenever any interest in the Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for an interest in a Permanent Global 
Note, the Issuer shall procure (in the case of first exchange) the delivery of a Permanent Global Note to the 
bearer of the Temporary Global Note or (in the case of any subsequent exchange) an increase in the principal 
amount of the Permanent Global Note in accordance with its terms against: 
(i) 
presentation and (in the case of final exchange) presentation and surrender of the Temporary Global 
Note to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent; and 
(ii) 
receipt by the Fiscal Agent of a certificate or certificates of non-U.S. beneficial ownership.

--- Page 43 ---
- 43 -
 
 
The principal amount of Notes represented by the Permanent Global Note shall be equal to the aggregate of 
the principal amounts specified in the certificates of non-U.S. beneficial ownership provided, however, that in 
no circumstances shall the principal amount of Notes represented by the Permanent Global Note exceed the 
initial principal amount of Notes represented by the Temporary Global Note. 
If: 
(a) 
the Permanent Global Note has not been delivered or the principal amount thereof increased by 5.00 
p.m. (London time) on the seventh day after the bearer of the Temporary Global Note has requested 
exchange of an interest in the Temporary Global Note for an interest in a Permanent Global Note; or 
(b) 
the Temporary Global Note (or any part thereof) has become due and payable in accordance with the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes or the date for final redemption of the Temporary Global Note has 
occurred and, in either case, payment in full of the amount of principal falling due with all accrued 
interest thereon has not been made to the bearer of the Temporary Global Note in accordance with the 
terms of the Temporary Global Note on the due date for payment, 
then the Temporary Global Note (including the obligation to deliver a Permanent Global Note) will become 
void at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on such seventh day (in the case of (a) above) or at 5.00 p.m. (London time) 
on such due date (in the case of (b) above) and the bearer of the Temporary Global Note will have no further 
rights thereunder (but without prejudice to the rights which the bearer of the Temporary Global Note or others 
may have under the Deed of Covenant).   
The Permanent Global Note will become exchangeable, in whole but not in part only and at the request of the 
bearer of the Permanent Global Note, for Bearer Notes in definitive form (“Definitive Notes”), if either of the 
following events occurs: 
(i) 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing system is closed for 
business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of legal holidays) or 
announces an intention permanently to cease business; or 
(ii) 
any of the circumstances described in Condition 12 (Events of Default) occurs. 
Whenever the Permanent Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall procure the 
prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with Coupons 
and Talons attached (if so specified in the Final Terms), in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal 
amount of Notes represented by the Permanent Global Note to the bearer of the Permanent Global Note against 
the surrender of the Permanent Global Note to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent within 30 days of the bearer 
requesting such exchange. 
If: 
(a) 
Definitive Notes have not been duly delivered by 5.00 p.m. (London time) on the thirtieth day after 
the bearer has requested exchange of the Permanent Global Note for Definitive Notes; or 
(b) 
the Permanent Global Note was originally issued in exchange for part only of a Temporary Global 
Note representing the Notes and such Temporary Global Note becomes void in accordance with its 
terms; or 
(c) 
the Permanent Global Note (or any part thereof) has become due and payable in accordance with the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes or the date for final redemption of the Permanent Global Note has 
occurred and, in either case, payment in full of the amount of principal falling due with all accrued 
interest thereon has not been made to the bearer in accordance with the terms of the Permanent Global 
Note on the due date for payment, 
then the Permanent Global Note (including the obligation to deliver Definitive Notes) will become void at 5.00 
p.m. (London time) on such thirtieth day (in the case of (a) above) or at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on the date 
on which such Temporary Global Note becomes void (in the case of (b) above) or at 5.00 p.m. (London time) 
on such due date ((c) above) and the bearer of the Permanent Global Note will have no further rights thereunder

--- Page 44 ---
- 44 -
 
 
(but without prejudice to the rights which the bearer of the Permanent Global Note or others may have under 
the Deed of Covenant). 
Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being “Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes” and also specifies that the TEFRA C Rules are applicable or that neither the TEFRA C Rules 
or the TEFRA D Rules are applicable, then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Temporary Global Note 
which will be exchangeable, in whole but not in part, for Definitive Notes on or after its Exchange Date. 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being “Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes” and also specifies that the TEFRA D Rules are applicable, then the Notes will initially be in 
the form of a Temporary Global Note which will be exchangeable, in whole or in part, for Definitive Notes on 
or after its Exchange Date upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership. Interest payments in respect 
of the Notes cannot be collected without such certification of non-U.S. beneficial ownership. 
Whenever the Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall procure the 
prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with Coupons 
and Talons attached (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), in an aggregate principal amount equal to the 
principal amount of the Temporary Global Note to the bearer of the Temporary Global Note against the 
surrender of the Temporary Global Note to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent within 30 days of the bearer 
requesting such exchange.   
If: 
(a) 
Definitive Notes have not been duly delivered by 5.00 p.m. (London time) on the thirtieth day after 
the bearer has requested exchange of the Temporary Global Note for Definitive Notes; or 
(b) 
the Temporary Global Note (or any part thereof) has become due and payable in accordance with the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes or the date for final redemption of the Temporary Global Note has 
occurred and, in either case, payment in full of the amount of principal falling due with all accrued 
interest thereon has not been made to the bearer in accordance with the terms of the Temporary Global 
Note on the due date for payment, 
then the Temporary Global Note (including the obligation to deliver Definitive Notes) will become void at 5.00 
p.m. (London time) on such thirtieth day (in the case of (a) above) or at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on such due 
date (in the case of (b) above) and the bearer of the Temporary Global Note will have no further rights 
thereunder (but without prejudice to the rights which the bearer of the Temporary Global Note or others may 
have under the Deed of Covenant).  
Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being “Permanent Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes”, then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Permanent Global Note which will be 
exchangeable in whole, but not in part, for Definitive Notes, if either of the following events occurs: 
(i) 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing system is closed for 
business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of legal holidays) or 
announces an intention permanently to cease business; or  
(ii) 
any of the circumstances described in Condition 12 (Events of Default) occurs. 
Whenever the Permanent Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall procure the 
prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with Coupons 
and Talons attached (if so specified in the Final Terms), in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal 
amount of Notes represented by the Permanent Global Note to the bearer of the Permanent Global Note against 
the surrender of the Permanent Global Note to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent within 30 days of the bearer 
requesting such exchange. 
If:

--- Page 45 ---
- 45 -
 
 
(a) 
Definitive Notes have not been duly delivered by 5.00 p.m. (London time) on the thirtieth day after 
the bearer has requested exchange of the Permanent Global Note for Definitive Notes; or 
(b) 
the Permanent Global Note (or any part thereof) has become due and payable in accordance with the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes or the date for final redemption of the Permanent Global Note has 
occurred and, in either case, payment in full of the amount of principal falling due with all accrued 
interest thereon has not been made to the bearer in accordance with the terms of the Permanent Global 
Note on the due date for payment, 
then the Permanent Global Note (including the obligation to deliver Definitive Notes) will become void at 5.00 
p.m. (London time) on such thirtieth day (in the case of (a) above) or at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on such due 
date ((b) above) and the bearer of the Permanent Global Note will have no further rights thereunder (but without 
prejudice to the rights which the bearer of the Permanent Global Note or others may have under the Deed of 
Covenant). 
Exchange Date 
“Exchange Date” means, in relation to each Temporary Global Note, any day following the expiry of 40 days 
after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes.  
Rights under Deed of Covenant 
Under the Deed of Covenant, persons shown in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
and/or any other relevant clearing system as being entitled to an interest in a Temporary Global Note or a 
Permanent Global Note which becomes void will acquire directly against the Issuer all those rights to which 
they would have been entitled if, immediately before the Temporary Global Note or Permanent Global Note 
became void, they had been the holders of Definitive Notes in an aggregate principal amount equal to the 
principal amount of Notes they were shown as holding in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system. 
Terms and Conditions applicable to the Notes 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Definitive Note will be endorsed on that Note and will consist of 
the terms and conditions set out under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” below and the provisions of (i) the 
relevant Final Terms which complete or, (ii) the relevant Drawdown Prospectus which supplements, amends 
and/or replaces, those terms and conditions. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Note in global form will differ from those terms and conditions 
which would apply to the Note were it in definitive form to the extent described under “Summary of Provisions 
Relating to the Notes while in Global Form” below. 
Legend concerning United States persons 
In the case of any Tranche of Bearer Notes having a maturity of more than 365 days, the Notes in global form, 
the Notes in definitive form and any Coupons and Talons appertaining thereto will bear a legend to the 
following effect: 
“Any United States person who holds this obligation will be subject to limitations under the United 
States income tax laws, including the limitations provided in Sections 165(j) and 1287(a) of the 
Internal Revenue Code.”

--- Page 46 ---
- 46 -
 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions which, as completed by the relevant Final Terms, will be 
endorsed on each Note in definitive form issued under the Programme. In the case of any Tranche of Notes 
which is being admitted to trading on a regulated market in an EEA member state or the United Kingdom, the 
relevant Final Terms shall not amend or replace any information in this Base Prospectus.  Subject to this, to 
the extent permitted by applicable law and/or regulation, the Final Terms in respect of any Tranche of Notes 
may complete any information in this Base Prospectus. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Note in global form will differ from those terms and conditions 
which would apply to the Note were it in definitive form to the extent described under “Summary of Provisions 
Relating to the Notes while in Global Form”, below. 
1. 
Introduction 
(a) 
Programme: CEPSA Finance, S.A.U. (the “Issuer”) has established a Euro Medium Term Note 
Programme (the “Programme”) for the issuance of up to €3,000,000,000 in aggregate principal 
amount of notes (the “Notes”) guaranteed by Compañía Española de Petróleos, S.A. (the 
“Guarantor”). 
(b) 
Final Terms: Notes issued under the Programme are issued in series (each a “Series”) and each Series 
may comprise one or more tranches (each a “Tranche”) of Notes. Each Tranche is the subject of (i) a 
final terms (the “Final Terms”) which completes these terms and conditions, or (ii) a separate 
prospectus specific to such Tranche (the “Drawdown Prospectus”) which supplements, amends 
and/or replaces these terms and conditions, (in each case, the “Conditions”). The terms and conditions 
applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes are these Conditions as completed by the relevant Final 
Terms or, as the case may be, as supplemented amended and/or replaced in the relevant Drawdown 
Prospectus. In the event of any inconsistency between these Conditions and the relevant Final Terms, 
or, as the case may be, the Drawdown Prospectus, the relevant Final Terms or the relevant Drawdown 
Prospectus shall prevail. In the case of a Tranche of Notes which is the subject of a Drawdown 
Prospectus, each reference in these Conditions to information being specified or identified in the 
relevant Final Terms shall be read and construed as a reference to such information being specified or 
identified in the relevant Drawdown Prospectus, unless the context requires otherwise. 
(c) 
Agency Agreement: The Notes are the subject of an issue and paying agency agreement dated 2 April 
2024 (the “Agency Agreement”) between the Issuer, the Guarantor, The Bank of New York Mellon, 
London Branch as fiscal agent (the “Fiscal Agent”, which expression includes any successor fiscal 
agent appointed from time to time in connection with the Notes), and the paying agents named therein 
(together with the Fiscal Agent, the “Paying Agents”, which expression includes any successor or 
additional paying agents appointed from time to time in connection with the Notes).  
(d) 
Deed of Guarantee: The Notes are the subject of a deed of guarantee dated 2 April 2024 (the “Deed 
of Guarantee”) entered into by the Guarantor. 
(e) 
The Notes: All subsequent references in these Conditions to “Notes” are to the Notes which are the 
subject of the relevant Final Terms. Copies of the relevant Final Terms are available for viewing during 
normal business hours at the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent, the initial Specified Offices of which 
are set out below, and on the Guarantor’s website at https://www.cepsa.com/en/investors/ratings-debt-
issuances. 
(f) 
Summaries: Certain provisions of these Conditions are summaries of the Agency Agreement and the 
Deed of Guarantee and are subject to their detailed provisions. The holders of Notes (the 
“Noteholders”) and the holders of the related interest coupons, if any, (the “Couponholders” and the 
“Coupons”, respectively) and the holders of the receipts for the payment of instalments of principal 
(the “Receipts”) relating to Notes of which the principal is payable in instalments are bound by, and 
are deemed to have notice of, all the provisions of the Agency Agreement and the Deed of Guarantee 
applicable to them. Copies of the Agency Agreement and the Deed of Guarantee are available for 
inspection by Noteholders during normal business hours at the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent.

--- Page 47 ---
- 47 -
 
 
(g) 
Public Deed of Issuance: If so required by Spanish law, the Issuer will execute a public deed (escritura 
pública) (the “Public Deed of Issuance”) before a Spanish Notary Public in relation to the Notes. The 
Public Deed of Issuance will contain, among other information, the terms and conditions of the Notes. 
2. 
Interpretation 
(a) 
Definitions:  In these Conditions the following expressions have the following meanings: 
“2006 ISDA Definitions“ means, in relation to a Series of Notes, the 2006 ISDA Definitions (as 
supplemented, amended and updated as at the date of issue of the first Tranche of the Notes of such 
Series) as published by ISDA (copies of which may be obtained from ISDA at www.isda.org);  
“2021 ISDA Definitions“ means, in relation to a Series of Notes, the latest version of the 2021 ISDA 
Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions (including each Matrix (and any successor Matrix thereto), as 
defined in such 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions) as at the date of issue of the first 
Tranche of Notes of such Series, as published by ISDA on its website (www.isda.org); 
“Accrual Yield” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Additional Business Centre(s)” means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Additional Financial Centre(s)”  means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
“Business Day” means: 
(a) 
in relation to any sum payable in euro, a TARGET Settlement Day and a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments generally in each (if any) 
Additional Business Centre; and 
(b) 
in relation to any sum payable in a currency other than euro, a day on which commercial banks 
and foreign exchange markets settle payments generally in London, in the Principal Financial 
Centre of the relevant currency and in each (if any) Additional Business Centre; 
“Business Day Convention”, in relation to any particular date, has the meaning given in the relevant 
Final Terms and, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, may have different meanings in relation 
to different dates and, in this context, the following expressions shall have the following meanings: 
(a) 
“Following Business Day Convention” means that the relevant date shall be postponed to 
the first following day that is a Business Day; 
(b) 
“Modified Following Business Day Convention” or “Modified Business Day Convention” 
means that the relevant date shall be postponed to the first following day that is a Business 
Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month in which case that date will be the first 
preceding day that is a Business Day; 
(c) 
“Preceding Business Day Convention” means that the relevant date shall be brought forward 
to the first preceding day that is a Business Day; 
(d) 
“FRN Convention”, “Floating Rate Convention” or “Eurodollar Convention” means that 
each relevant date shall be the date which numerically corresponds to the preceding such date 
in the calendar month which is the number of months specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
the Specified Period after the calendar month in which the preceding such date occurred 
provided, however, that: 
(i) 
if there is no such numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which any 
such date should occur, then such date will be the last day which is a Business Day 
in that calendar month; 
(ii) 
if any such date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then such 
date will be the first following day which is a Business Day unless that day falls in

--- Page 48 ---
- 48 -
 
 
the next calendar month, in which case it will be the first preceding day which is a 
Business Day; and 
(iii) 
if the preceding such date occurred on the last day in a calendar month which was a 
Business Day, then all subsequent such dates will be the last day which is a Business 
Day in the calendar month which is the specified number of months after the calendar 
month in which the preceding such date occurred; and 
(e) 
“No Adjustment” means that the relevant date shall not be adjusted in accordance with any 
Business Day Convention; 
“Calculation Agent” means the Fiscal Agent or such other Person specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as the party responsible for calculating the Rate(s) of Interest and Interest Amount(s) and/or 
such other amount(s) as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms;  
“Calculation Amount” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Coupon Sheet” means, in respect of a Note, a coupon sheet relating to the Note; 
“DA Selected Bond” means the selected government security or securities selected by the 
Determination Agent as having the nearest actual or interpolated maturity comparable with the 
Remaining Term of the relevant Notes to be redeemed and that would be utilised, at the time of 
selection and in accordance with customary financial practice, in determining the redemption price of 
corporate debt securities denominated in the Specified Currency as the Notes and of a comparable 
maturity to the Remaining Term; provided however, that, if the Remaining Term of the Notes to be 
redeemed is less than one year, a fixed maturity of one year shall be used;                 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount for any period of time (the 
“Calculation Period”), such day count fraction as may be specified in these Conditions or the relevant 
Final Terms and: 
(a) 
if “Actual/Actual (ICMA)” is so specified, means: 
(i) 
where the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Regular Period during 
which it falls, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the 
product of (1) the actual number of days in such Regular Period and (2) the number 
of Regular Periods in any year; and 
(ii) 
where the Calculation Period is longer than one Regular Period, the sum of: 
(A) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Regular 
Period in which it begins divided by the product of (1) the actual number of 
days in such Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods in any 
year; and 
(B) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next 
Regular Period divided by the product of (a) the actual number of days in 
such Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods in any year; 
(b) 
if “Actual/Actual (ISDA)” is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of the Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the sum 
of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a leap year 
divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period 
falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(c) 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 365; 
(d) 
if “Actual/360” is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360;

--- Page 49 ---
- 49 -
 
 
(e) 
if “30/360” is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, 
calculated on a formula basis as follows 
Day Count Fraction =
360
)
(
)]
(
30
[
)]
(
360
[
1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
M
M
x
Y
Y
x





 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater 
than 29, in which case D2 will be 30”; 
(f) 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
360
)
(
)]
(
30
[
)]
(
360
[
1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
M
M
x
Y
Y
x





 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case 
D2 will be 30; and 
if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
360
)
(
)]
(
30
[
)]
(
360
[
1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
M
M
x
Y
Y
x






--- Page 50 ---
- 50 -
 
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
(i) that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case 
D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but 
not the Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30, 
provided, however, that in each such case the number of days in the Calculation Period is 
calculated from and including the first day of the Calculation Period to but excluding the last 
day of the Calculation Period; 
“Determination Agent” means an investment bank, or financial institution of international standing 
or other financial adviser, in each case with appropriate expertise, selected by the Issuer; 
“Extraordinary Resolution” has the meaning given in the Agency Agreement; 
“Final Redemption Amount” means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such other 
amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“First Interest Payment Date” means the date specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Fitch Ratings” means Fitch Ratings Ireland Spanish Branch, Sucursal en España or any successor to 
the rating agency business thereof; 
“Fixed Coupon Amount” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Group” means the Guarantor together with its consolidated Subsidiaries; 
“Guarantee” means, in relation to any Indebtedness of any Person, any obligation of another Person 
to pay such Indebtedness including (without limitation): 
(a) 
any obligation to purchase such Indebtedness; 
(b) 
any obligation to lend money, to purchase or subscribe shares or other securities or to purchase 
assets or services in order to provide funds for the payment of such Indebtedness; 
(c) 
any indemnity against the consequences of a default in the payment of such Indebtedness; and 
(d) 
any other agreement to be responsible for such Indebtedness; 
“Guarantee of the Notes” means the guarantee of the Notes given by the Guarantor in the Deed of 
Guarantee; 
“Indebtedness” means any indebtedness of any Person for money borrowed or raised including 
(without limitation) any indebtedness for or in respect of: 
(a) 
amounts raised by acceptance under any acceptance credit facility;

--- Page 51 ---
- 51 -
 
 
(b) 
amounts raised under any note purchase facility; 
(c) 
the amount of any liability in respect of leases or hire purchase contracts which would, in 
accordance with applicable law and generally accepted accounting principles, be treated as 
finance or capital leases; 
(d) 
amounts raised under any other transaction (including, without limitation, any forward sale or 
purchase agreement) having the commercial effect of a borrowing; 
“Interest Amount” means, in relation to a Note and an Interest Period, the amount of interest payable 
in respect of that Note for that Interest Period, which, in the case of Fixed Rate Notes, and unless 
otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, shall mean the Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken 
Amount specified in the relevant Final Terms as being payable on the relevant Interest Payment Date(s) 
in respect of such Interest Period; 
“Interest Commencement Date” means the Issue Date of the Notes or such other date as may be 
specified as the Interest Commencement Date in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Interest Determination Date” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Interest Payment Date” means the First Interest Payment Date and any other date or dates specified 
as such in, or determined in accordance with the provisions of, the relevant Final Terms and, if a 
Business Day Convention is specified in the relevant Final Terms: 
(a) 
as the same may be adjusted in accordance with the relevant Business Day Convention; or 
(b) 
if the Business Day Convention is the FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or 
Eurodollar Convention and an interval of a number of calendar months is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as being the Specified Period, each of such dates as may occur in 
accordance with the FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar Convention at 
such Specified Period of calendar months following the Interest Commencement Date (in the 
case of the first Interest Payment Date) or the previous Interest Payment Date (in any other 
case); 
“Interest Period” means each period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement Date 
or any Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next Interest Payment Date; 
“Investment Grade Rating” means, any Rating which is (a) with respect to S&P, within any of the 
categories from and including AAA to and including BBB- (or equivalent successor categories), (b) 
with respect to Moody’s, within any of the categories from and including Aaa to and including Baa3 
(or equivalent successor categories) or (c) with respect to Fitch Ratings, within any of the categories 
from and including AAA to and including BBB- (or equivalent successor categories); 
“ISDA” means the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. (or any successor); 
“ISDA Definitions” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Issue Date” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Make Whole Redemption Price” has the meaning given in Condition 9(c) (Redemption and 
Purchase—Redemption at the option of the Issuer); 
“Margin” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Material Subsidiary” means any direct or indirect Subsidiary of the Issuer or the Guarantor whose 
total assets represent not less than 10 per cent. of the total assets of the Group, or whose total revenues 
represent not less than 10 per cent. of the total revenue of the Group (determined by reference to the 
most recent publicly available audited consolidated annual accounts of the Guarantor); 
“Maturity Date” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Maximum Redemption Amount” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 52 ---
- 52 -
 
 
“Minimum Redemption Amount” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Moody’s” means Moody’s Deutschland GmbH or any successor to the rating agency business thereof; 
“Non-Investment Grade Rating” means, any Rating which is not an Investment Grade Rating; 
“Noteholder”, has the meaning given in Condition 3 (Form, Denomination and Title); 
“Optional Redemption Amount (Call)” means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such 
other amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Optional Redemption Amount (Put)” means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such 
other amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Optional Redemption Date (Call)” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms but which 
shall in any event be no later than the first possible Residual Maturity Call Option Redemption Date, 
if the Residual Maturity Call Option has been specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Optional Redemption Date (Put)” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Par Redemption Date” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Participating Member State” means a Member State of the European Communities which adopts 
the euro as its lawful currency in accordance with the Treaty; 
“Payment Business Day” means: 
(a) 
if the currency of payment is euro, any day which is: 
(i) 
a day on which banks in the relevant place of presentation and in the relevant 
principal financial centre of the currency of payment are open for presentation and 
payment of bearer debt securities and for dealings in foreign currencies; and 
(ii) 
in the case of payment by transfer to an account, a TARGET Settlement Day and a 
day on which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in each (if any) 
Additional Financial Centre; or 
(b) 
if the currency of payment is not euro, any day which is: 
(i) 
a day on which banks in the relevant place of presentation and in the relevant 
principal financial centre of the currency of payment are open for presentation and 
payment of bearer debt securities and for dealings in foreign currencies; and 
(ii) 
in the case of payment by transfer to an account, a day on which dealings in foreign 
currencies may be carried on in the Principal Financial Centre of the currency of 
payment and in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre; 
“Person” means any individual, company, corporation, firm, partnership, joint venture, association, 
organisation, state or agency of a state or other entity, whether or not having separate legal personality; 
“Principal Financial Centre” means, in relation to any currency, the principal financial centre for 
that currency provided, however, that: 
(a) 
in relation to euro, it means the principal financial centre of such Member State of the 
European Communities as is selected (in the case of a payment) by the payee; and 
(b) 
in relation to New Zealand dollars, it means either Wellington or Auckland as is selected (in 
the case of a payment) by the payee; 
“Put Option Notice” means a notice which must be delivered to a Paying Agent by any Noteholder 
wanting to exercise a right to redeem a Note at the option of the Noteholder;

--- Page 53 ---
- 53 -
 
 
“Put Option Receipt” means a receipt issued by a Paying Agent to a depositing Noteholder upon 
deposit of a Note with such Paying Agent by any Noteholder wanting to exercise a right to redeem a 
Note at the option of the Noteholder; 
“Put Period” means the immediately succeeding 30-day period after the date on which a Put Event 
Notice has been published in accordance with Condition 18 (Notices); 
“Quotation Time” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Rate of Interest” means the rate or rates (expressed as a percentage per annum) of interest payable 
in respect of the Notes specified in the relevant Final Terms or calculated or determined in accordance 
with the provisions of these Conditions and/or the relevant Final Terms; 
“Redemption Amount” means, as appropriate, the Final Redemption Amount, the Optional 
Redemption Amount (Call), the Substantial Purchase Event Redemption Amount, the Residual 
Maturity Redemption Amount, the Change of Control (Put) Amount, the Optional Redemption 
Amount (Put) or such other amount in the nature of a redemption amount as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms; 
“Redemption Margin” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Reference Bond” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or, if not so specified or to the 
extent that such Reference Bond specified in the Final Terms is no longer outstanding on the relevant 
Reference Date, the DA Selected Bond; 
“Reference Bond Price” means, with respect to any Reference Bond and any Reference Date, (i) if at 
least five Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations are received, the arithmetic average of the 
Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations for such Reference Date, after excluding the highest 
(or in the event of equality, one of the highest) and lowest (or in the event of equality, one of the lowest) 
such Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations, or (ii) if fewer than five such Reference 
Government Bond Dealer Quotations are received, the arithmetic average of all such quotations; 
“Reference Bond Rate” means, with respect to any Reference Bond and any Reference Date, the rate 
per annum equal to the annual or semi-annual yield (as the case may be) for the Remaining Term or 
interpolated yield for the Remaining Term (on the relevant day count basis) of the Notes, assuming a 
price for the Reference Bond (expressed as a percentage of its principal amount) equal to the Reference 
Bond Price for such Reference Date; 
“Reference Date” means the date falling three London Business Days prior to the Optional 
Redemption Date (Call); 
“Reference Government Bond Dealer” means each of five banks selected by the Issuer (following, 
where practicable, consultation with the Determination Agent, if one is appointed), or their affiliates, 
which are (i) primary government securities dealers, and their respective successors, or (ii) market 
makers in pricing corporate bond issues; 
“Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations” means, with respect to each Reference 
Government Bond Dealer and any Reference Date, the arithmetic average, as determined by the 
Determination Agent, of the bid and offered prices for the Reference Bond (expressed in each case as 
a percentage of its principal amount): (a) which appear on the Relevant Make Whole Screen Page as 
at the Quotation Time on the Reference Date; or (b) to the extent that in the case of (a) above either 
such bid and offered prices do not appear on that page, fewer than two such bid and offered prices 
appear on that page, or if the Relevant Make Whole Screen Page is unavailable, then as quoted in 
writing to the Determination Agent by such Reference Government Bond Dealer; 
“Reference Price” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Reference Rate” means EURIBOR as specified in the relevant Final Terms in respect of the currency 
and period specified in the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 54 ---
- 54 -
 
 
“Regular Period” means: 
(a) 
in the case of Notes where interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, 
each period from and including the Interest Commencement Date to but excluding the first 
Interest Payment Date and each successive period from and including one Interest Payment 
Date to but excluding the next Interest Payment Date; 
(b) 
in the case of Notes where, apart from the first Interest Period, interest is scheduled to be paid 
only by means of regular payments, each period from and including a Regular Date falling in 
any year to but excluding the next Regular Date, where “Regular Date” means the day and 
month (but not the year) on which any Interest Payment Date falls; and 
(c) 
in the case of Notes where, apart from one Interest Period other than the first Interest Period, 
interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, each period from and 
including a Regular Date falling in any year to but excluding the next Regular Date, where 
“Regular Date” means the day and month (but not the year) on which any Interest Payment 
Date falls other than the Interest Payment Date falling at the end of the irregular Interest Period. 
“Relevant Date” means, in relation to any payment, whichever is the later of (a) the date on which the 
payment in question first becomes due and (b) if the full amount payable has not been received in the 
Principal Financial Centre of the currency of payment by the Fiscal Agent on or prior to such due date, 
the date on which (the full amount having been so received) notice to that effect has been given to the 
Noteholders; 
“Relevant Indebtedness” means any Indebtedness which is in the form of or represented by any bond, 
note, debenture, debenture stock, loan stock, certificate or other instrument which is, or is capable of 
being (with the consent of the issuer thereof), listed, quoted or traded on any stock exchange or in any 
securities market (including, without limitation, any over-the-counter market); 
“Relevant Make Whole Screen Page” means the page, section or other part of a particular 
information service (or any successor or replacement page, section or other part of a particular 
information service, including, without limitation, Bloomberg) specified as the Relevant Make Whole 
Screen Page in the relevant Final Terms, or such other page, section or other part as may replace it on 
that information service or such other information service, in each case, as may be nominated by the 
Determination Agent for the purpose of displaying comparable relevant bid and offered prices for the 
Reference Bond; 
“Relevant Screen Page” means the page, section or other part of a particular information service 
(including, without limitation, Reuters) specified as the Relevant Screen Page in the relevant Final 
Terms, or such other page, section or other part as may replace it on that information service or such 
other information service, in each case, as may be nominated by the Person providing or sponsoring 
the information appearing there for the purpose of displaying rates or prices comparable to the 
Reference Rate; 
“Relevant Time” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Remaining Term” means the term to maturity or, if a Par Redemption Date is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, to such Par Redemption Date;  
“Reserved Matter” means any proposal to change any date fixed for payment of principal or interest 
in respect of the Notes, to reduce the amount of principal or interest payable on any date in respect of 
the Notes, to alter the method of calculating the amount of any payment in respect of the Notes or the 
date for any such payment, to change the currency of any payment under the Notes or to change the 
quorum requirements relating to meetings or the majority required to pass an Extraordinary Resolution; 
“Residual Maturity Redemption Amount” means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount; 
“S&P” means S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited or any successor to the rating agency business 
thereof; 
“Security Interest” means any mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other security interest including, 
without limitation, anything analogous to any of the foregoing under the laws of any jurisdiction;

--- Page 55 ---
- 55 -
 
 
“Spanish Recast Insolvency Law” means the recast Spanish Insolvency Law approved by Royal 
Legislative Decree 1/2020, of 5 May (as amended from time to time); 
“Specified Currency” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Specified Denomination(s)” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Specified Office” has the meaning given in the Agency Agreement; 
“Specified Period” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Subsidiary” means, in relation to any Person (the “first Person”) at any particular time, any other 
Person (the “second Person”): 
(a) 
whose affairs and policies the first Person controls or has the power to control, whether by 
ownership of share capital, contract, the power to appoint or remove the majority of the 
members of the governing body of the second Person or otherwise; or 
(b) 
whose financial statements are, in accordance with applicable law and generally accepted 
accounting principles, consolidated with those of the first Person; 
“Substantial Purchase Event Redemption Amount” means, in respect of any Note, its principal 
amount; 
“Talon” means a talon for further Coupons; 
“T2” means the real time gross settlement system operated by the Eurosystem or any successor system; 
“TARGET Settlement Day” means any day on which T2 is open for the settlement of payments in 
euro; 
“Treaty” means the Treaty establishing the European Communities, as amended; 
“Voting Rights” means the right generally to vote at a general meeting of shareholders of the Issuer 
(irrespective of whether or not, at the time, stock of any other class or classes shall have, or might 
have, voting power by reason of the happening of any contingency); and 
“Zero Coupon Note” means a Note specified as such in the relevant Final Terms.  
(b) 
Interpretation: In these Conditions: 
(i) 
if the Notes are Zero Coupon Notes, references to Coupons and Couponholders are not 
applicable; 
(ii) 
if Talons are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being attached to the Notes at the time 
of issue, references to Coupons shall be deemed to include references to Talons; 
(iii) 
if Talons are not specified in the relevant Final Terms as being attached to the Notes at the 
time of issue, references to Talons are not applicable; 
(iv) 
any reference to principal shall be deemed to include the Redemption Amount, any additional 
amounts in respect of principal which may be payable under Condition 11 (Taxation), any 
premium payable in respect of a Note and any other amount in the nature of principal payable 
pursuant to these Conditions; 
(v) 
any reference to interest shall be deemed to include any additional amounts in respect of 
interest which may be payable under Condition 11 (Taxation) and any other amount in the 
nature of interest payable pursuant to these Conditions; 
(vi) 
references to Notes being “outstanding” shall be construed in accordance with the Agency 
Agreement;

--- Page 56 ---
- 56 -
 
 
(vii) 
if an expression is stated in Condition 2(a) (Definitions) to have the meaning given in the 
relevant Final Terms, but the relevant Final Terms gives no such meaning or specifies that 
such expression is “not applicable” then such expression is not applicable to the Notes; and 
(viii) 
any reference to the Agency Agreement or the Deed of Guarantee shall be construed as a 
reference to the Agency Agreement or the Deed of Guarantee, as the case may be, as amended 
and/or supplemented up to and including the Issue Date of the Notes. 
3. 
Form, Denomination and Title 
The Notes are in bearer form in the Specified Denomination(s) with Coupons and, if specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, Talons and/or Receipts attached at the time of issue. In the case of a Series of 
Notes with more than one Specified Denomination, Notes of one Specified Denomination will not be 
exchangeable for Notes of another Specified Denomination. Title to the Notes and the Coupons will 
pass by delivery. The holder of any Note or Coupon shall (except as otherwise required by law) be 
treated as its absolute owner for all purposes (whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any notice 
of ownership, trust or any other interest therein, any writing thereon or any notice of any previous loss 
or theft thereof) and no Person shall be liable for so treating such holder. No person shall have any 
right to enforce any term or condition of any Note under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 
1999. 
4. 
Status and Guarantee 
(a) 
Status of the Notes: The payment obligations of the Issuer pursuant to the Notes constitute direct, 
unconditional, unsubordinated and (subject to the provisions of Condition 5 (Negative Pledge)) 
unsecured obligations of the Issuer and in the event of insolvency (concurso) of the Issuer (and unless 
they qualify as subordinated claims (créditos subordinados) under Article 281.1 of the Spanish Recast 
Insolvency Law or equivalent legal provision which replaces it in the future and subject to any legal 
and statutory exceptions) will rank pari passu and without any preference among themselves and pari 
passu with all other outstanding unsecured and unsubordinated monetary claims of the Issuer, present 
and future. 
In the event of insolvency (concurso) of the Issuer, under the Spanish Recast Insolvency Law, claims 
relating to the Notes (which are not subordinated pursuant to article 281.1 of the Spanish Recast 
Insolvency Law) will be ordinary credits (créditos ordinarios) as defined in the Spanish Recast 
Insolvency Law. Ordinary credits rank below credits against the insolvency estate (créditos contra la 
masa) and credits with special privilege (créditos con privilegio especial) or general privilege 
(créditos con privilegio general). Ordinary credits rank above subordinated credits (créditos 
subordinados) and the rights of shareholders. 
Interest on the Notes accrued but unpaid as at the commencement of any insolvency proceeding 
(concurso) relating to the Issuer under Spanish law shall thereupon constitute subordinated 
obligations of the Issuer ranking below its unsecured and unsubordinated obligations. Under Spanish 
law, accrual of interest (other than any interest accruing under secured liabilities up to an amount 
equal to the lower of (a) the secured amount and (b) the value of the asset subject to the security) shall 
be suspended from the date of any declaration of insolvency. 
(b) 
Guarantee of the Notes: The Guarantor has in the Deed of Guarantee unconditionally and irrevocably 
guaranteed the due and punctual payment of all sums from time to time payable by the Issuer in respect 
of the Notes. 
(c) 
Status of the Guarantee: The obligations of the Guarantor under the Deed of Guarantee constitute 
direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and (subject to the provisions of Condition 5 (Negative Pledge)) 
unsecured obligations of the Guarantor. In the event of insolvency (concurso) of the Guarantor:  
(i) 
if (and until) the claim of the Noteholders against the Guarantor under the Deed of Guarantee 
is payable and enforceable and the Noteholders serve a demand of payment or enforce the 
guarantee claim, such claim may be classified as a contingent claim (crédito contingente) and 
the related rights of the Noteholders would be suspended until the claim ceases to be a 
contingent claim; and

--- Page 57 ---
- 57 -
 
 
(ii) 
upon the claims of the Noteholders against the Guarantor under the Deed of Guarantee ceasing 
to be a contingent claim (crédito contingente), they will rank pari passu and without any 
preference among themselves and pari passu with all other outstanding unsecured and 
unsubordinated monetary claims of the Guarantor, present and future (unless they qualify as 
subordinated claims (créditos subordinados) under Article 281.1 of the Spanish Recast 
Insolvency Law or equivalent legal provision which replaces it in the future and subject to 
any legal and statutory exceptions). 
In the event of insolvency (concurso) of the Guarantor, under the Spanish Recast Insolvency Law, 
claims relating to the Guarantee (which are not subordinated pursuant to article 281.1 of the Spanish 
Recast Insolvency Law) will be ordinary credits (créditos ordinarios) as defined in the Spanish Recast 
Insolvency Law. Ordinary credits rank below credits against the insolvency estate (créditos contra la 
masa) and credits with special privilege (créditos con privilegio especial) or general privilege 
(créditos con privilegio general). Ordinary credits rank above subordinated credits (créditos 
subordinados) and the rights of shareholders. 
5. 
Negative Pledge 
So long as any Note remains outstanding, neither the Issuer nor the Guarantor shall, and the Issuer and 
the Guarantor shall procure that none of their respective Material Subsidiaries will, create or permit to 
subsist any Security Interest (other than a Permitted Security Interest) upon the whole or any part of its 
present or future undertaking, assets or revenues (including uncalled capital) to secure any Relevant 
Indebtedness or Guarantee of Relevant Indebtedness without (a) at the same time or prior thereto 
securing the Notes equally and rateably therewith or (b) providing such other security for the Notes as 
may be approved by an Extraordinary Resolution of Noteholders. 
“Permitted Security Interest” means, in relation to the Guarantor or any of its Subsidiaries: 
(a) 
any Security Interest arising by operation of law and in the ordinary course of business of the Guarantor 
or any of its Subsidiaries which does not (either alone or together with any one or more other such 
Security Interests) materially impair the operation of such business and which has not been enforced 
against the assets to which it attaches; 
(b) 
any Security Interest to secure Project Finance Debt; 
(c) 
any Security Interest to secure payment obligations in relation to hedging transactions; 
(d) 
any Security Interest created in respect of Relevant Indebtedness of an entity that has merged with, or 
has been acquired (whether in whole or in part) by, the Guarantor or any of its Subsidiaries, provided 
that such Security Interest: 
(i) 
was in existence at the time of such merger or acquisition; 
(ii) 
was not created for the purpose of providing security in respect of the financing of such 
merger or acquisition; and 
(iii) 
is not increased in amount or otherwise extended following such merger or acquisition other 
than pursuant to a legal or contractual obligation (x) which was assumed (by operation of 
law, agreement or otherwise) prior to such merger or acquisition by an entity which, at such 
time, was not a Subsidiary of the Guarantor, and (y) which remains legally binding on such 
entity at the time of such merger or acquisition; 
“Project Finance Assets” means the assets (including, for the avoidance of doubt, shares (or other 
interests)) of a Project Finance Entity; 
“Project Finance Entity” means any entity in which the Guarantor or any of its Subsidiaries holds an 
interest whose only assets and business are constituted by: (i) the ownership, creation, development, 
construction, improvement, exploitation or operation of one or more of such entity’s assets, or (ii) 
shares (or other interests) in the capital of other entities that satisfy limb (i) of this definition; and 
“Project Finance Debt” means any Relevant Indebtedness: (i) incurred by a Project Finance Entity in 
respect of the activities of such entity or another Project Finance Entity in which it holds shares (or

--- Page 58 ---
- 58 -
 
 
other interests); or (ii) any Subsidiary formed exclusively for the purpose of financing a Project Finance 
Entity, where, in each case, the holders of such Relevant Indebtedness have no recourse against the 
Guarantor or any of its Subsidiaries (or its or their respective assets), except for recourse to (y) the 
Project Finance Assets of such Project Finance Entities; and (z) in the case of (ii) above only, the 
Subsidiary incurring such Relevant Indebtedness. 
6. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
(a) 
Application: This Condition 6 (Fixed Rate Note Provisions) is applicable to the Notes only if the Fixed 
Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(b) 
Accrual of interest: The Notes bear interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date at 
the Rate of Interest payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date, subject as provided in Condition 
10 (Payments). Each Note will cease to bear interest from the due date for final redemption unless, 
upon due presentation, payment of the Redemption Amount is improperly withheld or refused, in 
which case it will continue to bear interest in accordance with this Condition 6 (both before and after 
judgment) until whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on which all sums due in respect of such Note 
up to that day are received by or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder and (ii) the day which is seven 
days after the Fiscal Agent has notified the Noteholders that it has received all sums due in respect of 
the Notes up to such seventh day (except to the extent that there is any subsequent default in payment). 
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount: The amount of interest payable in respect of each Note for any Interest Period 
shall be the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount and, if the Notes are in more than one Specified 
Denomination, shall be the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount in respect of the relevant Specified 
Denomination. 
(d) 
Notes accruing interest otherwise than a Fixed Coupon Amount: This Condition 6(d) shall apply to 
Notes which are Fixed Rate Notes only where the Final Terms for such Notes specify that the Interest 
Payment Dates are subject to adjustment in accordance with the Business Day Convention specified 
therein. The amount of interest payable in respect of each Note for any Interest Period for such Notes 
shall be calculated by the Issuer by multiplying the product of the Rate of Interest for such Interest 
Period and the Calculation Amount by the relevant Day Count Fraction and rounding the resulting 
figure to the nearest sub-unit of the Specified Currency (half a sub-unit being rounded upwards) and 
multiplying such rounded figure by a fraction equal to the Specified Denomination of the relevant 
Note divided by the Calculation Amount. The Calculation Agent shall cause the relevant amount of 
interest and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to the Issuer, the Paying Agents and the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 18 (Notices) and, if the Notes are listed on a stock exchange 
and the rules of such exchange so requires, such exchange as soon as possible after their determination 
or calculation but in no event later than the fourth Business day thereafter or, if earlier in the case of 
notification to the stock exchange, the time required by the rules of the relevant stock exchange. To 
the extent that the Calculation Agent is unable to notify the relevant stock exchange on which the 
relevant Notes are for the time being listed, the Calculation Agent will immediately notify the Issuer 
and, upon receipt of such notice from the Calculation Agent, the Issuer shall procure that such amount 
of interest and Interest Payment Date is notified to the relevant stock exchange. 
(e) 
Calculation of Interest Amount: The amount of interest payable in respect of each Note for any period 
for which a Fixed Coupon Amount is not specified shall be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest 
to the Calculation Amount, multiplying the product by the relevant Day Count Fraction, rounding the 
resulting figure to the nearest sub-unit of the Specified Currency (half a sub-unit being rounded 
upwards) and multiplying such rounded figure by a fraction equal to the Specified Denomination of 
such Note divided by the Calculation Amount. 
For the purposes of this Condition 6 (Fixed Rate Note Provisions), a “sub-unit” means, in the case of 
any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that is available as legal tender in 
the country of such currency and, in the case of euro, means one cent. 
7. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
(a) 
Application: This Condition 7 (Floating Rate Note Provisions) is applicable to the Notes only if the 
Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable.

--- Page 59 ---
- 59 -
 
 
(b) 
Accrual of interest: The Notes bear interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date at 
the Rate of Interest payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date, subject as provided in Condition 
10 (Payments). Each Note will cease to bear interest from the due date for final redemption unless, 
upon due presentation, payment of the Redemption Amount is improperly withheld or refused, in 
which case it will continue to bear interest in accordance with this Condition (both before and after 
judgment) until whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on which all sums due in respect of such Note 
up to that day are received by or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder and (ii) the day which is seven 
days after the Fiscal Agent has notified the Noteholders that it has received all sums due in respect of 
the Notes up to such seventh day (except to the extent that there is any subsequent default in payment). 
(c) 
Screen Rate Determination: If Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
the manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, the Rate of Interest applicable to 
the Notes for each Interest Period will be determined by the Calculation Agent on the following basis: 
(i) 
if the Reference Rate is a composite quotation or customarily supplied by one entity, the 
Calculation Agent will determine the Reference Rate which appears on the Relevant Screen 
Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date; 
(ii) 
if Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated by the 
Calculation Agent by straight-line linear interpolation by reference to two rates which appear 
on the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest Determination 
Date, where: 
(A) 
one rate shall be determined as if the relevant Interest Period were the period of time 
for which rates are available next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest 
Period; and 
(B) 
the other rate shall be determined as if the relevant Interest Period were the period of 
time for which rates are available next longer than the length of the relevant Interest 
Period; 
provided, however, that if no rate is available for a period of time next shorter or, as the case 
may be, next longer than the length of the relevant Interest Period, then the Calculation Agent 
shall calculate the Rate of Interest at such time and by reference to such sources as the Issuer, 
in consultation with an Independent Adviser appointed by the Issuer (and such Independent 
Adviser to act in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) determines appropriate; 
(iii) 
in any other case, the Calculation Agent will determine the arithmetic mean of the Reference 
Rates which appear on the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant 
Interest Determination Date; 
(iv) 
and the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be the sum of the Margin and the rate or 
(as the case may be) the arithmetic mean so determined; provided, however, that if the 
Calculation Agent is unable to determine a rate or (as the case may be) an arithmetic mean in 
accordance with the above provisions in relation to any Interest Period, the Rate of Interest 
applicable to the Notes during such Interest Period will be the sum of the Margin and the rate 
or (as the case may be) the arithmetic mean last determined in relation to the Notes in respect 
of a preceding Interest Period. 
(d) 
ISDA Determination: If ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes for 
each Interest Period will be the sum of the Margin and the relevant ISDA Rate where “ISDA Rate” in 
relation to any Interest Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined by the 
Calculation Agent under an interest rate swap transaction if the Calculation Agent were acting as 
Calculation Agent for that interest rate swap transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating 
the ISDA Definitions (provided that in any circumstances where under the ISDA Definitions the 
Calculation Agent would be required to exercise any discretion, including the selection of any 
reference banks and seeking quotations from reference banks, when calculating the relevant ISDA 
Rate, the relevant determination(s) which require the Calculation Agent to exercise its discretion shall 
instead be made by the Issuer or its designee) and under which:

--- Page 60 ---
- 60 -
 
 
(i) 
if the Final Terms specify either “2006 ISDA Definitions” or “2021 ISDA Definitions” as the 
applicable ISDA Definitions: 
(A) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(B) 
the Designated Maturity, if applicable, is a period specified in the relevant Final 
Terms; and 
(C) 
the relevant Reset Date, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, has 
the meaning given to it in the ISDA Definitions; 
(D) 
if Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be 
calculated by the Calculation Agent by straight-line linear interpolation by reference 
to two rates based on the relevant Floating Rate Option, where: 
(1) 
one rate shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period 
of time for which rates are available next shorter than the length of the 
relevant Interest Period; and 
(2) 
the other rate shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the 
period of time for which rates are available next longer than the length of the 
relevant Interest Period 
provided, however, that if there is no rate available for a period of time next shorter than the 
length of the relevant Interest Period or, as the case may be, next longer than the length of the 
relevant Interest Period, then the Calculation Agent shall calculate the Rate of Interest at such 
time and by reference to such sources as the Issuer, in consultation with an Independent 
Adviser appointed by the Issuer (and such Independent Adviser to act in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner), determines appropriate; 
(e) 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest: If any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest 
is specified in the relevant Final Terms, then the Rate of Interest shall in no event be greater than the 
maximum or be less than the minimum so specified. 
(f) 
Calculation of Interest Amount: The Calculation Agent will, as soon as practicable after the time at 
which the Rate of Interest is to be determined in relation to each Interest Period, calculate the Interest 
Amount payable in respect of each Note for such Interest Period. The Interest Amount will be 
calculated by applying the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period to the Calculation Amount, 
multiplying the product by the relevant Day Count Fraction, rounding the resulting figure to the nearest 
sub-unit of the Specified Currency (half a sub-unit being rounded upwards) and multiplying such 
rounded figure by a fraction equal to the Specified Denomination of the relevant Note divided by the 
Calculation Amount.  For this purpose a “sub-unit” means, in the case of any currency other than euro, 
the lowest amount of such currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency 
and, in the case of euro, means one cent. 
(g) 
Publication: The Calculation Agent will in consultation with the Issuer cause each Rate of Interest and 
Interest Amount determined by it, together with the relevant Interest Payment Date, and any other 
amount(s) required to be determined by it together with any relevant payment date(s) to be notified to  
the Paying Agents and each competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system (if any) by 
which the Notes have then been admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation as soon as reasonably 
practicable after such determination. To the extent that the Calculation Agent is unable to notify the 
relevant stock exchange on which the relevant Notes are for the time being listed, the Calculation 
Agent will immediately notify the Issuer and, upon receipt of such notice from the Calculation Agent, 
the Issuer shall procure that such amount and payment date is notified to the relevant stock exchange. 
Notice thereof shall also promptly be given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 18 
(Notices). The Calculation Agent will be entitled to recalculate any Interest Amount (on the basis of 
the foregoing provisions) without notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the relevant 
Interest Period. If the Calculation Amount is less than the minimum Specified Denomination the 
Calculation Agent shall not be obliged to publish each Interest Amount but instead may publish only

--- Page 61 ---
- 61 -
 
 
the Calculation Amount and the Interest Amount in respect of a Note having the minimum Specified 
Denomination.  
(h) 
Notifications etc: All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, quotations and 
decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this Condition by the Calculation 
Agent will (in the absence of manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Paying Agents, 
the Noteholders and the Couponholders and (subject as aforesaid) no liability to any such Person will 
attach to the Calculation Agent in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, 
duties and discretions for such purposes.  
(i) 
Benchmark Replacement: Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Condition 7 (Floating Rate 
Note Provisions), if the Issuer and/or the Guarantor (in consultation, to the extent practicable, with the 
Calculation Agent) determines that a Benchmark Event (as defined below) occurs in relation to an 
Original Reference Rate when any Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) remains 
to be determined by reference to such Original Reference Rate, then the following provisions shall 
apply:  
(i) 
the Issuer and/or the Guarantor shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint, as soon as 
reasonably practicable, an Independent Adviser (as defined below) to determine, no later than 
10 days prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date relating to the next succeeding 
Interest Period following the occurrence of a Benchmark Event (the “IA Determination Cut-
off Date”), a Successor Rate (as defined below) or, alternatively, if there is no Successor Rate, 
an Alternative Reference Rate (as defined below) and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread 
(as defined below) and any Benchmark Amendments (as defined below) for purposes of 
determining the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) applicable to the 
Notes;  
(ii) 
if a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) and, in 
each case, an Adjustment Spread, is determined in accordance with the preceding provisions, 
such Successor Rate or, failing which, such Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) and, 
in each case, any such Adjustment Spread shall be the Reference Rate for each of the future 
Interest Periods (subject to the subsequent operation of, and to adjustment as provided in, this 
Condition 7(i) (Floating Rate Note Provisions—Benchmark Replacement));  
(iii) 
if the Independent Adviser, following consultation with the Issuer and the Guarantor, 
determines a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable), 
and in each case, an Adjustment Spread, in accordance with the above provisions, the 
Independent Adviser, following consultation with the Issuer and the Guarantor, may also 
specify changes to these Conditions, including but not limited to the Day Count Fraction, 
Relevant Screen Page, Business Day Convention, Business Day, Interest Determination Date, 
and/or the definition of Reference Rate applicable to the Notes, and the method for 
determining the fallback rate in relation to the Notes, in order to follow market practice in 
relation to such Successor Rate or such Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) or any 
Adjustment Spread;  
(iv) 
if a Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate is determined in accordance with this 
Condition 7(i) (Floating Rate Note Provisions—Benchmark Replacement) and the 
Independent Adviser (in consultation with the Issuer and the Guarantor) determines the 
quantum or a formula or methodology for determining the applicable Adjustment Spread, then 
such Adjustment Spread shall apply to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Reference Rate 
(as applicable), subject to any further operation and adjustment as provided in this this 
Condition 7(i) (Floating Rate Note Provisions—Benchmark Replacement); 
(v) 
for the avoidance of doubt and subject as provided in paragraph (vi) below, the Fiscal Agent 
shall, at the direction and expense of the Issuer and the Guarantor, without the requirement 
for any consent or approval of the Noteholders, be obliged to use reasonable endeavours to 
effect such amendments to the Agency Agreement and these Conditions as may be specified 
by the Independent Adviser following consultation with the Issuer and the Guarantor in order 
to give effect to this Condition 7(i) (Floating Rate Note Provisions—Benchmark Replacement) 
(such amendments, the “Benchmark Amendments”) and the Fiscal Agent shall not be liable 
to any party for any consequences thereof;

--- Page 62 ---
- 62 -
 
 
(vi) 
the Fiscal Agent shall not be required to effect any such Benchmark Amendments if the same 
would impose, in the Fiscal Agent’s opinion, more onerous obligations upon it or expose it to 
any additional duties, responsibilities or liabilities or reduce, or amend its rights and/or the 
protective provisions afforded to it. For the avoidance of doubt, no Noteholder consent or 
approval shall be required in connection with effecting any Benchmark Amendments or such 
other changes, including for the execution of any documents, amendments or other steps by 
the Issuer, the Guarantor or the Fiscal Agent (if required); 
(vii) 
prior to any such Benchmark Amendments taking effect, the Issuer or the Guarantor shall 
provide a certificate signed by two Officers to the Fiscal Agent confirming, in the Issuer’s or 
the Guarantor’s reasonable opinion (following consultation with the Independent Adviser), (i) 
that a Benchmark Event has occurred, (ii) the Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate 
(as applicable) and, in each case, any Adjustment Spread, (iii) where applicable, the terms of 
any Benchmark Amendments determined in accordance with this Condition 7(i) (Floating 
Rate Note Provisions—Benchmark Replacement) and (iv) certifying that such Benchmark 
Amendments are necessary to give effect to any application of this Condition 7(i) (Floating 
Rate Note Provisions—Benchmark Replacement) and the Fiscal Agent shall be entitled to rely 
on such certificate without further enquiry or liability to any person. For the avoidance of 
doubt, the Fiscal Agent shall not be liable to the Noteholders or any other person for so acting 
or relying on such certificate, irrespective of whether any such modification is or may be 
materially prejudicial to the interests of any such person. The Successor Rate or Alternative 
Reference Rate (as applicable) and, in each case, the relevant Adjustment Spread and, where 
applicable, any Benchmark Amendments, without prejudice to the Fiscal Agent’s ability to 
rely on such certificate (as aforesaid), will be binding on the Issuer, the Guarantor, Calculation 
Agent, the Paying Agents, the Noteholders and the Couponholders; 
(viii) 
the Issuer or the Guarantor shall promptly, following the determination of any Successor Rate 
or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) and, in each case, the relevant Adjustment 
Spread, as well as the specific terms of any Benchmark Amendments, give notice thereof to 
the Fiscal Agent, Calculation Agent and, in accordance with Condition 18 (Notices), the 
Noteholders; and  
(ix) 
if (i) a Successor Rate or an Alternative Reference Rate is not determined by an Independent 
Adviser in accordance with the above provisions prior to the relevant IA Determination Cut-
off Date or (ii) the Issuer or the Guarantor is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser in 
accordance with Condition 7(i)(i), then the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part 
thereof) for the next Interest Period shall be equal to the Rate of Interest last determined in 
relation to the Notes in respect of the preceding Interest Period by reference to the provisions 
of Condition 7(c) or this Condition 7(i) (Floating Rate Note Provisions—Benchmark 
Replacement), as applicable (or alternatively, if there has not been a First Interest Payment 
Date, the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component thereof) for the first Interest Period shall 
be equal to the Rate of Interest determined by reference to the provisions of Condition 7(c)) 
(subject, where applicable, to substituting the Margin that applied to such preceding Interest 
Period for the Margin that is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period); for the avoidance 
of doubt, the proviso in this sub-paragraph (vii) shall apply to the relevant Interest Period only 
and any subsequent Interest Periods are subject to the subsequent operation of and to 
adjustment as provided in, this Condition 7(i) (Floating Rate Note Provisions—Benchmark 
Replacement).  
For the purposes of this Condition 7(i) (Floating Rate Note Provisions—Benchmark Replacement):  
“Adjustment Spread” means a spread (which may be positive, negative or zero) or formula or 
methodology for calculating a spread, which the relevant Independent Adviser (in consultation with 
the Issuer and the Guarantor) determines is required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) and is the spread, formula or methodology which:  
(i) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the replacement of the 
Original Reference Rate with such Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body (as 
defined below); or

--- Page 63 ---
- 63 -
 
 
(ii) 
in the case of a Successor Rate for which no such recommendation has been made or in the 
case of an Alternative Reference Rate, the Independent Adviser (in consultation with the 
Issuer and the Guarantor) determines is recognised or acknowledged as being in customary 
market usage in international debt capital markets transactions which reference the Original 
Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by such Successor Rate or such Alternative 
Reference Rate (as applicable); or  
(iii) 
in the case of a Successor Rate for which no such recommendation has been made or in the 
case of an Alternative Reference Rate and where, in each case, the Independent Adviser (in 
consultation with the Issuer and the Guarantor) determines that there is no such recognised or 
acknowledged spread, formula or methodology as referred to in (ii), the Independent Adviser 
(in consultation with the Issuer and the Guarantor) determines is recognised or acknowledged 
as being the industry standard for over-the-counter derivative transactions which reference 
the Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable).  
“Alternative Reference Rate” means the rate that the Independent Adviser (in consultation with the 
Issuer and the Guarantor) determines has replaced the relevant Original Reference Rate in customary 
market usage in the international debt capital markets for the purposes of determining rates of interest 
(or the relevant component thereof) in respect of bonds denominated in the Specified Currency and 
with an interest period of a comparable duration to the relevant Interest Period, or, if the Independent 
Adviser (in consultation with the Issuer and the Guarantor) determines that there is no such rate, such 
other rate as the Independent Adviser (in consultation with the Issuer and the Guarantor) determines 
in its sole discretion is most comparable to the relevant Original Reference Rate;  
“Benchmark Event” means: 
(i) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for a period of at least five (5) Business 
Days or ceasing to exist; or 
(ii) 
a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that it has ceased or 
will cease publishing the Original Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely or that it will 
cease to do so by a specified future date (the “Specified Future Date”) (in circumstances 
where no successor administrator has been appointed that will continue publication of the 
Original Reference Rate); or 
(iii) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that 
the Original Reference Rate has been or will, by a Specified Future Date, be permanently or 
indefinitely discontinued; or 
(iv) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that 
means the Original Reference Rate will, by a Specified Future Date, be prohibited from being 
used, either generally or in respect of the Notes, or that its use will be subject to restrictions; 
or 
(v) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that, 
in the view of such supervisor, such Original Reference Rate is or will be (or is or will be 
deemed by such supervisor to be) no longer representative of its relevant underlying market; 
or 
(vi) 
it has or will become unlawful for any Paying Agent, Calculation Agent, the Issuer or any 
other party to calculate any payments due to be made to any Noteholder using the Original 
Reference Rate (as applicable) (including, without limitation, under the Benchmarks 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, if applicable); 
provided that the Benchmark Event shall be deemed to occur (a) in the case of sub-paragraphs (ii), (iii) 
and (iv) above, on the Specified Future Date, (b) in the case of sub-paragraph (v) above, on the date 
with effect from which the Original Reference Rate will no longer be (or will be deemed by the relevant 
supervisor to no longer be) representative of its relevant underlying market and which is specified in 
the relevant public statement, and (c) in the case of sub-paragraph (vi), on the date the use of the 
Original Reference Rate to calculate payments under the Notes will become unlawful;

--- Page 64 ---
- 64 -
 
 
“Independent Adviser” means an independent financial institution or other independent financial 
adviser, in each case, of recognised standing with experience in the international debt capital markets, 
in each case appointed by the Issuer or the Guarantor at its own expense; 
“Original Reference Rate” means the originally-specified Reference Rate or screen rate (as 
applicable) used to determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) on the Notes 
or any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (or, in each case any component thereof), as applicable; 
“Relevant Nominating Body” means, in respect of a reference rate:  
(i) 
the central bank for the currency to which the Original Reference Rate relates, or any central 
bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of 
the reference rate; or  
(ii) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted at the 
request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which the Original Reference Rate relates, 
(b) any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the 
administrator of the Original Reference Rate, (c) a group of the aforementioned central banks 
or other supervisory authorities, or (d) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof; and  
“Successor Rate” means the rate that the Independent Adviser (in consultation with the Issuer) 
determines is a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate which is formally 
recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
8. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions  
(a) 
Application: This Condition 8 (Zero Coupon Note Provisions) is applicable to the Notes only if the 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable.  
(b) 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes: If the Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Zero 
Coupon Note is improperly withheld or refused, the Redemption Amount shall thereafter be an amount 
equal to the sum of: 
(i) 
the Reference Price; and 
(ii) 
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the Reference Price 
on the basis of the relevant Day Count Fraction from (and including) the Issue Date to (but 
excluding) whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on which all sums due in respect of such 
Note up to that day are received by or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder and (ii) the day 
which is seven days after the Fiscal Agent has notified the Noteholders that it has received all 
sums due in respect of the Notes up to such seventh day (except to the extent that there is any 
subsequent default in payment).  
9. 
Redemption and Purchase 
(a) 
Scheduled redemption: Unless previously redeemed, or purchased and cancelled, and subject as 
provided in Condition 10 (Payments): 
(i) 
if so specified in the Final Terms, each Note that provides for Instalment Dates and Instalment 
Amounts shall be partially redeemed on each Instalment Date at the related Instalment 
Amount specified in the relevant Final Terms. The outstanding nominal amount of each such 
Note shall be reduced by the Instalment Amount (or, if such Instalment Amount is calculated 
by reference to a proportion of the nominal amount of such Note, such proportion) for all 
purposes with effect from the related Instalment Date, unless payment of the Instalment 
Amount is improperly withheld or refused, in which case, such amount shall remain 
outstanding until the Relevant Date relating to such Instalment Amount; and 
(ii) 
if so specified in the Final Terms, each Note shall be finally redeemed on the Maturity Date 
specified in the relevant Final Terms at its Final Redemption Amount or, in the case of a Note 
falling within sub-paragraph (i) above, its final Instalment Amount.

--- Page 65 ---
- 65 -
 
 
(b) 
Redemption for tax reasons: The Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not 
in part: 
(i) 
at any time (unless the Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as being applicable); or 
(ii) 
on any Interest Payment Date (if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as being applicable), 
on giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ notice to the Noteholders, or such other period(s) as 
may be specified in the relevant Final Terms, (which notice shall be irrevocable), at their principal 
amount, together with interest accrued (if any) to the date fixed for redemption, if: 
(A) 
(1) the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or 
referred to in Condition 11 (Taxation) as a result of any change in, or amendment to, 
the laws or regulations of the Kingdom of Spain or any political subdivision or any 
authority thereof or therein having power to tax, or any change in the application or 
official interpretation of such laws or regulations (including a holding by a court of 
competent jurisdiction), which change or amendment becomes effective on or after 
the date of issue of the first Tranche of the Notes and (2) such obligation cannot be 
avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to it; or  
(B) 
(1) the Guarantor has or (if a demand was made under the Guarantee of the Notes) 
would become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in 
Condition 11 (Taxation) as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or 
regulations of the Kingdom of Spain or any political subdivision or any authority 
thereof or therein having power to tax, or any change in the application or official 
interpretation of such laws or regulations (including a holding by a court of competent 
jurisdiction), which change or amendment becomes effective on or after the date of 
issue of the first Tranche of the Notes and (2) such obligation cannot be avoided by 
the Guarantor taking reasonable measures available to it, 
provided, however, that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than: 
(1) 
where the Notes may be redeemed at any time, 90 days (or such other period 
as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms) prior to the earliest date on 
which the Issuer or the Guarantor would be obliged to pay such additional 
amounts if a payment in respect of the Notes were then due or (as the case 
may be) a demand under the Guarantee of the Notes were then made; or 
(2) 
where the Notes may be redeemed only on an Interest Payment Date, 60 days 
(or such other period as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms) prior 
to the Interest Payment Date occurring immediately before the earliest date 
on which the Issuer or the Guarantor would be obliged to pay such additional 
amounts if a payment in respect of the Notes were then due or (as the case 
may be) a demand under the Guarantee of the Notes were then made. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this paragraph, the Issuer shall deliver 
or procure that there is delivered to the Fiscal Agent a certificate signed by two directors of the Issuer 
or a duly authorised representative of the Guarantor stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such 
redemption and setting forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right of 
the Issuer so to redeem have occurred. Upon the expiry of any such notice as is referred to in this 
Condition 9(b), the Issuer shall be bound to redeem the Notes in accordance with this Condition 9(b). 
(c) 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer: If the Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
being applicable, the Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole or, if so specified in 
the relevant Final Terms, in part on any Optional Redemption Date (Call) on the Issuer’s giving not 
less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ notice to the Noteholders, or such other period(s) as may be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall oblige the Issuer to 
redeem the Notes or, as the case may be, the Notes specified in such notice, on the relevant Optional 
Redemption Date (Call) at the applicable amount specified in the relevant Final Terms (together, if

--- Page 66 ---
- 66 -
 
 
appropriate, with accrued interest to (but excluding) the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Call)) at 
one of: 
(i) 
the Optional Redemption Amount (Call); or 
(ii) 
the Make Whole Redemption Price. 
The “Make Whole Redemption Price” will, in respect of Notes to be redeemed, be an 
amount equal to the greater of (i) 100 per cent. of the principal amount of the Notes to be 
redeemed and (ii) the sum of the then present values (as determined by the Determination 
Agent) of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest on the Notes to be 
redeemed (but not including any portion of such payments of interest accrued to the Optional 
Redemption Date (Call), if any) discounted to the Maturity Date or, if applicable, any earlier 
Par Redemption Date, at the sum of: (x) the Reference Bond Rate plus (y) the Redemption 
Margin as determined by the Determination Agent provided however that, in the case of 
either (i) or (ii) above, if a Par Redemption Date is specified in the relevant Final Terms and 
the Optional Redemption Date (Call) occurs on or after the Par Redemption Date, the Make 
Whole Redemption Price will be equal to 100 per cent of the principal amount of the Notes. 
(d) 
Partial redemption: If the Notes are to be redeemed in part only on any date in accordance with 9(c) 
(Redemption at the option of the Issuer), the Notes to be redeemed shall be selected by the drawing of 
lots in such place as the Fiscal Agent approves and in such manner as the Fiscal Agent considers 
appropriate, subject to compliance with applicable law, the rules of each competent authority, stock 
exchange and/or quotation system (if any) by which the Notes have then been admitted to listing, 
trading and/or quotation and the notice to Noteholders referred to in Condition 9(c) (Redemption at 
the option of the Issuer) shall specify the serial numbers of the Notes so to be redeemed. If any 
Maximum Redemption Amount or Minimum Redemption Amount is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, then the Optional Redemption Amount (Call) shall in no event be greater than the maximum 
or be less than the minimum so specified. 
(e) 
Redemption at the option of Noteholders: If the Put Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
being applicable, the Issuer shall, at the option of the holder of any Note, redeem such Note on the 
Optional Redemption Date (Put) specified in the relevant Put Option Notice at the relevant Optional 
Redemption Amount (Put) together with interest (if any) accrued to such date.  In order to exercise the 
option contained in this Condition 9(e), the holder of a Note must, not less than 30 nor more than 60 
days before the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Put) (or such other period(s) as may be specified 
in the relevant final terms), deposit with any Paying Agent such Note together with all unmatured 
Coupons relating thereto and a duly completed Put Option Notice in the form obtainable from any 
Paying Agent. The Paying Agent with which a Note is so deposited shall deliver a duly completed Put 
Option Receipt to the depositing Noteholder. No Note, once deposited with a duly completed Put 
Option Notice in accordance with this Condition 9(e), may be withdrawn; provided, however, that if, 
prior to the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Put), any such Note becomes immediately due and 
payable or, upon due presentation of any such Note on the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Put), 
payment of the redemption moneys is improperly withheld or refused, the relevant Paying Agent shall 
mail notification thereof to the depositing Noteholder at such address as may have been given by such 
Noteholder in the relevant Put Option Notice and shall hold such Note at its Specified Office for 
collection by the depositing Noteholder against surrender of the relevant Put Option Receipt. For so 
long as any outstanding Note is held by a Paying Agent in accordance with this Condition 9(e), the 
depositor of such Note and not such Paying Agent shall be deemed to be the holder of such Note for 
all purposes. 
(f) 
Redemption following a Substantial Purchase Event: If a Substantial Purchase Event is specified in 
the relevant Final Terms as being applicable and a Substantial Purchase Event has occurred, then the 
Issuer may, subject to having given not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ notice (or such other period 
of notice as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms) to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 18 (Notices) redeem or purchase (or procure the purchase of), at its option, the Notes 
comprising the relevant Series in whole, but not in part, in accordance with these Conditions at any 
time, in each case at the Substantial Purchase Event Redemption Amount, together with any accrued 
and unpaid interest up to (but excluding) the date of redemption or purchase.

--- Page 67 ---
- 67 -
 
 
All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed on the date specified in such 
notice in accordance with this Condition. 
A “Substantial Purchase Event” shall be deemed to have occurred at the point in time at which at 
least 80 per cent. of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes of the relevant Series originally issued 
(which for these purposes shall include any further Notes of the same Series issued subsequently) is 
purchased by, or on behalf of, the Issuer, the Guarantor or any Subsidiary of either of them (and in 
each case is cancelled in accordance with Condition 9(l)); 
(g) 
Residual Maturity Call Option: If a Residual Maturity Call Option is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being applicable, the Issuer may, on giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ notice 
(or such other period of notice as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms) to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 18 (Notices) (which notice shall specify the date fixed for redemption (the 
“Residual Maturity Call Option Redemption Date”)), redeem the Notes comprising the relevant 
Series, in whole but not in part, at the Residual Maturity Redemption Amount together with any 
accrued and unpaid interest up to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption, which shall be no 
earlier than three months before the Maturity Date unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed on the date specified in such 
notice in accordance with this Condition. 
(h) 
Change of Control Put Option: If this Condition 9(h) is specified as applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms, if at any time while any Note remains outstanding, there occurs:  
(A) 
a Change of Control (as defined below), and, within the Change of Control Period (as defined 
below), a Rating Event (as defined below) in respect of that Change of Control occurs (such 
Change of Control and Rating Event not having been cured prior to the expiry of the Change 
of Control Period), or  
(B) 
a Change of Control, and, on the occurrence of the Change of Control, the Guarantor is not 
rated by any Rating Agency (as defined below), 
(each, a “Change of Control Put Event”), each Noteholder will have the option (the “Change of 
Control Put Option”) (unless, prior to the giving of the Change of Control Put Event Notice (as 
defined below), the Issuer gives notice to redeem the Notes under Condition 9(b) or 9(c)) to require 
the Issuer to redeem or, at the Issuer’s option, to procure the purchase of, all of such Noteholder’s 
Notes, on the Optional Redemption Date (Change of Control) (as defined below) at the principal 
amount outstanding of such Notes together with (or where purchased, together with an amount equal 
to) interest accrued to, but excluding, the Optional Redemption Date (Change of Control) (the 
“Change of Control (Put) Amount”). 
Where: 
A “Change of Control” shall be deemed to have occurred if at any time any person or persons acting 
in concert (other than, in each case, (1) the Government of Abu Dhabi, (2) The Carlyle Group and/or 
(3) any person or persons acting in concert with the Government of Abu Dhabi or The Carlyle Group) 
acquire(s) control over the Guarantor (directly or indirectly). 
“control over the Guarantor” shall mean the power (whether by way of ownership of shares, proxy, 
contract, agency or otherwise) to: 
(i) 
cast, or control the casting of, more than 50 per cent. of the maximum number of voting rights 
that may be cast at a general meeting of the Guarantor; or 
(ii) 
appoint or remove the majority of the directors or other equivalent officers of the Guarantor. 
A “Rating Event” shall be deemed to have occurred in respect of a Change of Control if (within the 
Change of Control Period):

--- Page 68 ---
- 68 -
 
 
(A)  
the rating(s) assigned to the Notes or to the Guarantor by any Rating Agency solicited by (or 
with the consent of) the Guarantor (a “Rating”) immediately prior to the commencement of 
the Change of Control Period (the “Existing Rating”): 
(x) is withdrawn; or 
(y) where the Existing Rating is at least an Investment Grade Rating, is changed to a Non-
Investment Grade Rating; or 
(z) where the Existing Rating is a Non-Investment Grade Rating, is lowered by at least one 
full rating notch (for example, from BB+ to BB, or their respective equivalents), (each of the 
events described in (z), (x) and (y), a “Relevant Rating Change”) 
by the requisite number of Rating Agencies; and  
(B)  
such Rating is not within the Change of Control Period subsequently upgraded (in the case 
of a downgrade) or reinstated (in the case of a withdrawal) either to an Investment Grade 
Rating (in the case of (y) above) or to its earlier Rating or better (in the case of (x) and (z) 
above), such that there is no longer a Relevant Rating Change by the requisite number of 
Rating Agencies. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, no Rating Event shall have occurred unless the requisite number of 
Rating Agencies making the Relevant Rating Change announce or publicly confirm or, having been 
so requested by the Guarantor, inform the Guarantor in writing that the Relevant Rating Change was 
the result, in whole or in part, of the applicable Change of Control (whether or not the applicable 
Change of Control shall have occurred at the time of the Relevant Rating Change). If on the Relevant 
Announcement Date the Guarantor or the Notes carry a Rating from more than one Rating Agency, at 
least one of which is an Investment Grade Rating, then sub-paragraph (z) above will not apply. 
“Rating Agency” means each of S&P, Moody’s, Fitch Ratings or any other credit rating agency of 
equivalent international standing specified from time to time by the Issuer and, in each case, their 
respective successors or affiliates. 
“requisite number of Rating Agencies” shall mean (i) at least two Rating Agencies, if, at the time of 
the Relevant Rating Change, three or more Rating Agencies have assigned a Rating, or (ii) at least one 
Rating Agency if, at the time of the Relevant Rating Change, fewer than three Rating Agencies have 
assigned a Rating.  
“The Carlyle Group” shall mean (1) Carlyle International Energy Partners I, L.P., (2) Carlyle 
International Energy Partners II, L.P., (3) Carlyle Europe Partners V, L.P., (4) Carlyle Partners VII, 
L.P., and/or (5) one or more investment funds advised, managed or controlled by the foregoing and, 
in each case (whether individually or as a group), any person or persons directly or indirectly controlled 
by or under common control with any of the foregoing. 
“Change of Control Period” means the period beginning on the date (the “Relevant Announcement 
Date”) that is the earlier of (A) the first public announcement by or on behalf the Guarantor or any 
bidder or any designated adviser of the relevant Change of Control; and (B) the date of the earliest 
Potential Change of Control Announcement (as defined below), and ending 120 days after the 
Relevant Announcement Date (such 120th day, the “Initial Longstop Date”); provided that, unless 
any other Rating Agency has on or prior to the Initial Longstop Date effected a Rating Event in respect 
of its rating of the Guarantor or the Notes, if a Rating Agency publicly announces, at any time during 
the period commencing on the date which is 60 days prior to the Initial Longstop Date and ending on 
the Initial Longstop Date, that it has placed its rating of the Guarantor or the Notes under consideration 
for a negative rating review either entirely or partially as a result of the relevant public announcement 
of the Change of Control or the Potential Change of Control Announcement, the Change of Control 
Period shall be extended to the date which falls 60 days after the date of such public announcement 
by such Rating Agency. 
“Potential Change of Control Announcement” means any public announcement or statement by or 
on behalf of the Guarantor, any actual or potential bidder or any designated adviser thereto relating to 
any specific and near-term potential Change of Control (where “near-term” shall mean that such 
potential Change of Control is reasonably likely to occur, or is publicly stated by the Guarantor, any

--- Page 69 ---
- 69 -
 
 
such actual or potential bidder or any such designated adviser to be intended to occur, within 180 days 
of the date of such announcement of statement).  
Promptly upon the Issuer or the Guarantor becoming aware that a Change of Control Put Event has 
occurred, the Issuer or the Guarantor (as the case may be) shall give notice (a “Change of Control 
Put Event Notice”) to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 18 (Notices) specifying the 
nature of the Change of Control Put Event and the circumstances giving rise to it and the procedure 
for exercising the Change of Control Put Option contained in this Condition 9(h). 
To exercise the Change of Control Put Option, a Noteholder must transfer or cause to be transferred 
its Notes to be so redeemed or purchased to the account of the Fiscal Agent specified in the Change of 
Control Put Option Notice (as defined below) for the account of the Issuer within the period (the 
“Change of Control Put Period”) of 45 days after a Change of Control Put Event Notice is given 
together with a duly signed and completed notice of exercise in the then current form obtainable from 
the Fiscal Agent (a “Change of Control Put Option Notice”) and in which the Noteholder may 
specify a bank account to which payment is to be made under this Condition 9(h). 
A Change of Control Put Option Notice once given shall be irrevocable. The Issuer shall redeem or, 
at the option of the Issuer procure the purchase of, the Notes in respect of which the Change of Control 
Put Option has been validly exercised as provided above, and subject to the transfer of such Notes to 
the account of the Fiscal Agent for the account of the Issuer as described above by the date which is 
the fifth Business Day following the end of the Change of Control Put Period (the “Optional 
Redemption Date (Change of Control)”). Payment in respect of such Notes will be made on the 
Optional Redemption Date (Change of Control) by transfer to the bank account specified in the Change 
of Control Put Option Notice. 
For the avoidance of doubt, neither the Issuer nor the Guarantor shall have any responsibility for any 
cost or loss of whatever kind (including breakage costs) which the Noteholder may incur as a result of 
or in connection with such Noteholder’s exercise or purported exercise of, or otherwise in connection 
with, any Change of Control Put Option (whether as a result of any purchase or redemption arising 
therefrom or otherwise). 
(i) 
Early redemption of Zero Coupon Notes: Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, the 
Redemption Amount payable on redemption of a Zero Coupon Note at any time before the Maturity 
Date shall be an amount equal to the sum of: 
(i) 
the Reference Price; and 
(ii) 
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the Reference Price 
from (and including) the Issue Date to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the 
case may be) the date upon which the Note becomes due and payable. 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period which is not a whole number of years, the calculation 
in respect of the period of less than a full year shall be made on the basis of such Day Count Fraction 
as may be specified in the Final Terms for the purposes of this Condition 9(i) or, if none is so specified, 
a Day Count Fraction of 30E/360. 
(j) 
No other redemption: The Issuer shall not be entitled to redeem the Notes otherwise than as provided 
in paragraphs (a) to (i) above. 
(k) 
Purchase: The Issuer, the Guarantor or any of their respective Subsidiaries may at any time purchase 
Notes in the open market or otherwise and at any price and such Notes may be held, resold or, at the 
option of the Issuer, surrendered to any Paying Agent for cancellation, provided that all unmatured 
Coupons and, if applicable, Receipts are purchased therewith. 
(l) 
Cancellation: All Notes redeemed by the Issuer, the Guarantor or any of their respective Subsidiaries 
and any unmatured Coupons and Receipts attached to or surrendered with them shall be cancelled and 
all Notes so cancelled and any Notes cancelled pursuant to Condition (k) (Purchase) above (together 
with all unmatured Coupons and Receipts cancelled with them) may not be reissued or resold.

--- Page 70 ---
- 70 -
 
 
10. 
Payments 
(a) 
Principal: Payments of principal shall be made: 
(i) 
in the case of payments on Instalment Notes other than on the Maturity Date, only against 
presentation of the relevant Receipts together with the corresponding Note, and 
(ii) 
in all other cases, only against presentation and (provided that payment is made in full) 
surrender of Notes at the Specified Office of any Paying Agent outside the United States, 
in each case by cheque drawn in the currency in which the payment is due on, or by transfer to an 
account denominated in that currency (or, if that currency is euro, any other account to which euro 
may be credited or transferred)  and maintained by the payee with, a bank in the Principal Financial 
Centre of that currency. 
(b) 
Interest: Payments of interest shall, subject to paragraph (h) below, be made only against presentation 
and (provided that payment is made in full) surrender of the appropriate Coupons at the Specified 
Office of any Paying Agent outside the United States in the manner described in paragraph (a) above. 
(c) 
Payments in New York City: Payments of principal or interest may be made at the Specified Office of 
a Paying Agent in New York City if (i) the Issuer has appointed Paying Agents outside the United 
States with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents will be able to make payment of the 
full amount of the interest on the Notes in the currency in which the payment is due when due, (ii) 
payment of the full amount of such interest at the offices of all such Paying Agents is illegal or 
effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar restrictions and (iii) payment is permitted 
by applicable United States law. 
(d) 
Payments subject to fiscal laws: All payments in respect of the Notes are subject in all cases to (i) any 
applicable fiscal or other laws and regulations in the place of payment, but without prejudice to the 
provisions of Condition 11 (Taxation) and (ii) any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an 
agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the “Code”) or 
otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements 
thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, or (without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 11 
(Taxation)) any law implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto. No commissions or 
expenses shall be charged to the Noteholders or Couponholders in respect of such payments. 
(e) 
Deductions for unmatured Coupons: If the relevant Final Terms specifies that the Fixed Rate Note 
Provisions are applicable and a Note is presented without all unmatured Coupons relating thereto: 
(i) 
if the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons is less than or equal to the amount of principal 
due for payment, a sum equal to the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons will be 
deducted from the amount of principal due for payment; provided, however, that if the gross 
amount available for payment is less than the amount of principal due for payment, the sum 
deducted will be that proportion of the aggregate amount of such missing Coupons which the 
gross amount actually available for payment bears to the amount of principal due for payment; 
(ii) 
if the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons is greater than the amount of principal due 
for payment: 
(A) 
so many of such missing Coupons shall become void (in inverse order of maturity) 
as will result in the aggregate amount of the remainder of such missing Coupons (the 
“Relevant Coupons”) being equal to the amount of principal due for payment; 
provided, however, that where this sub-paragraph would otherwise require a 
fraction of a missing Coupon to become void, such missing Coupon shall become 
void in its entirety; and 
(B) 
a sum equal to the aggregate amount of the Relevant Coupons (or, if less, the amount 
of principal due for payment) will be deducted from the amount of principal due for 
payment; provided, however, that, if the gross amount available for payment is less 
than the amount of principal due for payment, the sum deducted will be that 
proportion of the aggregate amount of the Relevant Coupons (or, as the case may be,

--- Page 71 ---
- 71 -
 
 
the amount of principal due for payment) which the gross amount actually available 
for payment bears to the amount of principal due for payment. 
Each sum of principal so deducted shall be paid in the manner provided in paragraph (a) above 
against presentation and (provided that payment is made in full) surrender of the relevant 
missing Coupons. 
(f) 
Unmatured Coupons and Receipts void: If the relevant Final Terms specifies that this Condition 10(f) 
is applicable or that the Floating Rate Note Provisions are applicable, on the due date for final 
redemption of any Note or early redemption in whole of such Note pursuant to Condition 9(b) 
(Redemption for tax reasons), Condition 9(c) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer), Condition 9(e) 
(Redemption at the option of Noteholders), Conditions 9(f) (Redemption following a Substantial 
Purchase Event), Condition 9(g) (Residual Maturity Call Option), Condition 9(h) (Change of Control 
Put Option) or Condition 12 (Events of Default), all unmatured Coupons relating thereto (whether or 
not still attached) shall become void and no payment will be made in respect thereof. Upon the due 
date for redemption of any Note that is redeemable in instalments, all Receipts relating to such Note 
having an Instalment Date falling on or after such due date (whether or not attached) shall become 
void and no payment shall be made in respect of them. 
(g) 
Payments on business days: If the due date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note or 
Coupon is not a Payment Business Day in the place of presentation, the holder shall not be entitled to 
payment in such place of the amount due until the next succeeding Payment Business Day in such 
place and shall not be entitled to any further interest or other payment in respect of any such delay. 
(h) 
Payments other than in respect of matured Coupons: Payments of interest other than in respect of 
matured Coupons shall be made only against presentation of the relevant Notes at the Specified Office 
of any Paying Agent outside the United States (or in New York City if permitted by paragraph (c) 
above). 
(i) 
Partial payments:  If a Paying Agent makes a partial payment in respect of any Note or Coupon 
presented to it for payment, such Paying Agent will endorse thereon a statement indicating the amount 
and date of such payment. 
(j) 
Exchange of Talons:  On or after the maturity date of the final Coupon which is (or was at the time of 
issue) part of a Coupon Sheet relating to the Notes, the Talon forming part of such Coupon Sheet may 
be exchanged at the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent for a further Coupon Sheet (including, if 
appropriate, a further Talon but excluding any Coupons in respect of which claims have already 
become void pursuant to Condition 13 (Prescription). Upon the due date for redemption of any Note, 
any unexchanged Talon relating to such Note shall become void and no Coupon will be delivered in 
respect of such Talon. 
11. 
Taxation 
(a) 
Gross up: All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes and the Coupons by or on 
behalf of the Issuer or the Guarantor shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or 
deduction for or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental 
charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or on behalf of the 
Kingdom of Spain or any political subdivision therein or any authority therein or thereof having power 
to tax, unless the withholding or deduction of such taxes, duties, assessments, or governmental charges 
is required by law.  In that event, the Issuer or the Guarantor (as the case may be) shall pay such 
additional amounts as will result in receipt by the Noteholders and the Couponholders after such 
withholding or deduction of such amounts as would have been received by them had no such 
withholding or deduction been required, except that no such additional amounts shall be payable in 
respect of any Note or Coupon: 
(i) 
held by or on behalf of a Noteholder or Couponholder which is liable to such taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges in respect of such Note or Coupon by reason of its 
having some connection with the jurisdiction by which such taxes, duties, assessments or 
charges have been imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed other than the mere 
holding of the Note or Coupon;

--- Page 72 ---
- 72 -
 
 
(ii) 
where the relevant Note or Coupon is presented or surrendered for payment more than 30 days 
after the Relevant Date except to the extent that the holder of such Note or Coupon would 
have been entitled to such additional amounts on presenting or surrendering such Note or 
Coupon for payment on the last day of such period of 30 days; 
(iii) 
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a holder who, should the exemption of Law 10/2014 not be 
applicable, does not comply with the Issuer’s or the Guarantor’s request to provide a valid 
certificate of tax residence duly issued by the tax authorities of the country of tax residence 
of the beneficial owner of the Notes confirming that the holder is (i) resident for tax purposes 
in a Member State of the European Union; or (ii) resident for tax purposes in a jurisdiction 
with which Spain has entered into a tax treaty to avoid double taxation, which makes provision 
for a full exemption from tax imposed in Spain on interest and within the meaning of the 
referred tax treaty as it is required to provide by the applicable tax laws and regulations of the 
relevant taxing authority as a precondition to exemption from, or reduction in the rate of 
deduction or withholding of, taxes imposed by such relevant taxing authority; or 
(iv) 
where such withholding or deduction is required pursuant to an agreement described in 
Section 1471(b) of the Code or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of 
the Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, or 
any law implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto. 
(b) 
Taxing jurisdiction: If the Issuer or the Guarantor becomes subject at any time to any taxing 
jurisdiction other than the Kingdom of Spain, references in these Conditions shall be construed as 
references to the Kingdom of Spain and/or such other jurisdiction. 
12. 
Events of Default 
If any of the following events occurs and is continuing: 
(a) 
Non-payment: the Issuer fails to pay any amount of principal in respect of the Notes within 14 days of 
the due date for payment thereof or fails to pay any amount of interest in respect of the Notes within 
21 days of the due date for payment thereof; or 
(b) 
Breach of other obligations: the Issuer or the Guarantor defaults in the performance or observance of 
any of its other obligations under or in respect of the Notes or the Guarantee of the Notes and such 
default remains unremedied for 30 days after written notice thereof, addressed to the Issuer and the 
Guarantor by any Noteholder, has been delivered to the Issuer and the Guarantor or to the Specified 
Office of the Fiscal Agent; or 
(c) 
Cross-default of Issuer, Guarantor or Subsidiary: 
(i) 
Any Relevant Indebtedness of the Issuer, the Guarantor or any of their respective Material 
Subsidiaries is not paid when due or (as the case may be) within any originally applicable 
grace period; 
(ii) 
any such Relevant Indebtedness becomes (or becomes capable of being declared) due and 
payable prior to its stated maturity otherwise than at the option of the Issuer, the Guarantor or 
(as the case may be) the relevant Material Subsidiary or (provided that no event of default, 
howsoever described, has occurred) any Person entitled to such Relevant Indebtedness; or 
(iii) 
the Issuer, the Guarantor or any of their respective Material Subsidiaries fails to pay when due 
any amount payable by it under any Guarantee of any Relevant Indebtedness, 
provided that the amount of Relevant Indebtedness referred to in sub-paragraph (i) and/or sub-
paragraph (ii) above and/or the amount payable under any Guarantee referred to in sub-paragraph (iii) 
above individually or in the aggregate exceeds €80,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency or 
currencies); or 
(d) 
Unsatisfied judgment: one or more judgment(s) or order(s) from which no further appeal or judicial 
review is permissible under applicable law for the payment of an aggregate amount in excess of 
€80,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency or currencies) is rendered against the Issuer, the

--- Page 73 ---
- 73 -
 
 
Guarantor or any of their respective Material Subsidiaries and continue(s) unsatisfied and unstayed for 
a period of 30 days after the date(s) thereof or, if later, the date therein specified for payment; or.  
(e) 
Security enforced: a secured party takes possession, or a receiver, manager or other similar officer is 
appointed, of the whole any part of the undertaking, assets and revenues of the Issuer, the Guarantor 
or any of their respective Material Subsidiaries, in each case provided that the value of such 
undertaking, assets and/or revenues exceeds, individually or in the aggregate, €80,000,000 (or its 
equivalent in any other currency or currencies); or 
(f) 
Insolvency etc: (i) the Issuer, the Guarantor or any of their respective Material Subsidiaries becomes 
insolvent or is unable to pay its debts as they fall due, (ii) an administrator or liquidator is appointed 
(or application for any such appointment is made) in respect of the Issuer, the Guarantor or any of their 
respective Material Subsidiaries or the whole or any substantial part of the undertaking, assets and 
revenues of the Issuer, the Guarantor or any of their respective Material Subsidiaries, (iii) the Issuer, 
the Guarantor or any of their respective Material Subsidiaries takes any action for a readjustment or 
deferment of its obligations generally or makes a general assignment or an arrangement or composition 
with or for the benefit of its creditors or declares a moratorium in respect of its Indebtedness generally 
or Guarantees of any Indebtedness given by it generally or (iv) the Issuer, the Guarantor or any of their 
respective Material Subsidiaries ceases or threatens to cease to carry on all or substantially all of its 
business (otherwise than for the purposes of or pursuant to an amalgamation, merger, reorganisation 
or restructuring whilst solvent); or 
(g) 
Winding up etc: an order is made or an effective resolution is passed for the winding up, liquidation 
or dissolution of the Issuer, the Guarantor or any of their respective Material Subsidiaries (otherwise 
than for the purposes of or pursuant to an amalgamation, merger, reorganisation or restructuring whilst 
solvent); or 
(h) 
Analogous event: any event occurs which under the laws of the Kingdom of Spain has an analogous 
effect to any of the events referred to in paragraphs (d) to (g) above; or 
(i) 
Failure to take action etc: any action, condition or thing at any time required to be taken, fulfilled or 
done in order (i) to enable the Issuer and the Guarantor lawfully to enter into, exercise their respective 
rights and perform and comply with their respective obligations under and in respect of the Notes and 
the Deed of Guarantee, (ii) to ensure that those obligations are legal, valid, binding and enforceable 
and (iii) to make the Notes, the Coupons and the Deed of Guarantee admissible in evidence in the 
courts of the Kingdom of Spain is not taken, fulfilled or done; or 
(j) 
Unlawfulness: it is or will become unlawful for the Issuer or the Guarantor to perform or comply with 
any of its obligations under or in respect of the Notes or, in the case of the Guarantor only, the Deed 
of Guarantee; or 
(k) 
Guarantee not in force: the Guarantee of the Notes is not (or is claimed by the Guarantor not to be) in 
full force and effect; or  
(l) 
Controlling shareholder: the Issuer ceases to be a direct or indirect Subsidiary of the Guarantor, 
then any Note may, by written notice addressed by the holder thereof to the Issuer and the Guarantor 
and delivered to the Issuer and the Guarantor or to the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent, be declared 
immediately due and payable, whereupon it shall become immediately due and payable at its principal 
amount together with accrued but unpaid interest (if any) to the date of payment without further action 
or formality. 
The Spanish Recast Insolvency Law provides, among other things, that contractual provisions 
granting one party the right to suspend, modify or terminate by reason only of the other party’s 
declaration of insolvency, opening of the liquidation phase, communication of the opening of 
negotiations with its creditors, presentation of a restructuring plan or other similar circumstances, 
will not be enforceable. 
13. 
Prescription 
Claims for principal in respect of Notes shall become void unless the relevant Notes are presented for 
payment within ten years of the appropriate Relevant Date.  Claims for interest in respect of Notes

--- Page 74 ---
- 74 -
 
 
shall become void unless the relevant Coupons are presented for payment within five years of the 
appropriate Relevant Date.  
14. 
Replacement of Notes and Coupons 
If any Note or Coupon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced at the 
Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent (and, if the Notes are then admitted to listing, trading and/or 
quotation by any competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system which requires the 
appointment of a Paying Agent in any particular place, the Paying Agent having its Specified Office in 
the place required by such competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system), subject to all 
applicable laws and competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system requirements, upon 
payment by the claimant of the expenses incurred in connection with such replacement and on such 
terms as to evidence, security, indemnity and otherwise as the Issuer may reasonably require. Mutilated 
or defaced Notes or Coupons must be surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
15. 
Agents 
In acting under the Agency Agreement and in connection with the Notes and the Coupons, the Fiscal 
Agent, Paying Agents, Calculation Agent, and any other agent act solely as agents of the Issuer and 
the Guarantor and do not assume any obligations towards or relationship of agency or trust for or with 
any of the Noteholders or Couponholders. 
The initial Agents and their initial Specified Offices are listed below. The initial Calculation Agent (if 
any) is specified in the relevant Final Terms. The Issuer and the Guarantor reserve the right at any time 
to vary or terminate the appointment of any Paying Agent and to appoint a successor fiscal agent or 
Calculation Agent and additional or successor paying agents; provided, however, that: 
(a) 
the Issuer and the Guarantor shall at all times maintain a Fiscal Agent; and 
(b) 
if a Calculation Agent is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer and the Guarantor shall at all 
times maintain a Calculation Agent; and 
(c) 
if and for so long as the Notes are admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any competent 
authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system which requires the appointment of a Paying Agent 
in any particular place, the Issuer and the Guarantor shall maintain a Paying Agent having its Specified 
Office in the place required by such competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system. 
Notice of any change in any of the Paying Agents or in their Specified Offices shall promptly be given 
to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 18 (Notices). 
16. 
Meetings of Noteholders; Modification and Waiver 
(a) 
Meetings of Noteholders: The Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings of 
Noteholders to consider matters relating to the Notes, including the modification of any provision of 
these Conditions. Any such modification may be made if sanctioned by an Extraordinary Resolution. 
Such a meeting may be convened by the Issuer and the Guarantor (acting together) and shall be 
convened by them upon the request in writing of Noteholders holding not less than one-tenth of the 
aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes. The quorum at any meeting convened to vote on 
an Extraordinary Resolution will be two or more Persons holding or representing one more than half 
of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes or, at any adjourned meeting, one or more 
Persons being or representing Noteholders whatever the principal amount of the Notes held or 
represented; provided, however, that Reserved Matters may only be sanctioned by an Extraordinary 
Resolution passed at a meeting of Noteholders at which two or more Persons holding or representing 
not less than two thirds or, at any adjourned meeting, one quarter of the aggregate principal amount of 
the outstanding Notes form a quorum. Any Extraordinary Resolution duly passed at any such meeting 
shall be binding on all the Noteholders and Couponholders, whether present or not. 
In addition, a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of all Noteholders who for the time being 
are entitled to receive notice of a meeting of Noteholders will take effect as if it were an Extraordinary 
Resolution.  Such a resolution in writing may be contained in one document or several documents in 
the same form, each signed by or on behalf of one or more Noteholders.

--- Page 75 ---
- 75 -
 
 
(b) 
Modification: The Notes and these Conditions, the Deed of Guarantee and the Deed of Covenant may 
be amended without the consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders to correct a manifest error.  
In addition, the parties to the Agency Agreement may agree to modify any provision thereof, but the 
Issuer and the Guarantor shall not agree, without the consent of the Noteholders, to any such 
modification unless it is of a formal, minor or technical nature, it is made to correct a manifest error 
or it is, in the opinion of such parties, not materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders. 
17. 
Further Issues 
The Issuer may from time to time, without the consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders, create 
and issue further notes having the same terms and conditions as the Notes in all respects (or in all 
respects except for the first payment of interest) so as to form a single series with the Notes. 
18. 
Notices 
Notices to the Noteholders shall be valid if published in a leading English language daily newspaper 
published in London (which is expected to be the Financial Times) and, if such publication is not 
practicable, in a leading English language daily newspaper having general circulation in Europe.  Any 
such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the date of first publication (or if required to be 
published in more than one newspaper, on the first date on which publication shall have been made in 
all the required newspapers). Couponholders shall be deemed for all purposes to have notice of the 
contents of any notice given to the Noteholders. 
19. 
Currency Indemnity 
If any sum due from the Issuer in respect of the Notes or the Coupons or any order or judgment given 
or made in relation thereto has to be converted from the currency (the “first currency”) in which the 
same is payable under these Conditions or such order or judgment into another currency (the “second 
currency”) for the purpose of (a) making or filing a claim or proof against the Issuer, (b) obtaining an 
order or judgment in any court or other tribunal or (c) enforcing any order or judgment given or made 
in relation to the Notes, the Issuer shall indemnify each Noteholder, on the written demand of such 
Noteholder addressed to the Issuer and delivered to the Issuer or to the Specified Office of the Fiscal 
Agent, against any loss suffered as a result of any discrepancy between (i) the rate of exchange used 
for such purpose to convert the sum in question from the first currency into the second currency and 
(ii) the rate or rates of exchange at which such Noteholder may in the ordinary course of business 
purchase the first currency with the second currency upon receipt of a sum paid to it in satisfaction, in 
whole or in part, of any such order, judgment, claim or proof. 
This indemnity constitutes a separate and independent obligation of the Issuer and shall give rise to a 
separate and independent cause of action. 
20. 
Rounding 
For the purposes of any calculations referred to in these Conditions (unless otherwise specified in these 
Conditions or the relevant Final Terms), (a) all percentages resulting from such calculations will be 
rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (with 0.000005 per 
cent. being rounded up to 0.00001 per cent.), (b) all United States dollar amounts used in or resulting 
from such calculations will be rounded to the nearest cent (with one half cent being rounded up), (c) 
all Japanese Yen amounts used in or resulting from such calculations will be rounded downwards to 
the next lower whole Japanese Yen amount, and (d) all amounts denominated in any other currency 
used in or resulting from such calculations will be rounded to the nearest two decimal places in such 
currency, with 0.005 being rounded upwards. 
21. 
Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
(a) 
Governing law: The Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with 
the Notes are governed by English law, save for Condition 4(a) and (c), which is governed by Spanish 
law. 
(b) 
English courts: The courts of England have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute (a “Dispute”) 
arising out of or in connection with the Notes (including any non-contractual obligation arising out of 
or in connection with the Notes).

--- Page 76 ---
- 76 -
 
 
(c) 
Appropriate forum: Each of the Issuer and the Guarantor agrees that the courts of England are the most 
appropriate and convenient courts to settle any Dispute and, accordingly, that it will not argue to the 
contrary. 
(d) 
Rights of the Noteholders to take proceedings outside England: Notwithstanding Condition 21(b) 
(English courts), any Noteholder may take proceedings relating to a Dispute (“Proceedings”) in any 
other courts with jurisdiction. To the extent allowed by law, Noteholders may take concurrent 
Proceedings in any number of jurisdictions. 
(e) 
Service of process: The Issuer and the Guarantor agree that the documents which start any Proceedings 
and any other documents required to be served in relation to those Proceedings may be served on it by 
being delivered to CEPSA UK, LTD at Office 9. 03, 9th Floor of the Dashwood Building, 69 Old 
Board Street, London EC2, or to such other person with an address in England or Wales and/or at such 
other address in England or Wales as the Issuer or the Guarantor may specify by notice in writing to 
the Noteholders. Nothing in this paragraph shall affect the right of any Noteholder to serve process in 
any other manner permitted by law. This Condition applies to Proceedings in England and to 
Proceedings elsewhere.

--- Page 77 ---
- 77 -
 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the European Economic Area (“EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is 
one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
“EU MiFID II”); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the “EU Insurance 
Distribution Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point 
(10) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) 
No 1286/2014 (as amended, the “EU PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the 
Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the EU 
PRIIPs Regulation. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom (“UK”).  For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); (ii) a customer within 
the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the Financial Services and 
Markets Act 2000 (the “FSMA”) to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify 
as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation 
(EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) 
for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been 
prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor 
in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
EU MiFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and 
professional clients only, each as defined in EU MiFID II; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to 
eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the [manufacturer’s/manufacturers’] 
target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to EU MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own 
target 
market 
assessment 
in 
respect 
of 
the 
Notes 
(by 
either 
adopting 
or 
refining 
the 
[manufacturer’s/manufacturers’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
UK MIFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the [Notes] is only eligible counterparties, as 
defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (“COBS”), and professional clients, as defined 
in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018 (“UK MiFIR”); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the [Notes] to eligible counterparties and 
professional clients are appropriate.  [Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, 
selling or recommending the [Notes] (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] 
target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and 
Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the [Notes] (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[Singapore Securities and Futures Act Product Classification – Solely for the purposes of its obligations 
pursuant to Sections 309B(1)(a) and 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore, as 
modified or amended from time to time (the “SFA”), the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant 
persons (as defined in section 309A of the SFA) that the Notes are “capital markets products other than 
prescribed capital markets products” (as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) 
Regulations 2018).] 
Final Terms dated [•] 
CEPSA Finance, S.A.U.

--- Page 78 ---
- 78 -
 
 
LEI: 959800QEUH8V5SPPCB45 
Issue of [Aggregate Principal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
 
Guaranteed by Compañía Española de Petróleos, S.A. 
under the  
€3,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the “Conditions”) 
set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 2 April 2024 [and the supplement to the Base Prospectus dated [•]] which 
[together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the “Base Prospectus”) for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129, as amended or superseded (the “EU Prospectus Regulation”). This document constitutes the Final 
Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of Article 8 of the EU Prospectus Regulation and must 
be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus.  
Full information on the Issuer and the Guarantor and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the 
combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus. The Base Prospectus [and the Final Terms] 
[has]/[have] been published on https://www.cepsa.com/en/investors/ratings-debt-issuances and [is]/[are] 
available for viewing on the website of the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin (“Euronext 
Dublin”) at www.ise.ie and during normal business hours at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent, currently 
at One Canada Square, London E14 5AL, United Kingdom.  
[In accordance with the EU Prospectus Regulation, no prospectus is required in connection with the issuance 
of the Notes described herein.]  
[The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was issued 
under a base prospectus with an earlier date. 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the terms and conditions of Notes 
issued by the Issuer (the “Conditions”) set forth in the base prospectus dated [26 April 2019 / 2 June 2020]. 
This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129, as amended or superseded (the “EU Prospectus Regulation”) and, save in respect of the 
Conditions, must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated 2 April 2024 [and the supplement to 
the Base Prospectus dated [•]] ([together, ]the “Base Prospectus”) in order to obtain all the relevant 
information. The Base Prospectus constitutes a base prospectus for the purposes of the EU Prospectus 
Regulation. The Conditions are incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus. Full information on the Issuer, 
the Guarantor and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms 
and the Base Prospectus dated 2 April 2024 [and the supplement to the Base Prospectus dated [•]]. 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable” (N/A). Note that the numbering 
should remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs (in which case 
the sub-paragraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be deleted). Italics denote guidance for 
completing the Final Terms.] 
1. 
(i) 
Issuer: 
CEPSA Finance, S.A.U. 
 
(ii) 
Guarantor: 
Compañía Española de Petróleos, S.A. 
2. 
[(i)] 
Series Number: 
[•] 
 
[(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[•]] 
 
[(iii) 
Date on which the Notes 
become fungible: 
[Not Applicable/The Notes shall be 
consolidated, form a single series and be 
interchangeable for trading purposes with 
the [•] on [[•]/the Issue Date/exchange of 
the Temporary Global Note for interests in 
the Permanent Global Note, as referred to

--- Page 79 ---
- 79 -
 
 
in paragraph 22 below [which is expected 
to occur on or about [•]].] 
3. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[•] 
4. 
Aggregate Principal Amount: 
[•] 
 
[(i)] 
[Series]: 
[•] 
 
[(ii) 
Tranche: 
[•]] 
5. 
Issue Price: 
[•] per cent. of the Aggregate Principal 
Amount [plus accrued interest from [•]] 
6. 
(i) 
Specified Denominations: 
[•] 
(N.B. Notes must have a minimum 
denomination of EUR 100,000 (or 
equivalent) and be in integral multiples of 
the specified minimum denomination) 
 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
[•] 
7. 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Commencement 
Date: 
[[•]/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
8. 
Maturity Date: 
[Specify date or (for Floating Rate Notes) 
Interest Payment Date falling in or 
nearest to the relevant month and year] 
[For fixed rate notes where the Interest 
Payment 
Dates 
are 
subject 
to 
modification, the Maturity Date will be the 
Interest Payment Date falling in or 
nearest to the relevant month and year] 
9. 
Interest Basis: 
[[•] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
 
 
[[•][•] [EURIBOR] +/– [•] per cent. 
Floating Rate] 
 
 
[Zero Coupon] 
 
 
(see paragraph [13/14] below) 
10. 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation 
or early redemption, the Notes will be 
redeemed on the Maturity Date at [100] 
per cent. of their nominal amount.  
11. 
Change of Interest or 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Specify the date when any fixed to 
floating rate change occurs or refer to 
paragraphs 13 and 14 below and identify 
there/Not Applicable] 
12. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Put Option] 
[Change of Control Put Option]  
 
 
[Issuer Call Option]

--- Page 80 ---
- 80 -
 
 
 
 
[Substantial Purchase Event] 
 
 
[Residual Maturity Call Option] 
 
 
[Not 
Applicable][See 
paragraph 
[17/18/19] below)] 
13. 
[Date [Board] approval for issuance 
of Notes [and guarantee of Notes] 
[respectively]] obtained: 
[•] [and [•], respectively  
(N.B Only relevant where Board (or 
similar) authorisation is required for the 
particular tranche of Notes or related 
guarantee) 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
14. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum payable in arrear 
on each Interest Payment Date 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[•] in each year [subject to adjustment in 
accordance with the Business Day 
Convention specified below] 
 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: 
[[•] 
per 
Calculation 
Amount/Not 
Applicable] For Notes where the Interest 
Payment 
Dates 
are 
subject 
to 
modification: The amount of interest 
payable for any Interest Period is to be 
calculated in accordance with Condition 
6] 
 
(iv) 
Fixed Coupon Amount for a 
short or long Interest Period 
(“Broken Amount(s)”): 
[•] per Calculation Amount, payable on 
the Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] 
[•] 
 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360 / Actual/Actual (ICMA/ISDA) / 
other] 
 
(vi) 
Unmatured Coupons void: 
Condition 10(f) (Unmatured Coupons and 
Receipts 
void) 
is 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
15. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Specified Period: 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Specified Interest Payment 
Dates: 
[•] 
 
(iii) 
[First Interest Payment 
Date]: 
[•] 
 
(iv) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating 
Rate 
Convention/Following 
Business Day Convention/ Modified

--- Page 81 ---
- 81 -
 
 
Following Business Day Convention/ 
Preceding Business Day Convention] 
 
(v) 
Additional Business 
Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/[•]] 
 
(vi) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) 
of Interest is/are to be 
determined: 
[Screen 
Rate 
Determination/ISDA 
Determination] 
 
(vii) 
Party responsible for 
calculating the Rate(s) of 
Interest and/or Interest 
Amount(s) (if not the [Fiscal 
Agent]): 
[[Fiscal Agent][Principal Paying Agent]]/ 
[an institution other than the [Fiscal 
Agent][Principal Paying Agent]] shall be 
the Calculation Agent 
 
(viii) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
• 
Reference Rate: 
[•] Month EURIBOR 
 
• 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[•] 
 
• 
Relevant Screen 
Page: 
[•] 
 
• 
Relevant Time: 
[•] 
 
• 
Relevant 
Financial Centre: 
[•] 
 
(ix) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
• 
ISDA Definitions: 
[2006 ISDA Definitions / 2021 ISDA 
Definitions] 
 
• 
Floating Rate 
Option: 
(The Floating Rate Option should be 
selected from one of:  EUR-EURIBOR-
Reuters (if 2006 ISDA Definitions apply) 
EUR-EURIBOR (if 2021 ISDA Definitions 
apply) These are the options envisaged by 
the terms and conditions) 
 
• 
Designated Maturity: 
[•] 
 
• 
Reset Date: 
[•]/[as 
specified 
in 
the 
ISDA 
Definitions]/[the first day of the relevant 
Interest Period, subject to adjustment in 
accordance with the Business Day 
Convention set out in [(iv)] above and as 
specified in the ISDA Definitions] 
 
(x) 
Linear interpolation  
Not Applicable/Applicable – the Rate of 
Interest for the [long/short] [first/last] 
Interest Period shall be calculated using

--- Page 82 ---
- 82 -
 
 
Linear Interpolation (specify for each 
short or long interest period) 
 
(xi) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-][•] per cent. per annum 
 
(xii) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum 
 
(xiii) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum 
 
(xiv) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[•] 
16. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Accrual Yield: 
[•] per cent. per annum 
 
(ii) 
Reference Price: 
(iii) 
Day Count Fraction in 
relation to early Redemption 
Amounts: 
[•] 
[30/360 / Actual/Actual (ICMA/ISDA) / 
other] 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
17. 
Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s) of each Note: 
[[•] per Calculation Amount/Make Whole 
Redemption Price] [in the case of the 
Optional Redemption Date(s) falling 
[on]/[in the period from and including 
[date] to but excluding [date]] 
 
(iii) 
Make 
Whole 
Redemption 
Price: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs(a) – (f) of this paragraph)] 
 
 
(a) 
Reference Bond: 
[•] 
 
 
(b) 
Quotation Time: 
[•] 
 
(c) 
Redemption 
Margin: 
[•] per cent. 
 
(d) 
Par 
Redemption 
Date: 
[•] per cent. 
 
(iv) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
 
(a) 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
(b) 
Maximum 
Redemption Amount 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
(v) 
Notice period: 
[•] [As per Condition 9(c)]

--- Page 83 ---
- 83 -
 
 
18. 
Residual Maturity Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Notice Period: 
[•] [As per Condition 9(g)] 
 
(ii) 
Date fixed for redemption: 
[As per Condition 9(g)] [No earlier than 
[] months before the Maturity Date] 
19. 
Substantial Purchase Event 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
Notice Period 
[•] [As per Condition 9(f)] 
20. 
Put Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s) of each Note and 
method, if any, of calculation 
of such amount(s): 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iii) 
Notice period: 
[•] [As per Condition 9(e)] 
21. 
Change of Control Put Option/ Put 
Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (This option 
is contained in Condition 9(h)) 
22. 
Final Redemption Amount of each 
Note  
[•] per Calculation Amount 
23. 
Early Redemption Amount 
 
 
(i) 
Early Redemption Amount(s) 
per 
Calculation 
Amount 
payable on redemption for 
taxation reasons or on event 
of default or other early 
redemption: 
[•] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
(ii) 
Notice period on redemption 
for tax reasons (if different 
from 
Condition 
[9(b)] 
(Redemption 
for 
tax 
reasons)): 
[Not less than [•] nor more than [•] days] / 
[Not Applicable – in line with Conditions] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
24. 
Form of Notes: 
 
 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
a Permanent Global Note which is 
exchangeable for Definitive Notes in the 
limited circumstances specified in the 
Permanent Global Note] 
 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes on the Exchange Date]  
 
 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive 
Notes 
in 
the 
limited

--- Page 84 ---
- 84 -
 
 
circumstances specified in the Permanent 
Global Note] 
 
[Notes shall not be physically delivered in 
Belgium except to a clearing system, a 
depository or other institution for the 
purpose of 
their immobilisation in 
accordance with article 4 of the Belgium 
law of 14 December]1 
25. 
New Global Note: 
[Yes] [No] 
26. 
Additional Financial Centre(s) or 
other special provisions relating to 
payment dates: 
[Not Applicable/give details. Note that 
this paragraph relates to the date of 
payment, and not the end dates of interest 
periods for the purposes of calculating the 
amount of interest, to which sub-
paragraph 15(v) relates] 
 
27. 
Talons for future Coupons to be 
attached to Definitive Notes (and 
dates on which such Talons mature): 
[Yes/No. As the Notes have more than 27 
coupon payments, talons may be required 
if, on exchange into definitive form, more 
than 27 coupon payments are left.] 
28. 
Details relating to Instalment Notes: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) Instalment Amount(s): 
[] 
(b) Instalment Date(s): 
[] 
Signed on behalf of CEPSA FINANCE, S.A.U.: 
 
By: 
............................................ 
Duly authorised 
Signed on behalf of the COMPAÑÍA ESPAÑOLA DE PETRÓLEOS, S.A.: 
 
By: 
............................................. 
Duly authorised 
 
1 To be included for Notes that are to be offered in Belgium.

--- Page 85 ---
- 85 -
 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION 
TO TRADING  
(i)  Admission to Trading: 
 
 
[Application is has been made by the Issuer 
(or on its behalf) for the Notes to be 
admitted to trading on [the Regulated 
Market of Euronext Dublin /[other]] with 
effect from [•].]/[Application is expected to 
be made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) for 
the Notes to be admitted to trading on [the 
Regulated Market of Euronext Dublin 
/[other]] with effect from [•].]  
(When documenting a fungible issue need 
to indicate that original Notes are already 
admitted to trading.) 
(ii)  Estimate of total expenses 
related 
to 
admission 
to 
trading: 
[•] 
2. 
RATINGS 
[The Notes to be issued [have been/are 
expected to be] rated]/[The following 
ratings reflect ratings assigned to Notes of 
this type issued under the Programme 
generally]: 
 
Ratings: 
[S&P: [•]] 
 
 
[Moody’s: [•]] 
 
 
[Fitch: [•]] 
 
 
[[Other]: [•]] 
 
 
Option 1 - CRA established in the EEA 
and registered under the EU CRA 
Regulation and details of whether rating 
is endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established and registered in the UK or 
certified under the UK CRA Regulation 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit 
rating agency entity providing rating] is 
established in the EEA and registered 
under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as 
amended (the “EU CRA Regulation”).  
[[Insert legal name of particular credit 
rating agency entity providing rating] 
appears on the latest update of the list of 
registered credit rating agencies (as of 
[insert date of most recent list]) on the 
ESMA 
website 
http://www.esma.europa.eu.].  [The rating 
[Insert legal name of particular credit 
rating agency entity providing rating] has 
given to the Notes is endorsed by [insert 
legal name of credit rating agency], which 
is established in the UK and registered

--- Page 86 ---
- 86 -
 
 
under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as it 
forms part of domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK CRA 
Regulation”).] /[[ Insert legal name of 
particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] has been certified under 
Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as it forms 
part of domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK CRA 
Regulation”).]/ [[Insert legal name of 
particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] has not been certified 
under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as it 
forms part of domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK CRA 
Regulation”) and the rating it has given to 
the Notes is not endorsed by a credit rating 
agency established in the UK and 
registered under the UK CRA Regulation.]
 
 
Option 2 - CRA established in the EEA, 
not registered under the EU CRA 
Regulation 
but 
has 
applied 
for 
registration and details of whether rating 
is endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established and registered in the UK or 
certified under the UK CRA Regulation 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit 
rating agency entity providing rating] is 
established in the EEA and has applied for 
registration under Regulation (EC) No 
1060/2009, as amended (the “EU CRA 
Regulation”), although notification of the 
corresponding registration decision has not 
yet been provided by the [relevant 
competent authority] /[European Securities 
and Markets Authority].  [[Insert legal 
name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] appears on the 
latest update of the list of registered credit 
rating agencies (as of [insert date of most 
recent list]) on the ESMA website 
http://www.esma.europa.eu.].  [The rating 
[Insert legal name of particular credit 
rating agency entity providing rating] has 
given to the Notes is endorsed by [insert 
legal name of credit rating agency], which 
is established in the UK and registered 
under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as it 
forms part of domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK CRA 
Regulation”).] /[[ Insert legal name of 
particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] has been certified under 
Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as it forms

--- Page 87 ---
- 87 -
 
 
part of domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 ( the “UK CRA 
Regulation”).]/ [[Insert legal name of 
particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] has not been certified 
under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as it 
forms part of domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 ( the “UK CRA 
Regulation”) and the rating it has given to 
the Notes is not endorsed by a credit rating 
agency established in the UK and 
registered under the UK CRA Regulation.] 
 
 
Option 3 - CRA established in the EEA, 
not registered under the EU CRA 
Regulation 
and 
not 
applied 
for 
registration and details of whether rating 
is endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established and registered in the UK or 
certified under the UK CRA Regulation 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit 
rating agency entity providing rating] is 
established in the EEA and is neither 
registered nor has it applied for registration 
under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as 
amended (the “EU CRA Regulation”).  
[[Insert legal name of particular credit 
rating agency entity providing rating] 
appears on the latest update of the list of 
registered credit rating agencies (as of 
[insert date of most recent list]) on the 
ESMA 
website 
http://www.esma.europa.eu.].  [The rating 
[Insert legal name of particular credit 
rating agency entity providing rating] has 
given to the Notes is endorsed by [insert 
legal name of credit rating agency], which 
is established in the UK and registered 
under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as it 
forms part of domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK CRA 
Regulation”).] /[[ Insert legal name of 
particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] has been certified under 
Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as it forms 
part of domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK CRA 
Regulation”).]/ [[Insert legal name of 
particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] has not been certified 
under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as it 
forms part of domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK CRA 
Regulation”) and the rating it has given to

--- Page 88 ---
- 88 -
 
 
the Notes is not endorsed by a credit rating 
agency established in the UK and 
registered under the UK CRA Regulation.] 
 
 
Option 4 - CRA established in the UK and 
registered under the UK CRA Regulation 
and details of whether rating is endorsed 
by a credit rating agency established and 
registered in the EEA or certified under 
the EU CRA Regulation 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit 
rating agency entity providing rating] is 
established in the UK and registered under 
Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as it forms 
part of domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 ( the “UK CRA 
Regulation”).  [[Insert legal name of 
particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] appears on the latest 
update of the list of registered credit rating 
agencies (as of [insert date of most recent 
list]) 
on 
the 
FCA 
website: 
https://data.fca.org.uk/#/cra/cradetails.  
[The rating [Insert legal name of particular 
credit rating agency entity providing 
rating] has given to the Notes to be issued 
under the Programme is endorsed by 
[insert legal name of credit rating agency], 
which is established in the EEA and 
registered under Regulation (EC) No 
1060/2009, as amended (the “EU CRA 
Regulation”).] [[Insert legal name of 
particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] has been certified under 
Regulation (EC) 
No 1060/2009, 
as 
amended (the “EU CRA Regulation”).] 
[[Insert legal name of particular credit 
rating agency entity providing rating] has 
not been certified under Regulation (EC) 
No 1060/2009, as amended (the “UK CRA 
Regulation”) and the rating it has given to 
the Notes is not endorsed by a credit rating 
agency established in the EEA and 
registered under the EU CRA Regulation.] 
 
 
Option 5 - CRA not established in the 
EEA or the UK but relevant rating is 
endorsed by a CRA which is established 
and registered under the CRA Regulation 
(EU) AND/OR under the CRA Regulation 
(UK) 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit 
rating agency entity providing rating] is 
not established in the EEA or the UK but 
the rating it has given to the Notes to be 
issued under the Programme is endorsed by 
[[insert legal name of credit rating 
agency], which is established in the EEA

--- Page 89 ---
- 89 -
 
 
and registered under Regulation (EC) No 
1060/2009, as amended (the “EU CRA 
Regulation”)][and][[insert legal name of 
credit rating agency], which is established 
in the UK and registered under Regulation 
(EC) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of 
domestic law of the United Kingdom by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018 ( the “UK CRA Regulation”)]. 
 
 
Option 6 - CRA not established in the 
EEA or the UK and relevant rating is not 
endorsed under the CRA Regulation (EU) 
or the CRA Regulation (UK) but CRA is 
certified under the CRA Regulation (EU) 
AND/OR under the CRA Regulation (UK) 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit 
rating agency entity providing rating] is 
not established in the EEA or the UK but is 
certified under [Regulation (EC) No 
1060/2009, as amended (the “EU CRA 
Regulation”)][and][ Regulation (EC) No 
1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law 
of the United Kingdom by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
(the “UK CRA Regulation”]. 
 
 
Option 7 - CRA neither established in the 
EEA or the UK nor certified under the EU 
CRA Regulation or the UK CRA 
Regulation and relevant rating is not 
endorsed under the EU CRA Regulation 
or the UK CRA Regulation 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit 
rating agency entity providing rating] is 
not established in the EEA or the UK and 
is not certified under Regulation (EC) No 
1060/2009, as amended (the “EU CRA 
Regulation”) or Regulation (EC) No 
1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law 
of the United Kingdom by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
(the “UK CRA Regulation”) and the 
rating it has given to the Notes is not 
endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in either the EEA and 
registered under the EU CRA Regulation 
or in the UK and registered under the UK 
CRA Regulation. 
 
 
 
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN 
THE ISSUE/OFFER 
(Need to include a description of any interest, including conflicting ones, that is 
material to the issue/offer, detailing the persons involved and the nature of the 
interest. May be satisfied by the inclusion of the statement below:)

--- Page 90 ---
- 90 -
 
 
[Save for any fees payable to the Managers, so far as the Issuer is aware, no 
person involved in the offer of the Notes has an interest material to the offer.  The 
[Managers] and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in 
investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may 
perform other services for, the Issuer [and the Guarantor] and [its/their] affiliates 
in the ordinary course of business.  (Amend as appropriate if there are other 
interests)] 
[(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to 
whether such matters described constitute “significant new factors” and 
consequently trigger the need for a supplement to the Prospectus under Article 
23 of the Prospectus Regulation.)] 
 
4. 
[Fixed Rate Notes only – YIELD 
 
 
Indication of yield: 
[•] 
[The yield is calculated at the Issue Date 
on the basis of the Issue Price.  It is not an 
indication of future yield.]] 
5. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER 
AND 
ESTIMATED 
NET 
PROCEEDS 
(i) Reasons for the offer: 
 
 
See [“Use of Proceeds” in the Base 
Prospectus]/[Give details] 
 
(ii) Estimated net proceeds: 
[•] 
6. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
ISIN: 
[•] 
 
Common Code: 
[•] 
 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
 
Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any): 
[•] [Not Applicable] 
 
[Relevant Benchmark[s]: 
[EURIBOR is provided by [administrator 
legal name]][repeat as necessary]. As at 
the date hereof, [[administrator legal 
name][appears]/[does not appear]][repeat 
as 
necessary] 
in 
the 
register 
of 
administrators and benchmarks established 
and maintained by ESMA pursuant to 
Article 36 (Register of administrators and 
benchmarks) 
of 
the 
Benchmarks 
Regulation]/[As far as the Issuer is aware, 
as at the date hereof, [EURIBOR] does not 
fall within the scope of the Benchmarks 
Regulation]] 
 
[Intended to be held in a manner 
which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility: 
[Yes]/[No]

--- Page 91 ---
- 91 -
 
 
 
 
[Note that the designation “yes” simply 
means that the Notes are intended upon 
issue to be deposited with one of the ICSDs 
as common safekeeper and does not 
necessarily mean that the Notes will be 
recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day 
credit operations by the Eurosystem either 
upon issue or at any or all times during 
their life.  Such recognition will depend 
upon the ECB being satisfied that 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been 
met.]/  
[Whilst the designation is specified as “no” 
at the date of these Final Terms, should the 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria be amended 
in the future such that the Notes are capable 
of meeting them the Notes may then be 
deposited with one of the ICSDs as 
common safekeeper. Note that this does 
not necessarily mean that the Notes will 
then be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day 
credit operations by the Eurosystem at any 
time during their life.  Such recognition 
will depend upon the ECB being satisfied 
that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have 
been met.] 
7. 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
 
(i) 
Method of Distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
 
(ii) 
If syndicated: 
(A) Names of Dealers 
 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
 
(B) Stabilisation 
Manager(s), if any: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
 
(iii) 
If non-syndicated, name of 
Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
 
(iv) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
[Reg S Compliance Category [1/2]; 
TEFRA C/TEFRA D]  
 
(v) 
Prohibition 
of 
Sales 
to 
Belgian Consumers: 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 92 ---
- 92 -
 
SUMMARY OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM 
Clearing System Accountholders 
Each Global Note will be in bearer form. Consequently, in relation to any Tranche of Notes represented by 
a Global Note in bearer form, references in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes to “Noteholder” are 
references to the bearer of the relevant Global Note which, for so long as the Global Note is held by a 
depositary or a common depositary, in the case of a CGN, or a common safekeeper, in the case of an NGN 
for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system, will be that 
depositary or common depositary or, as the case may be, common safekeeper. 
Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other 
relevant clearing system as being entitled to an interest in a Global Note (each an “Accountholder”) must 
look solely to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or such other relevant clearing system (as 
the case may be) for such Accountholder’s share of each payment made by the Issuer or the Guarantor to 
the holder of such Global Note and in relation to all other rights arising under such Global Note.  The extent 
to which, and the manner in which, Accountholders may exercise any rights arising under the Global Note 
will be determined by the respective rules and procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and 
any other relevant clearing system from time to time. For so long as the relevant Notes are represented by 
a Global Note, Accountholders shall have no claim directly against the Issuer or the Guarantor in respect 
of payments due under the Notes and such obligations of the Issuer and the Guarantor will be discharged 
by payment to the holder of such Global Note. 
Conditions applicable to Global Notes 
Each Global Note will contain provisions which modify the Terms and Conditions of the Notes as they 
apply to the Global Note.  The following is a summary of certain of those provisions: 
Payments: All payments in respect of the Global Note will be made against presentation and (in the case of 
payment of principal in full with all interest accrued thereon) surrender of the Global Note to or to the order 
of any Paying Agent and will be effective to satisfy and discharge the corresponding liabilities of the Issuer 
in respect of the Notes. On each occasion on which a payment of principal or interest is made in respect of 
the Global Note, the Issuer shall procure that in respect of a CGN the payment is noted in a schedule thereto 
and in respect of an NGN the payment is entered pro rata in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. 
Exercise of put options: In order to exercise any of the options contained in Conditions 9(h) (Change of 
Control Put Option) or 9(e) (Redemption at the option of Noteholders) the bearer of the Permanent Global 
Note must, within the period specified in the Conditions for the deposit of the relevant Note and put notice, 
give written notice of such exercise to the Fiscal Agent specifying the principal amount of Notes in respect 
of which such option is being exercised. Any such notice will be irrevocable and may not be withdrawn.  
Payment Business Day: In the case of a Global Note, shall be: if the currency of payment is euro, any day 
which is a TARGET Settlement Day and a day on which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on 
in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre; or, if the currency of payment is not euro, any day which is a 
day on which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in the Principal Financial Centre of the 
currency of payment and in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre. 
Partial exercise of call option: In connection with an exercise of the option contained in 9(c) (Redemption 
at the option of the Issuer) in relation to some only of the Notes, the Permanent Global Note may be 
redeemed in part in the principal amount specified by the Issuer in accordance with the Conditions and the 
Notes to be redeemed will not be selected as provided in the Conditions but in accordance with the rules 
and procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (to be reflected in the records of Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a reduction in principal amount or any other applicable 
method at the time, at their discretion). 
Notices:  Notwithstanding Condition 18 (Notices), while all the Notes are represented by a Permanent 
Global Note (or by a Permanent Global Note and/or a Temporary Global Note) and the Permanent Global 
Note is (or the Permanent Global Note and/or the Temporary Global Note are), deposited with a depositary 
or a common depositary for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing

--- Page 93 ---
- 93 -
 
system or a common safekeeper, notices to Noteholders may be given by delivery of the relevant notice to 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system and, in any case, such 
notices shall be deemed to have been given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 18 (Notices) 
on the date of delivery to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing 
system except that, for so long as such Notes are admitted to trading on Euronext Dublin and it is a 
requirement of applicable law or regulations, such notices shall also be published in a leading newspaper 
having general circulation in Ireland or published on the website of the Euronext Dublin (www.ise.ie). 
Electronic Consent and Written Resolution: While any Global Note is held on behalf of a clearing system, 
then:  
(a) 
approval of a resolution proposed by the Issuer, given by way of electronic consents communicated 
through the electronic communications systems of the relevant clearing system(s) in accordance 
with their operating rules and procedures by or on behalf of the holders of not less than 75 per cent. 
in principal amount of the Notes outstanding (an “Electronic Consent” as defined in the Agency 
Agreement) shall, for all purposes (including matters that would otherwise require an 
Extraordinary Resolution to be passed at a meeting for which a special quorum was satisfied), take 
effect as an Extraordinary Resolution passed at a meeting of Noteholders duly convened and held, 
and shall be binding on all Noteholders whether or not they participated in such Electronic Consent; 
and  
(b) 
where Electronic Consent is not being sought, for the purpose of determining whether a Written 
Resolution (as defined in the Agency Agreement) has been validly passed, the Issuer shall be 
entitled to rely on consent or instructions given in writing directly to the Issuer and/or the Fiscal 
Agent by (a) accountholders in the clearing system with entitlements to such Global Note and/or, 
where (b) the accountholders hold any such entitlement on behalf of another person, on written 
consent from or written instruction by the person identified by that accountholder as the person for 
whom such entitlement is held. For the purpose of establishing the entitlement to give any such 
consent or instruction, the Issuer shall be entitled to rely on any certificate or other document issued 
by, in the case of (a) the relevant clearing system and, in the case of (b) above, the relevant clearing 
system and the accountholder identified by the relevant clearing system for the purposes of (b) 
above. Any resolution passed in such manner shall be binding on all Noteholders and 
Couponholders, even if the relevant consent or instruction proves to be defective. Any such 
certificate or other document shall, in the absence of manifest error, be conclusive and binding for 
all purposes. Any such certificate or other document may comprise any form of statement or print 
out of electronic records provided by the relevant clearing system (including Euroclear’s EUCLID 
or Clearstream, Luxembourg’s CreationOnline system) in accordance with its usual procedures 
and in which the accountholder of a particular principal or nominal amount of the Notes is clearly 
identified together with the amount of such holding.  Neither Issuer nor the Fiscal Agent shall be 
liable to any person by reason of having accepted as valid or not having rejected any certificate or 
other document to such effect purporting to be issued by any such person and subsequently found 
to be forged or not authentic.

--- Page 94 ---
- 94 -
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds of the issue of Notes under the Programme will be on-lent by the Issuer to, or invested by 
the Issuer in, other companies within the Group for use by such companies: 
(i)  
for their general corporate purposes (including for the repayment of existing indebtedness); or 
(ii)  
as otherwise specified, in respect of any particular issue of Notes, in the applicable Final Terms in 
the section entitled “Reasons for the Offer”.

--- Page 95 ---
- 95 -
 
INFORMATION ON THE ISSUER 
Incorporation and Status 
The Issuer was incorporated in Spain on 27 September 2018 for an unlimited term. It is a limited liability 
company (sociedad anónima) and operates under the laws of Spain.  
The registered office of the Issuer is at CEPSA Tower, Paseo de la Castellana, 259 A, 28046 Madrid and 
its telephone number is +34 913 376 000. The Issuer holds Spanish tax identification number A88202015 
and is registered with the Madrid Mercantile Registry under volume (tomo) 38,084, sheet (folio) 141 and 
page (hoja) M-677920. 
Share Capital 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the share capital of the Issuer amounts to €100,000 represented by 
100,000 shares with a nominal value of €1 per share. The Issuer is a wholly-owned subsidiary of the 
Guarantor and has no subsidiaries.  
Business 
The Issuer was incorporated to facilitate the raising of finance for the Group. 
In order to achieve its objectives, the Issuer is authorised to raise funds by issuing debt instruments on the 
capital and money markets.  
Directors 
The following table sets out the name and position of each director of the Issuer as well as their principal 
activities performed outside the Issuer, in each case, as at the date of this Base Prospectus: 
Name 
Position 
Principal activities outside the Issuer 
Mr. Jean Jacques Luc Steuns 
Director 
Head of Strategy and Sustainability of the Guarantor 
Mr. Carlos Villanueva Girón 
 
Director 
 
Head of Economics and Finance of the Guarantor 
The business address of each of the directors as directors of the Issuer is CEPSA Tower, Paseo de la 
Castellana, 259 A, 28046 Madrid. 
Conflicts of Interest  
There are no conflicts of interest between any duties owed by the directors of the Issuer to the Issuer and 
their respective private interests and/or duties.

--- Page 96 ---
- 96 -
 
INFORMATION ON THE GUARANTOR 
Incorporation and Status 
The Guarantor was incorporated in Spain in 1929 for an unlimited term. It is a limited company (sociedad 
anónima or S.A.) and operates under the laws of Spain. The registered office of the Guarantor is at CEPSA 
Tower, Paseo de la Castellana, 259 A, 28046 Madrid and its telephone number is +34 91 377 6000. The 
Guarantor holds Spanish tax identification number A28003119 and is registered with the Madrid Mercantile 
Registry under volume (tomo) 588, sheet (folio) 35 and page (hoja) M-12689. 
The Guarantor is the parent company of the Group. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Guarantor has been assigned the following long-term credit 
ratings:  
Fitch Ratings Ireland Spanish Branch, Sucursal en 
España (“Fitch”) 
BBB- (stable outlook) 
Moody’s Deutschland GmbH (“Moody’s”) 
Baa3 (stable outlook) 
S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited (“S&P”) 
BBB- (stable outlook) 
Each of Fitch, Moody’s and S&P is established in the European Union and registered under the CRA 
Regulation.  
Share Capital 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the share capital of the Guarantor amounts to €268,175,000 
represented by 536,350,000 fully subscribed and paid shares, with a nominal value of €0.50 per share. 
Principal Shareholders 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the principal shareholders of the Guarantor are CEPSA Holding LLC 
(61.36%) and Matador Bidco, S.à r.l. (“Matador Bidco”) (38.41%).  
CEPSA Holding LLC is a limited liability company duly incorporated on 11 January 2018, existing under 
the laws of the United Arab Emirates. Mubadala Investment Company, PJSC (“MIC”) (which is itself 
wholly-owned by the government of Abu Dhabi in the UAE) is the ultimate indirect parent company of 
CEPSA Holding LLC. 
Matador Bidco is a limited company established in Luxembourg, indirectly wholly owned by The Carlyle 
Group (“Carlyle”), a Full C-Corporation, managed and operated by its general partner and ultimate 
controlling entity, The Carlyle Group, Inc, which is in turn wholly-owned and controlled by Carlyle’s 
founders and other senior Carlyle professionals. 
History 
For information on the history of the Guarantor and the Group, please refer to the section entitled 
“Information on the Group—History” in this Base Prospectus. 
Principal activities 
For a description of the principal activities of the Guarantor and the Group, please refer to the section titled 
“Information on the Group” in this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 97 ---
- 97 -
 
Management  
Board of Directors 
The following table sets out the name and title of each member of the Board of Directors of the Guarantor 
as well as their principal activities performed outside the Guarantor, in each case, as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus. 
Name 
Title 
Date of first 
appointment 
Principal activities outside the 
Group 
Mr. Ahmed Yahia 
Director & 
Chairman 
04/02/2021 
Mubadala Investment Company 
PJSC 
(Chief Executive Officer, Direct 
Investments) 
Global Foundries 
(Chairman of the Board of Directors) 
Emirates Global Aluminium 
(Director) 
Mubadala Capital 
(Director) 
Abu Dhabi Investment Council 
PJSC 
(Director) 
 
 
 
 
Mr. Marcel van Poecke 
Director & Deputy 
Chairman 
15/10/2019 
Carlyle International Energy 
Partners (CIEP)  
(Chairman) 
Assala Energy UK Ltd. 
(Director) 
BSOG Holding Activity SRL 
(Director) 
Discover Exploration Ltd. 
(Director) 
Neptune Energy Group Ltd. 
(Director) 
Varo Energy B.V. 
(Director) 
ONE-Dyas B.V. 
(Chairman of Supervisory Board) 
Flamingo (Jersey) Limited 
(Director) 
 
 
 
 
 
Mr. Maarten Wetselaar 
Director & Chief 
Executive Officer 
01/01/2022 
SSE Plc 
 (Non-Executive Director) 
 
 
 
 
Mr. Ángel Corcóstegui 
Guraya 
Director 
01/02/2016(1) 
 
Magnum Industrial Partners, S.L.
(Founder Investor) 
 
Mr. Saeed Al Mazrouei   
Director 
13/11/2018(2) 
Abu Dhabi Investment Council 
(ADIC) 
(Managing Director and CEO) 
Abu Dhabi Commercial Bank 
(Director)

--- Page 98 ---
- 98 -
 
Name 
Title 
Date of first 
appointment 
Principal activities outside the 
Group 
Abu Dhabi Pension Fund 
(Director) 
 
 
 
 
 
Mr. Marwan Nijmeh 
         Director 
15/10/2019 
Abu Dhabi National Oil Company 
(ADNOC) 
(Chief Legal Officer)  
 
 
 
 
Mr. Abdulla Mohamed 
Shadid 
Director 
10/10/2023 
Mubadala Investment Company 
PJSC 
(Executive Director, Energy & 
Sustainability, Direct Investments) 
MIC Global Mining Ventures, S.L.  
(Director) 
 
 
 
 
Mr. Bob Maguire 
Director 
15/10/2019 
Carlyle International Energy 
Partners (CIEP) 
(Managing Director and Co-Head) 
Assala Energy UK Ltd. 
(Director) 
Mazarine Energy B.V. 
(Director) 
Neptune Energy Group Limited 
(Director) 
Flamingo (Jersey) Limited 
(Director) 
BSOG Holding Activity SRL 
(Director) 
CIEP Epoch NewCo 1 Ltd 
(Director) 
 
 
 
 
Mr. Gregory Nikodem 
Director 
01/02/2023 
The Carlyle Group Inc. 
(Managing Director) 
Nouryon Chemicals BV 
(Director) 
Asplundh Tree Expert LLC 
(Director) 
Sciens Building Solutions LLC 
(Director) 
 
 
 
 
Mr. Danny Dweik 
Director 
08/03/2024 
Mubadala Investment Company 
PJSC 
(Executive Director, Energy & 
Sustainability, Industrials & Business 
Services and Mubadala Performance 
Partners, Direct Investments ) 
NOVA Chemicals Corporation 
(Director) 
MIC Global Mining Ventures, S.L.  
(Chairman of the Board of Directors) 
Avramar Seafood Limited 
(Director)

--- Page 99 ---
- 99 -
 
Name 
Title 
Date of first 
appointment 
Principal activities outside the 
Group 
 
 
 
 
Mr. Jacob Schram  
Director 
27/10/2022 
Schanjem AS 
(Majority Owner) 
 
(1)  Reappointed on 15 October 2019. 
(2)  Reappointed on 15 October 2019. 
 
 
 
Management Committee  
The following table sets out the name and title of each member of the Management Committee (Comité de 
Dirección) of the Guarantor as well as all entities (other than the Guarantor’s subsidiaries, those family-
owned asset-holding companies not relevant to the Guarantor’s business and non-significant stakes in listed 
companies) in which the members of our Management Committee have been appointed as members of the 
administrative, management or supervisory bodies, in each case, as at the date of this Base Prospectus. 
 Name 
Title 
Principal activities outside the Group 
Mr. Maarten Wetselaar 
Director and Chief Executive 
Officer 
 
 
SSE plc 
(Non-Executive Director) 
-
 
 
 
Mr. Alex Archila 
 Executive Vice President – 
Exploration and Production 
— 
 
 
 
Mr. Antonio Joyanes  
 Executive Vice President – 
Energy Parks 
— 
 
Mr. José María Solana   
 
Executive Vice President – 
Chemicals  
 
— 
 
Mr. Pierre-Yves Sachet 
 
 Executive Vice President – 
Mobility & New Commerce  
 
__ 
 
 
Ms. Carmen de Pablo   
 
Chief Financial Officer and  
Executive Vice President –
Strategy and ESG  
 
__ 
 
 
 
 
Ms. Bettina Karsch  
 
 
 
Executive Vice President – 
Human Resources & 
Organization 
 
 
 
— 
 
Mr. Jörg Häring  
 
Chief Legal and Assurance 
Officer 
 
—

--- Page 100 ---
- 100 -
 
 Name 
Title 
Principal activities outside the Group 
 
Mr. Carlos Barrasa  
 
 Executive Vice President – 
Commercial and Clean 
Energies 
 
— 
 
Ms. Alice Acuña 
 
Executive Vice President – 
Trading 
 
 
 
Mr. José Manuel Martínez  
 
Executive Vice President – 
Technology, Projects and 
Services 
 
— 
 
 
 
Conflicts of Interest 
Pursuant to the terms of the Spanish Companies Act, the directors of the Guarantor are obliged to take the 
necessary measures to avoid their involvement in situations in which their interests, personal or from others, 
may conflict with the corporate interest and with their duties towards the Guarantor. 
Due to their positions as executives of the Mubadala Group or related entities (Mr. Ahmed Yahia, Mr. 
Abdulla Shadid, Mr. Saeed Al Mazrouei and Mr. Danny Dweik) or of ADNOC (Mr. Marwan Nijmeh), 
such directors may be involved, at any given time, in potential conflicts of interest of a transactional nature 
in connection with specific decisions to be taken by the Board of Directors of the Guarantor. 
Due to their positions as executives of the Carlyle Group, Mr. Marcel van Poecke, Mr. Bob Maguire and 
Mr. Gregory Nikodem may be involved, at any given time, in potential conflicts of interest of a transactional 
nature in connection with specific decisions to be taken by the Board of Directors of the Guarantor. 
In those specific cases, the relevant directors will have to refrain from deliberating or voting on resolutions 
or decisions in accordance with the Guarantor’s Articles of Association, Board of Directors Regulations 
and the terms of the Spanish Companies Act. To the best of the Guarantor’s knowledge, as at the date of 
this Base Prospectus, there are no other potential conflicts, and no actual conflicts, between the particular 
interests of the Guarantor’s directors and the members of the Guarantor’s senior management and the 
interests of the Guarantor.

--- Page 101 ---
- 101 -
 
INFORMATION ON THE GROUP 
Overview 
Since our inception as Spain’s first refining company in 1929, we have developed a highly-integrated 
business model with a global footprint across the entire energy sector. Our activities cover Energy Solutions 
(Energy Parks, Mobility & New Commerce, Commercial & Clean Energies and Trading), Exploration and 
Production, and Chemicals. With operations in more than 20 countries, we offer energy solutions to 
customers around the globe whilst remaining committed to our core values of safety and wellbeing of our 
team, customer care, sustainability, continuous improvement and entrepreneurship. 
History 
The Guarantor (the parent company of the Group) was established in 1929 under the name Compañía 
Española de Petróleos, S.A. as the first private oil company in Spain. Initially operating as a refining 
business, we expanded into the oil and gas exploration and production, marketing and petrochemicals 
businesses over the following decades, entering new markets in Europe, North Africa, Latin America and 
Southeast Asia. Through a combination of organic growth and strategic acquisitions, we transformed our 
group into a diversified energy company.  
Key events in our history and strategy include the following stages:  
Pure Refiner (1929-1970):  
 
In 1929, we established the first refinery in Spain. That same year, we signed our first agreements 
with distributors in Africa and Portugal. 
 
In 1969, we established the San Roque (Cádiz) refinery in southern Spain.  
Downstream Integration (1970-1992): Driven by the liberalisation of the Spanish energy market, we 
expanded our business towards downstream integration: 
 
In 1970, we launched our petrochemicals business. 
 
In 1980, we started our retail operations.  
 
In 1988, the Abu Dhabi sovereign wealth fund, International Petroleum Investment Company PJSC 
(“IPIC”), acquired 9.5% of our share capital. 
 
In 1991, we acquired the Palos (Huelva) refinery in southern Spain.  
The expansion of our operations into the retail business and our third refinery completed our downstream 
integration, through which we expanded our operations within Spain and into new markets.  
Oil and Gas Integration and Expansion (1992-2022):  
 
In 1992, we made our first oil discovery in Algeria at the RKF oil field, which initiated our expansion 
into the E&P business. 
 
In 1994, we made our second oil discovery in Algeria at the Ourhoud field and consolidated our 
position in the E&P business in Algeria. 
 
In 1994 and 2000, we expanded our petrochemicals business, launching LAB operations in Canada 
and Brazil, respectively.  
 
In 2001, we expanded our E&P activities into Latin America with our first project in Colombia. 
 
In 2008, we expanded our E&P assets in Colombia by acquiring the Caracara block, thereby 
consolidating our presence in Colombia.

--- Page 102 ---
- 102 -
 
 
In 2011, IPIC acquired, through a takeover offer, all of our issued share capital, becoming our sole 
shareholder at the time.  
 
In 2014, we acquired Coastal Energy Company (“Coastal Energy”), expanding our E&P activities 
into Thailand and Malaysia. 
 
In 2015, we commenced the operation of our phenol plant in Shanghai (China).  
 
In March 2016, we initiated a process to put in place our long-term strategy, “CEPSA 2030”.  
 
In January 2017, IPIC was merged with another Abu Dhabi entity, Mubadala Development Company 
PJSC (“MDC”), under a common parent company, MIC.  
 
In October 2017, we commenced the operation of our fatty-alcohols plant in Dumai (Indonesia). 
 
In 2016, we signed a global agreement with the Algerian government to extend our production rights 
over the RKF and Ourhoud oil fields by 25 and 10 years, respectively. The terms of the new RKF 
contract were agreed in January 2018 and published in the Official Gazette in October 2018. The 10-
year extension of our production rights over the Ourhoud field was granted in the global agreement 
and published in the Official Gazette in November 2019.  
 
In March 2018, a 40-year concession contract with Abu Dhabi National Oil Company (“ADNOC”) 
came into effect, acquiring a 20% stake in two world-class offshore blocks (SARB and Umm Lulu) 
in the territorial waters of Abu Dhabi (UAE). 
 
In April 2019, MIC reached an agreement with Carlyle for the sale of 30-40% of the shares in the 
Guarantor to Carlyle. On 15 October 2019, Matador Bidco, a full C-Corporation, managed and 
operated by its general partner and ultimate controlling entity, The Carlyle Group, Inc, acquired a 37% 
shareholding in the Guarantor. 
 
On 29 January 2020, our shareholders, MIC and Carlyle, agreed the transfer of an additional 1.5% of 
the share capital of the Guarantor from MIC to Carlyle, following which MIC and Carlyle hold 
indirectly 61.5% and 38.5% of the share capital of the Guarantor, respectively.  
 
On 21 December 2021, we signed a partnership agreement with Endesa, S.A. with the aim of 
accelerating energy transition in Spain and Portugal, promoting the decarbonisation of transport and 
fostering sustainable mobility. 
Energy Transformation – Positive Motion (2022 onwards) 
On 30 March 2022, we presented “Positive Motion”, a strategic plan designed to shape our energy transition 
in the coming years and which focuses on creating positive value, experiences and solutions in energy and 
mobility, offering our customers ways to tackle the decarbonisation challenge. Enabled by an ambitious 
investment plan, we aim to drive new energy transition technologies and offer customers new green 
products, making sustainability criteria a core component of our investment decisions. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, our main objectives are as follows: 
 
We aim to generate more than half our EBITDA for the relevant financial period from sustainable 
businesses by 2030. 
 
We aim to reduce our Scope 1 and 2 emissions by 55% and our Carbon Intensity Index (CII) by 
15%-20% by 2030. 
 
We aim to become a net zero emissions company by 2050 and to then go beyond it to reach net 
positive emissions. 
 
We aim to invest more than €8 billion to drive positive impact between 2023 and 2030 and we 
estimate more than 60% of this capex would qualify as sustainable under our criteria.

--- Page 103 ---
- 103 -
 
 
In March 2023, we published our Sustainability Plan, where we set additional ambitious targets 
with the aim of contributing to the achievement of the Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) of 
the UN’s 2030 Agenda. 
As part of our “Positive Motion” plan, the evolution of our business is based on four pillars: 
 
Spearhead the production and adoption of advanced second generation biofuels in our markets in 
order to accelerate the decarbonisation of transport: we aim to reach a biofuel production capacity 
of 2.5 million tons, including 0.8 million tons of sustainable aviation fuel (“SAF”), by 2030.    
 
Commitment to the development of green hydrogen as a fundamental energy source and low-
carbon alternative for hard-to-abate sectors such as industry and heavy transportation: we intend 
to lead the development of the green hydrogen industry in Spain, aiming to reach a production 
capacity equivalent to 2 GW by 2030.  
 
Development of the biggest sustainable mobility ecosystem in Spain and Portugal: we intend to 
install a leading network of ultra-rapid roadside charging stations and offer B2B customers an on-
the-go charging network and onsite charging solutions to facilitate the transition to sustainable 
mobility. 
 
Transformation of the refineries into diversified Energy Parks: These parks will focus on the 
development of green products that enable the decarbonisation of our productive processes and, 
in turn, help other sectors with their decarbonisation efforts. 
As part of this strategy, we have achieved the following milestones during 2022 and 2023: 
 
We began producing advanced biofuels at our energy park in Huelva. 
 
We formed alliances with a number of airlines, including Iberia, Iberia Express, Binter, Air Nostrum, 
Vueling, Tui, Etihad, WizzAir and Volotea to develop and produce sustainable aviation biofuels 
aimed at accelerating the decarbonisation of air travel. 
 
We agreed to work together with the port of Rotterdam to create the first green hydrogen corridor 
between Southern and Northern Europe, which will create a supply chain for green hydrogen between 
two major ports in Europe: Rotterdam and Algeciras. 
 
We launched the Andalusia Green Hydrogen Valley project, which involves the creation of two new 
green hydrogen generation plants with an expected total capacity of 2 GW at the energy parks in Palos 
de la Frontera (Huelva) and San Roque (Campo de Gibraltar, Cádiz). 
 
We reached an agreement with Endesa, S.A. to work together with the aim of developing an ultra-fast 
roadside charging network in Spain and Portugal. As at 31 December 2023, 35 Cepsa-branded electric 
ultra-fast chargers have already been installed at our service stations, with the aim of having 533 of 
our service stations equipped with these chargers by the end of 2025 and 1,035 chargers installed by 
the end of 2030. We also reached an agreement with Acciona, S.A. (“Acciona”) to conduct a pilot 
programme to develop a network of battery exchangers at our service stations for the electric vehicles 
manufactured by Silence, a subsidiary of the Acciona group. Through both partnerships, we will 
promote new models of sustainable road mobility. 
 
We commenced development of certain wholly-owned projects with an expected aggregate renewable 
capacity of 4,500 MW of which 1,000 MW have already been granted prior administrative 
authorisation.  
 
We commenced the dismantling of our refinery in Tenerife as a symbol of our energy transition. The 
dismantling of the refinery is linked to the creation of a new storage and distribution park in the port 
of Granadilla, where we already have an administrative concession, which we expect to commence in 
2025.

--- Page 104 ---
- 104 -
 
Description of our Business 
Overview 
We organise our business across three segments2: 
1. Energy 
Our Energy segment comprises our Energy Parks, Mobility & New Commerce, Commercial & Clean 
Energies and Trading businesses: 
Energy Parks 
Our Energy Parks business distils crude oil and other bio-based 
feedstocks (including advanced) and transforms them into refined and 
bio-based products for sale to market. As at the date of this Base 
Prospectus, our refining facilities in Spain have a total distillation 
capacity of approximately 489 thousand barrels per day (“Kbbl/d”). 
Through our two wholly-owned refineries with direct access to the 
Atlantic and the Mediterranean together with our 50% interest in the 
ASESA asphalt refinery in Tarragona, we supply both the domestic and 
international markets. 
Mobility & New Commerce 
Our Mobility & New Commerce business commercialises and offers road 
fuels, electric fast-charging solutions and convenience and food offering 
through our network of service stations in Spain, Portugal, Andorra, 
Gibraltar, Mexico and Morocco. As at 31 December 2023, we had 
approximately 1,887 service stations (including distributor-owned and -
operated service stations), which included 688 convenience stores or 
supermarket shops (excluding shops operated by distributors and not 
franchised by CEPSA) and 35 Cepsa-branded electric fast-charging 
chargers already installed, supporting our decarbonisation solutions. 
Commercial & Clean Energies 
Our Commercial & Clean Energies business is responsible for the 
traditional commercial businesses, conventional power generation and 
the production of renewable energy, including green electricity, green 
hydrogen and biofuels as well as for the supply of SAF and 
decarbonisation solutions for our clients. Our commercial activity 
engages in the wholesale distribution of refined petroleum products 
through various sales channels. We serve a variety of customer sectors, 
including wholesale, aviation, lubricants, asphalts and liquefied 
petroleum gas (“LPG”), as well as developing decarbonisation solutions 
for those same sectors. We are also active in electricity generation 
through our combined cycle gas turbine (“CCGT”) and combined heat 
and power (“CHP”) businesses. Our clean energies activity is also 
focused on the advanced biofuel production (including SAF) and green 
hydrogen production capacity to provide decarbonisation solutions to our 
customers and to also cater for our internal needs. 
Trading 
Our Trading business is responsible for securing the requisite externally-
sourced crude oil and feedstocks for the day-to-day requirements of the 
energy parks, the sale of the portion of crude production we are entitled 
to retain under our concession agreements (“equity crude”) and the sale 
of surplus refinery products to external customers. In addition, it is 
responsible for the bunkering business and natural gas supply to cater for 
our own needs across the Group as well as those of external customers. 
 
2  
In addition to these segments, Corporation is reported separately.

--- Page 105 ---
- 105 -
 
2. Exploration and Production 
Our Exploration and Production (“E&P”) segment engages in the exploration and development of oil and 
gas fields and the production of crude oil and natural gas. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, our E&P 
assets are located in North Africa and Latin America. Our E&P portfolio consists of 9 blocks in the 
exploration, development or production phases. As at 31 December 2023, our net entitlement production 
during the years ended 31 December 2023 and 31 December 2022 amounted to approximately 31 thousand 
barrels of oil equivalent per day (“kboe/d”) and 70 kboe/d, respectively, of which approximately 93% and 
97% represented crude oil in each year, respectively, with the remainder representing natural gas. As at 31 
December 2023, our total 1P and 2P net reserves equalled 75 million and 93 million barrels of oil equivalent 
(“MMboe”) respectively, with a significant upside in contingent resources.  
3. Chemicals 
 
Our Chemicals segment manufactures and markets basic chemical products and their derivatives. Our 
chemical operations span seven different countries (excluding commercial offices) and are organised as 
follows: our surfactants business line (consisting of linear alkylbenzene (“LAB”), linear alkylbenzene 
sulfonic acid (“LABSA”), n-paraffin as well as fatty alcohol products, including fatty alcohols, fatty acids, 
glycerin and fatty alcohol derivatives), our phenol business line (consisting of phenol, cumene, acetone and 
derivatives) and our solvents business line.  
Financial and operational overview 
The following table sets out certain financial information for the years ended 31 December 2023 and 2022, 
unless as otherwise specified: 
€ millions (unless otherwise stated) 
Year ended 31 December 
Variation (%) 
 
2023 
2022 
 
Revenues 
25,159 
33,446  
(25)% 
EBITDA(1) 
1,402 
2,939  
(52)% 
Energy Solutions(1) 
830 
828  
0% 
Chemicals (1) 
223 
382 
(42)% 
Exploration and Production (1) 
493 
1,868  
(74)% 
Corporation(1) 
(144) 
(139)  
(4)% 
Net Income(1) 
278 
790  
(65)% 
CCS adjustment after tax (replacement cost 
valuation) 
(276) 
357  
(177)% 
Non-recurring items after tax (2) 
(235) 
(47)  
(399)% 
Net income (IFRS) 
(233) 
1,100  
(121)% 
Net debt(3) 
2,291 
2,756  
(17)% 
Total Liquidity(3) 
4,359 
4,023 
8% 
Note: 2023 figures do not include Abu Dhabi assets after 15 March 2023. See “—Exploration and Production—Overview” for more information.  
(1) Figures are on a Clean current cost supply (“CCS”) basis (excluding the effect of extraordinary items and inventories). 
(2) Non-recurring items include, among other charges, the charge of €323 million related to the extraordinary tax imposed to energy companies in Spain and charges inventory

--- Page 106 ---
- 106 -
 
valuations. 
(3) As at the date of the end of the relevant financial period. 
The following table sets out certain operational information for the years ended 31 December 2023 and 
2022: 
 
Year ended 31 December 
Variation (%) 
 
2023 
2022 
 
Refining Output (mton) 
20.3 
20.7 
(2)% 
Refining utilisation (%) 
90% 
92% 
(2)% 
Bios installed capacity (kt/y)(1) 
733 
705 
4% 
Commercial product sales (mton) 
17.0 
17.7 
(4)% 
Electricity production (GWh) 
2,385 
2,896 
(18)% 
Natural gas sales (GWh) 
27,520 
25,468 
8% 
Chemical product sales (kton) 
2,125 
2,493 
(15)% 
Working Interest Crude 
Production (kbopd) 
42.1 
82.8 
(49)% 
Realised crude price ($/bbl) 
80.9 
97.7 
(19)% 
Crude oil sales (million bbl) 
8.3 
22.3 
(63)% 
(1) As at the date of the end of the relevant financial period. 
Energy Solutions 
Energy Parks 
Our Energy Parks business distils crude oil and other bio-based feedstocks (including advanced) and 
transforms them into refined and bio-based products for sale to market. Our refineries are highly integrated 
with our other business units and segments, providing, among other products, fuels, LPG, lubricants and 
biofuels to our Commercial & Clean Energies unit, and feedstock for our Chemicals segment, which 
enables us to pursue operational efficiencies and optimise margins across the value chain; we also sell 
certain refined products to other oil companies and companies in the chemicals industry. Following a 
number of regulatory changes in recent years, our efforts with respect to our assets have been focused on 
enhancing our capacity in bio co-processing activity and production of sustainable products such as 
hydrotreated vegetable oil (“HVO”) and SAF, improving our logistic infrastructures, reducing our carbon 
footprint and water consumption and continuing our safety improvements and our culture transformation. 
We own and operate two energy parks in Spain (the San Roque refinery in Cádiz and the Palos refinery in 
Huelva) which, together with our 50% interest in the ASESA asphalt refinery in Tarragona, accounted for 
approximately 30% of the total refining capacity in Spain as at 31 December 2023, making us the second 
largest refiner in Spain in terms of total refining production capacity as at that date (source: AOP 
(Asociación Española de Productos Petrolíferos)), and from which we supply the Spanish and international 
markets.  
The San Roque (Cádiz) energy park, which had a capacity of approximately 252 Kbbl/d, is our most 
complex refinery, with a Nelson Complexity Index (“NCI”) rating of 9.3 and a middle distillate yield of 
approximately 50.3% (by weight) as at 31 December 2023. The NCI is a methodology used to measure the 
secondary conversion capacity of a refinery relative to the primary distillation capacity, assigning a 
complexity factor to each major refinery unit based on its cost and complexity in comparison with crude 
distillation, which is given a complexity factor of 1.0. These complexity factors take into account not only 
the relative cost of a refinery unit but also its value-accretion potential.

--- Page 107 ---
- 107 -
 
The La Rabida (Huelva) energy park, which had a capacity of approximately 222 Kbbl/d, has an NCI rating 
of 8.6 and a middle distillate yield of approximately 59.9% (by weight) as at 31 December 2023.  
We also have a 50% interest in the ASESA asphalt refinery in Tarragona, Spain (with the remaining 50% 
interest being held by Repsol), which had a total refining production capacity of approximately 28 Kbbl/d 
as at 31 December 2023. The evolution of our operations in the Canary Islands involves two projects: (i) 
the ongoing dismantling of our refinery in Tenerife and (ii) the subsequent creation of a new storage and 
distribution park logistics terminal in the port of Granadilla in Tenerife, which is due to commence in 2025. 
We also have other storage units located around Spain, the majority of which we lease under a storage and 
distribution contract with Exolum Corporation, S. A. (former Compañía Logística de Hidrocarburos). As 
at 31 December 2023, our refineries had a total crude distillation capacity of approximately 489 Kbbl/d, 
the same capacity as at 31 December 2022.  
As part of the transformation of our energy parks, the vegetable oil co-processing capacity has been 
increased and had a capacity of 368 thousands of tonnes per year (“Kt/y”) of HVO production as at 31 
December 2023. In 2023, we finished the process of adapting the Gulfinishing unit in La Rabida Energy 
Park for the production of 44 Kt/y of SAF and HVO. However, at the date of this Base Prospectus, the 
second phase of this project is still pending and which is focused on improving the operation in order to 
facilitate a higher gas recovery rate in the unit. The second phase is expected to be completed in first half 
of 2024. 
The following table sets out certain operational information regarding our Energy Parks business activity 
for the periods indicated, including our 50% interest in the ASESA asphalt refinery in Tarragona (Spain) 
for the years ended 31 December 2023 and 2022: 
Year ended 31 December 
 
2023 
2022 
Refining margin (U.S.$/bbl)
.....................................................................................................
10.0 
9.6 
Distillation production (Mt)
.....................................................................................................
20.3 
20.7 
Total capacity (Kbbl/d)(1)
.....................................................................................................
489 
489 
Average utilisation rate (%)
.....................................................................................................
90 
92 
(1) As at the date of the end of the relevant financial period. 
For the year ended 31 December 2023, our total refinery production of Gas Oil was 8.5 Mt; Fuel Oil, 2.5 
Mt; Gasoline, 2.8 Mt; Kerosene/Jet fuel, 2.6 Mt; Naphtha, 1.2 Mt; LPG, 0.5 Mt; and other products 
(including asphalts, aromatics and lubricants), 2.2 Mt. 
Mobility & New Commerce 
As at 31 December 2023, we had 1,887 service stations (including distributor owned and operated service 
stations), supported by a strong non-fuel offering through the operation of 688 forecourt shops and 
convenience stores (including 433 Carrefour Express stores) in our service stations (excluding shops 
operated by distributors and not franchised by the Guarantor). In 2023, we had the second largest network 
in Spain by number of service stations, with a 11.7% market share (source: CORES).  
We sell CEPSA-branded fuel through our network of service stations in the Iberian Peninsula, Canary 
Islands and Morocco (including distributor owned and operated service stations) for both passenger cars 
and the professional segment, such as heavy goods vehicles. 
We also have loyalty programmes with partnerships with a range of brands, and as at 31 December 2023, 
we had 2 million active loyal customers, of which 1.9 million were private customer cards and 112 thousand 
were professional cards used by vocational drivers (such as heavy goods vehicle drivers).

--- Page 108 ---
- 108 -
 
We pursue a multi-focus strategy for service station ownership and operations, classifying our network into 
four categories:  
 
Company-owned, Company-operated (“CoCo”) sites, typically located on high density 
roads and in cities, comprised approximately 19% of our portfolio as at 31 December 
2023;  
 
Company-owned, Distributor-operated (“CoDo”) sites, typically located on secondary 
roads and in towns. CoDos are operated pursuant to industry lease agreements, which 
typically have a term of five years, comprised approximately 25% of our portfolio as at 
31 December 2023;  
 
Distributor-owned, Company-operated (“DoCo”) sites, typically located on toll 
motorways and in cities. DoCos are operated pursuant to lease agreements, which 
typically have a term of 10 years, extendable at our request; comprised approximately 
16% of our portfolio as at 31 December 2023; and  
 
Distributor-owned, Distributor-operated (“DoDo”) sites, typically located on secondary 
roads and in urban areas. DoDos are operated pursuant to exclusive supply agreements, 
which typically have a term of three years, although distributors may terminate the 
agreement each year, comprised approximately 40% of our portfolio as at 31 December 
2023. 
In recent years, we have also focused on improving the non-fuel offering of our service stations, mainly the 
operation of convenience stores, car wash services and other non-oil business.  
The following table sets out certain operational information regarding the Mobility & New Commerce 
business for the years ended 31 December 2023 and 2022: 
 
As at 31 December
2023 
2022 
Service stations(1) (number)
 .......................................................................................................  
 
1,887 
1,842 
Spain
.......................................................................................................
 
1,514 
1,480 
Portugal
.......................................................................................................
 
255 
256 
Andorra
.......................................................................................................
 
15 
15 
Gibraltar
.......................................................................................................
 
6 
6 
Morocco
.......................................................................................................
 
74 
53 
Mexico
.......................................................................................................
 
23 
32 
Consolidated sales volume (Kt) (2)
.......................................................................................................
 
3,667 
3,107 
Forecourt shops and convenience stores (number) (3)
 .......................................................................................................  
 
688 
573 
Spain
................................................................................................
 
616 
510 
Portugal
................................................................................................
 
72 
73 
(1) 
Includes service stations owned and/or operated by distributors. 
(2) 
Consolidated sales include Spain, Portugal, Mexico, and Andorra. 
(3) 
Excludes shops operated by distributors and not franchised by us. 
 
Furthermore, in line with our “Positive Motion” strategic plan and the evolution of our business, we have 
also started to develop a sustainable mobility ecosystem in Spain and Portugal through, among other things, 
the installation of a leading network of ultra-rapid roadside charging stations as well as offering B2B 
customers an on-the-go charging network and onsite charging solutions to facilitate the transition to 
sustainable mobility. For more information see “—Energy Transformation (2022 onwards)”.

--- Page 109 ---
- 109 -
 
 
Additionally, as at 31 December 2023, 592 of our service stations in Spain and Portugal have operational 
solar panels in line with our aim to have 875 service stations supplied with sustainable energy by 2026. In 
order to promote electric mobility, we have entered into a strategic alliance with Endesa with the objective 
of creating the largest electric mobility ecosystem in Spain and Portugal through an ultra-fast road charging 
network, which is to include at least one 150 kWh charger for every 200 kilometres on the main roads. 
 
On 23 October 2023, we reached an agreement with Ballenoil to acquire its low-cost network, which, as at 
the date of this Base Prospectus, is made up of more than 220 establishments in Spain. Through this 
transaction, which, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, remains subject to the approval by the relevant 
competent authorities, we intend to expand our service station business, which will include over 2,000 
service stations in the Iberian market upon completion of this transaction. Ballenoil will become our low-
cost brand and our intention is to maintain the Ballenoil brand, its business model and current structure. In 
line with our “Positive Motion” strategy, we intend to progressively reinforce the offer of electric 
recharging points and incorporate the sale of biofuels at the Ballenoil service stations. 
Commercial & Clean Energies 
Our Commercial & Clean Energies business is responsible for the traditional commercial businesses, 
conventional power generation and the production of renewable energy, including green electricity, green 
hydrogen and biofuels, and the supply of SAF and decarbonisation solutions for our clients. 
Our commercial activity engages in the wholesale distribution of refined petroleum products through 
various sales channels, including our domestic and international network of agents and distributors. We 
serve a variety of customer sectors, including wholesale, aviation, lubricants, asphalts and LPG, as well as 
developing decarbonisation solutions for those same sectors.  
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, we operate through 31 gasoil warehouses, two lubricant plants, eight 
asphalt storage units (two through lease contracts), nine LPG storage and bottling plants, one biofuel plant, 
eleven airport, bunker and storage facilities, operating in more than 30 airports. 
Our clean energies activity is focused on the development of new renewable capacity (PV) and on-shore 
wind), advanced biofuel production (including SAF) and green hydrogen production capacity to provide 
decarbonisation solutions to our customers and to also cater for our internal needs. 
Wholesale 
Our wholesale division involves the sale of motor and other fuels in bulk to final customers, mainly in 
Spain and Portugal. Our products include diesel (automotive, agricultural, heating and electrical), gasoline 
and fuel oil as well as Biofuels. Our main customers include final bulk customers (transport fleets, 
residential associations and cooperatives), unbranded networks, fishing ports and operators who are 
authorised under the relevant Spanish regulations to engage in the wholesale distribution of fuels and 
petroleum fuels. 
Aviation 
Our aviation division consists of providing jet fuel services to a wide range of clients, including airline 
companies, resellers, air forces, and various other operators. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, we have 
presence in all main Spanish airports as well as two military air bases and sell aviation fuel to the ten largest 
airline companies operating in Spain, including, among other airlines, IAG (the holding company of Iberia 
Airlines and British Airways). Furthermore, we also provide total fueling services to our clients with our 
into-plane companies that operate in different airports in Spain: CEPSA-SIS in Madrid and CAV and CMD 
(through a joint venture) in the Canary Islands.  
During 2023, we commenced the production and supply of SAF to customers. We have a dedicated sales 
team which ensures the development of a commercial strategy for SAF, analysing market trends as well as 
the impact of new regulations which will come into force. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, SAF is 
available in five major Spanish airports. Our intention is to continue to expand to further locations during

--- Page 110 ---
- 110 -
 
2024. Our customer are mainly commercial airlines operating in Spanish airports as well as other 
international customers seeking overseas deliveries.  
Asphalt 
Our asphalt division is involved in both primary and secondary distribution of bitumen in Spain, France 
and Portugal. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, our asphalt division operates six plants located on the 
Iberian Peninsula, as well as our Palos (Huelva) Energy Park and the ASESA refinery, which provide a 
platform for exporting asphalt to North and West Africa. Our principal customers for asphalt include large 
Spanish, French and Portuguese construction companies, as well as exports to local producers and 
international traders. 
Lubricants 
Our lubricants division produces, blends, packages, stores and sells several oil products. We produce our 
lubricants in the San Roque (Cádiz) blending plant and coolants in the Paterna plant (Comunidad 
Valenciana). Our product portfolio includes base oils (which are sold to external customers engaging in the 
production of lubricants and rubber), lubricants (which are sold to external customers in the automotive, 
marine and industrial sectors), paraffin (used in the production of foodstuff packaging as well as in the 
healthcare and pharmaceutical industries) and blending services to third parties. 
LPG 
Our LPG division includes the sale of butane, propane and automotive LPG in Spain and Portugal. During 
the year ended 31 December 2023, we had over 3.6 million bottled LPG customers. In Portugal, the sale 
price of bottled LPG is unregulated. In Spain, the sale price for bottled LPG is regulated for bottles weighing 
more than 11 kilograms, but due to our bottles weighing less than this threshold, the sales price for our 
bottled LPG is not regulated (except in Ceuta and Melilla). 
Power & Renewables  
We have dedicated power plants located near our main production centres in Palos (Huelva) and San Roque 
(Algeciras) to ensure reliable supplies of electricity and steam for our operations, including, as at the date 
of this Base Prospectus, seven high-efficiency cogeneration plants and one combined cycle gas turbine 
(“CCGT”). As at 31 December 2023, our total power generation capacity amounted to approximately 672 
MW, of which 282 MW related to our cogeneration plants, 390 MW related to our CCGT plant, which also 
supplies steam to our San Roque Refinery and power to the market, and 29 MW related to our wind farm 
in Jerez de la Frontera (Cádiz). During the years ended 31 December 2023 and 31 December 2022, our total 
power sales reached 2.6 terawatt hour (“TWh”) and 2.3 TWh, respectively.  
Solar photovoltaic and on-shore wind projects 
At the date of this Base Prospectus, we own and operate a 29 MW wind farm, and as part of our “Positive 
Motion” strategy, we aim to develop a renewable capacity pipeline by 2030. As at the date of this Base 
Prospectus, our current portfolio in the development phase includes projects with 2 GW of grid connection. 
We have received a positive environmental assessment for 1 GW and are close to the construction phase. 
Biofuels 
Our biofuels division produces different types of biofuels using different renewable feedstocks, including 
vegetable oils, used cooking oils and residual waste. As at 31 December 2023, we owned a total production 
capacity of 733 kt of biofuel. 
On 23 February 2024, we signed an agreement with the Apical Group to create a joint venture to build a 
500 kt advanced biofuels production plant, with a flexible configuration that will produce SAF or HVO. 
This project is the first of a number of biofuel projects we intend to undertake, with the objective of 
exceeding 2.5mtpa capacity by 2030.

--- Page 111 ---
- 111 -
 
Hydrogen 
Our hydrogen division develops renewable hydrogen projects with the objective of reaching 2 GW 
electrolysis equivalent capacity by 2030 and contribute to the decarbonisation of our own consumption. We 
also intend to offer a full range of solutions (including green hydrogen, green ammonia and green methanol) 
to our customers in the industry, road transport and maritime sectors. 
The following table sets out certain operational information for the Commercial & Clean Energies business 
for the years ended 31 December 2023 and 2022:  
 
Year ended 31 December 
Variation (%) 
 
2023 
2022 
 
Bios installed capacity (kt/y)(1) 
733 
705 
4% 
Electricity production (GWh) 
2,385 
2,896 
(18)% 
Natural gas sales (GWh) 
27,520 
25,468 
8% 
(1) As at the date of the end of the relevant financial period. 
Trading  
Our Trading business is responsible for securing the requisite externally-sourced crude oil and feedstocks 
for our day-to-day requirements of the refining complexes and future biofuel feedstock needs as well as the 
sale of surplus refined petroleum products to external customers to the extent not sold through any of our 
other business units. Such external customers principally include international companies, including large 
corporations with refining and trading activities, refineries, traders as well as local distributors in certain 
countries. We also manage the sales of the crude oil we extract, supply our Energy Solutions segment with 
externally-sourced crude oil and feedstocks and engage in asset-backed proprietary trading activities in 
crude oil and intermediary products. In addition, we are responsible for our bunkering business and natural 
gas supply to our own needs as well as those of external customers. 
Furthermore, the incremental income from our trading business contributes to the funds we require to be 
able to deliver our energy transition. 
Crude and products 
Our crude & products business sources oil required by our production facilities and markets the products 
internationally. It also coordinates product supply activities with the Energy Parks and Commercial & Clean 
Energies businesses, including the supply of biofuels.  
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, we import crude oil from 16 different countries, the majority of 
which is sourced from West Africa and the Arabian Gulf. During the year ended 31 December 2023, we 
supplied approximately 145 MMbbl of crude oil to our refineries, of which approximately 1.4% was 
sourced from our E&P segment. During the year ended 31 December 2023, we supplied a total of 2.7 
million Mt of products to our business units (principally to our Energy Parks and terminals) and exported 
a total of 5 million Mt of our refined products to external customers. Apart from the crude oil supplied to 
our Energy Parks, we do not sell crude oil to the Spanish domestic market. 
Additionally, during the year ended 31 December 2023, our trading business marketed 6 MMbbl from our 
E&P segment and undertook trading activities on its own account for a volume of 35 MMbbl of crude oil 
and 0.5 million Mt of products. 
Bunker 
Bunkering is the supply of fuel oil for use by ships in a seaport as well as offshore. As at the date of this 
Base Prospectus, we have been active in the bunker market for over 80 years and we currently supply 
bunker fuels at the main Spanish ports (mainly in the Strait of Gibraltar and the Canary Islands). In 2023, 
we had a market share in Spain of 40.8% (source: Puertos del Estado).

--- Page 112 ---
- 112 -
 
Gas supply and logistics 
Our gas and logistics business accesses the wholesale energy, gas and carbon markets. During the year 
ended 31 December 2023, we sourced approximately 26.9 TWh of natural gas, of which approximately 55% 
was supplied through the Medgaz pipeline, which transports natural gas from Beni Saf on the Algerian 
coast to Almeria in Spain, with the remainder of our requirements being supplied by liquefied natural gas 
(“LNG”) cargo ships.  
As part of the agreement between MIC and Carlyle for the acquisition of shares of the Guarantor, the 
Guarantor distributed its 42% stake in Medgaz to Mubadala as a dividend-in-kind. Commercial operations 
remain unaffected and the Guarantor maintains the annual transport right of 1.6 billion m3  of natural gas, 
which, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, represents 20% of the gas pipeline capacity pursuant to our 
long-term “ship-or-pay” agreement. 
Exploration and Production 
Overview 
Our E&P segment engages in the exploration and development of oil and gas fields and the production of 
crude oil and natural gas.  
In 2023, we sold our E&P business in the United Arab Emirates through two transactions. We transferred 
our 20% stake in the Satah Al Razboot, Umm Lulu, Bin Nasher and Al Bateel concession to an affiliate of 
TotalEnergies and we transferred our 12.88% indirect interest in the Mubarraz concession to an affiliate of 
Cosmo Energy. The effective date of both transactions was 1 January 2023. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, our E&P operations spans four countries across North Africa and 
Latin America, where we operate in onshore and partner in deepwater exploration. We participate in 
consortiums and joint ventures with other companies in 9 oil and/or gas producing licenses. We are operator 
of 3 of these blocks. In addition, we participate in 3 blocks in Mexico which are currently in 
liquidation/relinquishment phase. 
We mainly enter into long-term concession agreements or production-sharing contracts with governmental 
authorities or state-owned oil companies, either solely or jointly with other companies. During the twelve-
month periods ended 31 December 2023 and 2022, our daily net entitlement production reached 31kboe/d 
and 70 kboe/d, respectively, of which approximately 93% and 97% represented crude oil, respectively, with 
the remainder representing natural gas.  
During the year ended 31 December 2023, approximately 52% of our hydrocarbon production was 
produced through our Algerian assets, while our assets in Latin America represented 26% and 29% through 
our assets in Abu Dhabi (which production is only considered until 15 March 2023). 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, our exploration activities are concentrated in Suriname and consist 
primarily of offshore geological and geophysical studies (including seismic surveys) and exploration and 
appraisal drilling.  
The table below sets out certain operational information regarding the E&P segment for the years ended 31 
December 2023 and 2022:  
 
Year ended 31 December 
2023(1) 
2022(1) 
Net Entitlement Production (MMboe)
11 
25
Oil (%)
93% 
97%
Gas (%
7% 
3%
 
Working Interest Production (MMboe)
15 
31
Oil (%)
95% 
97%
Gas (%)
5% 
3%

--- Page 113 ---
- 113 -
 
Year ended 31 December 
2023(1) 
2022(1) 
 
1P Net Entitlement Reserves (MMboe)
75 
255 
Oil (%)
79% 
94% 
LPG (%)
19% 
5% 
Gas (%)
3% 
1% 
1P Reserves—Production Ratio (years) 
7  
10 
 
 
2P Net Entitlement Reserves (MMboe
93 
364 
Oil (%)
79% 
94% 
LPG (%
18% 
5% 
  Gas (%)
3% 
1% 
2P Reserves—Production Ratio (years) 
8(2)
14
 _________________  
Notes:2023 figures only include Abu Dhabi assets for both production and reserves until 15 March 2023.  
(1) As per internal reserves exercise for the relevant periods using the criteria established by SPE-PRMS. For an explanation of 
certain terms relating to hydrocarbon reserves and resources estimates, see “Important Notices—Presentation of Hydrocarbon 
Data”. 
(2) 2023 production does not include RKF due to it being shut for inspection and maintenance (“Fit to Operate” project). Ratio is 
calculated taking this into consideration. 
 
North Africa 
We have had an E&P presence in North Africa for over 30 years. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, 
our holdings currently include three oil fields and one gas field under production, all of which are based in 
Algeria.  
In 2019, we executed a 10-year extension of the Ourhoud field, which was in force as of end of 2019.  
Latin America  
We have had an E&P presence in Latin America for over 20 years, specifically in Colombia, Peru and 
Suriname. Our Colombia and Peru operations are focused on onshore oil exploration, production and 
development, while our Suriname operations are focused on offshore oil exploration. On 2 February 2024, 
we reached an agreement for the sale of our Colombian assets with CEDCO LLC, which, as at the date of 
this Base Prospectus, remains subject to customary conditions precedent and regulatory approval. As at the 
date of this Base Prospectus, we are also running a divestment process for certain of our operations in Latin 
America.  
In 2022, a discovery was made in Block 53 – Suriname, which represents a milestone in our history, as it 
is the first discovery in deep water. 
Chemicals 
Our Chemicals segment comprises a large global chemical platform with operations, as at the date of this 
Base Prospectus, spanning seven different countries (excluding commercial offices). We manufacture and 
market basic chemical products and their derivatives that have a multitude of applications, including the 
production of detergents and personal care products, as well as the manufacture of resins, electronic 
components, insecticides, synthetic fibres, pharmaceutical products, and solvents. 
Our Chemicals segment consists of three main business lines: surfactants, phenol and derivatives and 
solvents.  
During the year ended 31 December 2023, it is estimated that 77% of our chemicals production was 
processed from feedstock provided by our Energy Parks, with the remaining balance being purchased from 
external sources through our trading business.

--- Page 114 ---
- 114 -
 
Surfactants 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, our surfactant plants are located in Spain, Canada, Brazil, Germany 
and Indonesia and produce a wide range of products including, among others, n-paraffin, LAB, LABSA, 
fatty alcohols, fatty acids, glycerin and fatty alcohol derivatives. Additionally, we have a 30% interest in a 
sulfation company, CSChem Limited, which has plants in Nigeria.  
For the year ended 31 December 2022, we had the highest LAB production capacity globally (source: Colin 
A. Houston & Associates) and the second highest phenol production capacity globally (source: IHS Markit); 
Phenol and derivatives 
We manufacture phenol, cumene and acetone and their derivatives. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, 
our phenol plants are located in Spain and China (where we hold a 75% stake) and produce a wide range 
of products including phenol, acetone, cumene and their derivatives. Phenol and acetone can be used to 
make a range of synthetic compounds, which, in turn, are used in electronic devices, engineering plastics, 
resins and coatings, among other uses. Of these synthetic compounds, our market focus is on bisphenol A, 
which is used to produce polycarbonates and epoxy resins.  
Solvents 
We sell a variety of products produced in part by our Energy Parks segment, including oxygenated 
compounds, aromatics, aliphatics and white spirits, as well as the production of dearomatised solvents. As 
at the date of this Base Prospectus, our solvents are produced in our San Roque (Cádiz) and Palos (Huelva) 
Energy Parks and we are the leading producer of solvents in terms of volume in the Iberian Peninsula 
(Source: internal management estimate). Our Petrochemicals segment also produces dearomatised solvents 
at our Puente Mayorga plant located near our San Roque (Cádiz) refinery. In addition, we have distribution 
businesses in the United Kingdom and Italy. 
The table set out below shows our Chemicals segment sales volumes for the years ended 31 December 2023 
and 2022: 
Year ended 31 December 
2023 
2022 
Surfactants (kt) (1)
..................................................................................................
611 
663 
Phenols and derivatives (kt)
..................................................................................................
1,083 
1,307 
Solvents (kt)
 .................................................................................................. 
430 
521 
Total sales volumes (Mt)
..................................................................................................
2.1 
2.5 
 _________________  
(1) 
Excludes alcohol sales (this business line is accounted for using the equity method). 
 
Technology and Engineering 
As part of our focus on increasing competitiveness, optimising our processes and improving the efficiency 
and quality of our products, we have a dedicated technology division responsible for our research and 
development activities (led by a team composed of approximately 170 professionals focused on technology 
research and development for the implementation of new catalysts, processes and products aimed at 
assuring that we use state-of-the-art oil and gas technologies), and execution of new projects (led by the 
project management team composed of approximately 150 engineers who are responsible for the critical 
decisions of our project execution processes, managing all engineering, procurement and construction 
decisions).

--- Page 115 ---
- 115 -
 
In 2019, the IPA (Independent Project Analysis) organisation carried out an audit and benchmarking 
exercise, and we were ranked in the top quartile for project execution practices in the oil and gas industry. 
The division dedicates an average of 400,000 hours per year to project supervision across engineering, 
project management and construction activities and, in the two years prior to the date of this Base 
Prospectus, we have successfully implemented approximately 90 new projects across our production 
facilities.  
Health, Safety, Environmental Protection and Quality (HSEQ) 
We are subject to a broad range of laws and regulations with respect to the environment and health and 
safety in the countries in which we operate. In addition to laws and regulations, there is also an increasingly 
high expectation and demand from society and the marketplace to improve health, safety, environmental 
protection, and quality (“HSEQ”) standards. We view occupational health, workplace safety, process 
safety, asset integrity and environmental protection as essential for all our operations and we manage these 
matters through a comprehensive policy that addresses individuals and operations and products. This 
involves a commitment as part of our day-to-day activities, risk analysis and process and product change 
management, in addition to the involvement of all our employees in their prevention.  
Wherever we operate, we seek to decrease risks by reducing accident rates and possible consequences to a 
minimum. This involves ensuring that facilities are well designed, safely run and appropriately maintained. 
We address all these aspects in our HSEQ policy with a special emphasis on training as a means of 
improving health and safety. 
Environmental Matters 
Our efforts in respect of certain environmental issues include, among other things, an audit of the impact 
of our businesses, products and services on the environment through the use of an integrated Environmental 
Management System (“EMS”) and the disclosure of our environmental impact under the Carbon Disclosure 
Project. We also actively measure and manage our energy and water consumption, GHG and atmospheric 
emissions, and the waste produced by our operations. We have also implemented measures to protect the 
marine environment, in accordance with our pollution prevention strategy, and aim to protect biodiversity 
and minimise our impact on the environment (projects we are planning on developing being preceded by 
environmental impact and risk assessment studies). Lastly, we have embraced process safety as an 
overarching policy in respect of our employees, customers and the environment. Within each of our 
business segments, we set targets and minimum compliance criteria for all of our employees, enabling us 
to meet our commitments under our HSEQ policy.  
Research and Development 
Our innovation department is divided into several divisions: (i) a research and development (“R&D”) centre 
dedicated to lab scale research, (ii) a technology development and real scale prototyping team dedicated to 
the management of innovative prototypes, (iii) a technology and innovation management process and (iv) 
an advanced lab and analytical services team. The objective of the innovation department is to position us 
as a pioneer and leader in technological innovation in the energy sector. Through our innovation 
department, we aim to develop new technologies to increase our business value, and also identify, analyse 
and implement the most advanced technologies to improve our existing projects and uncover new business 
opportunities. In addition, we conduct in depth analyses, evaluations and preparation of our economic 
models with respect to, among others, our joint ventures and M&A projects, and also analyse third-party 
technological solutions and their possible implementation in our processes and operations.  
Sustainability 
We want to play a positive role in accelerating the energy transition, transforming our company and our 
sector, as well as society and the economy as a whole. The application of environmental, social and 
governance (“ESG”) criteria is present in our strategy, processes and decisions. We structure our holistic 
approach to sustainability around eight pillars that are material to us and our stakeholders: talent, climate, 
circular economy, environment, safety and health, ethics and human rights, supply chain and local 
communities. In March 2023, we published our Sustainability Plan, designed to drive a positive impact 
through our commitments in those while progressing in the implementation of our strategy. As we advance

--- Page 116 ---
- 116 -
 
towards achieving our commitments, we are constantly assessing more ambitious goals and monitoring the 
expectations of our stakeholders. Employees, Diversity and Culture 
We pursue a defined strategy with respect to our employees promoting an integrated culture, embracing 
diversity in all its dimensions and enhancing diverse talent in the organisation. In accordance with our 
values, culture and strategy, we also seek to provide continuous training to our professionals based on job 
requirements and leadership needs, managing their career development, individually evaluating their 
performance and measuring and creating an optimal work environment at all our offices and units.  
As at 31 December 2023, we had 10,865 employees.  
Legal Proceedings 
At any given time, the Guarantor and its subsidiaries may be party to litigation or subject to non-litigated 
claims arising out of the normal operations of our global business. The material legal proceedings 
outstanding or categories thereof as of the date of this Base Prospectus are described below. These are 
classified into: (i) civil proceedings; (ii) criminal proceedings; (iii) tax proceedings and (iv) employment 
proceedings.   
If any of our material legal proceedings are not resolved in our favour, it may have a material adverse effect 
on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. See “Risk Factors—We are 
exposed to litigation and arbitration”. 
Civil Proceedings 
For the year ended 31 December 2023, accrued provisions related to civil proceedings amounted to €21.8 
million. A brief description of the material civil proceedings to which the Guarantor and/or certain of its 
subsidiaries is a party is provided below: 
Disputes relating to Cepsa Comercial Petróleo, S.A.U. 
The following civil proceedings were initiated against the Guarantor’s wholly-owned subsidiary, Cepsa 
Comercial Petróleo, S.A.U. (“CCP”) in connection with our gas service stations. As at the date of this Base 
Prospectus, the total damages claimed in those civil proceedings where specific compensation for damages 
has been requested in connection with our gas service stations amounts to €54.3 million.  
Several owners (of either the property or the service station) and/or operators of service stations have filed 
lawsuits against CCP in Spain. The plaintiffs request that their contractual relationships with CCP be 
rendered null and void, alleging breach of competition rules, and seek compensatory damages, in some 
cases for an unspecified amount. There are currently three open legal proceedings of this type filed by 
service station operators (two which do not provide a figure for damages) and thirteen filed by property 
owners. 
Out of the three lawsuits filed by service station operators, CCP obtained a favourable judgment in the first 
instance and at appeal in two cases, which are currently subject to judgement by the Supreme Court. The 
last one case remains outstanding in the first instance.  
Out of the thirteen lawsuits filed by property owners:  
(i) 
the Provincial court handed down a decision in three cases, which: a) declares the 
contractual relationships null and void from 1 January 2002; and b) rejects the remaining 
claims, including the compensation sought (meaning that the plaintiffs will need to open 
a new proceeding for financial settlement). As at the date of this Base Prospectus, all 
three are pending a decision from the Supreme Court. 
(ii) 
the court of first instance handed down a judgment in four cases in line with the decision 
from the Provincial court described in (i) above. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, 
all four are either pending a decision from the Provincial court or awaiting a response in 
relation to a request for clarification of the decision issued by the court of first instance.

--- Page 117 ---
- 117 -
 
(iii) 
the remaining six cases are pending judgment from the court of first instance (one of 
which filed a lawsuit against CCP for financial settlement based on the decision from the 
Provincial court which declared the contractual relationship null and void since 1 January 
2002 and another of which has requested financial settlement on the same basis). 
In January 2020, a claim was brought against CCP in the court of first instance of Santa Cruz de Tenerife 
for breach of contract, claiming damages of approximately €5 million, for the non-construction of a service 
station. CCP, in turn, filed a motion to strike for lack of jurisdiction, given that this contract was submitted 
to arbitration proceedings. In July 2020, our motion to strike was accepted by the court. However, in 
December 2021, the plaintiffs appealed the decision and the court decided that the case should continue in 
the court of first instance of Santa Cruz. In February 2022, CCP filed its arguments. In December 2023, the 
court first instance issued its judgment, ordering CCP to pay €1 million in compensation. CCP has 
submitted a petition for clarification of the judgment. On 27 February 2024, the court decided to not grant 
our request for clarification.  
In October 2020, the owner of a gas service station filed a lawsuit against CCP alleging breach of contract 
by CCP and seeking compensation for damages of €6.2 million. In October 2021, the court of first instance 
of Las Palmas ruled that CCP was in breach of some of its contractual obligations regarding the upkeep and 
maintenance of the station and ordered it to pay €40,000. The owner of a gas service station appealed the 
decision and in June 2023, the court of appeal has confirmed the first instance judgment. The owner of the 
gas service station has filed an appeal in cassation before the Supreme Court and, as of the date of this Base 
Prospectus, a decision is still pending. 
The following civil proceedings were initiated against CCP and the Guarantor in connection with road 
carriers. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the total damages in those civil proceedings where specific 
compensation for damages has been claimed from CCP and the Guarantor amounts to €32.4 million.  
On 1 February 2023, a class action lawsuit was filed by 3,230 road carriers against CCP and the Guarantor 
requesting €32.3 million as compensation for damages based on a sanctioning decision issued by the 
Spanish competition authority in 2009 that ordered CCP and other two competing oil companies to cease 
certain practices that the authority considered indirectly resulted in the maintenance of the resale price.  
On 28 February 2023, CCP presented its arguments and requests for access to the plaintiff’s sources of 
evidence. CCP have also announced the presentation of an expert report to contest the amount claimed. On 
28 February 2024, the court dismissed CCP’s request for access to the plaintiff’s source of evidence and 
set the preliminary hearing for 23 April 2024. CCP has appealed the court ruling regarding the denial of 
access to the plaintiff’s sources of evidence. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, a decision is still pending. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, there exists a potential risk that, depending on the court decision in 
these proceedings, additional carriers, some of whom have already filed out-of-court claims, might also file 
additional claims against CCP. 
 
Disputes relating to Cepsa Química, SA. 
In 2019, Cepsa Química, S.A. filed a claim for unpaid chemicals supplies in the amount of €3.8 million 
against a chemical trader client. The proceeding is pending before a court of first instance of Madrid. 
The defendant was finally summoned before the court in September 2023. The trader, in addition to 
opposing the claim alleging breach of contract and rejecting the payment of the amount owed, filed a 
counterclaim against Cepsa Química, S.A. requesting: (i) €3 million in damages and lost profits; (ii) €1.4 
million of interest accrued, or, alternatively, €278,000 of interest accrued and (iii) €456,000 in damages 
resulting from the impossibility to continue trading in the petrochemicals market. 
On 2 February 2024, the court ordered Cepsa Química, S.A. to respond to the trader’s counterclaim, which 
Cepsa Química, S.A. responded to on 1 March 2024 with the provision of a contradictory expert opinion.

--- Page 118 ---
- 118 -
 
Disputes relating to Cepsa E&P 
In June 2023, an arbitration proceeding before the International Chamber of Commerce (ICC) was filed by 
a construction and engineering company against TIMIMOUN Group (“GTIM”), which is a joint venture 
in which we hold a participation of 11.25% through our subsidiary Cepsa Algerie, S.L. (“Cepsa Algerie”). 
The claimant is requesting GTIM compensate them for damages in the amount of $65 million in relation to 
the two-year delay of the EPCC2 project. The seat of ICC arbitration is Paris and there will be 3 arbitrators. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the case is still pending to be heard. 
Criminal Proceedings 
A petroleum oil trade company based in the Canary Islands filed a lawsuit against the Guarantor before the 
Public Prosecutor’s Office of Las Palmas for alleged tax fraud against the tax authorities of the Canary 
Islands. A previous civil court proceeding had been filed by this trader against the Guarantor but was 
dismissed at first instance.   
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the case is under investigation proceedings before the Criminal Court 
of Las Palmas, and is focused on the taxation of a specific petroleum product, with the prosecution 
understanding that it has been taxed a lower tax rate than it should have been. However, the Guarantor 
believes that it correctly declared the tax on this product based on the product’s specifications.  
The district attorney has charged the Guarantor, as a legal person, as well as four employees on six counts 
of tax fraud against the Canary Islands Inland Revenue Service (one count for each year between 2016 and 
2021), with the total amount of the alleged fraud amounting to €7.7 million. Three tax officials have been 
charged with failure to investigate and pursue tax fraud too.  
Tax Proceedings 
In the ordinary course of business, the Group’s operations are subject to review by the tax authorities in the 
different countries in which we operate, and differences in the interpretation of existing regulations 
sometimes arise. The Group’s position is based on the opinion of internal as well as, when required, 
external, experts in each of the matters and affected jurisdictions, in order to make the most accurate 
assessment of the probability and amount of any potential issues that may arise. 
We are involved in a number of on-going proceedings in relation to tax contingencies, and we have signed 
various tax assessments in disagreement by filing an appeal before the competent judicial authorities in 
various jurisdictions.  
In Spain, such proceedings relate to corporate income tax assessments in connection with the fiscal years 
from 2005 to 2008, and the fiscal years from 2015 to 2016 (the decision relating to which remains pending). 
To cover potential liabilities in connection with these assessments and related tax proceedings, as of 31 
December 2023 we made a provision of €129 million. 
In Colombia, we are involved in tax proceedings related to corporate tax assessments in connection with 
the fiscal years from 2015 to 2017, with the tax authorities claiming an amount of €118.5 million (not 
including any corresponding penalties or interest). The decision remains pending before the competent 
court. On the basis of opinions issued by external tax experts, the Group has determined that it is unlikely 
that these assessments will be upheld by the courts in subsequent appeals filed by CEPSA Colombia, and 
therefore these demands have been qualified as non-probable and no potential liability has been provisioned 
in the 2023 financial statements of the Group.  
In Brazil, we are involved in tax proceedings related to social contribution tax assessments for the fiscal 
years from 2007 to 2020 onwards. A final decision is still pending from the Brazilian Supreme Court. As 
of 31 December 2023, we made an accounting provision in connection with this case in an amount of €40 
million.

--- Page 119 ---
- 119 -
 
Employment proceedings  
In 2019, labour inspections were initiated in Spain in relation to the service stations managed by the Group 
under the “COFO” operating model. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, 95% of such stations have been 
inspected. In most cases it was determined that the relationship between the independent contractors 
operating the stations and Compañia Española Distribuidora De Petroleos, S.A. (“CEDIPSA”) was of an 
employment nature rather than a commercial nature. 
As a result of these inspections, CEDIPSA was required to pay social security contributions for the 
independent contractors operating the stations as well as for their employees together with severance 
payments in some cases. CEDIPSA has challenged all the claims defending the legality of the COFO model, 
and, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, having obtained 90% of favorable results, with 51% of the claims 
still pending to be resolved. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, CEDIPSA does not operate any service station using the “COFO” 
model. 
Material Contracts  
No contracts have been entered into that are not in the ordinary course of business as of the date of this 
Base Prospectus which contain provisions under which any entity within the Group has an obligation or 
entitlement which is, or may be, material to the Group. 
Insurance 
We maintain insurance coverage in respect of our subsidiaries and operations in line with industry practice, 
in such amounts and with such coverage and deductibles as we believe are appropriate for the insurable 
risks inherent to our business. Our policy is to obtain and maintain sufficient insurance coverage in respect 
of our operations and activities, and to seek full compliance with international industry standards and 
applicable law in the countries in which we operate. 
Intellectual Property 
In addition to a wide variety of trade secrets subject to appropriate protection measures, we own a patent 
portfolio that includes more than 70 patents, which are registered in more than twenty countries. In addition, 
two other applications for patent families have been filed in 2023 and nine new patents were granted during 
the course of 2023. We use proprietary rights of third parties that are licensed to our subsidiaries or affiliates. 
In most cases, such licenses were granted in connection with the purchase of units of our industrial plants 
in the Energy and Petrochemicals segments. In addition, we own a trademark portfolio of over 750 
trademarks and designs protected in more than 150 countries, aimed to cover all our commercial activities 
in the relevant markets, with our primary logo being protected in over 135 countries.

--- Page 120 ---
- 120 -
 
TAXATION 
The Kingdom of Spain 
The following is a general description of certain Spanish tax considerations. The information provided 
below does not purport to be a complete overview of tax law and practice currently applicable in the 
Kingdom of Spain and is subject to any changes in law and the interpretation and application thereof, 
which could be made with retroactive effect. This analysis is a general description of the tax treatment 
under Spanish legislation without prejudice of regional tax regimes that may be applicable. 
This taxation summary solely addresses the principal Spanish tax consequences of the acquisition, the 
ownership and disposal of Notes issued by the Issuer after the date hereof held by a holder of Notes. It does 
not consider every aspect of taxation that may be relevant to a particular holder of Notes under special 
circumstances or who is subject to special treatment under applicable law or to the special tax regimes 
applicable in the Basque Country and Navarra (Territorios Forales). Where in this summary English terms 
and expressions are used to refer to Spanish concepts, the meaning to be attributed to such terms and 
expressions shall be the meaning to be attributed to the equivalent Spanish concepts under Spanish tax law. 
This summary assumes that each transaction with respect to the Notes is at arm’s length. 
This overview is based on the law as in effect on the date of this Base Prospectus and is subject to any 
change in law that may take effect after such date.  
References in this section to Noteholders include the beneficial owners of the Notes, where applicable. Any 
prospective investors should consult their own tax advisers who can provide them with personalised advice 
based on their particular circumstances. Likewise, investors should consider the legislative changes which 
could occur in the future. 
1. 
Introduction 
This information has been prepared in accordance with the following Spanish tax legislation in 
force at the date of this Base Prospectus: 
(i) 
of general application, Additional Provision One of Law 10/2014, of 26 June on the 
management, supervision and solvency of credit institutions and Royal Decree 
1065/2007, of 27 July establishing information obligations in relation to preferential 
holdings and other debt instruments and certain income obtained by individuals resident 
in the European Union and other tax rules as amended by Royal Decree 1145/2011 of 29 
July; 
(ii) 
for individuals with tax residency in Spain who are personal income tax (Personal 
Income Tax) tax payers, Law 35/2006, of 28 November on Personal Income Tax and on 
the partial amendment of the Corporate Income Tax Law, Non Residents Income Tax 
Law and Wealth Tax Law (the Personal Income Tax Law), and Royal Decree 439/2007, 
of 30 March 2007 promulgating the Personal Income Tax Regulations as amended by 
Royal Decree 633/2015, of 10 July, along with Law 19/1991, of 6 June 1991 on Wealth 
Tax, Law 38/2022, of 27 December for the Establishment of Temporary Energy Taxes 
and Taxes on Credit Institutions and Financial Credit Establishments and which Creates 
the Temporary Solidarity Tax on Large Fortunes, and Modifies Certain Tax Regulations 
and Law 29/1987, of 18 December 1987 on Inheritance and Gift Tax; 
(iii) 
for legal entities resident for tax purposes in Spain which are corporate income tax 
(Corporate Income Tax or CIT) taxpayers, Law 27/2014, of 27 November, on Corporate 
Income Tax and Royal Decree 634/2015, of 10 July promulgating the Corporate Income 
Tax Regulations (the Corporate Income Tax Regulations); and 
(iv) 
for individuals and legal entities who are not resident for tax purposes in Spain and are 
non-resident income tax (Non-Resident Income Tax) taxpayers, Royal Legislative 
Decree 5/2004, of 5 March promulgating the Consolidated Text of the Non-Resident 
Income Tax Law (Non-Resident Income Tax Law) and Royal Decree 1776/2004, of 30 
July promulgating the Non-Resident Income Tax Regulations, along with Law 19/1991,

--- Page 121 ---
- 121 -
 
of 6 June on Wealth Tax, Law 38/2022, of 27 December for the Establishment of 
Temporary Energy Taxes and Taxes on Credit Institutions and Financial Credit 
Establishments and which Creates the Temporary Solidarity Tax on Large Fortunes, and 
Modifies Certain Tax Regulations and Law 29/1987, of 18 December on Inheritance and 
Gift Tax. 
Whatever the nature and residence of the holder of a beneficial interest in the Notes (each, a 
Beneficial Owner), the acquisition and transfer of the Notes will be exempt from indirect taxes in 
Spain, for example exempt from transfer tax and stamp duty, in accordance with the consolidated 
text of such tax promulgated by Royal Legislative Decree 1/1993, of 24 September 1993, and 
exempt from value added tax, in accordance with Law 37/1992, of 28 December 1992 regulating 
such tax. 
2. 
Individuals with Tax Residency in Spain 
2.1 
Personal Income Tax (Impuesto sobre la Renta de las Personas Físicas) 
Spanish individuals with tax residency in Spain are subject to Personal Income Tax on a worldwide 
basis. Accordingly, income obtained from the Notes will be taxed in Spain when obtained by 
persons that are considered resident in Spain for tax purposes. The fact that a Spanish company 
pays interest or guarantee payments under a Note will not lead an individual or entity being 
considered tax-resident in Spain. 
Both interest periodically received and income deriving from the transfer, redemption or 
repayment of the Notes would constitute a return on investment obtained from the transfer of own 
capital to third parties in accordance with the provisions of Section 25.2 of the Personal Income 
Tax Law, and therefore must be included in each investor’s taxable savings and taxed at the tax 
rate applicable from time to time, currently at the rate of 19 per cent. for taxable income up to 
€6,000, 21 per cent. for taxable income between €6,000.01 to €50,000, 23 per cent. for taxable 
income between €50,000.01 and €200,000, 27 per cent. for taxable income between €200,000.01 
and €300,000 and 28 per cent. for taxable income in excess of €300,000. 
As a general rule, both types of income are subject to a withholding tax on account at the rate of 
19 per cent. However, according to Section 44.5 of Royal Decree 1065/2007, of 27 July, in the 
case of listed debt securities issued under Law 10/2014 and initially registered in a foreign clearing 
and settlement entity that is recognised under Spanish regulations or under those of another OECD 
member state (such as the Notes issued by the Issuer), the Issuer will make interest payments to 
individual holders who are resident for tax purposes in Spain without withholding provided that 
the relevant information about the Notes (as described below in “—Reporting Obligations”) is 
submitted by the relevant Paying Agent; and it would not be necessary to provide the Issuer with 
the identity of the holders who are individuals resident in Spain for tax purposes or to indicate the 
amount of income attributable to such individuals.  
If the Fiscal Agent fails to provide the Issuer with the required information described under 
“Reporting obligations”, the Issuer may be required to withhold tax (as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus, at a rate of 19 per cent.) from any payment in respect of the relevant Notes as to which 
the required information has not been provided. In that event, the Issuer or the Guarantor (as the 
case may be) will pay such additional amounts as will result in the Noteholders receiving such 
amounts as they would have received in respect of such Notes or Coupons had no such withholding 
or deduction been required. 
However, withholding tax at the applicable rate of 19 per cent. may have to be deducted by other 
entities (such as depositaries, institutions or financial entities) provided that such entities are 
resident for tax purposes in Spain or have a permanent establishment in Spanish territory.  
In any event, individual holders may credit the withholding against their Personal Income Tax 
liability for the relevant fiscal year.

--- Page 122 ---
- 122 -
 
2.2 
Net Wealth Tax (Impuesto sobre el Patrimonio) 
Net Wealth Tax may be levied in Spain on resident individuals, on a worldwide basis.  
Generally, individuals with tax residency in Spain are subject to Net Wealth Tax to the extent that 
their net worth exceeds €700,000 (subject to any exceptions provided under relevant legislation in 
an autonomous region (Comunidad Autónoma)). Therefore, they should take into account the 
value of the Notes which they hold as at 31 December in each year, the applicable rates ranging 
between 0.2 per cent. and 3.5 per cent, although the final tax rates may vary depending on any 
applicable regional tax laws, and some reductions may apply. 
2.3 
Temporary Solidarity Tax on Large Fortunes (Impuesto Temporal de Solidaridad a las 
Grandes Fortunas) 
The Temporary Solidarity Tax on Large Fortunes may be levied in Spain on tax resident 
individuals on a worldwide basis. 
In particular, individuals with tax residency in Spain are subject to the Temporary Solidarity Tax 
on Large Fortunes to the extent that their net worth exceeds €3,000,000. Therefore, they should 
take into account the value of the Notes which they hold as of 31 December each year, the 
applicable rates ranging between 1.7 per cent. and 3.5 per cent. 
Since the autonomous regions apply the current regional Net Wealth Tax (as described above), in 
order to avoid double taxation, the amount paid for the current regional Net Wealth Tax should be 
deductible from the Temporary Solidarity Tax on Large Fortunes. 
2.4 
Inheritance and Gift Tax (Impuesto sobre Sucesiones y Donaciones) 
Individuals with tax residency in Spain who acquire ownership or other rights over any Notes by 
inheritance, gift or legacy will be subject to inheritance and gift tax as set out in Law 29/1987, of 
18 December (the “IGT Law”), being payable by the person who acquires the securities, at an 
applicable tax rate ranging from 7.65 per cent. to 81.60 per cent. according to the IGT Law. 
However, final effective taxation may vary depending on relevant factors (such as the specific 
regulations imposed by each Spanish region, the amount of the pre-existing assets of the taxpayer 
and the degree of kinship with the deceased or donor). 
As the actual collection of this tax depends on the regulations of each Autonomous Community, 
investors should consult their tax advisers according to the particulars of their situation. 
3. 
Legal Entities with Tax Residency in Spain 
3.1 
Corporate Income Tax (Impuesto sobre Sociedades) 
Payments of income deriving from the transfer, redemption or repayment of the Notes constitute 
a return on investments for tax purposes obtained from the transfer to third parties of own capital 
and would have to be included in profit and taxable income of legal entities with tax residency in 
Spain for Corporate Income Tax purposes in accordance with the rules for Corporate Income Tax 
and subject to the general rate of 25 per cent.  
Notwithstanding the above, in accordance with Section 44.5 of Royal Decree 1065/2007, of 27 
July, in the case of listed debt securities issued under Law 10/2014 and initially registered in a 
foreign clearing and settlement entity that is recognised under Spanish regulations or under those 
of another OECD member state (such as the Notes issued by the Issuer), there is no obligation to 
withhold on income payable to Spanish CIT taxpayers (which, for the sake of clarity, include 
Spanish tax resident investment funds and Spanish tax resident pension funds). Consequently, the 
Issuer will not withhold on interest payments to Spanish CIT taxpayers provided that the relevant 
information about the Notes (as described below in “—Information about the Notes in connections 
with payments”) is submitted by the relevant Paying Agent.

--- Page 123 ---
- 123 -
 
If the Fiscal Agent fails to provide the Issuer with the required information described under 
“Reporting obligations”, the Issuer may be required to withhold tax (as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus, at a rate of 19 per cent.) from any payment in respect of the relevant Notes as to which 
the required information has not been provided. In that event, the Issuer or the Guarantor (as the 
case may be) will pay such additional amounts as will result in the Noteholders receiving such 
amounts as they would have received in respect of such Notes or Coupons had no such withholding 
or deduction been required. 
In addition, pursuant to Section 61.s of the Corporate Tax Regulations, there is no obligation to 
make a withholding on income obtained by taxpayers subject to Spanish CIT (which, for the 
avoidance of doubt, include Spanish tax resident investment funds and Spanish tax resident 
pension funds) from financial assets traded on organised markets in OECD countries. However, 
in the case of Notes held by a Spanish entity and deposited with a Spanish resident entity acting 
as depositary or custodian, payments of interest and income deriving from the transfer may be 
subject to withholding tax at the current rate of 19 per cent. if the Notes do not comply with the 
exemption requirements specified in the ruling issued by the Spanish DGT dated 27 July 2004 
(that is, placement of the Notes outside of Spain in another OECD country and admission to listing 
of the Notes on an organised market in an OECD country other than Spain). The amounts withheld, 
if any, may be credited by the relevant investors against its final CIT liability. 
3.2 
Net Wealth Tax (Impuesto sobre el Patrimonio) 
Spanish resident legal entities are not subject to Net Wealth Tax. 
3.3 
Temporary Solidarity Tax on Large Fortunes (Impuesto Temporal de Solidaridad a las 
Grandes Fortunas) 
Spanish resident legal entities are not subject to the Temporary Solidarity Tax on Large Fortunes. 
3.4 
Inheritance and Gift Tax (Impuesto sobre Sucesiones y Donaciones) 
Legal entities tax resident in Spain which acquire ownership or other rights over the Notes by 
inheritance, gift or legacy are not subject to inheritance and gift tax and must include the market 
value of the Notes in their taxable income for Spanish Corporate Income Tax purposes. 
4. 
Individuals and Legal Entities with no Tax Residency in Spain 
4.1 
Non-Resident Income Tax (Impuesto sobre la Renta de no Residentes) 
(a) 
Non-Spanish resident investors acting through a permanent establishment in Spain 
Ownership of the Notes by investors who are not resident for tax purposes in Spain will 
not in itself create the existence of a permanent establishment in Spain. 
If the Notes form part of the assets of a permanent establishment in Spain of a person or 
legal entity who is not resident in Spain for tax purposes, the tax rules applicable to 
income deriving from such Notes are, generally, the same as those for Spanish Corporate 
Income Tax taxpayers. 
(b) 
Non-Spanish resident investors not acting through a permanent establishment in Spain 
Payments of income deriving from the transfer, redemption or repayment of the Notes 
obtained by individuals or entities who have no tax residency in Spain, and which are 
Non- Resident Income Tax taxpayers with no permanent establishment in Spain, are 
exempt from such Non-Resident Income Tax on the same terms laid down for income 
from public debt. 
The Issuer has no obligation to withhold any tax amount for interest paid on the Notes to 
holders who are Non-Resident Income taxpayers with no permanent establishment in 
Spain provided that the information procedures are complied with in the manner detailed

--- Page 124 ---
- 124 -
 
under “—Information about the Notes in connections with payments” as set out in section 
44 of Royal Decree 1065/2007 (as amended by Royal Decree 1145/2011). If these 
information procedures are not complied with within the manner indicated the Issuer may 
be required to withhold tax (as at the date of this Base Prospectus, at a rate of 19 per cent.) 
from any payment in respect of the relevant Notes as to which the required information 
has not been provided. In that event, the Issuer or the Guarantor (as the case may be) will 
pay such additional amounts as will result in the Noteholders receiving such amounts as 
they would have received in respect of such Notes or Coupons had no such withholding 
or deduction been required. 
4.2 
Net Wealth Tax (Impuesto sobre el Patrimonio) 
This tax is only applicable to individuals. However, individuals resident in a country with which 
Spain has entered into a double tax treaty in relation to Net Wealth Tax would generally not be 
subject to such tax. Otherwise, non-Spanish resident individuals whose properties and rights are 
located in Spain, or that can be exercised within the Spanish territory (such as the Notes issued by 
the Issuer) exceed €700,000 would be subject to Net Wealth Tax, the applicable rates ranging 
between 0.2 per cent. and 3.5 per cent. 
Non-Spanish resident individuals should be entitled to apply the specific regulation of the 
autonomous region where their most valuable assets are located and which trigger this Spanish 
Net Wealth Tax due to the fact that they are (i) located, (ii) can be exercised, or (iii) must be 
fulfilled, within the Spanish territory. 
Non-Spanish resident legal entities are not subject to Net Wealth Tax. 
4.3 
Temporary Solidarity Tax on Large Fortunes (Impuesto Temporal de Solidaridad a las 
Grandes Fortunas) 
Non-Spanish resident individuals whose properties and rights are located in Spain, or that can be 
exercised within the Spanish territory, and exceed €3,000,000 may be subject to the Temporary 
Solidarity Tax on Large Fortunes. In such event, they should take into account the value of the 
Notes which they hold as of 31 December each year, the applicable rates ranging between 1.7 per 
cent. and 3.5 per cent. 
Since the autonomous regions apply the current regional Net Wealth Tax (as described above), in 
order to avoid double taxation, the amount paid for the current regional Net Wealth Tax should be 
deductible from the Temporary Solidarity Tax on Large Fortunes. 
Noteholders should consult their own tax advisors regarding how this tax may apply to their 
investment in the Notes. 
Non-resident legal entities are not subject to the Temporary Solidarity Tax on Large Fortunes. 
4.4 
Inheritance and Gift Tax (Impuesto sobre Sucesiones y Donaciones) 
Non-Spanish tax resident individuals who acquire ownership or other rights over the Notes by 
inheritance, gift or legacy, and who reside in a country with which Spain has entered into a double 
tax treaty in relation to inheritance and gift tax will be subject to the relevant double tax treaty. 
If the provisions of the foregoing paragraph do not apply, such individuals will be subject to 
inheritance and gift tax in accordance with the Spanish legislation applicable in the relevant 
autonomous region (Comunidad Autónoma). 
Generally, non-Spanish tax resident individuals are subject to Spanish Inheritance and Gift Tax 
according to the rules set forth in the state legislation. However, if the deceased or the donee is not 
tax resident in Spain, the applicable rules will be those corresponding to the relevant autonomous 
region according to the law. As such, prospective investors should consult their tax advisers.

--- Page 125 ---
- 125 -
 
Non-Spanish resident legal entities which acquire ownership or other rights over the Notes by 
inheritance, gift or legacy are not subject to inheritance and gift tax. They will be subject to Non-
Resident Income Tax. If the legal entity is resident in a country with which Spain has entered into 
a double tax treaty, the provisions of such treaty will apply. In general, double-tax treaties provide 
for the taxation of this type of income in the country of residence of the beneficiary. 
5. 
Obligation to inform the Spanish tax authorities of the ownership of the Notes 
With effects as from 1 January 2013, Law 7/2012, of 29 October, as implemented by Royal Decree 
1558/2012, of 15 November, introduced annual reporting obligations applicable to Spanish 
residents (i.e., individuals, legal entities, permanent establishments in Spain of non-resident 
entities) in relation to certain foreign assets or rights. 
Consequently, if the Notes are deposited with or placed in the custody of a non-Spanish entity, 
holders resident in Spain will be obliged, if certain thresholds are met as described below, to 
declare before the Spanish Tax Authorities, between 1 January and 31 March each year, the 
ownership of the Notes held on 31 December of the immediately preceding year (e.g., to declare 
between 1 January 2025 and 31 March 2025 the Notes held on 31 December 2024). 
This obligation would only need to be complied with if certain thresholds are met: specifically, if 
the only rights/assets held abroad are the Notes, this obligation would only apply if the value of 
the Notes together with other qualifying assets held on 31 December exceeds €50,000 (with the 
corresponding valuation to be made in accordance with Net Wealth Tax rules). If this threshold is 
met, a declaration would only be required in subsequent years if the value of the Notes together 
with other qualifying assets increases by more than €20,000 as against the declaration made 
previously. Similarly, cancellation or extinguishment of the ownership of the Notes before 31 
December should be declared if such ownership was reported in previous declarations. 
6. 
Reporting obligations 
The Issuer is currently required by Spanish law to file an annual return with the Spanish tax 
authorities in which it reports on certain information relating to the Notes. In accordance with 
Article 44 of Royal Decree 1065/2007, and provided that the Notes issued by the Issuer are initially 
registered for clearance and settlement in Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, for the purpose 
of preparing the annual return referred to above, certain information with respect to the Notes must 
be submitted by the Paying Agent to the Issuer at the time of each payment. 
Such information would be the following: 
(a) 
Identification of the Notes in respect of which the relevant payment is made; 
(b) 
date on which relevant payment is made; 
(c) 
the total amount of the relevant payment; and 
(d) 
the amount of the relevant payment and to each entity that manages a clearing and 
settlement system for securities situated outside Spain. 
In particular, the Fiscal Agent must certify the information above about the Notes by means of a 
certificate the form of which is set out in the Agency Agreement.  
In light of the above, the Issuer and the Fiscal Agent have arranged certain procedures to facilitate 
the collection of information concerning the Notes. If, despite these procedures, the relevant 
information is not received by the Issuer, the Issuer may be required to withhold at the applicable 
rate of 19 per cent. from any payment in respect of the relevant Notes as to which the required 
information has not been provided.  In that event, the Issuer or the Guarantor (as the case may be) 
will pay such additional amounts as will result in the Noteholders receiving such amounts as they 
would have received in respect of such Notes or Coupons had no such withholding or deduction 
been required.

--- Page 126 ---
- 126 -
 
The procedures for providing documentation referred to in this section are set out in detail in the 
Agency Agreement which may be inspected during normal business hours at the specified office 
of the Fiscal Agent. In particular, if the Fiscal Agent does not act as common depositary, the 
procedures described in this section will be modified in the manner described in the Agency 
Agreement. 
7. 
Payments made by the Guarantor 
Although no clear precedent, statement of law or regulation exits in relation thereto, in the view 
of the Guarantor, any payments under made by the Guarantor under the Guarantee should in 
principle be characterized as an “indemnity payment” and, therefore, should be made free and 
clear of, and without withholding or deduction on account to Spanish tax. However, even if the 
Spanish tax authorities take the view that the Guarantor has validly, legally and effectively 
assumed all the obligations of the Issuer of the Notes subject to and in accordance with the 
Guarantee, and that accordingly they shall be characterized as interest payments for tax purposes, 
they should determine that that payments made by the Guarantor relating to interest on the Notes 
will be subject to the same rules previously set out for payments made by the Issuer (i.e. payable 
free from withholding tax provided that the relevant information obligations outlined in “–
Reporting Obligations” above are complied with). 
Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act (FATCA) 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as FATCA, a 
“foreign financial institution” may be required to withhold on certain payments it makes (“foreign passthru 
payments”) to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting, or related requirements. The Issuer 
could be a foreign financial institution for these purposes. A number of jurisdictions (including the 
jurisdiction of the Issuer) have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, intergovernmental agreements 
with the United States to implement FATCA (IGAs), which modify the way in which FATCA applies in 
their jurisdictions. Under the provisions of IGAs as currently in effect, a foreign financial institution in an 
IGA jurisdiction would generally not be required to withhold under FATCA or an IGA from payments that 
it makes. Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to instruments such as the 
Notes, including whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect 
to payments on instruments such as the Notes, are uncertain and may be subject to change. Even if 
withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments 
such as the Notes, such withholding would not apply prior to payments made prior to the date that is two 
years after the date on which the final regulations defining “foreign passthru payments” are published in 
the U.S. Federal Register and Notes issued on or prior to the date that is six months after the date on which 
final regulations defining “foreign passthru payments” are filed with the U.S. Federal Register generally 
would be “grandfathered” for purposes of FATCA withholding unless materially modified after such date. 
However, if additional notes (as described under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes—Further Issues”) 
that are not distinguishable from previously issued Notes are issued after the expiration of the 
grandfathering period and are subject to withholding under FATCA, then withholding agents may treat all 
Notes, including the Notes offered prior to the expiration of the grandfathering period, as subject to 
withholding under FATCA. Holders should consult their own tax advisers regarding how these rules may 
apply to their investment in the Notes. In the event any withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA 
or an IGA with respect to payments on the Notes, no person will be required to pay additional amounts as 
a result of the withholding.

--- Page 127 ---
- 127 -
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Notes may be sold from time to time by the Issuer to any one or more of Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, 
S.A., Banco Santander, S.A., Bank of China (Europe) S.A., Barclays Bank Ireland PLC, BofA Securities 
Europe SA, CaixaBank, S.A., Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft, First Abu Dhabi Bank PJSC, HSBC 
Continental Europe, Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A., NATIXIS, SMBC Bank EU AG and UniCredit Bank GmbH 
(the “Dealers”). The arrangements under which Notes may from time to time be agreed to be sold by the 
Issuer to, and subscribed by, Dealers are set out in a Dealer Agreement dated 2 April 2024 (the “Dealer 
Agreement”) and made between the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Dealers. If in the case of any Tranche of 
Notes the method of distribution is an agreement between the Issuer, the Guarantor and a single Dealer for 
that Tranche to be issued by the Issuer and subscribed by that Dealer, the method of distribution will be 
described in the relevant Final Terms as “Non-Syndicated” and the name of that Dealer and any other 
interest of that Dealer which is material to the issue of that Tranche beyond the fact of the appointment of 
that Dealer will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. If in the case of any Tranche of Notes the method of 
distribution is an agreement between the Issuer, the Guarantor and more than one Dealer for that Tranche 
to be issued by the Issuer and subscribed by those Dealers, the method of distribution will be described in 
the relevant Final Terms as “Syndicated”, the obligations of those Dealers to subscribe the relevant Notes 
will be joint and several and the names and addresses of those Dealers and any other interests of any of 
those Dealers which is material to the issue of that Tranche beyond the fact of the appointment of those 
Dealers (including whether any of those Dealers has also been appointed to act as Stabilisation Manager in 
relation to that Tranche) will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. The Issuer and Guarantor have agreed 
to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities in connection with the offer and sale of Notes. 
Any such agreement will, inter alia, make provision for the form and terms and conditions of the relevant 
Notes, the price at which such Notes will be subscribed by the Dealer(s) and the commissions or other 
agreed deductibles (if any) payable or allowable by the Issuer in respect of such subscription. The Dealer 
Agreement makes provision for the resignation or termination of appointment of existing Dealers and for 
the appointment of additional or other Dealers either generally in respect of the Programme or in relation 
to a particular Tranche of Notes. 
United States of America: Regulation S Category 2; TEFRA D or TEFRA C as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms or neither if TEFRA is specified as not applicable in the relevant Final Terms. 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and may not be offered or sold 
within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain transactions 
exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the 
meanings given to them by Regulation S. 
The Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the 
United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions permitted by 
U.S. tax regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the United States 
Internal Revenue Code and regulations thereunder. 
Each Dealer has agreed that, except as permitted by the Dealer Agreement, it will not offer, sell or deliver 
Notes, (i) as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the 
distribution of the Notes comprising the relevant Tranche, within the United States or to, or for the account 
or benefit of, U.S. persons, and such Dealer will have sent to each dealer to which it sells Notes during the 
distribution compliance period relating thereto a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions 
on offers and sales of the Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. 
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of Notes comprising any Tranche, any 
offer or sale of Notes within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) 
may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made 
available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms (or are the subject of the offering

--- Page 128 ---
- 128 -
 
contemplated by a Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) in relation thereto to any retail investor in 
the European Economic Area.  
For the purposes of this provision, the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) 
of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended, “EU MiFID II”); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of (EU) 2016/97 (as amended or superseded, the “EU 
Insurance Distribution Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II. 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made 
available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms (or are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by a Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) in relation thereto to any retail investor in 
the United Kingdom.   
For the purposes of this provision: 
(i) 
the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
(EUWA); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Selling Restrictions Addressing Additional United Kingdom Securities Laws 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed that: 
(a) 
No deposit-taking: in relation to any Notes having a maturity of less than one year: 
(i) 
it is a person whose ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or 
disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of its business; and 
(ii) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes other than to persons: 
(A) 
whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or 
disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their 
businesses; or 
(B) 
who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses, 
where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 of 
the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (the “FSMA”) by the Issuer; 
(b) 
Financial promotion: it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only 
communicate or cause to be communicated any invitation or inducement to engage in investment 
activity (within the meaning of section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue

--- Page 129 ---
- 129 -
 
or sale of any Notes in circumstances in which section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the 
Issuer or the Guarantor; and 
(c) 
General compliance: it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA 
with respect to anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the 
United Kingdom. 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of 
Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948), as amended (the “FIEA”). Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and 
agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, 
that it has not, directly or indirectly, offered or sold and will not, directly or indirectly, offer to sell any 
Notes in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, a resident of Japan (which term as used herein means any person 
resident in Japan, including any corporation or other entity organised under the laws of Japan) or to others 
for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident in Japan, 
except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, 
FIEA and other relevant laws and regulations of Japan.   
Kingdom of Spain 
Each of the Dealers and the Issuer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that the offer of the Notes in Spain will be directed 
specifically at or made to professional clients (clientes profesionales) as defined in Article 194 of Law 
6/2023 on the Securities Markets and Investment Services (Ley 6/2023 de los Mercados de Valores y los 
Servicios de Inversión), as amended (the “Spanish Securities Market Law”), and Article 112 of Royal 
Decree 813/2023, of 8 November on the legal regime applicable to investment services companies and 
related legislation to provide investment services in Spain (Real Decreto 813/2023, de 8 de noviembre, 
sobre el régimen jurídico de las empresas de servicios de inversión y de las demás entidades que prestan 
servicios de inversión), and eligible counterparties (contrapartes elegibles) as defined in Article 196 of the 
Spanish Securities Market Law. 
Neither the Notes nor this Base Prospectus have been registered with the Spanish Securities Market 
Commission (Comisión Nacional del Mercado de Valores). Accordingly, each of the Dealers and the Issuer 
has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that Notes may not be offered, sold or distributed, nor may any subsequent resale of 
Notes be carried out in Spain, except in circumstances which do not require the registration of a prospectus 
in Spain or without complying with all legal and regulatory requirements under Spanish securities laws. 
Each of the Dealers and the Issuer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that the Notes may only be offered or sold in Spain by 
institutions authorised under the Spanish Securities Market Law, Royal Decree 813/2023, of 8 November 
on the legal regime applicable to investment services companies and related legislation to provide 
investment services in Spain and in accordance with the provisions of the Spanish Securities Market Law 
and further developing legislation. 
Belgium 
This base prospectus has not been submitted for approval to the Belgian Financial Services and Markets 
Authority.  Accordingly, Notes that have a maturity of less than 12 months and qualify as money market 
instruments (and that therefore fall outside the scope of the EU Prospectus Regulation) may not be 
distributed in Belgium by way of an offer of securities to the public, as defined in Article 4, 2° of the 
Belgian law of 11 July 2018 on the offer of investment instruments to the public and the admission of 
investment instruments to trading on a regulated market. 
Other than in respect of Notes for which “Prohibition of Sales to Belgium Consumers” is specified as “Not 
applicable” in the Final Terms, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed 
under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that an offering of Notes may not be 
advertised to any individual in Belgium qualifying as a consumer within the meaning of Article I.1 of the 
Belgian Code of Economic Law, as amended from time to time (a “Belgian Consumer”) and that it has

--- Page 130 ---
- 130 -
 
not offered, sold or resold, transferred or delivered, and will not offer, sell, resell, transfer or deliver, the 
Notes, and that it has not distributed, and will not distribute, any prospectus, memorandum, information 
circular, brochure or any similar documents in relation to the Notes, directly or indirectly, to any Belgian 
Consumer. 
Hong Kong  
Each of the Dealers has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that:  
(i)  
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell in Hong Kong, by means of any 
document, any Notes other than (i) to “professional investors” as defined in the Securities 
and Futures Ordinance (Cap. 571) of Hong Kong (the “SFO”) and any rules made under 
the SFO; or (ii) in other circumstances which do not result in the document being a 
“Prospectus” as defined in the Companies (Winding Up and Miscellaneous Provisions) 
Ordinance (Cap. 32) of Hong Kong (the “Companies Ordinance”) or which do not 
constitute an offer to the public within the meaning of the Companies Ordinance; and  
(ii) 
it has not issued or had in its possession for the purposes of issue, and will not issue or 
have in its possession for the purposes of issue, whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere, any 
advertisement, invitation or document relating to the Notes, which is directed at, or the 
contents of which are likely to be accessed or read by, the public of Hong Kong (except 
if permitted to do so under the securities laws of Hong Kong) other than with respect to 
Notes which are or are intended to be disposed of only to persons outside Hong Kong or 
only to “professional investors” as defined in the SFO and any rules made under the SFO. 
Republic of Italy  
The offering of the Notes has not been registered with the Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa 
(“CONSOB”), the Italian Securities Regulator, pursuant to Italian securities legislation and, accordingly, 
no Notes may be offered, sold or delivered, nor may copies of this Base Prospectus or of any other document 
relating to any Notes be distributed in the Republic of Italy, except to: 
(a) 
to qualified investors (investitori qualificati) as defined pursuant to Article 2 of the Prospectus 
Regulation and any applicable provision of Legislative Decree no. 58 of 24 February 1998 (the 
“Financial Services Act”) and Article 34-ter, paragraph 1, letter (b) of CONSOB regulation No. 
11971 of 14 May 1999 (the “Issuers Regulation”), all as amended from time to time; or 
(b) 
in other circumstances which are exempted from the rules on public offerings pursuant to Article 
1 of the Prospectus Regulation and Article 34-ter of the Issuers Regulation, as amended from time 
to time, and the applicable Italian laws.  
In any event, any offer, sale or delivery of the Notes or distribution of copies of this Base Prospectus or any 
other document relating to the Notes in Italy under paragraphs (a) or (b) above must be:  
(i) 
made by an investment firm, bank or financial intermediary permitted to conduct such activities 
in the Republic of Italy in accordance with the Financial Services Act, CONSOB Regulation No. 
20307 of 15 February 2018 and Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993 (the “Banking 
Act”) (in each case as amended from time to time);  
(ii) 
in compliance with Article 129 of the Banking Act, as amended from time to time, and the 
implementing guidelines of the Bank of Italy, as amended from time to time, pursuant to which 
the Bank of Italy may request information on the offering or issue of securities in Italy; and  
(iii) 
in compliance with any other applicable laws and regulations, including any limitation or 
requirement which may be imposed from time to time by CONSOB or the Bank of Italy or any 
other competent authority.

--- Page 131 ---
- 131 -
 
Singapore  
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to acknowledge, that this Base Prospectus has not been and will not be registered as a prospectus with the 
Monetary Authority of Singapore (the “MAS”).  
Accordingly, each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under 
the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not offered or sold any Notes or 
caused such Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase and will not offer or 
sell such Notes or cause such Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, 
and has not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this Base Prospectus and any other 
document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of such 
Notes to be issued from time to time by the Issuer pursuant to any issuance of Notes, whether directly or 
indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of 
the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore, as modified or amended from time to time (the “SFA”)) 
pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA or (ii) to an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA) 
pursuant to and in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA. 
France 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer will be required to represent and agree, 
that it has only offered or sold and will only offer or sell, directly or indirectly, Notes in France to qualified 
investors (investisseurs qualifiés) as defined in Article L.411-2 1° of the French Code monétaire et financier 
and it has only distributed or caused to be distributed and will only distribute or cause to be distributed in 
France to such qualified investors this Base Prospectus, the relevant Final Terms or any other offering 
material relating to the Notes. 
General 
To the best of its knowledge and belief, each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed that it has 
complied and will comply with all applicable laws and regulations in each country or jurisdiction in or from 
which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or possesses, distributes or publishes this Base Prospectus 
or any Final Terms or any related offering material, in all cases at its own expense.  
Other persons into whose hands this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms comes are required by the Issuer, 
the Guarantor and the Dealers to comply with all applicable laws and regulations in each country or 
jurisdiction in or from which they purchase, offer, sell or deliver Notes or possess, distribute or publish this 
Base Prospectus or any Final Terms or any related offering material, in all cases at their own expense. 
The Dealer Agreement provides that the Dealers shall not be bound by any of the restrictions relating to 
any specific jurisdiction (set out above) to the extent that such restrictions shall, as a result of change(s) or 
change(s) in official interpretation, after the date hereof, of applicable laws and regulations, no longer be 
applicable but without prejudice to the obligations of the Dealers described in the paragraph headed 
“General” above. 
Selling restrictions may be supplemented or modified with the agreement of the Issuer. Any such 
supplement or modification may be set out in the relevant Final Terms (in the case of a supplement or 
modification relevant only to a particular Tranche of Notes) or in a supplement to this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 132 ---
- 132 -
 
BENCHMARKS REGULATION 
Interest and/or other amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to certain 
benchmarks. 
Details of the administrators of such benchmarks, including details of whether or not, as at the date of this 
Base Prospectus, each such administrator’s name appears on the register of administrators and benchmarks 
established and maintained by ESMA pursuant to article 36 of the Benchmarks Regulation (the “ESMA 
Benchmarks Register”) are set out below. 
Benchmark 
Administrator 
Administrator 
appears 
on 
ESMA Benchmarks Register? 
EURIBOR 
European Money Markets 
Institute 
Yes

--- Page 133 ---
- 133 -
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Authorisation 
1. 
The Issuer and the Guarantor have obtained all necessary consents, approvals and authorisations 
in connection with the update of the Programme and the guarantee relating to the Programme. The 
update of the Programme was authorised by a resolution of the joint and several directors of the 
Issuer passed on 18 March 2024 and the Board of Directors of the Guarantor passed on 7 March 
2024. The giving of the guarantee relating to the Programme by the Guarantor was authorised by 
a resolution of the Board of Directors of the Guarantor passed on 7 March 2024. 
Issues of Notes under the Programme are required to comply with certain formalities contained in 
the Spanish Companies Act (Ley de Sociedades de Capital), including as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus execution of a public deed of issue (Escritura de Emisión). 
Legal and Arbitration Proceedings 
2. 
Save as disclosed in “Information on the Group—Legal Proceedings” on pages 116 to 118 of this 
Base Prospectus, there are no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such 
proceedings which are pending or threatened, of which the Issuer or the Guarantor is aware), which 
may have, or have had during the 12 months prior to the date of this Base Prospectus, a significant 
effect on the financial position or profitability of the Issuer or the Guarantor and its subsidiaries. 
See also “Risk Factors—We are exposed to litigation and arbitration”. 
Significant/Material Change 
3. 
There has been no significant change in the financial position or financial performance of the 
Group since 31 December 2023 and there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of 
the Guarantor or the Group since 31 December 2023. 
4. 
Since 31 December 2023 there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer 
and since 31 December 2023 there has been no significant change in the financial position or 
financial performance of the Issuer.  
Auditors 
5. 
The current auditors of the Guarantor, Deloitte, S.L. (registered as auditors on the Registro Oficial 
de Auditores de Cuentas), audited the 2023 Consolidated Financial Statements and the 2022 
Consolidated Financial Statements which have been prepared in accordance with EU-IFRS, and 
have given, and have not withdrawn, their consent to the inclusion of their report in this Base 
Prospectus in the form and context in which it is included. 
6. 
The current auditors of the Issuer, Deloitte, S.L. (registered as auditors on the Registro Oficial de 
Auditores de Cuentas), audited the 2023 Financial Statements and the 2022 Financial Statements 
which have been prepared in accordance with EU-IFRS, and have given, and have not withdrawn, 
their consent to the inclusion of their report in this Base Prospectus in the form and context in 
which it is included. 
Documents on Display 
7. 
For so long as the Notes issued pursuant to this Base Prospectus are outstanding, or for ten years 
following the approval of this Base Prospectus, whichever falls later, copies of the following 
documents will, when published, be available for inspection on the website of the Guarantor at 
https://www.cepsa.com/en/investors/ratings-debt-issuances:  
(a) 
 the bylaws (estatutos sociales) of the Issuer; 
(b) 
the bylaws (estatutos sociales) of the Guarantor; 
(c) 
the Agency Agreement; 
(d) 
the Deed of Guarantee;

--- Page 134 ---
- 134 -
 
(e) 
the Deed of Covenant; 
(f) 
the Programme Manual (which contains the forms of the Notes in global and definitive 
form); 
(g) 
the documents referred to in “Information Incorporated by Reference” above; 
(h) 
this Base Prospectus and any supplement to it; and 
(i) 
each Final Terms that are listed on the Official List of Euronext Dublin or any other stock 
exchange. 
Clearing of the Notes 
7. 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg.  The 
appropriate common code and International Securities Identification Number (ISIN) in relation to 
the Notes of each Tranche will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. The relevant Final Terms 
shall specify any other clearing system as shall have accepted the relevant Notes for clearance 
together with any further appropriate information. 
8. 
The address of Euroclear is 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels, Belgium and the 
address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is 42 Avenue JF Kennedy L-1855 Luxembourg. The address 
of any alternative clearing system will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Conflicts of interest 
9. 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment 
banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services for the Issuer, the 
Guarantor and their affiliates in the ordinary course of business. 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates may have positions, deal or make markets in the Notes 
issued under the Programme, related derivatives and reference obligations, including (but not 
limited to) entering into hedging strategies on behalf of the Issuer, the Guarantor and their affiliates, 
investor clients, or as principal in order to manage their exposure, their general market risk, or 
other trading activities. 
In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may 
make or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related 
derivative securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and 
for the accounts of their customers. Such investments and securities activities may involve 
securities and/or instruments of the Issuer, the Guarantor and their affiliates. Certain of the Dealers 
of their affiliates that have a lending relationship with the Issuer and the Guarantor routinely hedge 
their credit exposure to the Issuer, the Guarantor and their affiliates consistent with their customary 
risk management policies. Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such exposure 
by entering into transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the 
creation of short positions in securities, including potentially the Notes issued under the 
Programme. Any such positions could adversely affect future trading prices of Notes issued under 
the Programme. The Dealers and their affiliates may also make investment recommendations 
and/or publish or express independent research views in respect of such securities or financial 
instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions 
in such securities and instruments. 
The Legal Entity Identifier 
10. 
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) code of the Issuer is 959800QEUH8V5SPPCB45. 
11. 
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) code of the Guarantor is 549300E1NH9FOTLIFI22.

--- Page 135 ---
- 135 -
 
GLOSSARY OF TECHNICAL TERMS 
The following glossary of technical terms is not intended to be exhaustive, but provides a list of certain of 
the technical terms used in this Base Prospectus. For an explanation of certain terms relating to hydrocarbon 
reserves and resources estimates, see “Important Notices—Presentation of Hydrocarbon Data”. 
API gravity ......................................................... 
a measure of the weight of a petroleum liquid in comparison 
with water; used to refer to the density of crude oil
aviation fuel........................................................ 
jet fuel and aviation gasoline; a mid-range refined product 
used in the aviation industry
bbl or barrel ........................................................ 
barrel of oil; a volumetric unit of measurement in the industry 
equal to 42 U.S. gallons, equivalent to approximately 158.98 
litres
bbl/d ...................................................................
barrels per day
bitumen .............................................................. 
viscous mixture of hydrocarbons obtained as a residue from 
petroleum distillation used for road surfacing (asphalt) and 
roofing; a solid product which liquefies on heating
BPA....................................................................
bisphenol A
bunker fuel or marine fuel..................................
any fuel used on board a ship
diesel ..................................................................
a middle distillate product used for diesel engines
distillate..............................................................
any petroleum product produced by distillation of crude oil
distillation .......................................................... 
a method for separating substances, liquid or solid, through 
evaporation followed by condensation; distillation is usually 
done at atmospheric pressure (from an economic perspective) 
or in vacuum (which provides more effective, but more costly 
distillation)
equity crude ........................................................ 
the portion of crude production we are entitled to retain under 
our concession agreements
feedstock ............................................................ 
any material (raw or intermediate product) used as feed for a 
processing unit
fuel oil ................................................................ 
any oil intended to be burned in boilers; normally heavy 
residual oil but can also include other varieties
gasoline .............................................................. 
a light distillate product used for spark-ignited internal 
combustion engine, e.g., in the automotive and aviation 
industries
GHG...................................................................
greenhouse gas
GW, GWh ..........................................................
one thousand megawatts, one thousand megawatthours
heating oil ........................................................... 
a liquid, middle distillate product used as a fuel oil for 
furnaces or boilers in buildings or houses
jet fuel ................................................................ 
a refined petroleum product used in jet aircraft engines; it 
includes kerosene-type jet fuel and naphtha-type jet fuel
Joule (j) .............................................................. 
a unit of work, or, energy, defined as the work done, or energy 
required, to exert a force of one newton for a distance of one 
meter
Kbbl, Kbbl/d.......................................................
thousands of barrels, one thousand barrels per day
kboe/d.................................................................
thousand barrels of oil equivalent per day
kilowatt (KW), kilowatthour (KWh)..................
one thousand watts, one thousand watthours

--- Page 136 ---
- 136 -
 
Kt, Kt/y ..............................................................
thousand metric tons, thousand metric tons per year
LAB....................................................................
linear alkylbenzene
LABSA ..............................................................
linear alkylbenzene sulfonic acid
light crude ..........................................................
crude with an API gravity of more than 20
LNG ...................................................................
liquefied natural gas
low sulfur fuel....................................................
fuel with a sulfur content of no greater than 0.5%
LPG .................................................................... 
Liquefied petroleum gas; specific mixtures of propane, 
butane and derivative gases
m3.......................................................................
cubic meters
Megawatt (MW), Megawatt hour (MWh)..........
one thousand kilowatts, one thousand kilowatt-hours
MMbbl, MMbbl/d ..............................................
million barrels; million barrels per day
MMboe, MMboe/d ............................................. 
million barrels of oil equivalent; million barrels of oil 
equivalent per day
Mt.......................................................................
million metric tons
naphtha ............................................................... 
a range of distillates lighter than kerosene; used as feedstock 
for production of gasoline and petrochemicals
Net Entitlement .................................................. 
the production that the contractor or concession holder is 
entitled to physically receive. In a concession, this equates to 
the concessionaire's working interest production excluding 
any royalty payments paid in kind. In a production sharing 
contract, this equates to the contractor's share of cost oil/gas 
and profit oil/gas
refined products .................................................. 
the products derived from crude oil that have been processed 
in a refinery; among others, road transportation fuel products 
(such as diesel and gasoline), bunker fuel, heating oil and jet 
fuel
refining margins ................................................. 
the difference, for any particular quantity of crude oil, 
between the value of all the refined petroleum products a 
refinery is able to produce from such crude oil minus the cost 
of the crude oil, products feedstock and variable costs 
(including associated costs such as transport, insurance, etc.)
reserves .............................................................. 
those quantities of petroleum anticipated to be commercially 
recoverable by application of development projects to known 
accumulations from a given date forward under defined 
conditions. Reserves must further satisfy four criteria: they 
must be discovered, recoverable, commercial, and remaining 
(as of the evaluation date) based on the development 
project(s) applied. Reserves are further categorised in 
accordance with the level of certainty associated with the 
estimates and may be sub-classified based on project maturity 
and/or characterised by development and production status 
(as per SPE-PRMS).
Reserves/Production Ratio ................................. 
represents the remaining lifespan of hydrocarbons to be 
recovered given a production rate based on its proved 
reserves, expressed in years
Royalty ............................................................... 
payments that are due to the host government or mineral 
owner (lessor) in return for depletion of the reservoirs and the

--- Page 137 ---
- 137 -
 
producer (lessee/contractor) for having access to the 
petroleum resources
SPE-PRMS ......................................................... 
Society of Petroleum Engineer’s Petroleum Resources 
Management System, as revised from time to time
U.S.$/bbl ............................................................
U.S. dollar per barrel
Watt (W) ............................................................
a power measure. One watt equals one joule per second
Watthour (Wh) ................................................... 
a unit of energy, measured as 1 Watt of power expended for 
1 hour
working interest .................................................. 
a company’s equity interest in a project before reduction for 
royalties or production share owed to others under the 
applicable fiscal terms

--- Page 138 ---
REGISTERED OFFICE OF THE ISSUER 
CEPSA Tower 
Paseo de la Castellana, 259 A 
28046 Madrid 
Spain 
REGISTERED OFFICE OF THE GUARANTOR 
CEPSA Tower 
Paseo de la Castellana, 259 A 
28046 Madrid 
Spain 
ARRANGER 
HSBC Continental Europe  
38, avenue Kléber 
75116 Paris 
France 
 
DEALERS 
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. 
Ciudad BBVA 
Edificio ASIA, Calle Sauceda, 28 
28050 Madrid 
Spain 
 
Banco Santander, S.A. 
Ciudad Grupo Santander.  
Avda. Cantabria s/nº, Edificio Encinar, Planta 
baja 
28660, Boadilla del Monte, Madrid 
Spain 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
One Molesworth Street 
Dublin 2 
D02RF29 
Ireland 
 
BofA Securities Europe SA 
51 rue La Boétie 
75008 Paris 
France 
 
Bank of China(Europe) S.A. 
55, Boulevard Royal, L-2449  
Luxembourg 
Caixabank, S.A. 
Paseo de la Castellana 189 (3rd floor) 
28046 Madrid 
Spain
 
 
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft   
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft 
Kaiserstraße 16 (Kaiserplatz) 
60311 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany
First Abu Dhabi Bank PJSC 
FAB Building, Khalifa Business Park, Al Qurm 
District, P.O. Box 6316, Abu Dhabi 
United Arab Emirates 
 
HSBC Continental Europe  
38, avenue Kléber 
75116 Paris 
France 
Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. 
Divisione IMI Corporate & Investment Banking 
Via Manzoni, 4 
20121 Milan  
Italy 
Natixis 
7 promenade Germaine Sablon 
75013 Paris 
France 
SMBC Bank EU AG 
Neue Mainzer Straße 52-58  
60311 Frankfurt  
Germany  
UniCredit Bank GmbH 
Arabellastrasse 12

--- Page 139 ---
81925 Munich 
Germany
 
FISCAL AGENT 
The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch 
One Canada Square 
London E14 5AL 
United Kingdom 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Issuer and the Guarantor 
as to English and Spanish law: 
To the Dealers as to English and Spanish law:
Freshfields Bruckhaus Deringer 
Rechtsanwälte Steuerberater PartG mbB, 
Sucursal en España de Sociedad Profesional 
Torre Europa 
Paseo de la Castellana, 95 
28046 Madrid 
Spain 
Clifford Chance, S.L.P.U. 
Paseo de la Castellana, 110 
28046 Madrid 
Spain 
 
AUDITORS TO THE ISSUER AND THE GUARANTOR 
Deloitte, S.L. 
Plaza de Pablo Ruiz Picasso 1, Torre Picasso 
28020 Madrid 
Spain 
LISTING AGENT 
Maples and Calder 
75 St. Stephen’s Green 
Dublin 2, Ireland