--- Page 1 ---
Cibus Nordic Real Estate AB (publ) 
 
Base Prospectus for an MTN Programme 
 
 
Arrangers 
Danske Bank A/S, Danmark, Sverige Filial 
Nordea Bank Abp 
 
Dealers 
Danske Bank A/S, Danmark, Sverige Filial 
Nordea Bank Abp 
OP Corporate Bank plc 
Pareto Securities AB 
Swedbank AB (publ) 
 
 
This Prospectus was approved by the Swedish Financial Supervisory Authority on 22 July 2024. The 
Prospectus is valid for a maximum period of up to twelve months after the approval of the 
Prospectus provided that it is completed by any supplement required pursuant to article 23 of 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. The Issuer's obligations to supplement this Prospectus in the event of 
significant new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies will not apply when this 
Prospectus is no longer valid.

--- Page 2 ---
W/13871674/v9 
 
IMPORTANT NOTICE: 
This base prospectus (the "Prospectus") has been prepared by Cibus Nordic Real Estate AB (publ) (the "Issuer", "Cibus", or the "Company" or together with its direct and 
indirect subsidiaries unless otherwise indicated by the context, the "Group"), a public limited liability company incorporated in Sweden, having its headquarters located at 
the address, Kungsgatan 56, 111 22, Stockholm, Sweden, with reg. no. 559135-0599, in relation to its programme for issuance of medium term notes in Danish kronor 
("DKK"), euro ("EUR"), Norwegian kronor ("NOK") and Swedish kronor ("SEK") and in a minimum nominal amount of EUR 100,000 or the equivalent amount in DKK, NOK or 
SEK (the "Notes" or the "MTN Programme"). Notes can either be issued as Non-Subordinated Notes or as Subordinated Notes (each as defined in the general terms and 
conditions for the Notes (the "General Terms and Conditions") and as specified in the applicable Final Terms (as defined in the General Terms and Conditions)). The Company 
has appointed Danske Bank A/S, Danmark, Sverige filial and Nordea Bank Abp as arrangers (the "Arrangers"), and Danske Bank A/S, Danmark, Sverige filial, Nordea Bank 
Abp, OP Corporate Bank plc, Pareto Securities AB and Swedbank AB (publ) as dealers in relation to the MTN Programme (the "Dealers"). Further Dealers may be appointed 
in accordance with the General Terms and Conditions.  
This Prospectus has been prepared in accordance with the standards and requirements of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of 14 June 2017 of the European Parliament and of 
the Council (the "Regulation") and the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 of 14 March 2019 supplementing Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 and repealing 
Commission Regulation (EC) No 809/2004 (the "Delegated Regulation"). The Regulation and the Delegated Regulation are jointly referred to as the "Prospectus 
Regulations". 
 
The Prospectus has been approved and registered by the Swedish Financial Supervisory Authority (Sw. Finansinspektionen) (the "SFSA") as the competent authority under 
the Regulation. The SFSA only approves this Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Regulation. Such 
approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer nor as an endorsement of the quality of the Notes that are subject of this Prospectus. Investors should 
make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. This Prospectus has been prepared in English only and is governed by Swedish law and the courts 
of Sweden have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute arising out of or in connection with this Prospectus. This Prospectus is available at the SFSA's website (fi.se) and 
the Issuer's website (www.cibusnordic.com). 
 
Unless otherwise stated or required by context, terms defined in the General Terms and Conditions beginning on page 58 shall have the same meaning when used in this 
Prospectus. 
 
Except where expressly stated otherwise, no information in this Prospectus has been reviewed or audited by the Issuer's auditor. Certain financial and other numerical 
information set forth in this Prospectus has been subject to rounding and, as a result, the numerical figures shown as totals in this Prospectus may vary slightly from the 
exact arithmetic aggregation of the figures that precede them. This Prospectus shall be read together with all documents incorporated by reference in, and any supplements 
to, this Prospectus. In this Prospectus, references to "DKK" refer to Danish krona, references to "EUR" refer to the single currency introduced at the start of the third stage 
of the European Economic and Monetary Union pursuant to the Treaty establishing the European Community, as amended, references to "NOK" refer to Norwegian krona 
and references to "SEK" refer to Swedish krona. 
 
Investing in medium term notes is not appropriate for all investors. Each investor should therefore evaluate the suitability of an investment in the Notes in light of its own 
circumstances. In particular, each investor should: 
 
(a) 
have sufficient knowledge and experience to carry out an effective evaluation of (i) the Notes, (ii) the merits and risks of investing in the Notes, and (iii) the 
information contained or incorporated by reference in the Prospectus or any supplements; 
(b) 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate in the context of its particular financial situation the investment in the Notes and 
the impact that such investment will have on the investor's overall investment portfolio; 
(c) 
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks resulting from an investment in the Notes, including where principal or interest is payable 
in one or more currencies, or where the currency for principal or interest payments is different from the investor's own currency; 
(d) 
understand thoroughly the General Terms and Conditions and the Final Terms and be familiar with the behaviour of any relevant indices and financial markets; 
and 
(e) 
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the assistance of a financial adviser) possible scenarios relating to the economy, interest rates and other factors that 
may affect the investment and the investor's ability to bear the risks. 
 
This Prospectus is not an offer for sale or a solicitation of an offer to purchase Notes in any jurisdiction. It has been prepared solely for the purpose of establishing the MTN 
Programme. This Prospectus may not be distributed in or into any country where such distribution or disposal would require any additional prospectus, registration or 
additional measures or contrary to the rules and regulations of such jurisdiction. Persons into whose possession this Prospectus comes or persons who acquire Notes are 
therefore required to inform themselves about, and to observe, such restrictions. Notes will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the 
"Securities Act"), and may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except pursuant to an exemption from, or in a 
transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Notes will be offered and sold outside the United States to purchasers who are not, or are not 
purchasing for the account of, U.S. persons in reliance upon Regulation S under the Securities Act. In addition, until 40 days after the later of the commencement of the 
offering and the closing date, an offer or sale of the Notes within the United States by a dealer may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act if such offer 
or sale of Notes within the United States by a dealer may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act if such offer or sale is made otherwise than pursuant to 
an exemption from registration under the Securities Act. 
 
The offering is not made to individuals domiciled in Australia, Japan, Canada, Hong Kong, the Italian Republic, New Zealand, the Republic of Cyprus, the Republic of South 
Africa, the United Kingdom, the United States (or to any U.S person), or in any other country where the offering, sale and delivery of Notes may be restricted by law.  
 
In respect of each issue of Notes, each relevant Dealer will undertake a target market assessment in respect of such Notes and determine the appropriate channels for 
distribution for such Notes. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the target market 
assessment. However, a distributor subject to Directive 2014/65/EU of the Council of 15 May 2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council ("MiFID II") is responsible 
for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of such Notes (either by adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining the appropriate 
distribution channels for such Notes. For the purpose of the MiFID Product Governance rules under the Commission Delegated Directive (EU) 2018/593 of 7 April 2016 
supplementing MiFID II (the "MiFID II Product Governance Rules"), a determination will be made in relation to each issue as to whether any Dealer participating in the issue 
of Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes for the purpose of the MiFID II Product Governance Rules. 
 
This Prospectus may contain forward-looking statements and assumptions regarding future market conditions, operations and results. Such forward-looking statements and 
information are based on the beliefs of the Issuer's management or are assumptions based on information available to the Group. The words "considers", "intends", "deems", 
"expects", "anticipates", "plans" and similar expressions indicate some of these forward-looking statements. Other such statements may be identified from the context. Any 
forward-looking statements in this Prospectus involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors which may cause the actual results, performances or 
achievements of the Group to be materially different from any future results, performances or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. 
Further, such forward-looking statements are based on numerous assumptions regarding the Group's present and future business strategies and the environment in which 
the Group will operate in the future. Although the Issuer believes that the forecasts of, or indications of future results, performances and achievements are based on 
reasonable assumptions and expectations, they involve uncertainties and are subject to certain risks, the occurrence of which could cause actual results to differ materially 
from those predicted in the forward-looking statements and from past results, performances or achievements. Further, actual events and financial outcomes may differ 
significantly from what is described in such statements as a result of the materialisation of risks and other factors affecting the Group's operations. Such factors of a significant 
nature are mentioned in the section "Risk factors" below.  
 
This Prospectus shall be read together with all documents that are incorporated by reference, see subsection "Documents incorporated by reference" under section "Other 
information" below, and possible supplements to this Prospectus.

--- Page 3 ---
3 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
RISK FACTORS
4
DEFINITIONS
20
DESCRIPTION OF THE MTN PROGRAMME
21
STATEMENT OF RESPONSIBILITY
41
DESCRIPTION OF THE GROUP
42
MANAGEMENT
49
HISTORICAL FINANCIAL INFORMATION
54
OTHER INFORMATION
56
GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS
58
FORM OF FINAL TERMS
120
ADDRESSES
131

--- Page 4 ---
4 
 
RISK FACTORS 
Risk factors deemed to be of importance for the Group's business and future development and risks 
relating to the Notes are described below. The risk factors presented below are categorised as "RISKS 
RELATING TO THE GROUP" or "RISKS RELATING TO THE NOTES" on the basis of whether they pertain 
to the Group or to the Notes. The risk factors categorised as "RISKS RELATING TO THE GROUP", are 
categorised as risk factors pertaining to the Group and not as risk factors pertaining to the Issuer, as 
the major part of the business operations in the Group are conducted by the Issuer's subsidiaries. The 
materiality of the risk factors is disclosed by the use of a qualitative ordinal scale of low, medium or 
high. The assessment of the materiality of the risk factors have been based on the probability of their 
occurrence and the expected magnitude of their negative impact. 
 
 
RISKS RELATING TO THE GROUP 
 
Risks related to the structure of the Group 
 
Low level risk 
 
Management risk  
The Issuer has conducted business since the beginning of 2018. The Issuer is dependent upon its senior 
management, being Christian Fredrixon (CEO), Pia-Lena Olofsson (CFO and Head of IR), Lauri Tiensuu 
(COO), Iiris Eestilä (CIO Finland), Peter Lövgren (CIO Sweden) and Marcus Kruus (CIO Norway and 
Denmark), for the implementation of its strategy and the operation of its activities. As per the financial 
quarter ended 31 March 2024, the Group had eleven employees and thus, due to the Group's limited 
number of employees, the Group is dependent on each employee for the Group's business. In 
addition, the Group will depend on the services and products of certain other consultants, contractors 
and other service providers in order to successfully pursue the Group's business plan. There is a risk 
that the Group cannot purchase new management services or other necessary services or products 
on favourable terms, or at all, which would have an adverse effect on the Group's business, financial 
condition and the Noteholders' recovery under the Notes.  
 
Risks related to the property industry 
 
Medium level risk 
 
Market risk  
Real estate investment risk is linked to the value of the real estate. This risk can thus be defined as 
those factors that influence property valuations. The main factors are the supply and demand for 
commercial properties, as well as the yield that investors are willing to accept when purchasing real 
estate. The real estate market is influenced by the vacancy rate in the market. The vacancy rate is in 
turn influenced by several factors on both a micro and macro level. Negative changes in the general 
economic situation, including business and private spending, may adversely affect the demand for 
commercial premises. The free capacity is also influenced by construction and refurbishment activity. 
Further, the real estate market is influenced by the demand for the type of real estate that the Group 
owns, mainly being daily goods and supermarket properties. The type of real estate owned by the 
Group involves certain risks due to that during certain periods there might be fierce competition for a 
few real estate objects, which are properties on which it is suitable to have daily goods and 
supermarket chains as tenants, and it might be difficult for the Group to purchase desired objects at 
the desired price. In other periods, it might be difficult for the Group to sell real estate objects at the

--- Page 5 ---
5 
 
desired price. A decrease in the value of the Properties would adversely affect the valuation of the 
Group's property portfolio and hence having a negative impact on the Group's business, financial 
position and results. 
 
The Group operates its business in the Nordic region and the Group's business is mainly concentrated 
to Finland, Sweden, Denmark and Norway. As per the financial quarter ended 31 March 2024, the 
Group owned 451 properties in the Nordics, of which 267 properties are located in Finland, 125 
properties are located in Sweden, 37 properties are located in Denmark and 22 properties are located 
in Norway. Accordingly, the Group's property holdings are especially risk exposed towards 
macroeconomic factors that affect those parts of the Nordic region. Furthermore, the supply and 
demand of real estate, and accordingly the yield on real estate investments differ between different 
geographical markets and may develop differently within different geographical markets. The demand 
for real estate may decrease in one geographical market even if the demand does not decrease in the 
rest of the Nordic region. This may lead to increased vacancies, lower future rental rates and/or 
decreasing market values of the properties. If one or several of these factors would develop 
negatively, this could have a significant negative impact on the Group's business, financial position 
and results. 
 
Low level risks 
 
Transaction risk 
From time to time the Group evaluates potential property acquisitions that are in line with the Group's 
strategic objectives and the Group has also made such acquisitions in the past. There is a risk that 
there are unforeseen costs in recent or future acquisitions due to, including but not limited to, 
environmental remediation, re-organisation and handling technical issues, official decisions, the 
occurrence of a dispute related to an acquisition and the condition of a property, which are unknown 
to the Group and that such unidentified risks will have an adverse effect on the Group's business, 
earnings or financial position. Recent acquisitions comprise the Group's acquisition of six grocery 
anchored assets in Sweden for SEK 87.5 million.  
 
Future acquisitions may also include undertakings by the Group to pay additional purchase price to 
the sellers, e.g. for remediation costs of contaminated soil. Such additional payments may have an 
adverse effect on the financial position of the Group. 
 
There is a risk that future acquisition activities will present certain financial, managerial and 
operational risks, including difficulties when integrating or separating businesses from existing 
operations and challenges presented by acquisitions which does not achieve rent levels and 
profitability that justify the investments made by the Group. If the ongoing or future acquisitions are 
not successfully integrated, there is a risk that the Group's business, financial condition and results of 
operations will be adversely affected. There is also a risk that future acquisitions will result in the 
incurrence of debt, contingent liabilities, amortisation costs, impairment of goodwill or restructuring 
charges, any of which will have an adverse effect in the Group's business, earnings or financial 
position. Furthermore, pending or planned acquisitions may not be completed for various reasons. If 
such pending or planned acquisitions are not completed, this may have an adverse effect on the 
Group's results, which may impact the Issuer's ability to repay the Notes (as applicable). 
 
Property risk and rental income 
The Group's business mainly revolves around acquiring, developing, owning, managing and divesting 
real estate, primarily within the segment daily goods and supermarket properties. Approximately 
97 per cent. of total rental income derives from grocery and daily-goods properties. The Group is 
dependent on the returns from the Properties, which in turn will depend largely upon the amount of

--- Page 6 ---
6 
 
rental income generated from the Properties, the costs and expenses incurred in the maintenance, 
renovation, repair and management of the Properties, necessary investments in the Properties and 
upon changes in their market value. Rental income and the market value for properties are generally 
affected by overall conditions in the economy, such as growth in gross domestic product, employment 
trends, inflation and changes of interest rates. Both property values and rental income may also be 
affected by competition from other property owners, or the perceptions of prospective buyers and/or 
the attractiveness from tenants, convenience and safety of the Properties. A decrease in the property 
value and/or rental income may have an adverse effect on the Group's business, earnings or financial 
position. As per the financial year ended 31 December 2023, the Group's rental income from the 
Properties amounted to approximately EUR 119,128,000. An increase or a decrease in the rental 
income by 10 per cent. would affect the value of the Properties negatively or positively (as applicable) 
by approximately EUR 186,163,000. In particular, as per the financial year ended 31 December 2023, 
approximately 70 per cent. of the rental income stemmed from the Finnish Properties and, thus, 
making the Group especially dependent on the rental income stemmed from the Finnish Properties. 
 
Terminal value risk 
Property and property related assets are inherently difficult to appraise due to the individual nature 
of each property and due to the fact that there is not necessarily a liquid market or clear price 
mechanism. As the Group has a niched property portfolio strategy, i.e. acquiring, refining and 
developing properties with daily goods and supermarket chains as tenants, valuations of the 
Properties may be subject to substantial uncertainties. There is a risk that the estimates resulting from 
the valuation process will not reflect the actual sales price. Any future property market recession or 
any future property recession in respect of the type of real estate owned by the Group, would 
materially adversely affect the value of the Properties and subsequently the Issuer's financial position, 
its ability to refinance certain or all of its outstanding debts, including the Notes. As per the financial 
year ended 31 December 2023, the value of the Properties amounted to approximately 
EUR 1,798,000,000 and an increase or a decrease in the value of the Properties by 5 per cent. would 
affect the value of the Properties negatively or positively (as applicable) by approximately 
EUR 89,900,000. 
 
Legal and regulatory risks  
The Group's business concept is to acquire, manage and develop properties. Therefore, changes in 
laws relating to ownership of land could have an adverse effect on the financial condition of the Group. 
In addition, the Group is subject to various local laws and regulations in Finland, Sweden, Denmark 
and Norway. New laws may be introduced which affect environmental planning, land use and/or 
development regulations. Government authorities at all levels are actively involved in the 
promulgation and enforcement of regulations relating to taxation, land use and zoning and planning 
restrictions, environmental protection and safety and other matters. The institution and enforcement 
of such regulations would have the effect of increasing the expenses and lowering the income or rate 
of return from the Issuer, as well as adversely affecting the value of the Properties. Government 
authorities could use the right of expropriation of the Properties if the requirements for expropriations 
are satisfied. Any expropriation will entitle the Group to compensation but the Group's financial 
condition may, irrespective of such compensation, be negatively affected. 
 
Operational and maintenance costs 
Operational and maintenance costs are material costs for the Group amounting to approximately 
EUR 20,195,000 as per the financial year ended 31 December 2023. The operational costs mainly 
consist of costs which are fare related, such as cost for electricity, cleaning, water, heating, 
construction, utilities and administration expenses. Several of these goods and services can only be 
bought from a single operator on the market, which may affect the price. The operational costs are 
also subject to seasonal variations and weather conditions, such as prolonged colder periods resulting

--- Page 7 ---
7 
 
in increased costs, as well as other similar unpredictable events entailing increased operational costs 
in relation to the Group's property portfolio. Further inflation and other index related measures may 
have a larger impact on operational costs than the Group's earnings which may adversely affect the 
Group's earning as such cost may not be able to be forwarded to the Group's tenants and customers. 
Thus, there is a risk that the increase in costs cannot be compensated through regulation in the Lease 
Agreements, or rental increases through renegotiations of the Lease Agreements, there is a risk that 
it may have a negative impact on the Group's business, financial position and results. As per the 
financial year ended 31 December 2023, an increase or a decrease in the operational and maintenance 
costs relating to the Properties by 5 per cent. would increase or decrease (as applicable) such cost by 
approximately EUR 1,009,750. 
 
Risks related to tenants  
 
Medium level risk 
 
Risk relating to existing and new tenants 
The Lease Agreements have been entered into with different tenants with approximately 87 per cent. 
of the Properties anchored by tenants such as Kesko, Tokmanni, S-Group, Coop, Dagrofa, Lidl and 
Halpa-Halli making the Group dependable on any of these tenants and their ability to perform their 
obligations under the Lease Agreements (e.g. service rent). There is a risk that many Properties would 
become vacant should either of such anchor tenants suffer financial distress. Should either of the 
anchor tenants be unable to perform their obligations under the Lease Agreements, this would have 
an adverse effect on the Group's financial condition. 
 
Furthermore, there are certain risks involved with obtaining new tenants. New potential tenants might 
imply higher counterparty risks for the Group compared to previous tenants. The Group's strategy is 
to attract tenants with strong creditworthiness and leading market positions and the Group's ability 
to do so and to successfully negotiate new lease agreements on favourable terms, e.g. the Group's 
ability to enter into long-term leases, is dependent upon the general condition of the real estate 
market at such time. Further, the premises owned by the Group may have to be renovated and 
adjusted to serve a new tenant, or several tenants instead of a few tenants, which could result in 
increased costs for the Group. Should such risks materialise, this would affect the Group's financial 
condition negatively.  
 
Missing and terminated lease security  
Several lease security under the Lease Agreements are either missing or have expired, and some Lease 
Agreements do not require lease security to be provided. Therefore, the relevant Group Companies 
may not have security for breaches by tenants under certain Lease Agreements. As a consequence, to 
the extent no lease security is valid or has been provided in relation to a Lease Agreement, the Group 
Companies acting as landlords under the Lease Agreements may incur unforeseen loss due to a 
tenant's inability or lack of willingness to fulfil its obligations, such as payment of rent, set out in a 
Lease Agreement. This, in turn, would have a negative effect on the Group's liquidity and ability to pay 
interest under the Notes. 
 
Risks related to environmental matters 
 
Low level risk 
 
Environmental and technical risk  
According to the polluter pays-principle established under applicable environmental legislation, the 
operator who has caused pollution will be responsible for remediation. However, should it not be

--- Page 8 ---
8 
 
possible to locate the polluter or if the polluter cannot be held responsible, the property owner can 
secondarily be held responsible for remediation and associated costs. Accordingly, there is a risk that 
the members of the Group in their capacity as property owners may be held responsible for costly 
remediation works. A change of the purpose of use of the Properties to a more sensitive use, if any, 
would increase such risk. The allocation of costs relating to soil and groundwater contamination can 
be agreed otherwise between the respective parties, which is the case in respect of most Properties. 
Therefore, in certain cases, the risk of the members of the Group is more severe than solely under 
applicable laws.  
 
Some Properties or areas adjacent to the Properties are included in the Finnish national soil database 
system (Fi. Maaperän tilan tietojärjestelmä) (MATTI) or the Swedish MIFO register (Sw. Metodik för 
Inventering av Förorenade Områden), which lists certain contaminated and potentially contaminated 
land areas in Finland and Sweden, respectively. Further, there is or has been contamination, or there 
is a known risk of contamination, in respect of some Properties or areas adjacent to the Properties, 
e.g. in respect of the Properties identified in the risk "Risks relating to contaminated soil". If authorities 
require remediation of contaminated areas, there is a risk that certain members of the Group are 
responsible for the related costs. Further, there is no evidence of radon surveys or radon management 
structures in relation to several Properties. If and to the extent future radon investigations show 
elevated radon concentrations, the property owner would be liable for corrective measures to the 
extent such costs are not borne by the tenants. The contamination may also restrict the use of the 
Properties. The above claims, and the restriction of the use of the Properties, may have an adverse 
effect on the Issuer's operations, results and financial position. 
 
Financial risks 
 
High level risk 
 
Refinancing risk 
The Group has, apart from the Notes, incurred financial indebtedness under, including but not limited 
to, (i) certain bank loans, which as per the financial quarter ended 31 March 2024 amounted to an 
aggregated amount of approximately EUR 886,454,000 and (ii) a perpetual hybrid notes loan under 
the MTN Programme in an aggregate amount of approximately EUR 30,000,000 (although the 
perpetual hybrid notes have a perpetual maturity, the notes may first be redeemed on 17 September 
2026). In addition, (i) on 2 September 2022, the Company issued senior unsecured floating rate notes 
under the MTN Programme in a total amount of SEK 700,000,000 due in September 2025, (ii) on 1 
December 2022, the Company issued senior unsecured floating rate notes under the MTN Programme 
in a total amount of EUR 70,000,000 due in December 2025, (iii) on 25 January 2024 the Company 
issued senior unsecured floating rate notes under the MTN Programme in a total amount of EUR 
50,000,000 due in February 2027, (iv) on 2 April 2024, the Company issued senior unsecured floating 
rate notes under the MTN Programme in a total amount of EUR 80,000,000 due in April 2028 and (v) 
on 2 April 2024, the Company issued senior unsecured floating rate notes under the MTN Programme 
in a total amount of SEK 700,000,000 due in October 2027. In April 2022, the Group incurred financial 
indebtedness under a bank loan relating to the acquisition of the Danish Properties in an aggregate 
amount of approximately DKK 938,200,000. There is a risk that the Group will be required to refinance 
some or all of its outstanding debt, including the Notes, in order to be able to continue the operations 
of the Group. The Issuer's ability to successfully refinance its debt depends on, among other things, 
conditions of debt capital markets and its financial condition at such time. Even if debt capital markets 
are open, there is a risk that the Issuer will not have access to financing on favourable terms, or at all. 
Should the Issuer be unable to refinance its debt obligations on favourable terms, or at all, it would 
have a significant negative effect on the Group's business, financial condition and result of operation 
and on the Noteholders' recovery under the Notes.

--- Page 9 ---
9 
 
 
Medium level risks 
 
Borrowing by the Group and interest risk 
The Group has incurred, and may further incur, financial indebtedness to finance its business 
operations. The financial indebtedness, including the Notes, and any future financing arrangements 
of the Group may generate interest costs which may be higher than the gains produced by the 
investments made by the Group. Borrowing money to make investments will increase the Group's 
exposure to the loss of capital and higher interest expenses. Further, the Group is exposed to changes 
in interest rates through its financing agreements that carry floating rates of interest. Interest rates 
are affected by a number of factors that are beyond the control of the Group, including but not limited 
to, the interest rate changes by central banks and fiscal policy measures by governments. 
 
As per the financial quarter ended 31 March 2024, the Group's bank loans had an average weighted 
floating interest margin of 1.7 per cent. and a weighted average tenor of 1.7 years. The Group holds 
interest rate hedges corresponding to 100% of the Group's bank loans as per the financial quarter 
ended 31 March 2024. The Group's senior unsecured bond loans have an interest rate of three month 
STIBOR plus a margin of 5.95 per cent., three month EURIBOR plus a margin of 7.00 per cent., three 
month EURIBOR plus a margin of 4.00 per cent., three month EURIBOR plus a margin of 4.00 per cent. 
and three month STIBOR plus a margin of 3.50 per cent., respectively, and will mature in September 
2025, December 2025, February 2027, April 2028 and October 2027, respectively. The Company's 
perpetual hybrid notes loan under the MTN Programme carry an interest rate of three month EURIBOR 
plus a margin of 4.75 per cent.  
 
The financial statement of the Group for the financial quarter ended 31 March 2024 contains a 
sensitivity analysis commenting that the effect on profit of a 1 per cent. increase in the market interest 
rates would be negative in the amount of about approximately EUR 450,000 on an annual basis. The 
effect on profit of a 2 per cent. Increase would be a negative approximately EUR 900,000 on an annual 
basis.  
 
There is a risk that the increase in interest rates would entail an increase in the Group's interest 
obligations, which would have a significant negative effect on the Group's business, financial position 
and result of operation. 
 
Further, certain existing financial arrangements in the Group contain undertakings which, if breached 
and not waived, could result in such existing financing being accelerated and becoming due and 
payable. In particular, there are cross-default clauses in the existing financing of the Issuer stating, 
inter alia, that if any financial indebtedness of the Group (including the Notes (as applicable)) is 
declared to be or otherwise becomes due and payable prior to its specified maturity it constitutes an 
event of default under the existing financing. An obligation to prepay any existing financing could have 
an adverse effect on the Group's operations, financial position and results. 
 
Security over assets granted to third parties 
Subject to the terms of its existing financing from time to time, the Issuer has, and may incur 
additional, financial indebtedness and provide additional security for such indebtedness. The Group 
has granted security under the current debt facilities including security over, inter alia, property 
mortgage certificates, shares, accounts, intragroup loans, and rental income. As security has been 
granted in favour of a third-party debt provider, and may be granted to additional debt providers, the 
Noteholders will, in the event of bankruptcy, re-organisation or winding-up of the Issuer, be 
subordinated in right of payment out of the assets being subject to security provided to such third-
party debt providers. In addition, if any such third-party debt provider holds security provided by the

--- Page 10 ---
10 
 
Group were to enforce such security due to a default by any company within the Group under the 
relevant finance documents, such enforcement would have a material adverse effect on the Group's 
assets, operations and financial position, and the rights of the Noteholders to receive payments under 
the Notes. 
 
Ability to service debt 
The Issuer's ability to service its debt (including under the Notes) will depend upon, among other 
things, the Group's future financial and operating performance, which will be affected by prevailing 
economic conditions and financial, business, regulatory and other factors, some of which are beyond 
the Group's control. If the Group's operating income is not sufficient to service its current or future 
indebtedness, the Group will be forced to take actions such as reducing or delaying its business 
activities, acquisitions, investments or capital expenditures, selling assets, restructuring or refinancing 
its debt or seeking additional equity capital. There is a risk that the Group will not be able to affect any 
of these remedies on satisfactory terms, or at all. This would have a significant negative effect on the 
Group's operations, earnings, results and financial position. 
 
Low level risks 
 
Risks related to currency 
The Group has a multi-national business model and the reporting currency for the Issuer is EUR. The 
Group's primary operations and cash flows are typically denominated in EUR, SEK, DKK and NOK. The 
Group tries to match the currency for its assets and liabilities. As per the financial quarter ended 
31 March 2024, the Group had not entered into any currency derivative or hedging arrangement. 
However, for the assets denominated in DKK and NOK, approximately 50 per cent. of the assets are 
matched, whereas 50 per cent. remain unmatched and for the assets denominated in SEK, 
approximately 70 per cent. of the assets are matched, whereas 30 per cent. remain unmatched. 
Therefore, the Group is exposed to fluctuations between DKK, NOK and/or SEK and the Group's 
reporting currency EUR. Furthermore, should the Group enter into any new markets, the Group may 
be exposed to additional currencies as a consequence of such geographical expansion of its business 
operations.  
 
The Issuer is depending on other companies within the Group  
All of the Group's assets and revenues relate to the Issuer's direct and indirect subsidiaries. The Issuer 
is thus dependent upon receipt of sufficient income and cash flow related to the operations of the 
subsidiaries. Consequently, the Issuer is dependent on the subsidiaries' availability of cash and their 
legal ability to pay management fees and make dividends. The subsidiaries are legally distinct from 
the Issuer and have no obligation to make payments to the Issuer of any profits generated from their 
business. The ability of the subsidiaries to make payments to the Issuer is restricted by, among other 
things, the availability of funds, corporate restrictions and legal restrictions (e.g. limitations on value 
transfers). The Group or its assets may not be protected from any actions by the creditors of any 
subsidiary of the Group, whether under bankruptcy law, by contract or otherwise. In addition, defaults 
by, or the insolvency of, certain subsidiaries of the Group could result in the obligation of the Group 
to make payments under parent company financial or performance guarantees in respect of such 
subsidiaries' obligations or the occurrence of cross defaults on certain borrowings of the Group. 
Should the Issuer not receive sufficient income from its subsidiaries, there is a risk that the 
Noteholders' ability to receive interest payments and the Group's financial condition may be adversely 
affected.

--- Page 11 ---
11 
 
RISKS RELATING TO THE NOTES 
 
Risks related to the nature of the Notes 
 
Medium level risks 
 
The Noteholders are exposed to credit risks  
Investors in the Notes assume a credit risk towards the Group. The payments to Noteholders under 
the applicable Loan Terms are therefore dependent on the Issuer's and the Group's ability and 
willingness to meet its payment obligations, which in turn is largely dependent upon the performance 
of the Group's operations and its financial position. The Group's financial position is affected by several 
factors, some of which have been mentioned above. An increased credit risk may cause the market to 
charge the Notes a higher risk premium, which would have an adverse effect on the value of the Notes. 
Another aspect of the credit risk is that a decline in the financial position of the Group may reduce the 
prospects of the Group to receive debt financing at the time of the maturity of the Non-Subordinated 
Notes, which may have an adverse effect on the Noteholders' right to receive payment under such 
Notes. 
 
Interest rate risks in relation to the Notes  
Notes with floating rate interest 
The value of Notes issued with a floating interest rate depends on several factors, one of the most 
significant over time being the level of market interest. Notes issued with a floating interest rate bear 
interest at a floating rate of e.g. 3 month of the relevant interest-rate benchmarks (being either CIBOR, 
EURIBOR, NIBOR or STIBOR) plus a margin and the interest rate of such Notes is determined two 
business days prior to the first day of each respective interest period. Hence, the interest rate of Notes 
issued with a floating rate is to a certain extent adjusted for changes in the level of the general interest 
rate. There is a risk that an increase of the general interest rate level will adversely affect the value of 
Notes issued with a floating rate interest. The general interest level is to a high degree affected by the 
Swedish and the international financial development and is outside the Group's control. 
 
Notes with fixed rate interest 
The value of Notes issued with a fixed interest rate depends on several factors, one of the most 
significant over time being the level of market interest. There is a risk that the market price of Notes 
issued with a fixed rate interest may be negatively affected as a result of changes in the level of market 
interest rates. The general interest level is to a high degree affected by the international financial 
development and is outside the Group's control. Generally, longer term of the Notes entails a higher 
risk that the value of the Notes may be adversely affected should the general interest rate level 
increase over time. 
 
Currency risks  
The Notes will be denominated and payable in EUR, SEK, DKK or NOK. If Noteholders measure their 
investment return by reference to a currency other than EUR, SEK, DKK or NOK (as applicable), an 
investment in the Notes will entail foreign exchange-related risks due to, inter alia, possible significant 
changes in the value of EUR, SEK, DKK or NOK (as applicable) relative to the currency by reference to 
which Noteholders measure the return on their investments. Furthermore, payments from the 
relevant CSD to the Noteholders under the Notes will be made in the currency the relevant Notes are 
denominated in. If a Noteholder would not be able to receive payments in that currency, the relevant 
payment will be exchanged into the currency such Noteholder can receive payments in, which may 
entail an exchange rate risk for Noteholders. This could cause a decrease in the effective yield of the 
Notes below their stated coupon rates and could result in a loss to Noteholders when the return on

--- Page 12 ---
12 
 
the Notes is translated into the currency by reference to which the Noteholders measure the return 
on their investments. As a result, there is a risk that Noteholders may receive less interest or principal 
than expected, or no interest or principal. 
 
Low level risks 
 
Benchmark Regulation 
Interest payable on Notes with a floating interest rate will be calculated by reference to the relevant 
interest rate benchmark. The process for determining CIBOR, EURIBOR, NIBOR or STIBOR and other 
interest-rate benchmarks is subject to an on-going reform process that has already resulted in a 
number of legislative acts and other regulations. Some of these acts and regulations have already been 
implemented whilst some are set to be implemented in the near future. The most extensive initiative 
in this respect to date is the Benchmark Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 of the European 
parliament and of the council of 8 June 2016 on indices used as benchmarks in financial instruments 
and financial contracts or to measure the performance of investment funds and amending Directives 
2008/48/EC and 2014/17/EU and Regulation (EU) No 596/2014). The Benchmark Regulation came into 
force on the 1 January 2018. The Benchmark Regulation addresses the provision of benchmarks, the 
contribution of input data to benchmarks and the use of benchmarks within the European Union. The 
effect of the Benchmark Regulation cannot yet be fully determined due, among other things, to the 
limited time period that the regulation has been applicable. However, there is a risk that the 
Benchmark Regulation will affect how certain benchmarks are determined and how they develop in 
the future. This could, for example, lead to increased volatility regarding some benchmarks. A further 
potential risk is that increased administrative requirements, and resulting regulatory risk, may 
discourage stakeholders from participating in the production of benchmarks, or that some 
benchmarks cease to be provided. If this would happen in respect of a benchmark that is used for the 
Notes, it could potentially have negative effects for the Noteholders. 
 
Risks relating to benchmark replacement 
Pursuant to the General Terms and Conditions, the relevant interest rate benchmark for the Notes 
may be replaced, from time to time, (i) upon the occurrence of an Interest Base Event or (ii) if an 
Interest Base Announcement has been made and the announced Interest Base Event will occur within 
six months. There is, however, a risk that a replacement of the relevant interest rate benchmark may 
lead to that Noteholders receive less interest than expected under the relevant Notes, or that no 
Successor Interest Base or (if there is no Successor Interest Base) Alternative Interest Base can be 
determined at the relevant time, which could have adverse effects for the Noteholders. 
 
Risks relating to Green Notes 
Notes issued as Green Notes are defined as Green Notes according to the Issuer's green notes 
framework as it is worded on the issue date of the relevant Green Notes. The Issuer's green notes 
framework, as well as market practice for green notes, may be amended and develop after the 
relevant issue date of the Green Notes, thus affecting any of the requirements applicable to the Issuer 
in respect of any subsequent Green Notes. There is a risk that Green Notes does not fit all investors' 
expectations, requirements, wishes or specific investment mandate.  
 
The European Commission has adopted the taxonomy regulation (Regulation (EU) 2020/852 on the 
establishment of a framework to facilitate sustainable investment), entered into force on 1 January 
2023 (the "Taxonomy Regulation"). The Taxonomy Regulation entails stricter requirements in terms 
of assessing sustainable investments. The Taxonomy Regulation may affect the assessment of Green 
Notes and should the Issuer not comply with the requirements under the Taxonomy Regulation with 
respect to Green Notes, the Green Notes may cease to be defined as "green" under the Taxonomy 
Regulation. Amendments to the Issuer's green notes framework or the Taxonomy Regulation after the

--- Page 13 ---
13 
 
relevant issue date of any Green Notes will not affect the conditions applicable to the Notes issued as 
at the relevant issue date prior to such amendments. In addition to the Taxonomy Regulation, the 
European Commission has adopted European green bond regulation (Regulation (EU) 2023/2631 on 
European Green Bonds and optional disclosures for bonds marketed as environmentally sustainable 
and for sustainability-linked bonds) (the "EUGB Regulation"). The EUGB Regulation entered into force 
on 20 December 2023 and will apply from 21 December 2024. The purpose of the EUGB Regulation is 
to create a voluntary EU standard for green bonds. Provided that the requirements of the Taxonomy 
Regulation and the EU standard of the EUGB Regulation are fulfilled, Notes can also be accredited as 
European Green Bonds provided that the requirements for being accredited as European Green Bonds 
was met at the time of issuance of the relevant Notes, including e.g. completing the European Green 
Bond factsheet and ensuring that the completed European Green Bond factsheet has been subject to 
a pre-issuance review with a positive opinion by an external reviewer. This Prospectus does not meet 
the requirements for Notes being accredited as European Green Bonds and only Notes that fulfils the 
requirements set out in the EUGB Regulation after the EUGB Regulation has started to apply (i.e. on 
20 December 2024) and provided that the requirements set out therein are satisfied prior to the 
relevant Notes being issued can be accredited as European Green Bonds.  
 
There is a risk that the proceeds from Green Notes will not be used in accordance with the Green 
Notes Framework and that the classification of Loans issued as Green Notes or projects identified as 
Green Eligible Projects (as defined below) under the relevant Green Notes Framework, will be affected 
by the Taxonomy Regulation and that such Loans will no longer be qualified or classified as a 
sustainable asset in accordance with the Taxonomy Regulation. There is also a risk that the Issuer fails 
to identify Green Eligible Projects, and that selected Green Eligible Projects do not achieve or comply 
with the requirements in the relevant Green Notes Framework.  
 
Under the applicable Loan Terms for each Loan, the Issuer may redeem all outstanding 
Non-Subordinated Notes under a relevant Loan before the final redemption date. An early redemption 
may adversely impact the Issuer's ability to meet the targets set out in the Green Notes Framework. 
There is a risk that this could adversely impact investors' expectations, requirements, wishes or 
specific investment mandate.  
 
The Issuer's failure to comply with its green notes framework, the Taxonomy Regulation and/or the 
EUGB Regulation does not constitute an event of default under any Loan Terms, and would not permit 
Noteholders to exercise any early redemption rights or receive any other type of compensation for 
non-compliance with the Issuer's green notes framework, the Taxonomy Regulation and/or the EUGB 
Regulation. Hence, there is a risk that expectations of investors, insofar such expectations are related 
to the compliance with the Issuer's green notes framework, the Taxonomy Regulation and/or the 
EUGB Regulation, are not met. Changes in the Issuer's green notes framework, the Taxonomy 
Regulation and/or the EUGB Regulation may have an adverse effect on the Issuer's operations and 
financial position. 
 
Risks relating to Sustainability-Linked Notes 
Notes issued as Sustainability-Linked Notes are defined as Sustainability-Linked Notes according to the 
Issuer's sustainability-linked notes framework as it is worded on the issue date of the relevant 
Sustainability-Linked Notes. Sustainability-Linked Notes shall follow the criteria set out in the relevant 
Sustainability-Linked Notes Framework in respect of a Loan and are linked to certain sustainability 
performance targets. If the Sustainability-Linked Interest Increase or Sustainability-Linked 
Redemption Premium is applicable to certain Sustainability-Linked Notes and the applicable 
Sustainability Performance Targets in respect of that Loan are met, the interest rate will not be 
increased and no premium will be applicable to the relevant redemption amount, which could have a 
negative effect on an investment in the Notes. Correspondingly, if the Sustainability-Linked Interest

--- Page 14 ---
14 
 
Decrease is applicable to certain Sustainability-Linked Notes and the Sustainability Performance 
Targets in respect of that Loan are met, the interest rate will be decreased. 
 
The Issuer's sustainability-linked notes framework, as well as market practice for sustainability-linked 
notes, may be amended and develop after the relevant issue date of the Sustainability-Linked Notes, 
thus affecting any of the requirements applicable to the Issuer in respect of any subsequent 
Sustainability-Linked Notes. There is uncertainty as to what extent the Taxonomy Regulation and/or 
the EUGB Regulation may affect the Sustainability-Linked Notes Framework and the classification of 
any Sustainability-Linked Notes. Amendments to the Issuer's sustainability-linked notes framework 
after the relevant issue date of any Sustainability-Linked Notes will not affect the conditions applicable 
to the Notes issued as at the relevant issue date prior to such amendments.  
 
There is a risk that the proceeds from Sustainability-Linked Notes will not be used in accordance with 
the Sustainability-Linked Framework and that the classification of Loans issued as Sustainability-Linked 
Notes or that the relevant KPIs and SBTs (each as defined below) under the relevant Sustainability-
Linked Framework, will be affected by the Taxonomy Regulation and that such Loans will no longer be 
qualified to be classified as a sustainable asset in accordance with the Taxonomy Regulation. There is 
also a risk that the Issuer fails to identify relevant KPIs and/or SBTs, and that selected KPIs and/or SBTs 
do not achieve or comply with the requirements in the relevant Sustainability-Linked Framework. As 
per the Issuer's Sustainability-Linked Framework existing on the date of this Prospectus, the Issuer has 
elected the below KPIs and SPTs. 
 
KPI 1  
SBTi approved greenhouse gas emission reduction targets 
SPT 1 
Approval of near term GHG emission reduction targets no later than 30 June 2024 
 
KPI 2 
Reduction of Scope 1, 2 & 3 greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions 
SPT 2 
By end of 2030, Cibus aims to reduce greenhouse gas emissions per square meter (kg 
CO2e/m2) by 65% from a 2022 base year. 
 
There is a risk that the Issuer fails to meet the relevant SBTs, and that the Issuer do not achieve the 
KPIs in the relevant Sustainability-Linked Notes Framework. In relation to SPT 1 there is a risk of 
potential delays in the process of submitting SBTs and getting approval by the SBTi. In relation to SPT 2, 
the main GHG emissions in Cibus' operations take place in Scope 3, which is, emissions resulting from 
heating and electricity consumption in properties where the purchases are made by the tenant and, 
for which, Cibus lacks operational control over. Although the Issuer's property area to a large degree 
is leased to anchor tenants with stated ambitions to reduce their overall climate footprint or to achieve 
climate neutrality by 2025 or 2030, there is a risk that the Issuer will not have control over the GHG 
emissions and that the relevant SPT will, thus, not be met.  
 
Under the applicable Loan Terms for each Loan, the Issuer may redeem all outstanding 
Non-Subordinated Notes under a relevant Loan before the final redemption date. An early redemption 
may adversely impact the Issuer's ability to meet the KPIs set out in the Sustainability-Linked Notes 
Framework. There is a risk that this could adversely impact investors' expectations, requirements, 
wishes or specific investment mandate. 
 
The Issuer's failure to comply with its sustainability-linked notes framework or if a Loan ceases to be 
classified in the same way as per the relevant issue date of such Loan in accordance with the Taxonomy 
Regulation and/or the EUGB Regulation, does not constitute an event of default under any Loan 
Terms, and would not permit Noteholders to exercise any early redemption rights or receive any other 
type of compensation for non-compliance with the Issuer's sustainability-linked notes framework, the 
Taxonomy Regulation and/or the EUGB Regulation. Hence, there is a risk that expectations of

--- Page 15 ---
15 
 
investors, insofar such expectations are related to the compliance with the Issuer's sustainability-
linked notes framework, are not met. Changes in the Issuer's sustainability-linked notes framework, 
the Taxonomy Regulation and/or the EUGB Regulation may have an adverse effect on the Issuer's 
operations and financial position. 
 
Risks relating to any credit rating of the Notes 
The Issuer may in the future seek a rating from one or more independent credit rating agencies for 
the purpose of facilitating issuances of additional debt instruments on the capital markets in the 
future. There is a risk that the Group will not be able to procure such rating, or that such potential 
rating may be lower than expected, or downgraded at a later stage, each of which could result in that 
it will be more difficult for the Issuer to pursue its financing strategy, which in turn could have an 
adverse effect on the Issuer's operations and financial condition. 
 
Risks related to Non-Subordinated Notes 
 
Medium level risk 
 
Risks related to early redemption and partial repayment of the Non-Subordinated Notes 
Under the applicable Loan Terms for each Loan, the Issuer may redeem all outstanding 
Non-Subordinated Notes under a relevant Loan before the final redemption date. If such 
Non-Subordinated Notes are redeemed before the final redemption date, the Noteholders of such 
Non-Subordinated Notes have the right to receive an early redemption amount which exceeds the 
nominal amount in accordance with the relevant Loan Terms. However, there is a risk that the market 
value of such Non-Subordinated Notes is higher than the early redemption amount (including the 
premium) and that it may not be possible for Noteholders to reinvest such proceeds at an effective 
interest rate as high as the interest rate on the relevant Non-Subordinated Notes and may only be 
able to do so at a significantly lower rate.  
 
In addition, if the outstanding nominal amount of Non-Subordinated Notes under a Loan (whereby 
Non-Subordinated Notes held by a Group Company shall not be considered as "outstanding") is 20 per 
cent. or lower, the Issuer may, as specified in the applicable Loan Terms, redeem or repurchase all but 
not some only of the Non-Subordinated Notes outstanding (clean-up call). If the Non-Subordinated 
Notes are redeemed or repurchased pursuant to such clean-up call, the Noteholders have a right to 
receive a clean- up redemption amount. There is a risk that the relevant clean-up redemption amount 
received by Noteholders is lower than the applicable call option amount as specified in the applicable 
Loan Terms.  
 
Low level risk 
 
Put option 
Pursuant to the General Terms and Conditions, the Non-Subordinated Notes are subject to 
prepayment at the option of each Noteholder (put option) if: 
 
(i) 
an event or series of events occur whereby one or more persons acting together, acquire 
control over the Issuer and where control means (a) acquiring or controlling, directly or 
indirectly, more than 50 per cent. of the voting shares of the Issuer, or (b) the right to, 
directly or indirectly, appoint or remove the whole or a majority of the directors of the 
board of directors of the Issuer; or 
 
(ii) 
an event occurs whereby (a) the Issuer's shares are delisted from Nasdaq Stockholm or 
any other MTF or regulated market, or (b) trading of the Issuer's shares on the

--- Page 16 ---
16 
 
aforementioned MTF or regulated market is suspended for a period of 15 consecutive 
business days. 
 
There is, however, a risk that the Issuer will not have sufficient funds at the time of such prepayment 
to make the required prepayment of the Non-Subordinated Notes which would adversely affect the 
Issuer, e.g. by causing insolvency or an event of default under the General Terms and Conditions, and 
thus adversely affect all Noteholders and not only those that choose to exercise the option. 
 
Risks related to Subordinated Notes 
 
Medium level risks 
 
Subordinated Notes have no maturity date 
Notes issued as Subordinated Notes are perpetual, meaning that the Subordinated Notes have no 
specified maturity date. The Issuer is not obliged to redeem the Subordinated Notes at any time and 
the Noteholders have no option to redeem the Subordinated Notes at any time. The Issuer may only 
redeem the Subordinated Notes in the circumstances described below in "Redemption and repurchase 
of Subordinated Notes". Therefore, there is a risk that Noteholders may be required to bear financial 
risks of the investment in the Subordinated Notes for a long period of time and may not recover their 
investment before a redemption of the Subordinated Notes (if any) at the discretion of the Issuer (in 
particular if there is no active trading on the secondary market). There is a risk that each Noteholder 
may lose the whole, or parts of, its investment in the event the Issuer chooses not to redeem the 
Subordinated Notes.  
 
Risks related to redemption and repurchase of Subordinated Notes 
Upon the occurrence of an Accounting Event, a Rating Event, a Tax Event, a Withholding Tax Event, or 
any combination of the foregoing, or a Change of Control Event, the Issuer may redeem all, but not 
some only, of the Subordinated Notes, together with any Deferred Interest and any accrued but 
unpaid interest on such Subordinated Notes. However, the occurrence of any of these events do not 
entitle any of the Noteholders to enforce and accelerate the Subordinated Notes. 
 
In addition, the Issuer may elect to redeem the Subordinated Notes in whole, but not some only, on 
the relevant call dates as specified in the applicable Loan Terms for the relevant Loan and at a price as 
specified in the applicable Loan Terms of such Loan. Furthermore, the Issuer and/or any Group 
Company may, subject to restrictions in accordance with the applicable Loan Terms, at any time and 
at any price purchase Subordinated Notes on the market or in any other way, and Subordinated Notes 
held by a Group Company may at such Group Company's discretion be retained, sold or, if held by the 
Issuer, cancelled, provided that the aggregate principal amount of the Subordinated Notes under a 
Loan subject to such cancellation represents 80 per cent. or more of the aggregate principal amount 
of the Subordinated Notes issued under such Loan. In addition, if the outstanding nominal amount of 
Subordinated Notes under a Loan (whereby Subordinated Notes held by a Group Company shall not 
be considered as "outstanding") is 20 per cent. or lower, the Issuer may, as specified in the applicable 
Loan Terms, redeem or repurchase all but not some only of the Subordinated Notes outstanding 
(clean-up call). 
 
If the Subordinated Notes are redeemed or repurchased, the Noteholders have the right to receive a 
redemption amount as specified in the applicable Loan Terms of the relevant Subordinated Notes, 
which may exceed the nominal amount of the Subordinated Notes. However, there is a risk that the 
market value of the Subordinated Notes is higher than the redemption amount and that it may not be 
possible for Noteholders to reinvest such proceeds at an effective interest rate as high as the interest 
rate on the Subordinated Notes and may only be able to do so at a significantly lower rate.

--- Page 17 ---
17 
 
 
Deferral of interest under the Subordinated Notes 
The Issuer may at any point and at its own discretion, elect to defer any Interest Payment, in whole or 
in part, which is otherwise scheduled to be paid on an Interest Payment Date (except on any Interest 
Payment Date on which the Subordinated Notes are to be redeemed) for Subordinated Notes by giving 
notice to the Noteholders, the Agent and the Issuing Dealer before the relevant Interest Payment 
Date. Should interest on any Subordinated Notes be deferred in accordance with the General Terms 
and Conditions, the Issuer has no obligation to make such payment on the relevant Interest Payment 
Date. Furthermore, any such non-payment of interest does not constitute a default or any other 
breach of obligations under the Subordinated Notes. 
 
Any Deferral of Interest Payments may have an adverse effect on the value and market price of the 
Subordinated Notes. The availability to defer interest may also result in that the market price for the 
Subordinated Notes is more volatile than otherwise would be the case for market prices of other 
securities in respect of which interest accrues over pre-determined interest periods. In addition, the 
possibility to defer Interest Payments may expose the Noteholders to fluctuations in the Issuer's 
financial position and may result in that the yield of the Subordinated Notes are less foreseeable for 
Noteholders. 
 
The Subordinated Notes represents deeply subordinated debt obligations 
The Subordinated Notes represents deeply subordinated debt obligations of the Issuer. Should the 
Issuer be subject to e.g. bankruptcy, re-organisation, winding-up or any other bankruptcy or 
insolvency proceedings, the Noteholders would normally have a right to receive payment after all 
other creditors of the Issuer has been paid in full. Hence, should any of these events occur, the 
Noteholders' claims for the principal amount of their Subordinated Notes and any accrued and unpaid 
interest thereon will rank pari passu with any present or future claims in respect of obligations of the 
Issuer in relation to Parity Securities in accordance with the General Terms and Conditions. 
Furthermore, Noteholders' claims of payment in respect of Subordinated Notes will rank junior in right 
of payment to any present or future claims of all unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer and all 
Subordinated Indebtedness. In relation to an Issuer Winding-up, the Noteholders' of Subordinated 
Notes claims will rank in priority to all present future claims in respect of the shares of the Issuer and 
any other obligation of the Issuer expressed to rank junior to the Subordinated Notes or any Parity 
Securities. 
 
In the event of a shortfall of funds upon the occurrence of an Issuer Winding-up and/or bankruptcy, 
re-organisation or winding-up or any other bankruptcy or insolvency proceedings of the Issuer, there 
is a risk the relevant Noteholders may lose all or most of its investment in the Subordinated Notes and 
that a Noteholder may not receive any return of the principal amount nor any accrued but unpaid 
interest (including any Deferred Interest). Due to such subordination, payments to a Noteholder will, 
upon the occurrence of any of these events as described in the General Terms and Conditions, only 
be made after all obligations of the Issuer resulting from higher ranking claims have been satisfied. 
There is a risk that a Noteholder of Subordinated Notes may recover less than holders of 
unsubordinated or other subordinated liabilities of the Issuer that are ranking senior to the 
Subordinated Notes.  
 
Noteholders of the Subordinated Notes have very limited rights in relation to the 
enforcement of payments on the Subordinated Notes 
The Noteholders of Subordinated Notes rights of enforcement in respect of payments under the 
Subordinated Notes are subject to significant limitations. If a default is made by the Issuer for a period 
of 30 days or more in relation to the Issuer's payment of any interest, principal or premium in respect 
of the Subordinated Notes which is due and payable, the rights of such Noteholders in respect of the

--- Page 18 ---
18 
 
Subordinated Notes are limited to instituting proceedings for an Issuer Winding-up, and the relevant 
Noteholders may prove and/or claim in respect of the Subordinated Notes in an Issuer Winding-up. In 
addition, the relevant Noteholders of Subordinated Notes shall not be entitled to accelerate payments 
of interest or principal under the Subordinated Notes in any circumstance outside an Issuer 
Winding-up, and, thus, there is a risk that such Noteholders may not recover their investment in the 
Subordinated Notes. 
 
Whilst the claims of the relevant Noteholders of Subordinated Notes in an Issuer Winding-up are for 
the principal amount of such Noteholders' Subordinated Notes together with any Deferred Interest 
and any other accrued and unpaid interest, such claims will be subordinated as provided above under 
the "The Subordinated Notes represents deeply subordinated debt obligations", accordingly, claims in 
respect of the Subordinated Notes would rank junior to claims in respect of unsubordinated 
obligations of the Issuer in the event of an Issuer Winding-up. The Noteholders of Subordinated Notes 
shall not be entitled to accelerate payments of interest or principal under the Subordinated Notes in 
any circumstances outside an Issuer Winding-up. 
 
Furthermore, whilst the relevant Noteholders may institute other proceedings against the Issuer to 
enforce the applicable Loan Terms of such Subordinated Notes, the Issuer shall not, by virtue of such 
proceedings, be obliged to pay any sum or sums sooner than the same would otherwise have been 
payable by it. Accordingly, such Noteholders' rights of enforcement in respect of payments under the 
Subordinated Notes are very limited. 
 
Accounting risks relating to the treatment of the Subordinated Notes 
The Subordinated Notes are treated as equity pursuant to the applicable accounting principles of the 
Issuer (initially being IFRS), and consequently, the Subordinated Notes will not be accounted as 
financial liabilities. If changes were to be made to the relevant accounting principles, after which the 
Subordinated Notes would no longer be treated as equity and be classified as financial liabilities of the 
Issuer, this could have an adverse effect on the Group's financial position due to an increase in 
financial liabilities of the Issuer. In addition, such change in accounting standards may trigger the 
occurrence of an Accounting Event, which could lead to the redemption of the Subordinated Notes. If 
this risk would materialise, it could have negative effects for the Noteholders.  
 
Risks related to the Noteholders' rights and representation 
 
Low level risks 
 
The rights of the Noteholders depend on the Agent's actions and financial standing 
By subscribing for, or accepting the assignment of, any Note, each Noteholder has accepted the 
appointment of the agent (initially being Nordic Trustee & Agency AB (publ)) (the "Agent") to act on 
its behalf and to perform administrative functions relating to the Notes. The Agent shall have, among 
other things, the right to represent the Noteholders in all court and administrative proceedings in 
respect of the Notes. However, the rights, duties and obligations of the Agent as the representative 
of the Noteholders are subject to the provisions of the General Terms and Conditions, and there is no 
specific legislation or market practice in Sweden (under which laws the General Terms and Conditions 
are governed) which govern the Agent's performance of its duties and obligations relating to the 
Notes. There is a risk that a failure by the Agent to perform its duties and obligations properly or at all 
will have a negative effect on the enforcement of the rights of the Noteholders. 
 
The Agent may be replaced by a successor Agent in accordance with the General Terms and 
Conditions. Generally, the successor Agent has the same rights and obligations as the retired Agent. It 
may be difficult to find a successor Agent with commercially acceptable terms or at all. Further, there

--- Page 19 ---
19 
 
is a risk that that the successor Agent would breach its obligations under the above documents or that 
insolvency proceedings would be initiated against it. 
 
There is a risk that materialisation of any of the above risks will have a negative effect on the 
enforcement of the rights of the Noteholders and the rights of the Noteholders to receive payments 
under the Notes. 
 
No action against the Issuer and Noteholders' representation  
In accordance with the General Terms and Conditions, the Agent represents all Noteholders in all 
matters relating to the Notes and the Noteholders are prevented from taking unilateral actions against 
the Issuer or any other member of the Group. Consequently, individual Noteholders do not have the 
right to take legal actions to declare any default by claiming any payment from or enforcing any 
security granted by the Issuer or any other member of the Group and may therefore have no effective 
legal remedies unless and until a requisite majority of the Noteholders agree to take such action. 
However, there is a risk that an individual Noteholder may take unilateral action against the Issuer or 
any other Group Company (in breach of the General Terms and Conditions). This would adversely 
affect an acceleration of the Notes or other actions against the Issuer or any other member of the 
Group.  
 
To enable the Agent to represent Noteholders in court, the Noteholders and/or their nominees may 
have to submit separate written powers of attorney for legal proceedings. If the Noteholders fail to 
submit such a power of attorney this could have a negative effect on the legal proceedings. Under the 
General Terms and Conditions, the Agent will in some cases have the right to make decisions and take 
measures that are binding upon all Noteholders. Consequently, the actions of the Agent in such 
matters would impact a Noteholder's rights under the General Terms and Conditions in a manner that 
could be undesirable for some Noteholders. 
 
Noteholders' meetings and written procedures 
The General Terms and Conditions includes certain provisions regarding Noteholders' meetings and 
written procedures. Such meetings or written procedures may be held in order to decide on matters 
relating to the Noteholders' interests. The General Terms and Conditions allows for stated majorities 
to bind all Noteholders, including Noteholders who have not taken part in the meeting or written 
procedure and those who have voted differently to the required majority at a duly convened and 
conducted Noteholders' meeting or written procedure. Consequently, the actions of the majority in 
such matters could impact a Noteholder's rights in a manner that would be undesirable for some of 
the Noteholders.

--- Page 20 ---
20 
 
Definitions  
 
Coop
Coop Sverige AB, corporate identification number 556710-
5480 
 
Dagrofa
Dagrofa aps, corporate identification number 38714295
 
Danish Portfolio or Danish 
Properties 
The 36 properties in Denmark owned by the Group as per 
31 March 2024 
 
Finnish Portfolio or Finnish 
Properties 
The 267 properties in Finland owned by the Group as per 
31 March 2024 
 
Kesko
Kesko Oyj, corporate identification number 0109862-8
 
Lease Agreements
All lease agreements in the Portfolio
 
MREC
Shall have the meaning ascribed thereto in section 
"Description of the Group", subsection "Finnish real estate 
companies" 
 
Norwegian Portfolio or
Norwegian Properties 
The 22 properties in Norway owned by the Group as per 
31 March 2024 
 
Portfolio or Properties
The Danish Properties, the Finnish Properties, the Norwegian 
Properties and the Swedish Properties 
REC
Shall have the meaning ascribed thereto in section 
"Description of the Group", subsection "Finnish real estate 
companies" 
 
S-Group
The 19 regional and local cooperatives, several corporate 
identification 
numbers, 
and 
Suomen 
Osuuskauppojen 
Keskuskunta (SOK Corporation), corporate identification 
number 0116323-1 
 
Swedish Portfolio or 
Swedish Properties 
The 125 properties in Sweden owned by the Group as per 
31 March 2024 
 
Tokmanni
Tokmanni Oy, corporate identification number 1928426-9

--- Page 21 ---
21 
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE MTN PROGRAMME 
The following summary contains basic information about the MTN Programme. It is not intended to 
be complete and it is subject to important limitations and exceptions. Potential investors should 
therefore carefully consider this Prospectus as a whole, including documents incorporated by 
reference, before a decision is made to invest in the Notes. For a more complete understanding of the 
MTN Programme and the Notes, including certain definitions of terms used in this summary, see the 
General Terms and Conditions. 
 
General 
Issuer
Cibus Nordic Real Estate AB (publ).
 
General information
The Issuer has established the MTN Programme for the 
purpose of issuing Notes in DKK, EUR, NOK or SEK. Non-
Subordinated Notes may be issued with different 
maturities in accordance with the Final Terms and 
Subordinated Notes will be issued with no maturity at all 
in accordance with the General Terms and Conditions. The 
Notes may not be issued with a Nominal Amount of less 
than EUR 100,000 (or the equivalent amount in DKK, NOK 
or SEK). Each issue of Notes is given a specific loan 
identification number (ISIN) in the applicable Final Terms.
 
General 
Terms 
and 
Conditions and the Final 
Terms 
Notes issued under the MTN Programme are governed by 
the General Terms and Conditions together with the 
applicable Final Terms. The General Terms and Conditions 
apply to all Notes issued under the MTN Programme. The 
applicable Final Terms in respect of an issue of Notes are 
specified in relation to the Notes on the basis of the form 
of final terms set out in section "Form of Final Terms" 
below. The applicable Final Terms must be read together 
with the General Terms and Conditions (jointly referred to 
as the "Loan Terms").  
 
The Final Terms specify, inter alia, if the Notes are Non-
Subordinated Notes or Subordinated Notes, if the Notes 
are issued as Green Notes, if the Notes are issued as 
Sustainability-Linked Notes, the Issue Date, the basis for 
interest calculation, possible rights of early redemption 
and the maturity (if any). The Final Terms in relation to an 
offer to invest in the Notes, or in relation to Notes that are 
admitted to trading on a Regulated Market, will be 
submitted for registration by the Swedish Financial 
Supervisory Authority (Sw. Finansinspektionen) (the 
"SFSA"), as soon as possible and in any event prior to an 
application is made for admission to trading of the 
relevant Notes on a Regulated Market (as applicable). 
Final Terms in relation to each issue of Notes issued under 
the MTN Programme will also be made available on the 
Issuer's webpage and the Agent's webpage.

--- Page 22 ---
22 
 
Arrangers 
The Issuer has appointed Danske Bank A/S, Danmark, 
Sverige filial and Nordea Bank Abp as Arrangers under the 
MTN Programme. The Arrangers have not verified and are 
not responsible for the contents of this Prospectus. 
 
Dealers
The Issuer has appointed Danske Bank A/S, Danmark, 
Sverige filial, Nordea Bank Abp, OP Corporate Bank plc 
Pareto Securities AB and Swedbank AB (publ) as Dealers 
under the MTN Programme. Additional Dealers may be 
appointed and Dealers may withdraw from its 
appointment. The Dealers have not verified and are not 
responsible for the contents of this Prospectus. 
 
Form of Notes
Notes 
will 
constitute 
debt 
instrument 
(Sw. 
skuldförbindelse) for the Nominal Amount and of the type 
set forth in Chapter 1 Section 3 of the Central Securities 
Depositories and Financial Instruments Accounts Act in 
respect of Euroclear Notes, and in Chapter 2 Section 1 (2) 
of the Norwegian Central Securities Depository Act in 
respect of VPS Notes. 
 
Clearing and settlement
Notes will be issued in dematerialised book entry form 
and registered on a Securities Account on behalf of the 
relevant Noteholder. No physical notes have been or will 
be issued. Euroclear Notes will be connected to the 
account based system of Euroclear Sweden AB 
("Euroclear") and maintained by Euroclear pursuant to 
the Central Depositories and Financial Instruments 
Accounts Act. VPS Notes will be connected to the account 
based system of Verdipapirsentralen ASA ("VPS") and 
maintained by VPS pursuant to the Norwegian Securities 
Register Act. 
 
Payment of principal, interest and, if applicable, any 
withholding tax will be made through Euroclear's and/or 
VPS' book entry system (as applicable). Euroclear's and/or 
VPS' addresses are include in the Section "Addresses" 
below. 
 
Status of Non-Subordinated 
Notes 
Non-Subordinated 
Notes 
will 
constitute 
direct, 
unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured debt 
obligations of the Issuer and shall at all times rank pari 
passu and without any preference among themselves and 
shall rank at least pari passu with all other present and 
future unsubordinated and unsecured obligations (except 
those obligations preferred by law) of the Issuer. 
 
Status 
of 
Subordinated 
Notes 
Subordinated Notes, including the obligation to pay 
interest 
thereon, 
constitute 
direct, 
general, 
unconditional, unsecured and subordinated obligations of

--- Page 23 ---
23 
 
the Issuer. The rights and claims of the Noteholders in 
respect of the Subordinated Notes against the Issuer are 
subordinated as described below. 
 
In the event of:  
 
(a) 
an Issuer Winding-up, the Noteholders shall, in 
respect of their Subordinated Notes and any 
accrued and unpaid interest (including any Deferred 
Interest) thereon and such claims will rank: 
(i) 
pari passu without any preference among 
themselves and with any present or future 
claims in respect of obligations of the Issuer 
in respect of Parity Securities; 
(ii) 
in priority to all present and future claims in 
respect of: 
(A) 
the shares of the Issuer; and 
(B) 
any other obligation of the Issuer 
expressed by its terms as at its 
original issue date to rank junior to 
the Subordinated Notes or any Parity 
Securities; and 
(iii) 
junior in right of payment to any present or 
future claims of: 
(A) 
all unsubordinated obligations of the 
Issuer; and 
(B) 
all Subordinated Indebtedness; or 
(b) 
a 
company 
re-organisation 
(Sw. 
företagsrekonstruktion) of the Issuer under the 
Swedish 
Company 
Reorganisation 
Act, 
the 
Noteholders shall, in respect of their Subordinated 
Notes, have a claim for the principal amount of their 
Subordinated Notes and any accrued and unpaid 
interest (including any Deferred Interest) thereon 
and such claims will rank: 
(i) 
pari passu without any preference among 
themselves and with any present or future 
claims in respect of obligations of the Issuer 
in respect of Parity Securities; and 
(ii) 
junior in right of payment to any present or 
future claims of: 
(A) 
all unsubordinated obligations of the 
Issuer; and 
(B) 
all Subordinated Indebtedness. 
 
Claims in respect of the share capital of the Issuer are not 
subject to loss absorbing measures under a company re-
construction of the Issuer. 
 
Subject to applicable law, no Noteholder may exercise, 
claim or plead any right of set-off, compensation or

--- Page 24 ---
24 
 
retention in respect of any amount owed to it by the Issuer 
in respect of, or arising under or in connection with the 
Subordinated Notes and each Noteholder shall, by virtue 
of its holding of any Subordinated Note, be deemed to 
have waived all such rights of set-off, compensation or 
retention. 
 
Use of proceeds
The proceeds received by the Issuer under the MTN 
Programme shall be applied as specified in the Final Terms 
for the applicable Notes. The proceeds received by the 
Issuer of any Green Notes (as further described below) 
shall be used in accordance with the Green Notes 
Framework. The proceeds received by the Issuer of any 
Sustainability-Linked Notes (as further described below) 
shall be used in accordance with the Sustainability-Linked 
Notes Framework. 
 
Green Notes
The Issuer may issue Green Notes under the MTN 
Programme. In such case, the Issuer shall make the Green 
Notes Framework (including the second opinion issued for 
the purpose of such framework) available on the website 
of the Issuer (www.cibusnordic.com) setting out the terms 
and conditions applicable to Green Notes. The Green 
Notes Framework shall apply to a Loan if the applicable 
Final Terms specifies that Green Notes are applicable.  
The Issuer's green notes framework may from time to 
time be updated by the Issuer. Amendments to the 
Issuer's green notes framework made after the issue date 
for a particular Loan will not apply to Noteholders under 
that Loan. Failure by the Issuer to comply with the Green 
Notes Framework in respect of particular Green Notes will 
not constitute an Event of Default in accordance with the 
applicable Loan Terms, and will not give rise to any right 
to redemption or repurchase of such Green Notes or any 
other compensation in such event. 
The European Commission has adopted the Taxonomy 
Regulation, which entered into force on 1 January 2023, 
providing a common classification system aimed at 
facilitating the classification of sustainable investments. 
The Taxonomy Regulation entails stricter requirements in 
terms of assessing sustainable investments. In addition to 
the Taxonomy Regulation, the European Commission has 
adopted the EUGB Regulation, which will enter into force 
on 21 December 2024. The purpose of the EUGB 
Regulation is to create a voluntary EU standard for green 
bonds. The Issuer's failure to comply with the Taxonomy 
Regulation and/or the EUGB Regulation does not 
constitute an event of default under any Loan Terms, and 
would not permit Noteholders to exercise any early 
redemption rights or receive any other type of

--- Page 25 ---
25 
 
compensation for non-compliance with the Taxonomy 
Regulation and/or the EUGB Regulation. 
The Issuer has published a Green Notes Framework dated 
May 2020 for issues of Green Notes under this MTN 
Programme which is available on the website of the Issuer 
(www.cibusnordic.com) (the "Green Notes Framework 
(2020)"). The Green Notes Framework (2020) applies to 
the outstanding Green Notes issued under the final terms 
for loan no. 103 dated 29 August 2022 and any other Loan 
if it is stated in the Final Terms of such Loan that the Green 
Notes and the Green Notes Framework (2020) are 
applicable. The Green Notes Framework (2020) has been 
developed in alignment with the Green Bond Principles 
published in June 2018 established by the International 
Capital Markets Association (ICMA). The Green Notes 
Framework (2020) is adapted to the four recommended 
components of the Green Bond Principles; (i) use of 
proceeds, (ii) process for project/asset evaluation and 
selection, (iii) management of proceeds and (iv) reporting. 
The Green Bond Principles published in June 2018 are 
voluntary process guidelines for issuing Green bonds 
established by International Capital Markets Association 
(ICMA).  
An amount equivalent to the net proceeds from the Green 
Notes shall be used to finance or refinance, in part or in 
full, Eligible Assets providing distinct environmental 
benefits ("Green Eligible Assets (2020)"). The Company 
will continuously exercise its professional judgement, 
discretion and sustainability expertise when identifying 
the Green Eligible Assets (2020). Green Eligible Assets 
(2020) must relate to one of the following categories: 
(a) 
all new construction, existing and acquired 
buildings that either have or with the objective to 
receive:  
 
(i) 
an energy performance certificate (EPC) 
of class A or B in Finland and EPC of class 
A, B or C in Sweden; or 
 
(ii) 
one 
of 
the 
following 
certifications 
including the lowest indicated levels: LEED 
Gold, BREEAM Very Good, BREEAM In-Use 
Very 
Good, 
Nordic 
Swan 
Ecolabel, 
Miljöbyggnad Silver; or 
 
(b) 
major renovations resulting in reduced energy 
consumption of at least 30%.

--- Page 26 ---
26 
 
Green Eligible Assets (2020) under "Green and energy 
efficient buildings" are based on the market value of such 
assets reported in the balance sheet, at time of the cut-off 
date for annual reporting of the Green Notes. 
The net proceeds of the Green Notes will not be used to 
finance fossil fuel energy generation, nuclear energy 
generation, the weapons and defense industries, 
potentially environmentally negative resource extraction, 
gambling or tobacco. 
Any unallocated proceeds may temporarily be placed in 
the liquidity reserve or any other treasury business and 
managed accordingly by Cibus. Should there be any 
unallocated proceeds, Cibus strives to allocate them 
within one year. 
The selection of Green Eligible Projects is managed by a 
dedicated group, the Green Finance Committee ("GFC 
2020"). Members of the GFC 2020 consist of the CEO, CFO 
and CIO in Finland and CIO in Sweden. All decisions are 
made in consensus, and that applies to the selection 
process of Green Eligible Projects (2020) as well. A list of 
Green Eligible Projects (2020) is kept by the Finance 
Department which is responsible for making sure this list 
is up to date. Swedbank AB (publ) has acted as advisor to 
Cibus in the establishment of the Green Notes Framework 
(2020). Further, the Green Finance Framework is reviewed 
by an impartial firm, Sustainalytics, which has provided a 
second opinion to confirm its alignment with the 
applicable principles.  
The Issuer has also published a Green Notes Framework 
dated July 2023 for issues of Notes under this MTN 
Programme which is available on the website of the Issuer 
(www.cibusnordic.com) (the "Green Notes Framework 
(2023)"). The Green Notes Framework (2023) applies to 
the outstanding Green Notes issued under the final terms 
for loan no. 105 dated 25 January 2024, the final terms for 
loan no. 106 dated 21 March 2024, the final terms for loan 
no. 107 dated 21 March 2024 and any other Loan if it is 
stated in the Final Terms of such Loan that the Green 
Notes and the Green Notes Framework dated July 2023 
are applicable. The Green Notes Framework (2023) has 
been developed in alignment with the Green Bond 
Principles published in June 2021 (with June 2022 
Appendix I) established by International Capital Markets 
Association (ICMA) and the Green Loan Principles from 
2023 established by, among others, the Loan Market 
Association. 
The Green Notes Framework (2023) has been evaluated in 
July 2023 by the independent research firm ISS Corporate

--- Page 27 ---
27 
 
Solutions which confirmed that the framework as aligned 
with ICMA's principles, hold a high level of ambition, and 
contribute to the UN Sustainable Development Goals 
specified in the frameworks. 
The Green Notes Framework (2023) is adapted to the four 
recommended components of the Green Bond Principles 
and the Green Loan Principles; (i) use of proceeds, (ii) 
process for project/asset evaluation and selection, (iii) 
management of proceeds and (iv) reporting. Any 
unallocated proceeds may temporarily be placed in the 
liquidity reserve or any other treasury business and 
managed accordingly by Cibus. Should there be any 
unallocated proceeds, Cibus strives to allocate them 
within one year.  
In accordance with the Green Finance Framework (2023), 
an amount equivalent to the net proceeds from the Green 
Notes shall be used to finance or re-finance, in whole, or 
in part, a portfolio of green eligible projects ("Green 
Eligible Projects (2023)" and together with the Green 
Eligible Projects (2020), the "Green Eligible Projects"). 
Eligible projects are both capital expenditures/CAPEX 
(could either be reported directly in the income statement 
or capitalized on the balance sheet) and operational 
expenditures/OPEX. 
CAPEX 
does 
not 
have 
any 
requirement for look-back period, while OPEX does have 
a requirement of maximum three-year look-back period 
from the time of issuance of Green Notes. Green Eligible 
Projects (2023) aims to enable climate change mitigation 
as well as provide distinct environmental benefits and 
comply with criteria detailed in the table on the following 
page. The Company will continuously exercise its 
professional judgement, discretion and sustainability 
expertise when identifying the Green Eligible Projects 
(2023). Green Eligible Projects (2023) must relate to one 
of the following categories: 
(a) 
new buildings (built after 31 December 2020) that 
have or will receive: 
 
(i) 
Primary Energy Demand (PED) at least 
10% lower than the threshold set for 
Nearly 
Zero-Energy 
Building 
(NZEB) 
according to national building regulations;
(ii) 
EPC A or B in Sweden, Finland, Norway & 
Denmark; or 
(iii) 
Minimum certification of LEED Gold or 
BREEAM Very Good or Miljöbyggnad 
Silver or an equivalent level form a 
certification scheme of energy use;

--- Page 28 ---
28 
 
(b) 
existing buildings (built before 31 December 2020) 
that have or will receive:  
 
(i) 
an energy performance certificate (EPC) 
of class A or within the top 15% of the 
national building stock in terms of PED; 
(ii) 
minimum certification of LEED Gold or 
BREEAM Very Good/BREEAM in-Use Very 
Good or Miljöbyggnad Silver or an 
equivalent level from a certification 
scheme in term of energy use; 
 
(c) 
major renovations resulting in reduced energy 
consumption of at least 30%; or 
 
(d) 
energy efficiency measures relating to direct costs 
such as installation of solar panels, heating 
pumps, converting to LED lighting, improvements 
in ventilation systems, extension of district 
heating and cooling systems, improvements, and 
implementation of Building Automation and 
Control Systems, Energy Management Systems 
(EMS) as well as infrastructure for electric vehicles 
or hybrid vehicles. 
 
The net proceeds of the Green Notes will not be used to 
finance fossil fuel energy generation, nuclear energy 
generation, the weapons and defense industries, 
potentially environmentally negative resource extraction, 
gambling or tobacco. 
The selection of Green Eligible Projects (2023) is managed 
by a dedicated group, the Green Finance Committee ("GFC 
2023"). Members of the GFC 2023 consist of the COO and 
the CIOs in the respective country. All decisions are made 
in consensus, and that applies to the selection process of 
Green Eligible Projects (2023) as well. A list of Green 
Eligible Projects (2023) is kept by the Finance Department 
which is responsible for making sure this list is up to date. 
The list of Green Eligible Projects (2023) is monitored by 
GFC on a regular basis during the term of the Green Notes 
to ensure that the proceeds are sufficiently allocated to 
Green Eligible Projects (2023). Swedbank AB (publ) has 
acted as advisor to Cibus in the establishment of the 
Green Notes Framework dated July 2023. Further, the 
Green Notes Framework is reviewed by an impartial firm 
(ISS Corporate Solutions), which has provided a second 
opinion to confirm its alignment with the applicable 
principles.  
To enable investors, lenders, and other stakeholders to 
follow the development of the Green Eligible Projects

--- Page 29 ---
29 
 
(2023) funded by Green Financing Instruments (as defined 
in the Green Notes Framework (2023)) (including the 
Green Notes), a Green Finance Report will be made 
available on the Issuer's website. The Green Finance 
Report will include an allocation report and an impact 
report and will be published annually as long as there are 
Green Financing Instruments outstanding. 
 
Sustainability-Linked Notes
The Issuer may issue Sustainability-Linked Notes under 
the MTN Programme. In such case, the Issuer shall make 
the Sustainability-Linked Notes Framework (including the 
second opinion issued for the purpose of such framework) 
available 
on 
the 
website 
of 
the 
Issuer 
(www.cibusnordic.com) setting out the terms and 
conditions, together with the General Terms and 
Conditions and the relevant Final Terms, applicable to the 
Sustainability Linked Notes. The Sustainability Linked 
Notes Framework shall apply to a Loan if the applicable 
Final Terms specifies that Sustainability-Linked Notes are 
applicable.  
The Issuer's Sustainability-Linked Notes Framework may 
from time to time be updated by the Issuer. Amendments 
to the Issuer's Sustainability-Linked Notes Framework 
made after the issue date for a particular Loan will not 
apply to Noteholders under that Loan. Failure by the 
Issuer to comply with the Sustainability-Linked Notes 
Framework in respect of particular Sustainability-Linked 
Notes will not constitute an Event of Default in accordance 
with the applicable Loan Terms, and will not give rise to 
any right to redemption or repurchase of such 
Sustainability-Linked Notes or any other compensation in 
such event. 
The European Commission has adopted the Taxonomy 
Regulation, providing a common classification system 
aimed at facilitating the classification of sustainable 
investments. The Taxonomy Regulation entails stricter 
requirements 
in 
terms 
of 
assessing 
sustainable 
investments. In addition to the Taxonomy Regulation, the 
European Commission has adopted the EUGB Regulation, 
which will enter into force on 21 December 2024 for the 
purpose of creating a voluntary EU standard for green and 
sustainable bonds. The Issuer's failure to comply with the 
Taxonomy Regulation and/or the EUGB Regulation does 
not constitute an event of default under any Loan Terms, 
and would not permit Noteholders to exercise any early 
redemption rights or receive any other type of 
compensation for non-compliance with the Taxonomy 
Regulation and/or the EUGB Regulation.

--- Page 30 ---
30 
 
If the Final Terms of a Loan in respect of Sustainability-
Linked Notes specify Sustainability-Linked Interest Rate 
Increase as applicable to it, the Interest Rate (for Loans 
with fixed interest rate) or the Margin (for Loans with 
floating interest rate) may be increased with the 
Sustainability-Linked Interest Rate Increase as set out in 
the Final Terms subject to the terms and conditions set 
out in the General Terms and Conditions.  
If the Final Terms of a Loan in respect of Sustainability-
Linked Notes specify Sustainability-Linked Interest Rate 
Decrease as applicable to it, the relevant Interest Rate (for 
Loans with fixed interest rate) or the Margin (for Loans 
with floating interest rate) may be decreased with the 
Sustainability-Linked Interest Rate Decrease as set out in 
the Final Terms subject to the terms and conditions set 
out in the General Terms and Conditions.  
If the Final Terms of a Loan in respect of Sustainability-
Linked Notes specify Sustainability-Linked Redemption 
Premium as applicable to it, the relevant price for an early 
total redemption in accordance with Clause 10.3 
(Voluntary total redemption (call option)), or Clause 11.5 
(Non-Subordinated Notes Clean-up Call) or a repayment in 
full on the relevant Maturity Date of the Loan may be 
increased with the Sustainability-Linked Redemption 
Premium as set out in the Final Terms subject to the terms 
and conditions set out in the General Terms and 
Conditions. 
The Issuer has published a Sustainability-Linked Finance 
Framework dated July 2023 for issues of Notes under this 
MTN Programme which is available on the website of the 
Issuer (www.cibusnordic.com) (the "Sustainability-Linked 
Finance Framework"). The Sustainability-Linked Finance 
Framework applies to a Loan if it is stated in the Final 
Terms of such Loan that the Sustainability-Linked Notes 
and the Sustainability-Linked Finance Framework dated 
July 2023 are applicable. The Sustainability-Linked Finance 
Framework has been developed in alignment with the 
Sustainability-Linked Bond Principles published in June 
2023 established by International Capital Markets 
Association (ICMA) and the Sustainability-Linked Loan 
Principles published in February 2023 established by, 
among others, the Loan Market Association. 
The Sustainability-Linked Finance Framework has been 
evaluated in July 2023 by the independent research firm 
ISS Corporate Solutions which confirmed the framework 
as aligned with ICMA's principles and verifies that the 
Sustainability Performance Targets outlined in this 
Sustainability-Linked Finance Framework are meaningful,

--- Page 31 ---
31 
 
ambitious, and relevant in the context of the Issuer's 
broader sustainability and business strategy. 
The Sustainability-Linked Finance Framework is adapted 
to 
the 
five 
recommended 
components 
of 
the 
Sustainability-Linked 
Bond 
Principles 
and 
the 
Sustainability-Linked Loan Principles; (i) selection of key 
performance indicators, (ii) calibration of sustainability 
performance targets, (iii) characteristics of the finance 
instruments, (iv) reporting and (v) verification. 
Key Performance Indicators (KPIs) and Sustainability 
Performance Targets (SPTs): 
KPI 1 - SBTi approved greenhouse gas emission reduction 
targets 
Cibus seeks to have its near-term science-based targets 
(SBTs) for 2030 approved by the Science Based Target 
initiative (SBTi). Having fewer than 500 employees, Cibus 
falls under the SBTi’s small and medium-sized (SME) 
enterprise standard which covers Scope 1 & 2 emissions; 
 
SPT 1 - Approval of near term GHG emission reduction 
targets no later than 30 June 2024 
Cibus is in the process of developing the near-term SBTs 
(i.e. 2030) for its Scope 1 & 2 emissions for SBTi's small and 
medium-sized (SME) enterprise standard. Cibus is working 
with a third-party consultant to develop the SBTs. The SPT 
is reached if Cibus's CO2e emission reduction targets are 
validated by SBTi and published on the SBTi list of 
companies with validated targets (with 1.5°C target 
classification). 
 
KPI 2 - reduction of Scope 1, 2 & 3 greenhouse gas (GHG) 
emission 
Cibus aims to reduce emission intensity from own and 
tenants' energy consumption in properties, measured as 
greenhouse 
gas 
emissions 
per 
square 
meter 
(kgCO2e/m2). The KPI covers Scope 1 (mainly refrigerants 
and natural gas), Scope 2 (purchased energy for 
properties) and Scope 3 Category 13 (emissions from 
tenants’ energy consumption). Scope 3 Category 13 
emissions cover roughly 67% of Cibus's estimated total 
GHG emissions. Further definitions of Scope 1 and 2 and 3 
emissions are in accordance with the Greenhouse Gas 
Protocol.  
 
SPT 2 - By end of 2030, Cibus aims to reduce greenhouse 
gas emissions per square meter (kg CO2e/m2) by 65% 
from a 2022 base year. 
The most impactful emission reduction measures 
reflected in the scenario are switching from natural gas to

--- Page 32 ---
32 
 
other heating methods (Scope 1) and installation of heat 
pumps in connection to the major renovations of Finnish 
properties whose refurbishment is under Cibus’s 
responsibility (Scope 2). The remaining share of the 
managed assets in Finland is expected to move to green 
district heating in the managed properties (Scope 2) for 
which green district heating is available. Moreover, in the 
scenario Cibus is moving to purchase GO certified 
electricity solely in the properties managed by Cibus by 
2024 (Scope 2) and engage with the tenants expecting 
them to follow by 2030 (Scope 3). 
 
Swedbank AB (publ) has acted as advisor to Cibus in the 
establishment of the Sustainability-Linked Finance 
Framework. Further, the Green Notes Framework is 
reviewed by an impartial firm (ISS Corporate Solutions), 
which has provided a second opinion to confirm its 
alignment with the applicable principles. 
The Issuer shall publish the Sustainability-Linked Progress 
Reports on its website (www.cibusnordic.com) which 
describes the Issuer's performance in relation to the 
relevant Sustainability Performance Target(s) and includes 
the External Verifier's review and confirmation if the 
relevant Sustainability Performance Target(s) has been 
met on the relevant Target Observation Date(s). 
 
Price and interest
The issue price of any Notes may be at a discount, at par, 
or at a premium compared to the Nominal Amount. The 
price of and the interest applicable to the Notes cannot be 
established in advance, but is set in connection with the 
relevant issue on the basis of prevailing market 
conditions. 
 
Sales
Primary sales will take place through the Dealers receiving 
issue and trade instructions from the Issuer and the 
investor. Payments for and delivery of the Notes takes 
place through the relevant Issuing Dealer within Euroclear 
and/or VPS (as applicable). 
 
Admission to trading
Application for admission to trading of the Notes on the 
corporate bond list of Nasdaq Stockholm (and in respect 
of Green Notes and Sustainability-Linked Notes, the 
sustainable bond list of Nasdaq Stockholm) or any other 
Regulated Market may be made in accordance with the 
applicable Final Terms. The applicable Regulated Market 
will carry out its own assessment of the application and 
will approve or reject the admission to trading.  
 
Representation 
of 
the 
Noteholders 
Nordic Trustee & Agency AB (publ), Swedish reg. no. 
556882-1879 (or any other party replacing it in 
accordance with the General Terms and Conditions), is

--- Page 33 ---
33 
 
acting as Agent for the Noteholders in relation to the 
Notes and any other matter within its authority or duty in 
accordance with the General Terms and Conditions. 
 
By acquiring Notes, each subsequent Noteholder confirms 
such appointment and authorisation for the Agent to act 
on its behalf, on the terms, including rights and obligations 
of the Agent, as set out in the General Terms and 
Conditions.  
 
Governing law
The MTN Programme, the General Terms and Conditions, 
the applicable Final Terms, and any non-contractual 
obligations arising out of or in connection therewith, shall 
be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws 
of Sweden. 
 
Norwegian law will be applicable in respect of the 
registration of VPS Notes with VPS. Any dispute or claim 
arising in relation to any Loan Terms shall, be determined 
by Swedish courts and the District Court of Stockholm 
shall be the court of first instance. 
 
Time-bar
The right to receive repayment of the principal of Notes 
issued under the MTN Programme shall be time-barred 
and become void ten years from the relevant Maturity 
Date or Redemption Date (as applicable). The right to 
receive payment of Interest (excluding any capitalised 
Interest) shall be time-barred and become void three 
years from the relevant due date for payment.  
If a limitation period is duly interrupted in accordance with 
the Swedish Act on Limitations (Sw. preskriptionslag 
(1981:130)), a new time-bar period of ten years with 
respect to the right to receive repayment of the principal 
of the Notes, and of three years with respect to the right 
to receive payment of interest (excluding capitalised 
interest) will commence, in both cases calculated from the 
date of interruption of the time-bar period, as such date is 
determined pursuant to the provisions of the Swedish Act 
on Limitations. 
 
Transfer restrictions
Notes will be freely transferable but the Noteholders may 
be subject to purchase or transfer restrictions with regard 
to Notes, as applicable, under local laws to which a 
Noteholder may be subject. Each Noteholder must ensure 
compliance with such restrictions at its own cost and 
expense. 
Risk factors
Investing in Notes involves substantial risks and 
prospective investors should refer to the section "Risk 
Factors" for a description of certain factors that they

--- Page 34 ---
34 
 
should carefully consider before deciding to invest in 
Notes. 
 
Personal data
The Issuer, the Issuing Dealers, Administrative Agent, the 
Dealers, any IPA and the Agent may collect and process 
personal data relating to the Noteholders, the 
Noteholders' representatives or agents, and other 
Persons nominated to act on behalf of the Noteholders 
pursuant to the Loan Terms (name, contact details and, 
when relevant, holding of Notes). The personal data 
relating to the Noteholders is primarily collected from the 
registry kept by the CSD. The personal data relating to 
other Persons is primarily collected directly from such 
Persons. 
 
The processing of personal data by the Issuer, the Issuing 
Dealers, Administrative Agent, the Dealers, any IPA and 
the Agent is based on their legitimate interest to exercise 
their respective rights and to fulfil their respective 
obligations under the Loan Terms and on the fact that 
such processing is necessary for compliance with a legal 
obligation incumbent on the Issuer, the Issuing Dealers, 
Administrative Agent, the Dealers, any IPA or and the 
Agent. Unless otherwise required or permitted by law, the 
personal data collected will not be kept longer than 
necessary given the purpose of the processing. 
 
 
Product Description 
This section contains a general description of the constructions and terms applicable to an issue of 
Notes under the MTN Programme. The final constructions and terms of each Notes are set out in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Interest structures 
Interest construction
Notes issued under the MTN Programme may, in 
accordance with Clause 7 (Interest) of the General Terms 
and Conditions, be issued with fixed interest rate or 
floating interest rate. The applicable interest rate is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Fixed interest rate
In respect of Euroclear Notes with a fixed interest rate, 
interest accrues in accordance with the rate specified in 
the applicable Final Terms from (but excluding) the 
Interest Commencement Date, up to (and including) the 
relevant Maturity Date or Redemption Date (as 
applicable) specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
In respect of VSP Notes with a fixed interest rate, interest 
accrues in accordance with the rate specified in the

--- Page 35 ---
35 
 
applicable Final Terms from (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date up to (but excluding) the relevant 
Maturity Date or Redemption Date (as applicable) 
specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
 
Accrued interest for Notes with a fixed interest rate shall 
be paid in arrears on each Interest Payment Date and is 
calculated using the Day Count Convention specified in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Floating interest rate
In respect of Euroclear Notes with a floating interest rate, 
interest accrues in accordance with the rate specified in 
the applicable Final Terms from (but excluding) the 
Interest Commencement Date up to (and including) the 
relevant Maturity Date or Redemption Date (as 
applicable) specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
In respect of VPS Notes with a floating interest rate, 
interest accrues in accordance with the rate specified in 
the applicable Final Terms from (and including) the 
Interest Commencement Date up to (but excluding) the 
relevant Maturity Date or Redemption Date (as 
applicable) specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
 
The interest rate for Notes with a floating interest rate is 
calculated by the Agent on each Quotation Day and is 
comprised by the Interest Base plus the applicable Margin, 
as adjusted by an application of Clause 22 (Replacement 
of Interest Base) in the General Terms and Conditions, and 
shall in respect of VPS Notes, be notified to the IPA. 
Accrued interest for Notes shall be paid in arrears on each 
Interest Payment Date and is calculated using the Day 
Count Convention specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
If the Interest Base and the applicable Margin for the 
relevant period is below zero, the applicable Interest Rate 
shall be deemed to be zero. 
 
European Benchmark 
Regulation 
Interest rate payable on Notes issued with floating 
interest rate under the MTN Programme may be 
calculated by reference to certain benchmarks, being 
STIBOR, EURIBOR, NIBOR and CIBOR, in accordance with 
the General Terms and Conditions. EURIBOR is provided 
by the European Money Markets Institute, STIBOR is 
provided by Swedish Financial Benchmark Facility AB, 
NIBOR is provided by Norske Finansielle Referanser AS and 
CIBOR is provided by Danish Financial Benchmark Facility 
ApS. The European Money Markets Institute, Swedish 
Financial Benchmark Facility AB, Norske Finansielle 
Referanser AS and Danish Financial Benchmark Facility 
ApS are registered in the register of administrators and

--- Page 36 ---
36 
 
benchmarks maintained by the European Securities and 
Markets Authority (ESMA) pursuant to article 36 of 
Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 (the "Benchmark 
Regulation").  
 
Replacement of Interest 
Base 
In accordance with the General Terms and Conditions, if 
(i) an Interest Base Event or (ii) an Interest Base 
Announcement has been made and the announced 
Interest Base Event will occur within six months, the Issuer 
shall use all commercially reasonable endeavours to, as 
soon as reasonably practicable and at the Issuer's 
expense, appoint an Independent Adviser to determine, 
as soon as commercially reasonably, a Successor Interest 
Base or (if there is no Successor Interest Base) an 
Alternative Interest Base and, in each case, the 
Adjustment Spread and any Interest Base Amendments 
for purposes of determining and calculating the applicable 
Interest Base under a Loan. 
 
Interest Payment Dates
Interest Payment Dates will be specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
Interest in respect of 
Subordinated Notes 
Provided that a Positive Rating Event has not occurred 
prior to the Subordinated Notes Call Date, commencing 
from (but excluding) the Subordinated Notes Call Date, 
the Interest Rate in respect of each Interest Period shall 
be increased with the applicable Margin Premium 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
The Interest Payment in respect of each Interest Period 
may be deferred in accordance with the General Terms 
and Conditions. 
 
Notwithstanding the above, if the Issuer does not elect to 
redeem the Subordinated Notes in accordance with the 
General Terms and Conditions following the occurrence of 
a Change of Control Event, the then prevailing Interest 
Rate, and each subsequent Interest Rate otherwise 
determined in accordance with the provisions in the 
General Terms and Conditions, on the Subordinated Notes 
shall be increased by the applicable Change of Control 
Event Margin Premium specified in the applicable Final 
Terms with effect from (but excluding) the Change of 
Control Event Step-up Date.  
 
Day Count Convention
Unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
the following Day Count Conventions will be used for the 
calculation of interest under the MTN Programme.  
 
If the day count convention "30/360" is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, the amount shall be calculated 
using a year of 360 days comprising twelve months of 30

--- Page 37 ---
37 
 
days each, and in the case of a fraction of a month using 
the actual number of days of the month that have passed.
 
If the day count convention "Actual/360" is specified in 
the applicable Final Terms, the amount shall be calculated 
using the actual number of days in the relevant period 
divided by 360. 
 
 
Redemption and Repurchase of Non-Subordinated Notes 
This section is only applicable to Non-Subordinated Notes. 
 
Repayment and redemption 
of Non-Subordinated Notes 
The Nominal Amount of the Non-Subordinated Notes 
(together with accrued interest, if any) falls due for 
repayment on the Maturity Date as specified in the Final 
Terms. Should the Maturity Date fall on a date which is not 
a Business Day, the Notes will be repaid on the following 
Business Day. 
 
Repurchase of Non-
Subordinated Notes by the 
Issuer and other Group 
Companies 
Each Group Company may, subject to applicable 
regulations, repurchase Non-Subordinated Notes at any 
time and at any price in the open market or in any other 
way. Non-Subordinated Notes owned by a Group 
Company may at such Group Company’s discretion be 
retained, sold or, if held by the Issuer, cancelled. 
 
Voluntary total redemption 
(call option) of Non-
Subordinated Notes 
The applicable Final Terms may specify a right for the 
Issuer to redeem all, but not some only, of the outstanding 
Non-Subordinated Notes prior to the Maturity Date at 
times and prices specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Mandatory repurchase due 
to a Change of Control Event 
or a De-listing Event (put 
option) in respect of Non-
Subordinated Notes 
Following the occurrence of a Change of Control Event or 
a De-listing Event, each Noteholder of Non-Subordinated 
Notes shall, during a period of 30 Business Days following 
a notice from the Issuer of the Change of Control Event or 
the De-listing Event pursuant to the General Terms and 
Conditions (after which time period such right shall lapse), 
have the right to request that all, or some only, of its Non-
Subordinated Notes be repurchased at a price per Note 
equal to 101 per cent. of the Nominal Amount together 
with accrued but unpaid Interest. 
 
Non-Subordinated Notes 
Clean-up Call 
If Non-Subordinated Notes Clean-up Call is specified as 
being applicable in the applicable Final Terms and, at any 
time, the outstanding aggregate Nominal Amount of the 
Non-Subordinated Notes of a Loan (whereby Notes held 
by a Group Company shall not be considered as 
"outstanding") is 20 per cent. or less of the aggregate 
Nominal Amount of Notes originally issued for such Loan, 
the Issuer may redeem or, at the Issuer’s option,

--- Page 38 ---
38 
 
repurchase (or procure the repurchase of) all but not 
some only of, the Notes then outstanding at a price per 
Note equal to their Nominal Amount together with 
accrued but unpaid interest. 
 
 
Redemption and Repurchase of Subordinated Notes 
This section is only applicable to Subordinated Notes. 
 
No maturity in respect of 
Subordinated Notes 
The Subordinated Notes are perpetual and have no 
specified maturity date. The Issuer may only redeem the 
Subordinated Notes under certain preconditions as 
specified in the General Terms and Conditions and the 
applicable Final Terms. The Subordinated Notes are not 
redeemable at the option of the Noteholders at any time.
 
Repurchase of Subordinated 
Notes by a Group Company 
The Issuer and any other Group Company may, subject to 
applicable law, at any time and at any price repurchase 
Subordinated Notes in the market or in any other way, 
Subordinated Notes held by a Group Company may at 
such Group Company's discretion be retained or sold or, 
if held by the Issuer, cancelled. 
 
Voluntary total redemption 
(call option) 
The applicable Final Terms may specify a right for the 
Issuer to redeem all, but not only some, of the 
Subordinated Notes under a Loan in full on the 
Subordinated Notes Call Date or on any Interest Payment 
Date falling thereafter. If Subordinated Notes are 
redeemed pursuant to the General Terms and Conditions, 
such Subordinated Notes shall be redeemed at the time 
and the price specified in the applicable Final Terms 
together with any accrued but unpaid interest and any 
Deferred Interest. 
 
Voluntary total redemption 
due to a Special Event 
The applicable Final Terms may specify a right for the 
Issuer to, upon the occurrence of a Special Event, redeem 
all, but not some only, of the Subordinated Notes under a 
Loan at any time at the time and price specified in the 
applicable Final Terms together with any accrued but 
unpaid interest and any Deferred Interest. 
 
..Voluntary total redemption 
due to a Change of Control 
Event 
The applicable Final Terms may specify a right for the 
Issuer to, upon the occurrence of a Change of Control 
Event, if a Positive Rating Event has occurred prior to the 
Change of Control Event, a Rating Downgrade occurs in 
respect of that a Change of Control Event within the 
Change of Control Event Period, redeem all, but not some 
only, of the Subordinated Notes under a Loan at any time 
at the time and price specified in the applicable Final 
Terms together with any accrued but unpaid interest and 
any Deferred Interest.

--- Page 39 ---
39 
 
Cancellation of 
Subordinated Notes 
All Subordinated Notes which are redeemed and elected 
to be cancelled pursuant to the General Terms and 
Conditions and the applicable Final Terms will be 
cancelled and may not be reissued or sold. 
 
Subordinated Notes Clean-
up Call 
If Subordinated Notes Clean-up Call is specified as being 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms and, at any time, 
the outstanding aggregate Nominal Amount of the 
Subordinated Notes of a Loan (whereby Notes held by a 
Group Company shall not be considered as "outstanding") 
is 20 per cent. or less of the aggregate Nominal Amount of 
Notes originally issued for such Loan, the Issuer may 
redeem or, at the Issuer’s option, repurchase (or procure 
the repurchase of) all but not some only of, the Notes then 
outstanding at a price per Note equal to their Nominal 
Amount together with accrued but unpaid interest. 
 
The General Terms and 
Conditions do not contain 
any right for the 
Noteholders to accelerate 
the Subordinated Notes 
prior to an Issuer Winding-
up 
The General Terms and Conditions does not include any 
obligations or undertakings binding on the Issuer which if 
breached would give rise to a right of the Noteholders to 
accelerate payments of interest or principal under the 
Subordinated Notes in any circumstances outside an 
Issuer Winding-up. 
 
Undertakings 
Financial undertakings
The General Terms and Conditions contain a maintenance 
test. Pursuant to the maintenance test in the General 
Terms, the following financial covenants shall be met on 
certain test dates:  
 
(a) 
the LTV Ratio shall on each Reference Date not be 
higher than 70.00 per cent.; and 
 
(b) 
the Interest Coverage Ratio for the relevant 
Reference Period shall on each Reference Date 
not be less than 1.50:1. 
 
This maintenance test and definitions are subject to 
significant exceptions and qualifications, see the General 
Terms and Conditions.  
 
Certain undertakings
The General Terms and Conditions contain a number of 
undertakings that restrict the ability of the Issuer and the 
other Group Companies, including, among others: 
 
(a) 
restrictions on making any substantial change of 
the general nature of the business carried on by 
the Group;

--- Page 40 ---
40 
 
(b) 
restrictions on disposals of assets; 
 
(c) 
restrictions on dealings with related parties; 
 
(d) 
restrictions on granting guarantees or security for 
Market Loans; 
 
(e) 
undertaking to maintain adequate insurances; 
 
(f) 
undertaking to keep properties in a good state or 
repair and maintenance;  
 
(g) 
undertaking to have the Notes admitted to trading 
on a Regulated Market (if applicable under the 
applicable Final Terms); 
 
(h) 
undertaking to procure that a Valuation for the 
Properties is prepared once a year; and 
 
(i) 
undertaking to, if a Positive Rating Event has 
occurred prior to a Change of Control Event, use 
its best efforts to maintain the credit rating 
assigned to it for the entire duration of the Change 
of Control Event Period. 
 
Each of these undertakings are subject to significant 
exceptions and qualifications, see the General Terms and 
Conditions.

--- Page 41 ---
41 
 
STATEMENT OF RESPONSIBILITY 
The establishment of the MTN Programme was authorised by resolutions taken by the board of 
directors of the Issuer on 10 June 2021. This Prospectus has been prepared in connection with the 
establishment of the Issuer's MTN Programme, in accordance with the Commission Delegated 
Regulation (EU) 2019/980 of 14 March 2019 supplementing Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council and Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of 14 June 2017 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council. 
 
This Prospectus has been approved by the Swedish Financial Supervisory Authority, as competent 
authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council. The 
Swedish Financial Supervisory Authority only approves this Prospectus as meeting the standards of 
completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council. Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement 
of the quality of the Notes that are the subject of this Prospectus nor of the Issuer that is the subject 
of this Prospectus and investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in 
Notes under the MTN Programme. 
 
After the expiration date of this Prospectus, being a maximum of twelve months after the approval of 
this Prospectus, the obligation to provide additional information regarding new material 
circumstances, factual errors or material inaccuracies in this Prospectus ceases to apply once this 
Prospectus has expired. 
 
The board of directors of the Issuer is, to the extent provided by law, responsible for the information 
set out in this Prospectus and declares that to the best of its knowledge, the information contained in 
this Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and makes no omission likely to affect its import. 
 
22 July 2024 
 
Cibus Nordic Real Estate AB (publ) 
 
The board of directors

--- Page 42 ---
42 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE GROUP 
History and development 
Cibus Nordic Real Estate AB (publ) was incorporated on 23 November 2017 in Sweden with the 
Swedish Companies Registration Office (Sw. Bolagsverket) and is a Swedish public limited liability 
company operating under the laws of Sweden with reg. no. 559135-0599. The Company's legal entity 
identifier (LEI) is 549300PW36MFK96GCR23.  
 
The registered office, headquarters and visiting address of the Company is Kungsgatan 56, 111 22 
Stockholm, with telephone number +46 708 580 453. The website of the Company is 
www.cibusnordic.com. The information on the website does not form part of the Prospectus unless 
that information is incorporated by reference into the Prospectus. 
 
In accordance with the articles of association of the Company, adopted on 24 April 2020, the objects 
of the Company are to directly or indirectly own and manage intangible property whose main 
orientation is trade.  
 
Business and operations 
The Company is focused on acquiring, refining and developing high quality properties in the Nordic 
region, with reputable daily goods and supermarket chains as anchor tenants, to provide stable, 
cyclically resilient and increasing dividends for the Company's shareholders. The Portfolio shall be 
optimised in an operational and a cash flow perspective, through an active property management, 
market intelligence and close tenant relationships. The Portfolio is currently located in various growth 
regions across Denmark, Finland, Norway and Sweden, and the portfolio is to a large extent located in 
regions with healthy population growth. As per the financial quarter ended 31 March 2024, the Group 
owned 451 properties in the Nordics, of which 267 properties are located in Finland, 125 properties 
are located in Sweden, 36 properties are located in Denmark and 22 properties are located in Norway. 
About 97 per cent. of the Group's net operating income derives from properties anchored by grocery 
and daily-goods tenants. The largest tenants of the Group are Kesko, Tokmanni, Coop Sverige, Lidl, 
Dagrofa and S-Group. 
 
The value of the Portfolio was, as per the financial quarter ended 31 March 2024, approximately 
EUR 1,764,000,000 and comprises approximately 976,000 square metres of lettable area. As per the 
financial year ended 31 December 2023, approximately 68 per cent. of the net operating income from 
the Portfolio stemmed from the Finnish Properties, approximately 15 per cent. of the net operating 
income from the Portfolio stemmed from the Danish Properties approximately 13 per cent. of the net 
operating income from the Portfolio stemmed from the Swedish Properties and approximately 4 per 
cent. of the net operating income from the Portfolio stemmed from the Norwegian Properties. 
 
Sustainability is an integral part of the Group's daily operations and business strategy. In the 
acquisition and management of properties, the Group has the ambition to work in a way that best 
stimulates sustainable development for both tenants and living local communities as well as for the 
long-term profit development for shareholders. The Company aims to provide environmentally 
adapted premises for its tenants, developed with the minimum possible use of resources and the least 
possible environmental impact. Continuous efforts are made by the Group to minimise the direct and 
indirect climate footprint of the property portfolio.  
 
Cibus aims to be CO2-neutral by 2030 and is working in accordance with an action plan that, among 
other things, includes enhancing the energy efficiency of Cibus' properties and the Group's ability to 
offer tenants sustainable electricity by means of solar panels on the roofs of Cibus' properties. Due to

--- Page 43 ---
43 
 
2022's rampant electricity prices the tenants' interest in buying sustainable electricity from Cibus has 
increased. In December 2022, Cibus commissioned its first larger-scale solar facility in Charlottenberg, 
Sweden, where Cibus' tenants have a smaller climate footprint thanks to the electricity Cibus 
produces. Cibus also works to upgrade existing properties as well as properties acquired from time to 
time to higher energy classes and to prioritise suppliers and partners pursuing active environmental 
work and to encourage them to choose green energy sources. 
 
Strategy and vision 
The Company's core business strategy is to create long-term growth and value gains through the 
acquisitions, development and management of high-quality properties in the Nordic region with a 
clear focus on properties anchored by daily-goods chains. The main goal of the Company's business 
concept is to secure and maintain the portfolio's solid cash flow, through active asset management 
with high cost control, to thereby allow for profitability irrespective of economic conditions. The 
Company will also strive to maintain tenants with strong creditworthiness and leading market 
positions and the Company endeavours to enter into long-term leases and to retain the diversified 
lease duration for the Company's existing leases. The Company aims to expand its business in Finland 
and Sweden as well as in the Danish and Norwegian markets. To preserve the Company's balanced, 
but niched portfolio strategy, the Company has decided on a clear investment strategy. The Company 
aims to deliver a high and non-cyclic dividend level to its shareholders, achieved through a stable 
profitability in the underlying Portfolio. The Company's vision is to strengthen its' position as one of 
the market leading property companies with focus on grocery and daily-goods store anchored 
properties. 
 
Share capital and ownership structure 
The shares of the Company are denominated in EUR. Each share carries one vote and has equal rights 
on distribution of income and capital. As of the date of this Prospectus, the Company had an issued 
share capital of EUR 572,475.36 divided into 57,247,536 shares. The Company's shares are listed on 
Nasdaq Stockholm under the short name CIBUS. 
 
The following table sets forth an overview of the ownership structure in the Company, based on the 
share register of the Company as of 18 July 2024, with the amendments known by the Company. As 
the Company is a VPC Company (Sw. avstämningsbolag) certain shareholders may have their shares 
registered on a custody account (Sw. depå) with a registered nominee (Sw. förvaltare). Thus, there 
may be shareholders who holds shares in the Company that are not directly reflected in the share 
register of the Company.

--- Page 44 ---
44 
 
 
 
 
Shareholder 
Number of shares and votes
Per centage of the number of shares and votes
Länsförsäkringar Funds
4,470,601
7.81
Fourth Swedish National Pension Fund
3,545,689
6.19
Vanguard
2,466,848
4.27
Avanza Pension
2,321,598
4.06
Nordnet Pension Insurance
1,807,488
3.16
BlackRock
1,797,551
3.14
Clearance Capital
1,505,327
2.63
Handelsbanken Funds
1,214,204
2.12
Sensor Funds
1,213,391
2.12
Third Swedish National Pension Fund
1,130,000
1.97
Total ten largest shareholders 
21,452,697
37.47
Other shareholders 
35,794,839
62.53
Total 
57,247,536
100.00
 
Holdings of shares by the board of directors and management – 0.85 per cent. 
The following members of the Company’s board of directors and management owns shares in the 
Company: 
Patrick Gylling, 405,000 shares via Oriolidae Invest Ab and Oy Golden Oriol Ab 
Elisabeth Norman, 1,500 shares  
Victoria Skoglund, 3,747 shares 
Nils Styf, 7,500 shares 
Stefan Gattberg, 13,816 shares 
Christian Fredrixon, 10,000 shares (with an option to purchase 100,000 as part of a management 
incentive program) 
Pia-Lena Olofsson, 7,898 shares (with an option to purchase 115,000 shares as part of a 
management incentive program) 
Lauri Tiensuu, 10,349 shares (with an option to purchase 125,000 shares as part of a management 
incentive program) 
Iiris Eestila, 1,050 shares (with an option to purchase 35,000 shares as part of a management 
incentive program) 
Peter Lövgren, 10,849 shares (with an option to purchase 80,000 shares as part of a management 
incentive program) 
Marcus Kruus, 6,000 shares (with an option to purchase 10,000 shares as part of a management 
incentive program) 
Above constitutes information regarding direct shareholding by members of the board of directors of 
the Company. For further information regarding indirect holding of shares by members of the board

--- Page 45 ---
45 
 
of directors of the Company, please refer to section "Management", subsection "Conflicts of interest 
within administrative, management and control bodies". 
Shareholders' agreements 
The Company is not aware of the details of any provision in the arrangement between its shareholders, 
the operation of which may at a subsequent date result in a change in control of the Company.  
 
Overview of Group structure 
The Company is the ultimate parent of the Group. Cibus Sweden Real Estate AB, corporate 
identification number 559121-3284, Cibus Finland Real Estate AB, corporate identification number 
559121-3284, Cibus Finland Oy Ab corporate identification number 3003070-2, Cibus Denmark Real 
Estate AB, corporate authentication number 559318-4616 and Cibus Norway Real Estate AB, 
corporate authentication number 559332-0509, are direct subsidiaries of the Company. Cibus Sweden 
Real Estate AB is the owner of the shares in Cibus Malum AB, corporate identification number 
559229-6650 and Cibus Pirum AB, corporate identification number 559289-0015. Cibus Finland Real 
Estate AB is the owner of the shares in Cibus Grocery Finland Oy, Cibus Retail Finland 1 Oy, Cibus Daily 
Finland Oy and Cibus Retail Finland 2 Oy. Cibus Norway Real Estate AB is the owner of the shares in 
Cibus Norway Real Estate AS, which in turn is the owner of the shares in Cibus Management AS. Cibus 
Denmark Real Estate AB is the owner of the shares in Cibus Suilla ApS and Cibus Abies ApS. 
 
All Properties are owned by subsidiaries of the Company. Operations are conducted by the subsidiaries 
of the Company and all of the Group's assets and revenues relate to the Company's indirect 
subsidiaries and the Company is thus dependent on such subsidiaries to generate revenues and profit 
in order to be able to fulfil its payment obligations under the Notes. 
 
As per 31 December 2023, the Group consist of a total of 390 companies registered under Swedish, 
Norwegian, Danish and Finnish law including, inter alia, 142 limited liability companies in Sweden, 26 
companies in Norway, 10 companies in Denmark and 212 companies in Finland (including 51 partly 
owned MRECs). A simplified group structure is presented graphically below.

--- Page 46 ---
46 
 
Group Structure 
Source: the Company
 
Listed on Nasdaq 
Stockholm Mid Cap
Cibus Nordic Real Estate AB 
(A public limited company) 
Cibus Finland Oy
Cibus Finland Real Estate AB
Cibus Grocery Oy
Properties and Property 
owning companies 
Cibus Retail 1 Oy
Properties and Property 
owning companies 
Cibus Retail 2 Oy
Properties and Property 
owning companies 
Cibus Daily Oy
Properties and Property 
owning companies 
Cibus Sweden Real Estate AB
Cibus Malum AB
Properties, Property 
owning companies and 
holding companies
Cibus Pirum AB
Properties, Property 
owning companies and 
holding companies
Cibus Norway Real Estate AB
Cibus Norway Real Estate AS
Cibus Salmo AS
Properties, Property 
owning companies
Cibus Solea AS
Properties, Property 
owning companies
Cibus Management AS
Cibus Denmark Real Estate AB
Cibus Suilla ApS
Properties, Property 
owning companies
Cibus Abies ApS
Properties, Property 
owning companies
HoldCo with PropCo
AdminCo
HoldCo
PublicCo
Cibus
converting food into yield
Finland
Sweden
Norway
Denmark
SEK
EUR
NOK
NOK
EUR
EUR
EUR
EUR
EUR
Segment
DKK

--- Page 47 ---
47 
 
 
Finnish real estate companies 
There are two kinds of real estate companies in Finland, ordinary real estate companies ("RECs") 
and mutual real estate companies ("MRECs").  
 
A REC is a limited liability company the purpose of which is to own and manage a property. The 
assets of a REC consist mainly of (i) a freehold or a leasehold property and (ii) one or more buildings 
located thereon. The property and the buildings may be leased out by the REC itself, and the 
respective rental income shall be paid to the REC in its capacity as the landlord under the lease 
agreement(s). The REC is in principle liable for all maintenance of the property and the buildings as 
well as for renovation work unless otherwise agreed e.g. with the tenant(s).  
 
An MREC is a limited liability company and, similarly to a REC, its assets principally comprise of a 
freehold or a leasehold property and any buildings located thereon. The main distinction from a 
REC lies within the control structures of the MREC's assets (i.e. the property and the building). 
Despite the fact that an MREC owns the land areas and the buildings, the MREC's shareholders have 
direct control over them as defined in the MREC's articles of association. Common areas (e.g. 
hallways and reception areas) belonging to the real property are often left to the control of the 
MREC. The shareholders of an MREC are entitled to lease out the premises within their possession 
and, consequently, the respective rental income is generated to a vast extent on the shareholder 
level. The actual role of the MREC is generally limited to the maintenance and operation of the 
property, financed by maintenance charges collected from the shareholders. The maintenance 
charge is normally determined by the annual shareholders' meeting as a fixed amount per square 
meter for all premises. As a general rule, the maintenance charges are determined in order to leave 
the MREC with neither a profit nor a loss for tax purposes.  
 
Recent events 
Other than events described in this Prospectus, there has been no recent event particular to the 
Group which is to a material extent relevant to the evaluation of the Company's solvency. 
 
Significant change and trend information 
Other than events described in this Prospectus, there has been no material adverse change in the 
prospects of the Group since the date of publication of its last audited annual accounts and no 
significant change in the financial performance or trading position of the Group since the end of the 
last financial period for which audited financial information has been published to the date of this 
Prospectus. 
 
Legal and arbitration proceedings 
Neither the Company nor the Group is, or has been over the past twelve months been, a party to 
any legal, governmental or arbitration proceedings that have had, or would have, a significant effect 
on the Group's financial position or profitability. Nor is the Company aware of any such proceedings 
which are pending or threatening and which could lead to the Company or any other member of 
the Group becoming a party to such proceedings.

--- Page 48 ---
48 
 
Credit rating 
No credit rating has been assigned to the Company, or its debt securities.

--- Page 49 ---
49 
 
MANAGEMENT 
The board of directors of the Company currently consists of five members which have been elected 
by the general meeting. The board of directors and the senior management can be contacted 
through the Company at Kungsgatan 56, 111 22 Stockholm. Further information on the members 
of the board of directors and the senior management is set forth below. 
 
Board of directors 
 
 
 
Patrick Gylling, chairman of the board since 2018. 
Education:  
Master of Science in Economics & Business from Hanken School of 
Economics in Helsinki. 
 
Current commitments:  
CEO and board member of Oy Sirius Capital Partners Ab as well as CEO 
and board member of Golden Oriol Investments Oy and Orioldae 
Invest Ab. Member of the board of directors of Life Annuity Institution 
Hereditas Ltd. 
 
 
Elisabeth Norman, member of the board since 2018. 
Education:  
Bachelor of Arts from Uppsala University. 
 
Current commitments:  
Chairman of the board of directors of EHB Hyresbostäder AB and the 
listed real estate company Nivika Fastigheter AB (publ). Member of the 
board of directors of Sveriges allmännytta AB, Örndalen Exploatering 
AB and the listed real estate company ByggPartner i Dalarna Holding 
AB (publ) as well as one subsidiary within the group, Björnrike Syd 
Utvecklings AB as well as subsidiaries within the group and Salnecke 
Slott AB. 
 
 
Independent of the: 
Name 
Position 
Appointed 
Company and 
executive 
management 
Major 
shareholders 
Patrick Gylling
Chairman of the 
Board 
2018
Yes 
Yes 
Elisabeth Norman
Board Member
2018
Yes
Yes
Victoria Skoglund
Board Member
2021
Yes
Yes
Nils Styf
Board Member
2022
Yes
Yes
Stefan Gattberg
Board Member
2020
Yes
Yes

--- Page 50 ---
50 
 
 
Nils Styf, member of the board since 2022. 
Education:  
Master of Science in Business and Economics from Stockholm School 
of Economics. 
 
Current commitments:  
CEO of Hemsö Fastighets AB and chairman of the board of NP3 
Fastigheter AB. Member of the board of directors in various 
subsidiaries in the Hemsö group. Member of the board of directors 
Bonava AB and Mattssons Fastighetsutveckling i Stockholm AB. 
 
 
Victoria Skoglund, member of the board since 2021. 
Education: 
Master of Laws from Stockholm University. 
Current commitments: 
Member of the board of directors of Bmondo AB, Gastroba 
utvecklings AB and VIE SPAC AB, as well as partner at Advokatfirman 
Lindahl. 
 
 
Stefan Gattberg, member of the board since 2020. 
Education: 
Master of Laws from Lund University 
Current commitments: 
Chairman of the board of directors of Green Yield Nordic RE AB (publ) 
and Altaal Advisory AB. Member of the board of directors of Altaal AB 
and S.K. Gattberg AB, as well as several subsidiaries in the group.

--- Page 51 ---
51 
 
Management 
 
 
Christian Fredrixon, CEO 
Education: 
MSc in Economics and Business Administration, Stockholm School of 
Economics 
Current commitments: 
Board member and shareholder in Covitum AB and Votion 
Biorefineries AB. Owner and board member of Ixon Invest AB. Board 
member of several companies within the Cibus Group. 
 
Pia-Lena Olofsson, CFO and Head of IR 
Education: 
Executive Master of Business Administration from University of 
Warwick and Master of Business Administration from Gothenburg 
University. 
Current commitments: 
Board Member of Resurs Holding AB (publ) & Resurs Bank AB. Board 
member of several companies within the Cibus Group. 
Mrs Olofsson is an experienced CFO and held the position at the Large Cap listed digital bank 
Collector AB (publ) during six years. Further, Mrs Olofsson has previously held several senior 
positions at, among others, Bure Equity AB (publ) and Visma AB. 
 
Lauri Tiensuu, COO 
Education: 
Master of Science in Technology from Aalto University 
Current commitments: 
N/A 
Mr. Tiensuu has extensive experience from Advium Corporate Finance Ltd where he advised clients 
in real estate transactions. Before current position, he was the CIO Finland at Cibus from January 
2020. 
 
Iiris Eestilä, CIO Finland 
Education: 
MSc in Technology from Aalto University. 
Current commitments: 
N/A 
Name 
Position 
Position held since
Christian Fredrixon
VD
January 2024
Pia-Lena Olofsson
CFO & Head of IR
May 2019
Lauri Tiensuu
COO 
January 2020
Iiris Eestilä
CIO Finland
June 2022
Peter Lövgren
CIO Sweden
August 2020
Marcus Kruus
CIO Norway and Denmark
March 2022

--- Page 52 ---
52 
 
Mrs. Eestilä has broad experience in the real estate business. Before joining Cibus, Mrs. Eestilä 
worked as a Director at Newsec Investment Management, where the team acted as a local partner 
to international investors advising them in property transactions and investment management 
activities. Prior to Newsec, Mrs. Eestilä worked in real estate transactions at Aventum and has also 
been employed by Logicor and Sponda. 
 
Peter Lövgren, CIO Sweden 
Education: 
Msc in Civil Engineering from the Royal Institute of Technology. 
Current commitments: 
Board member of Charlottenberg Handelspark AB, as well as deputy 
board member of Balayage Stockholm AB, Balayage Holding AB, 
Gnestahöjdens Fastighets AB, Headucations AB and AnnLöv 
Fastighets AB. 
Mr Lövgren has extensive experience from the real estate business. He was employed by 
Hufvudstaden as, among other things, Head of Transaction and Senior Property Manager. Peters 
latest position was at Genova as Head of Business Development where he has been responsible for 
the company's transactions. 
 
Marcus Kruus, CIO Norway and Denmark 
Education: 
Master of Science degree from Chalmers University f Technology and 
an MBA from the Gothenburg School of Economics. 
Current commitments: 
Board member of Aquilon Real Estate AB and chairman of the board 
of Aquilion AB. 
Marcus Kruus has more than 20 years of experience from real estate, property development and 
construction industries across Europe. He has experience from business development, investments 
and asset management activities. Before joining Cibus, Marcus Kruus had long-term interim 
assignments as Head of Transactions at Tre Kronor Property Investment and Head of Asset 
Management at Catella Property Asset Management. Further, Marcus Kruus has previously held 
several senior executive positions at, among others, Obligo Real Estate, Realkapital Partners and 
NCC. 
 
Conflicts of interest within administrative, management and control bodies 
To the extent that can be reasonably verified by the Company, no conflict of interest exists 
regarding the private affairs, family relations, or any other kind, between members of the 
administrative and senior management bodies that might conflict with the Company's interests or 
prevent the aforementioned to faithfully execute their duties to the Company. 
 
The members of the board of directors and management have private interests in the Company by 
their direct or indirect holding of shares in the Company. The members of the board of directors 
and the management may serve as directors or officers of other companies or have significant 
shareholdings in other companies and, to the extent that such other companies may participate in 
ventures in which the Company may participate, the members of the board of directors or the 
management may have a conflict of interest in negotiating and concluding terms respecting the 
extent of such participation. In the event that such a conflict of interest arises at a board meeting 
of the Issuer, a board member which has such a conflict will abstain from voting for or against the 
approval of such participation, or the terms of such participation. In accordance with the laws of

--- Page 53 ---
53 
 
Sweden, the members of the board of directors of the Company are required to act honestly, in 
good faith and in the best interests of the Company. Other than the aforementioned, none of the 
board members or the management has any private interests which may conflict with the interests 
of the Company. 
 
Interest of natural and legal persons involved in the establishment of the MTN 
Programme 
The Arrangers, the Dealers and/or their affiliates have engaged in, and may in the future engage in, 
investment banking and/or commercial banking or other services for the Company and the Group 
in the ordinary course of business. Accordingly, conflicts of interest may exist or may arise as a result 
of the Dealers and/or their affiliates having previously engaged, or engaging in future, in 
transactions with other parties, having multiple roles or carrying out other transactions for third 
parties with conflicting interests.

--- Page 54 ---
54 
 
HISTORICAL FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
Historical financial information 
The Group's consolidated financial statements for the financial year ended 31 December 2023 and 
the financial year ended 31 December 2022 as set out below are incorporated into this Prospectus 
by reference (please see section "Other Information").  
 
The information incorporated by reference is to be read as part of this Prospectus. All such 
information is available on the Company's website (www.cibusnordic.com). 
 
The Group's consolidated financial statements for the financial year ended 31 December 2022 and 
for the financial year ended 31 December 2023 have been prepared in accordance with 
International Financial Reporting Standards ("IFRS") as adopted by the EU.  
 
Other than the auditing of the Group's consolidated financial statements for the financial year 
ended 31 December 2023 and for the financial year ended 31 December 2022, the Group's auditor 
has not audited or reviewed any part of this Prospectus.  
 
The Group's consolidated financial statements for the financial year ended 31 December 2023 is 
incorporated into this Prospectus by reference. For particular financial figures, please refer to the 
pages set out below:  
 
●  
consolidated income statement, page 64; 
●  
consolidated balance sheet, page 65; 
●  
consolidated cash flow statement, page 67;  
●  
consolidated statement of changes in equity, page 66; 
●  
the audit report, pages 92-95; and 
●  
notes, pages 72-90. 
 
The specific information set out below (as also stated in section "Other information" subheading 
"Documents incorporated by reference" in this Prospectus) from the Group's consolidated financial 
statements for the financial year ended 31 December 2022 is incorporated into this Prospectus by 
reference. The other information set out in the consolidated financial statements for the financial 
year ended 31 December 2022 is deemed to not be relevant for the purpose of the Prospectus 
Regulation as corresponding up to date information is included in the consolidated financial 
statements for the financial year ended 31 December 2022.  
 
Financial year ended 31 December 2022: 
 
●  
consolidated income statement, page 64; 
●  
consolidated balance sheet, page 65; 
●  
consolidated cash flow statement, page 67;  
●  
consolidated statement of changes in equity, page 66; 
●  
the audit report, pages 91-95; and 
●  
notes, pages 72-89.

--- Page 55 ---
55 
 
Auditing of the annual historical financial information 
The Company's consolidated financial statements for the years 2022 to 2023 have been audited by 
KPMG AB, Box 382, 101 27 Stockholm, Sweden. At the 2023 annual general meeting, the accounting 
firm Öhrlings Pricewaterhousecoopers AB, Lokstallsgatan 1-9 PwC Lastkajen, 113 21 Stockholm, 
Sweden, was elected as the Company's auditor for the period up until the end of the next annual 
general meeting. Johan RIppe is the auditor who is responsible for the Company. Johan Rippe is an 
authorised auditor and is a member of the professional body FAR, the professional institute for the 
accountancy sector in Sweden. 
 
The auditing of the consolidated financial statements for the financial year ended 
31 December 2023 and for the financial year ended 31 December 2022 was conducted in 
accordance with international standards on auditing and the audit reports were submitted without 
comment. 
 
Age of the most recent financial information 
The most recent financial information has been taken from the Group's consolidated financial 
statements for the financial year ended 31 December 2023, which was published on 20 March 2023 
on the Company's website (www.cibusnordic.com).

--- Page 56 ---
56 
 
OTHER INFORMATION 
Representation of the Noteholders 
The General Terms and Conditions stipulates the provisions for the Agent's representation of the 
Noteholders and can be accessed on the Company's website (www.cibusnordic.com). 
 
Material contracts  
 
The Group has not entered into any material contracts not in the ordinary course of its business 
and which may affect the Group's ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes. 
 
Documents incorporated by reference 
This Prospectus is, in addition to this document, comprised of information from the following 
documents which are incorporated by reference and available in electronic format on the 
Company's website (www.cibusnordic.com): 
 
● 
the Group's consolidated financial statements for the financial year ended 
31 December 2023, including the audit report (Cibus Annual Report FY2023); and 
 
● 
pages 64 – 95 from the Group's consolidated financial statements for the financial year 
ended 31 December 2022, including the audit report (Cibus Annual Report FY2022). 
 
Documents available for inspection 
The following documents are available at the Company's headquarters at Kungsgatan 56, 
Stockholm, on weekdays during the Company's regular office hours throughout the period of 
validity of this Prospectus. 
 
● 
the Company's articles of association; 
 
● 
the Company's certificate of registration;  
 
● 
the Group's consolidated financial statements and audit reports for the financial year 
ended 31 December 2023 and for the financial year ended 31 December 2022; 
 
● 
the Green Notes Framework;  
 
● 
the Sustainability-Linked Notes Framework and the Sustainability-Linked Notes Progress 
Report (if applicable); and 
 
● 
this Prospectus. 
 
The following documents are also available in electronic form on the Company's website 
(www.cibusnordic.com): 
 
● 
the Group's consolidated financial statements and audit report for the financial year ended 
31 December 2023 and for the financial year ended 31 December 2022;

--- Page 57 ---
57 
 
●  
the General Terms and Conditions; 
 
● 
the Green Notes Framework; 
 
● 
the Sustainability-Linked Notes Framework and the Sustainability-Linked Notes Progress 
Report (if applicable); 
 
● 
this Prospectus; 
 
● 
the Company's base prospectus dated 14 June 2021 (including the general terms and 
conditions dated 14 June 2021); 
 
● 
the Company's base prospectus dated 13 July 2022 (including the general terms and 
conditions dated 13 July 2022); 
 
● 
the Company's base prospectus dated 20 July 2023 (including the general terms and 
conditions dated 20 July 2023); 
 
● 
the Company's articles of association; and 
 
● 
the Company's certificate of registration.

--- Page 58 ---
58 
 
GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS 
 
The following general terms and conditions (the "General Terms and Conditions") shall apply to 
Notes (as defined below) which Cibus Nordic Real Estate AB (publ), reg. no. 559135-0599 (the 
"Issuer") issues on the capital market under this MTN programme (the "MTN Programme") by 
issuing senior notes or perpetual subordinated notes in SEK, EUR, NOK or DKK with varying terms 
and tenor, however not less than one year ("Notes").  
For each Loan, Final Terms (as defined below) are prepared that includes supplementary terms and 
conditions which, together with these General Terms and Conditions, constitute the complete 
terms for each Loan. 
1. 
Definitions and Construction 
1.1 
Definitions 
"Account Operator" means a bank or other party duly authorised to operate as an 
account operator pursuant to the Central Securities Depositories and Financial 
Instruments Accounts Act in relation to Euroclear Notes and the Norwegian Central 
Securities Depository Act in relation to VPS Notes and through which a Noteholder has 
opened a Securities Account in respect of its Notes. 
"Accounting Event" means, in relation to the Subordinated Notes, prior to the 
occurrence of a Positive Rating Event, the receipt by the Issuer of an opinion of an 
authorised accountant (Sw. auktoriserad revisor) from a well-reputed accounting firm in 
Sweden (experienced in such matters) to the effect that, as a result of a change in the 
Accounting Principles or interpretation thereof, the equity treatment of the 
Subordinated Notes as "equity" in full in the Group's consolidated financial statements 
has or will cease. 
"Accounting Principles" means the international financial reporting standards within 
the meaning of Regulation 1606/2002/EC (or as otherwise adopted or amended from 
time to time). 
"Adjusted Nominal Amount" means, with respect to a Loan, the total aggregate 
Nominal Amount of the Notes outstanding at the relevant time under that Loan less the 
Nominal Amount of all Notes under that Loan owned by a Group Company or an Affiliate 
of the Issuer, irrespective of whether such Person is directly registered as owner of such 
Notes. 
"Administrative Agent" means: 
(a) 
if a Loan is raised through two or more Issuing Dealers, the Issuing Dealer 
appointed by the Issuer to be responsible for certain administrative tasks in 
respect of that Loan as set out in the Final Terms; and 
(b) 
if a Loan is raised through only one Issuing Dealer, the Issuing Dealer in respect 
of that Loan.

--- Page 59 ---
59 
 
"Affiliate" means, in respect of any Person, any other Person, directly or indirectly, 
controlling or controlled by or under direct or indirect common control with such 
Person. For the purpose of this definition, "control" when used with respect to any 
Person means the power to direct the management and policies of such Person, directly 
or indirectly, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract or 
otherwise; and the terms "controlling" and "controlled" have meanings correlative to 
the foregoing. 
"Agency Agreement" means the agency agreement for all Notes issued under the MTN 
Programme entered into on or before the date of these General Terms and Conditions, 
between the Issuer and the Agent, or any replacement agency agreement entered into 
after such date between the Issuer and an agent. 
"Agent" means the Noteholders’ agent under these General Terms and Conditions from 
time to time; initially Nordic Trustee & Agency AB (publ) reg. no. 556882-1879, P.O. Box 
7329, SE-103 90 Stockholm, Sweden. 
"Business Day" means: 
 
in respect of Euroclear Notes, a day in Sweden, other than a Sunday or other 
public holiday in Sweden or which is not treated as a public holiday for the 
purpose of payment, where Saturdays, Midsummer Eve (Sw. midsommarafton), 
Christmas Eve (Sw. julafton) and New Year’s Eve (Sw. nyårsafton) shall be 
deemed to be public holidays for the purpose of this definition; and 
(b) 
in respect of VPS Notes, a day in Norway other than a Saturday, Sunday or a 
public holiday in Norway on which the Norwegian Central Bank’s and the VPS’s 
settlement systems are open and commercial banks in Norway are open for 
business. 
"Calculation Method" means the calculation method(ologies) applicable to certain 
Sustainability-Linked Notes as set out in the Final Terms in respect of a Loan.  
"Cash and Cash Equivalents" means, at any time, (i) cash in hand held by a Group 
Company or with a reputable bank credited to an account in the name of a Group 
Company and in each case to which a Group Company is beneficially and legally entitled 
and which is immediately available to be applied in repayment or prepayment of the 
Notes or payment of Interest (for the avoidance of doubt, not including e.g. any cash 
subject to a pledge or similar arrangement (excluding legal right to set-off) or any 
amount standing on client accounts), and (ii) short-term, highly liquid investments that 
are readily convertible to known amounts of cash and which are subject to an 
insignificant risk of changes in value of a Group Company.  
"Central Securities Depositories and Financial Instruments Accounts Act" means the 
Swedish Central Securities Depositories and Financial Instruments Accounts Act (Sw. lag 
(1998:1479) om värdepapperscentraler och kontoföring av finansiella instrument). 
"Change of Control Event" means the occurrence of an event or series of events 
whereby one or more Persons acting together, acquire control over the Issuer and 
where "control" means (a) acquiring or controlling, directly or indirectly, more than 50

--- Page 60 ---
60 
 
per cent. of the voting shares of the Issuer, or (b) the right to, directly or indirectly, 
appoint or remove the whole or a majority of the directors of the board of directors of 
the Issuer. 
"Change of Control Event Margin Premium" means, for Subordinated Notes under a 
Loan, the applicable change of control event margin premium specified in the Final 
Terms for that Loan.  
"Change of Control Event Period" means the period (i) commencing on the date that is 
the earlier of (A) the date of the first public announcement of the relevant Change of 
Control Event and (B) the date of the earliest Potential Change of Control Event 
Announcement, if any, and (ii) ending on the date which is the 120th calendar day after 
the date of the first public announcement of the relevant Change of Control Event (such 
120th day, the "Initial Longstop Date"); provided that, unless any other Rating Agency 
has on or prior to the Initial Longstop Date effected a Rating Downgrade in respect of its 
rating of the Issuer, if a Rating Agency publicly announces, at any time during the period 
commencing on the date which is 60 days prior to the Initial Longstop Date and ending 
on the Initial Longstop Date, that it has placed its rating of the Issuer under consideration 
for rating review either entirely or partially as a result of the relevant public 
announcement of the Change of Control Event or Potential Change of Control Event 
Announcement, the Change of Control Event Period shall be extended to the date which 
falls 90 days after the date of such public announcement by such Rating Agency (the 
"Extended Longstop Date"). 
"Change of Control Event Step-up Date" means: 
(a) 
the date falling six months after the date on which a Change of Control Event 
has occurred; or 
(b) 
if a Rating Downgrade occurs on or after such date specified in paragraph (a) 
above but on or prior to the Extended Longstop Date, the date falling eight 
months after the date on which a Change of Control Event has occurred. 
"CIBOR" means: 
(a) 
the applicable percentage rate per annum of the Copenhagen interbank offered 
rate for CIBOR fixing administered and calculated by the applicable Interest Base 
Administrator and displayed on the appropriate Reuters screen (or through such 
other system or on such other page as replaces the said system or page) as of or 
around 11.00 a.m. on the Quotation Day for the offering of deposits in Danish 
Krone and for a period comparable to the relevant Interest Period;  
(b) 
if no such interest rate as set out in paragraph (a) is available for the relevant 
Interest Period, the rate determined by the Administrative Agent by 
interpolation between the two closest rates displayed on the appropriate 
Reuters screen (or through such other system or on such other page as replaces 
the said system or page) as of or around 11.00 a.m. on the Quotation Day for 
the offering of deposits in Danish Krone;

--- Page 61 ---
61 
 
(c) 
if no interest rate as described in paragraph (a) and/or (b) is available for the 
relevant Interest Period, the arithmetic mean of the rates (rounded upwards to 
four decimal places), as supplied to the Administrative Agent at its request 
quoted by the by leading banks in the Copenhagen interbank market, for 
deposits of DKK 100,000,000 for the relevant period; or 
(d) 
if no quotation is available pursuant to paragraph (c), the interest rate which, 
according to the reasonable assessment of the Administrative Agent, best 
reflects the interest rate for deposits in DKK offered for the relevant Interest 
Period. 
"Compliance Certificate" means a certificate, in form and substance set out in Schedule 
1 (Compliance Certificate), signed by the Issuer certifying that so far as it is aware no 
Event of Default is continuing or, if it is aware that such event is continuing, specifying 
the event and steps, if any, being taken to remedy it, and calculations and figures in 
respect of the Maintenance Test. 
"CSD" means the Issuer’s central securities depository and registrar in respect of the 
Notes, from time to time, initially being: 
 
Euroclear, in respect of Euroclear Notes; and 
 
following an affiliation in accordance with Clause 16.17(b), VPS, in respect of VPS 
Notes. 
"CSD Regulations" means, in relation to a Loan, the relevant CSD’s rules and regulations 
applicable to the Issuer, the Agent and the Notes from time to time in respect of that 
Loan. 
"Day Count Convention" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest 
under a Loan, that: 
 
if the day count convention "30/360" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
the amount shall be calculated using a year of 360 days comprising twelve 
months of 30 days each, and in the case of a fraction of a month using the actual 
number of days of the month that have passed; and 
(b) 
if the day count convention "Actual/360" is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, the amount shall be calculated using the actual number of days in the 
relevant period divided by 360. 
"Dealers" means Danske Bank A/S, Danmark, Sverige Filial, Nordea Bank Abp, OP 
Corporate Bank plc, Pareto Securities AB and Swedbank AB (publ) and such other dealer 
appointed for this MTN Programme in accordance with Clause 21(e) but only for so long 
as such dealer has not resigned as a dealer. 
"Deferred Interest" has the meaning ascribed to it in Clause 9.1 (Deferral of Interest 
Payments). 
"Deferred Interest Payment Event" means, in relation to the Subordinated Notes under 
a Loan, any one or more of the following events:

--- Page 62 ---
62 
 
(a) 
declaration or payment of any distribution or dividend or any other payment 
made by the Issuer on its share capital or any other obligation of the Issuer which 
ranks or is expressed by its terms to rank junior to the Subordinated Notes or 
any Parity Securities; 
(b) 
declaration or payment of any distribution or dividend or any other payment 
made by the Issuer or any Subsidiary of the Issuer, as the case may be, on any 
Parity Securities; 
(c) 
redemption, repurchase, repayment, cancellation, reduction or other 
acquisition by the Issuer or any Subsidiary of the Issuer of any shares of the 
Issuer or any other obligation of the Issuer which ranks or is expressed by its 
terms to rank junior to the Subordinated Notes or any Parity Securities; and/or 
(d) 
redemption, repurchase, repayment, cancellation, reduction or other 
acquisition by the Issuer or any Subsidiary of the Issuer of any Parity Securities, 
save for: 
(i) 
in each case, any compulsory distribution, dividend, other payment, 
redemption, repurchase, repayment, cancellation, reduction or other 
acquisition required by the terms of such securities or by mandatory 
operation of applicable law; 
(ii) 
in each case, any declaration or payment of any distribution or dividend 
or any other payment made by the Issuer on its share capital, which is 
made by reason of a claim (in accordance with the Swedish Companies 
Act (Sw. aktiebolagslagen (2005:551)) by shareholder(s) owning not less 
than ten per cent. of the shares in the Issuer;  
(iii) 
in the case of paragraph (c) above only, any redemption, repurchase, 
repayment, cancellation, reduction or other acquisition that is executed 
in connection with, or for the purpose of: 
(A) 
any reduction of the quota value of the share capital of the 
Issuer without a corresponding return of cash, capital or assets 
to shareholders of the Issuer; or 
(B) 
any share buyback programme then in force and duly approved 
by the shareholders’ general meeting of the Issuer or the 
relevant Subsidiary of the Issuer (as applicable) or any existing 
or future stock option plan or free share allocation plan or other 
incentive plan, in all cases, reserved for directors, officers 
and/or employees of the Issuer or the relevant Subsidiary of the 
Issuer or any associated hedging transaction; and 
(iv) 
in the case of (d) above only, any redemption repurchase, repayment, 
cancellation, reduction or other acquisition executed in whole or in part 
in the form of a public tender offer or public exchange offer at a 
consideration per Parity Security below its par value.

--- Page 63 ---
63 
 
"De-listing Event" means the occurrence of an event whereby: 
(a) 
the Issuer's shares are delisted from Nasdaq Stockholm or any other MTF or 
Regulated Market; or  
(b) 
trading of the Issuer's shares on the aforementioned MTF or Regulated Market 
is suspended for a period of 15 consecutive Business Days. 
"Danish Krone" or "DKK" means the lawful currency of Denmark. 
"EBITDA" means the consolidated profit of the Group from ordinary activities according 
to the latest Financial Statements:  
(a) 
before deducting any amount of tax on profits, gains or income paid or payable 
by any Group Company; 
(b) 
before deducting any Net Finance Charges; 
(c) 
before taking into account any extraordinary items which are not in line with the 
ordinary course of business and any non-recurring items; 
(d) 
before taking into account any Transaction Costs and any transaction costs 
relating to any acquisition of any additional target company; 
(e) 
not including any accrued interest owing to any Group Company; 
(f) 
before taking into account any unrealised gains or losses on any derivative 
instrument (other than any derivative instruments which is accounted for on a 
hedge account basis); 
(g) 
after adding back or deducting, as the case may be, the amount of any loss or 
gain against book value arising on a disposal of any asset (other than in the 
ordinary course of trading) and any loss or gain arising from an upward or 
downward revaluation of any asset; 
(h) 
after deducting the amount of any profit (or adding back the amount of any loss) 
of any Group Company which is attributable to minority interests; 
(i) 
plus or minus the Group’s share of the profits or losses of entities which are not 
part of the Group; and  
(j) 
after adding back any amount attributable to the amortisation, depreciation or 
depletion of assets of members of the Group. 
"Equity" means, by reference to the consolidated balance sheet of the Group according 
to the latest Financial Statements the sum of (i) restricted equity and (ii) non-restricted 
equity (including any minority interests for the Group) (including, for the avoidance of 
doubt, any Hybrid Debt). 
"Equity Ratio" means the ratio of Equity to Total Assets.

--- Page 64 ---
64 
 
"EURIBOR" means: 
(a) 
the applicable percentage rate per annum displayed on Reuters screen 
EURIBOR01 (or through another system or another screen which replaces such 
system or screen) as of or around 11.00 a.m. on the relevant day for loans or 
deposits in EUR for a period comparable to the relevant Interest Period;  
(b) 
if no such interest rate as set out in paragraph (a) is available for the relevant 
Interest Period, the rate determined by the Administrative Agent by 
interpolation between the two closest rates displayed on Reuters Screen 
EURIBOR01 (or through another system or website replacing it) as of or around 
11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) on the Quotation Day for the offering of deposits in 
Euro;  
(c) 
if no interest rate as described in paragraph (a) and/or (b) is available for the 
relevant Interest Period, the arithmetic mean of the rates (rounded upwards to 
four decimal places), as supplied to the Administrative Agent at its request 
quoted by the by leading banks in the European interbank market, for deposits 
of EUR 10,000,000 for the relevant period; or 
(d) 
if no quotation is available pursuant to paragraph (c), the interest rate which, 
according to the reasonable assessment of the Administrative Agent, best 
reflects the interest rate for deposits in EUR offered for the relevant Interest 
Period. 
"Euro" or "EUR" means the single currency of the member states of the European Union 
that adopts or has adopted, and in each case continues to adopt, the euro as its lawful 
currency in accordance with legislation of the European Union relating to Economic and 
Monetary Union. 
"Euroclear" means Euroclear Sweden AB, reg. no. 556112-8074, P.O. Box 191, 101 23 
Stockholm, Sweden. 
"Euroclear Notes" means Notes denominated in SEK or EUR. 
"Event of Default" means an event or circumstance specified in Clause 17.1 (Events of 
Default – Non-Subordinated Notes). 
"External Verifier" means, in respect of Sustainability-Linked Notes, an independent, 
reputable and qualified provider of third-party assurance or attestation services 
appointed by the Issuer to review and confirm the Issuer's performance against the 
Sustainability Performance Targets and as set out in the Final Terms in respect of a Loan.  
"Finance Charges" means, for the Reference Period, the aggregate amount of the 
accrued interest, commission, fees, discounts, payment fees, premiums or charges and 
other finance payments in respect of Financial Indebtedness whether paid, payable or 
capitalised by any Group Company according to the latest Financial Statements 
(calculated on a consolidated basis) other than Transaction Costs, prepayment fees or 
other prepayment penalties or premiums, capitalised interest in respect of any loan 
owing to any Group Company and taking no account of any unrealised gains or losses

--- Page 65 ---
65 
 
on any derivative instruments other than any derivative instrument which are 
accounted for on a hedge accounting basis.  
"Final Terms" means, in respect of a Loan, the final terms prepared for that Loan. 
"Finance Lease" means any finance leases, to the extent the arrangement is or would 
have been treated as a finance or a capital lease in accordance with the Accounting 
Principles as applicable from time to time. 
"Financial Indebtedness" means any indebtedness for or in respect of: 
(a) 
monies borrowed or raised, including Market Loans but excluding Hybrid Debt;  
(b) 
the amount of any liability in respect of any Finance Leases; 
(c) 
receivables sold or discounted (not including receivables sold on a non-recourse 
basis); 
(d) 
any amount raised under any other transaction (including any forward sale or 
purchase agreement) having the commercial effect of a borrowing; 
(e) 
any derivative transaction entered into in connection with protection against or 
benefit from fluctuation in any rate or price (and, when calculating the value of 
any derivative transaction, only the mark to market value shall be taken into 
account, provided that if any actual amount is due as a result of a termination 
or a close-out, such amount shall be used instead);  
(f) 
any counter indemnity obligation in respect of a guarantee, indemnity, bond, 
standby or documentary letter of credit or any other instrument issued by a 
bank or financial institution;  
(g) 
any amount raised by the issue of redeemable shares, including preference 
shares, which are redeemable (other than at the option of the Issuer) before the 
Maturity Date of any Loan (however not taking into consideration any Loans 
under which Subordinated Notes have been issued); and 
(h) 
(without double counting) any guarantee or other assurance against financial 
loss in respect of a type referred to in the above paragraphs (a)-(g). 
"Financial Statements" means the annual audited consolidated financial statements of 
the Group or the quarterly interim unaudited consolidated financial statements of the 
Group which shall be prepared and made available according to paragraphs (i) and (ii) 
of Clause 14.1(a). 
"Financial Year" means the annual accounting period of the Group. 
"Force Majeure Event" has the meaning set forth in Clause 28 (Force Majeure and 
Limitation of Liability). 
"Framework Amount" is the framework amount of this MTN Programme, which the 
Issuer and the Dealers agree on from time to time.

--- Page 66 ---
66 
 
"Fitch" means Fitch Ratings Ltd. 
"Green Notes" means Notes specified as green notes in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Green Notes Framework" means the Issuer’s green notes framework from time to 
time, and as further specified and in force as at the date set out in the Final Terms for a 
Loan. 
"Group" means the Issuer and its Subsidiaries from time to time (each a "Group 
Company"). 
"Hybrid Debt" means any subordinated (according to its terms) debt instrument(s) 
issued by the Issuer in the form hybrid capital provided that such debt instrument(s) is 
treated as equity pursuant to the Accounting Principles. 
"Insolvent" means, in respect of a relevant Person, that it is deemed to be insolvent, or 
admits inability to pay its debts as they fall due, in each case within the meaning of 
Chapter 2, Sections 7–9 of the Swedish Bankruptcy Act (Sw. konkurslagen (1987:672)) 
(or its equivalent in any other jurisdiction), suspends making payments on any of its 
debts or by reason of actual financial difficulties commences negotiations with its 
creditors (other than the Noteholders) with a view to rescheduling any of its 
indebtedness (including company reorganisation (Sw. företagsrekonstruktion) under the 
Swedish Company Reorganisation Act (Sw. lag (2022:964) om företagsrekonstruktion) 
(or its equivalent in any other jurisdiction)) or is subject to involuntary winding-up, 
dissolution or liquidation. 
"Interest" means the interest on the Notes calculated in accordance with Clause 7 
(Interest). 
"Interest Base" means in respect of a Loan with floating interest rate, the interest base 
(EURIBOR, NIBOR, CIBOR or STIBOR) stated in the Final Terms for that Loan or any 
reference rate replacing EURIBOR, NIBOR, CIBOR or STIBOR (as applicable) in accordance 
with Clause 23 (Replacement of Interest Base). 
"Interest Base Administrator" means Swedish Financial Benchmark Facility AB (SFBF), 
European Money Markets Institute (EMMI), Danish Financial Benchmark Facility or 
Norske Finansielle Referanser AS (as applicable) or any person replacing it as 
administrator of the Interest Base. 
"Interest Coverage Ratio" means the ratio of EBITDA to Net Finance Charges. 
"Interest Payment Date" means, subject, in relation to any Subordinated Notes, to 
Clause 9 (Optional Interest Deferral), the date(s) specified in the Final Terms for that 
Loan. 
"Interest Period" means, in respect of a Loan, the period specified in the Final Terms for 
that Loan. 
"Interest Rate" means:

--- Page 67 ---
67 
 
(a) 
in respect of a Loan with fixed interest rate, the interest rate specified in the 
relevant Final Terms; and 
(b) 
in respect of a Loan with floating interest rate, the interest rate calculated in 
accordance with Clause 7.2 (Floating interest rate). 
"IPA" means any issuing and paying agent appointed in accordance with Clause 6(d) in 
respect of VPS Notes, but only for so long as such issuing and paying agent has not 
withdrawn as an issuing and paying agent or been replaced in accordance with Clause 
22(f). 
"Issue Date" means, in respect of a Loan, the date specified in the Final Terms for that 
Loan. 
"Issuer Winding-up" has the meaning ascribed to it in paragraph (b)(i) of Clause 3.2 
(Subordinated Notes). 
"Issuing Dealer" means, in respect of a Loan, the Dealer(s) through which that Loan is 
raised. 
"Key Performance Indicator" means the key performance indicator(s) (KPI) applicable 
to certain Sustainability-Linked Notes as set out in the Final Terms in respect of a Loan.  
"Loan" means each loan comprising one or more Note with the same ISIN code, which 
the Issuer raises under this MTN Programme. 
"Loan Terms" means, for a Loan, these General Terms and Conditions and the Final 
Terms for that Loan. 
"LTV Ratio" means at any time in relation to the Group, the aggregate of the Net Interest 
Bearing Debt of the Group as a percentage of the aggregate Value of the Properties. 
"Maintenance Test" means the financial test as set out in Clause 15.1 (Maintenance 
Test). 
"Margin" means, for a Loan with floating interest rate, the margin specified in the Final 
Terms for that Loan. 
"Margin Premium" means, in respect of Subordinated Notes issued under a Loan, the 
applicable margin premium specified in the Final Terms for that Loan.  
"Market Loan" means any loan or other indebtedness where an entity issues 
commercial paper, certificates, subordinated debentures, bonds or any other debt 
securities (including, for the avoidance of doubt, medium term note programmes and 
other market funding programmes), provided in each case that such instruments and 
securities are or can be subject to trade on any Regulated Market, MTF or other 
unregulated recognised market place. 
"Material Adverse Effect" means a material adverse effect on (a) the business, financial 
condition or operations of the Group taken as a whole, (b) the Issuer’s ability or

--- Page 68 ---
68 
 
willingness to perform and comply with its payment and other undertakings under any 
Loan Terms or (c) the validity or enforceability of any Loan Terms. 
"Maturity Date" means, in respect of a Loan, the date specified in the Final Terms for 
that Loan. 
"Moody’s" means Moody’s Investors Services Ltd. 
"MTF" means any multilateral trading facility as defined in the Markets in Financial 
Instruments Directive 2014/65/EU (MIFID II), as amended. 
"NCR" means Nordic Credit Rating AS. 
"Net Finance Charges" means, for the Reference Period, the Finance Charges according 
to the latest Financial Statements, after deducting any interest payable for that 
Reference Period to any Group Company and any interest income relating to Cash or 
Cash Equivalent. 
"Net Interest Bearing Debt" means the aggregate interest bearing Financial 
Indebtedness less Cash and Cash Equivalents of the Group in accordance with the 
applicable accounting principles of the Group from time to time (for the avoidance of 
doubt, excluding guarantees, bank guarantees, any claims subordinated pursuant to a 
subordination agreement and interest bearing Financial Indebtedness borrowed from 
any Group Company). 
"NIBOR" means: 
(a) 
the interest rate fixed for a period comparable to the relevant Interest Period 
published by the applicable Interest Base Administrator at approximately 12.00 
a.m. (Oslo time) on the Quotation Day;  
(b) 
if no such rate as set out in paragraph (a) above is available for the relevant 
Interest Period, the rate determined by the Administrative Agent by 
interpolation between the two closest rates published by Norske Finansielle 
Referanser AS (or on such other page as replaces the said system or page) for 
the offering of deposits in Norwegian Kroner;  
(c) 
if no rate is available for the relevant Interest Period pursuant to paragraph (a) 
and/or (b) above, the arithmetic mean of the rates (rounded upwards to four 
decimal places) as supplied to the Administrative Agent at its request quoted by 
leading banks in the Norwegian interbank market reasonably selected by the 
Administrative Agent, for deposits of NOK 100,000,000 for the relevant period; 
or 
(d) 
if no quotation is available pursuant to paragraph (c) above, the interest rate 
which according to the reasonable assessment of the Administrative Agent best 
reflects the interest rate for deposits in Norwegian Kronor offered in the 
Norwegian interbank market for the relevant period. 
"Nominal Amount" means, in respect of a Loan, the amount for each Note specified in 
the Final Terms for that Loan.

--- Page 69 ---
69 
 
"Non-Subordinated Notes" means any Note which is not a Subordinated Note.  
"Norwegian Kroner" or "NOK" means the lawful currency of Norway. 
"Norwegian Central Securities Depository Act" means the Norwegian act on central 
securities depositories and securities settlement etc. of 15 March 2019 no. 6 (Nw. 
verdipapirsentralloven). 
"Note" means a debt instrument (Sw. skuldförbindelse) for the Nominal Amount and of 
the type set forth in Chapter 1 Section 3 of the Central Securities Depositories and 
Financial Instruments Accounts Act in respect of Euroclear Notes, and in Chapter 2 
Section 1 (2) of the Norwegian Central Securities Depository Act in respect of VPS Notes, 
which represents a part of a Loan and which is governed by and issued under these 
General Terms and Conditions. 
"Noteholder" means, in respect of a Note, the Person who is registered on a Securities 
Account as direct registered owner (Sw. direktregistrerad ägare) or nominee (Sw. 
förvaltare) with respect to that Note, subject however, to Clause 5 (Right to Act on 
behalf of a Noteholder). 
"Noteholders’ Meeting" means a meeting among the Noteholders held in accordance 
with Clause 20 (Noteholders’ Meeting). 
"Parity Securities" means any obligations of: 
(a) 
the Issuer, issued directly or indirectly by it, which rank, or are expressed to rank, 
pari passu with the Subordinated Notes; and 
(b) 
any Subsidiary of the Issuer having the benefit of a guarantee or support 
agreement from the Issuer which ranks or is expressed to rank pari passu with 
the Subordinated Notes. 
"Person" means any individual, corporation, partnership, limited liability company, joint 
venture, association, joint-stock company, trust, unincorporated organisation, 
government, or any agency or political subdivision thereof or any other entity, whether 
or not having a separate legal personality. 
"Positive Rating Event" shall be deemed to occur if the Issuer receives a credit rating 
from any Rating Agency. 
"Potential Change of Control Event Announcement" means any public announcement 
or statement by the Issuer, any actual or potential bidder or any designated advisor 
thereto relating to any specific and near-term potential Change of Control Event (where 
"near-term" shall mean that such potential Change of Control Event is reasonably likely 
to occur, or is publicly stated by the Issuer, any such actual or potential bidder or any 
such designated advisor to be intended to occur, within 120 days of the date of such 
announcement or statement). 
"Properties" means all properties owned by the Group from time to time.

--- Page 70 ---
70 
 
"Quotation Day" means, for a Loan with floating rate, the date that is specified in the 
Final Terms for that Loan. 
"Rating Agency" means Moody’s, S&P, Fitch, NCR or Scope and any other rating agency 
of equivalent international standing requested by the Issuer to grant corporate credit 
rating to the Issuer and, in each case, their successors or affiliates. 
"Rating Downgrade" shall be deemed to have occurred in respect of a Change of Control 
Event if within the Change of Control Event Period (i) the rating previously assigned to 
the Issuer (if any) by any Rating Agency is withdrawn by the relevant Rating Agency and 
not subsequently reinstated within the Change of Control Event Period (it being 
expressly acknowledged that any such withdrawal procured or effectuated by the Issuer 
or otherwise made to the direction, order or on the initiative of the Issuer, shall not 
constitute a Rating Downgrade) or (ii) the rating previously assigned to the Issuer (if any) 
by the relevant Rating Agency is lowered (by the relevant Rating Agency) at least one 
rating category below the rating category provided and not subsequently upgraded to 
at least the same rating category within the Change of Control Event Period, provided 
that a Rating Downgrade otherwise arising by virtue of a particular change in rating shall 
be deemed not to have occurred in respect of a particular Change of Control Event if the 
relevant Rating Agency making the change in rating to which this definition would 
otherwise apply does not publicly announce or publicly confirm that the withdrawal or 
reduction was the result of the applicable Change of Control Event. 
"Rating Event" shall be deemed to occur if the Issuer has received confirmation from 
any Rating Agency either directly or via a publication by such Rating Agency, that an 
amendment, clarification or change has occurred in the equity credit criteria of such 
Rating Agency effectively after the date a Positive Rating Event occurs and this has 
resulted in lower equity credit (or such other nomenclature that the relevant Rating 
Agency may then use to describe the degree to which an instrument exhibits the 
characteristics of an ordinary share) for the Subordinated Notes than the equity credit 
assigned on the date a Positive Rating Event occurs. 
"Record Date" means: 
(a) 
in relation to Euroclear Notes, the fifth Business Day prior to (i) an Interest 
Payment Date, (ii) a Maturity Date or a Redemption Date (as applicable), (iii) the 
date of a Noteholders’ Meeting or Written Procedure, (iv) a date on which a 
payment to the Noteholders is to be made, or (v) another relevant date, or in 
each case such other Business Day falling prior to a relevant date if generally 
applicable on the Swedish debt capital market; and 
(b) 
in relation to VPS Notes, (i) in relation to payments pursuant to the Loan Terms, 
the date designated as the relevant Record Date in accordance with the rules of 
the VPS from time to time, or (ii) for the purpose of casting a vote with regard 
to Clause 20 (Noteholders’ Meeting) or Clause 21 (Written Procedure), the date 
falling on the immediate preceding Business Day to the date of that 
Noteholders’ decision being made, or another date as accepted by the Agent. 
"Redemption Date" means the date on which the relevant Subordinated Notes are to 
be redeemed or repurchased in accordance with Clause 12 (Redemption and Repurchase

--- Page 71 ---
71 
 
of Subordinated Notes) as set out in the notice of redemption issued pursuant to Clause 
12.7 (Notice of redemption). 
"Reference Date" means 31 March, 30 June, 30 September and 31 December in each 
year for as long as any Notes are outstanding.  
"Reference Period" means each period of twelve consecutive calendar months ending 
on a Reference Date. 
"Regulated Market" means any regulated market (as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU 
on markets in financial instruments, as amended). 
"Scope" means Scope Ratings GmbH. 
"Securities Account" means the account for dematerialised securities maintained by the 
CSD pursuant to the Central Securities Depositories and Financial Instruments Accounts 
Act in respect of Euroclear Notes and maintained by VPS pursuant to the Norwegian 
Central Securities Depository Act in respect of VPS Notes, in which (a) an owner of such 
security is directly registered or (b) an owner’s holding of securities is registered in the 
name of a nominee. 
"Security" means a mortgage, charge, pledge, lien, security assignment or other security 
interest securing any obligation of any Person, or any other agreement or arrangement 
having a similar effect. 
"S&P" means Standard and Poor’s Credit Market Services Europe Limited. 
"Special Event" means any of an Accounting Event, a Rating Event, a Tax Event, a 
Withholding Tax Event or any combination of the foregoing. 
"STIBOR" means: 
(a) 
the applicable percentage rate per annum of the Stockholm interbank offered 
rate for STIBOR fixing administered and calculated by the applicable Interest 
Base Administrator and displayed on the appropriate Reuters screen (or through 
such other system or on such other page as replaces the said system or page) as 
of or around 11.00 a.m. on the Quotation Day for the offering of deposits in 
Swedish Kronor and for a period comparable to the relevant Interest Period;  
(b) 
if no such rate as set out in paragraph (a) above is available for the relevant 
Interest Period, the rate determined by the Administrative Agent by 
interpolation between the two closest rates displayed on the appropriate 
Reuters screen (or through such other system or on such other page as replaces 
the said system or page) as of or around 11.00 a.m. on the Quotation Day for 
the offering of deposits in Swedish Kronor;  
(c) 
if no rate is available for the relevant Interest Period pursuant to paragraph (a) 
and/or (b) above, the arithmetic mean of the rates (rounded upwards to four 
decimal places) as supplied to the Administrative Agent at its request quoted by 
leading banks in the Stockholm interbank market reasonably selected by the

--- Page 72 ---
72 
 
Administrative Agent, for deposits of SEK 100,000,000 for the relevant period; 
or 
(d) 
if no quotation is available pursuant to paragraph (c) above, the interest rate 
which according to the reasonable assessment of the Administrative Agent best 
reflects the interest rate for deposits in Swedish Kronor offered in the Stockholm 
interbank market for the relevant period. 
"Subordinated Indebtedness" means any obligation of the Issuer, whether or not having 
a fixed maturity, which by its terms is, or is expressed to be, subordinated in the event 
of an Issuer Winding-up to the claims of all unsubordinated creditors of the Issuer but 
senior to the Subordinated Notes or to the obligations of the Issuer in respect of any 
Parity Securities. 
"Subordinated Note" means the Notes (i) specified as such in the relevant Final Terms 
and (ii) having the status set out in Clause 3.2 (Subordinated Notes). 
"Subordinated Notes Call Date" means, for Subordinated Notes under a Loan, the 
subordinated notes call date specified in the Final Terms for that Loan. 
"Subsidiary" means an entity from time to time of which a Person: 
(a) 
has direct or indirect control; or 
(b) 
owns directly or indirectly more than fifty per cent of the share capital or other 
right of ownership. 
"Sustainability-Linked Interest Rate Decrease" means the interest rate decrease, if 
applicable to certain Sustainability-Linked Notes, set out in the Final Terms in respect of 
a Loan. 
"Sustainability-Linked Interest Rate Increase" means the interest rate increase, if 
applicable to certain Sustainability-Linked Notes, set out in the Final Terms in respect of 
a Loan. 
"Sustainability-Linked Notes" means Notes specified as Sustainability-Linked Notes in 
the Final Terms in respect of a Loan.  
"Sustainability-Linked Notes Framework" means the Issuer's sustainability-linked notes 
framework, as it is worded on the Issue Date applicable to the Sustainability-Linked 
Notes. 
"Sustainability-Linked Progress Report" means a report prepared by the Issuer 
including the External Verifier's review and confirmation of the relevant Sustainability 
Performance Target(s) and which is published in any sustainability report of the Group 
or Financial Statements or otherwise made available on the Issuer's website.  
"Sustainability-Linked Redemption Premium" means the percentage points, if 
applicable to certain Sustainability-Linked Notes, as set out in the Final Terms in respect 
of a Loan.

--- Page 73 ---
73 
 
"Sustainability-Linked Report Date" means the date(s) as set out in the Final Terms in 
respect of a Loan when the Issuer in respect of Sustainability-Linked Notes shall publish 
the Sustainability-Linked Progress Report.  
"Sustainability Performance Target" means the sustainability performance target(s) 
applicable to certain Sustainability-Linked Notes as set out in the Final Terms in respect 
of a Loan and which shall be met based on the relevant Key Performance Indicators and 
calculated in accordance with the relevant Calculation Method. 
"Swedish Kronor" and "SEK" means the lawful currency of Sweden. 
"Target Observation Date" means the date(s) when the Issuer in respect of 
Sustainability-Linked Notes shall have met the relevant Sustainability Performance 
Targets as set out in the Final Terms in respect of a Loan.  
"Tax Event" means the receipt by the Issuer of an opinion of a well-reputed counsel in 
Sweden (experienced in such matters) to the effect that, as a result of a Tax Law Change, 
any Interest payable under the Subordinated Notes were, but are no longer, tax-
deductible by the Issuer for Swedish tax purposes to the same extent as any 
unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer. 
"Tax Law Change" means: 
(a) 
any amendment to, clarification of, or change in, the laws or treaties (or any 
regulations thereunder) of Sweden, or any political subdivision or any authority 
thereof or therein having the power to tax, affecting taxation; 
(b) 
any governmental action; or 
(c) 
any amendment to, clarification of, or change in the application, official position 
or the interpretation of such law, treaty (or regulations thereunder) or 
governmental action or any interpretation, decision or pronouncement that 
provides for a position with respect to such law, treaty (or regulations 
thereunder) or governmental action that differs from the theretofore generally 
accepted position, 
in each case, by any legislative body, court, governmental authority or regulatory body 
in Sweden, irrespective of the manner in which such amendment, clarification, change, 
action, pronouncement, interpretation or decision is made known, which amendment, 
clarification or change is effective or such governmental action, pronouncement, 
interpretation or decision is announced on or after the Issue Date of the relevant Loan. 
"Total Assets" means by reference to the consolidated balance sheet of the Group 
according to the latest Financial Statements, the consolidated book-value of all assets 
of the Group in accordance with the accounting principles of the Group. 
"Transaction Costs" means all fees, costs and expenses, stamp, registration and other 
taxes incurred by the Issuer or any other Group Company in connection with (i) the 
issuance and listing of Notes and (ii) the incurrence of any other Financial Indebtedness.

--- Page 74 ---
74 
 
"Valuation" means a valuation report of a Property or Properties prepared and issued 
by a Valuer (with or without a performed site visit), specifying the value of the 
Properties.  
"Value" means the value of the Properties as set out in the most recent Financial 
Statements. 
"Valuer" means an independent and reputable appraiser. 
"VPS" means Verdipapirsentralen ASA, Norwegian Reg. No. 985 140 421. 
"VPS Notes" means Notes denominated in NOK or DKK. 
"Withholding Tax Event" shall be deemed to occur if, as a result of any Tax Law Change, 
in making any payments on the Subordinated Notes, the Issuer has paid or will or would 
on the next Interest Payment Date be required to pay additional amounts on the 
Subordinated Notes and the Issuer cannot avoid the foregoing by taking reasonable 
measures available to it. 
"Written Procedure" means the written or electronic procedure for decision making 
among the Noteholders in accordance with Clause 21 (Written Procedure). 
1.2 
Construction 
(a) 
Unless a contrary indication appears, any reference in these General Terms and 
Conditions to: 
(i) 
"assets" includes present and future properties, revenues and rights of 
every description; 
(ii) 
any agreement or instrument is a reference to that agreement or 
instrument as supplemented, amended, novated, extended, restated or 
replaced from time to time; 
(iii) 
a "regulation" includes any regulation, law, rule or official directive 
(whether or not having the force of law) of any governmental, 
intergovernmental or supranational body, agency or department; and 
(iv) 
a provision of law is a reference to that provision as amended or re-
enacted. 
(b) 
An Event of Default is continuing if it has not been remedied or waived. 
(c) 
When ascertaining whether a limit or threshold specified in EUR has been 
attained or broken, an amount in another currency shall be counted on the basis 
of the rate of exchange for such currency against EUR for the previous Business 
Day, as published by the European Central Bank on its website 
(www.ecb.europa.eu). If no such rate is available, the most recently published 
rate shall be used instead.

--- Page 75 ---
75 
 
(d) 
Further definitions in respect of a Loan are contained (where relevant) in the 
applicable Final Terms. The definitions contained in these General Terms and 
Conditions shall also apply to the Final Terms. 
(e) 
A notice shall be deemed to be sent by way of press release if it is made available 
to the public within the European Economic Area promptly and in a non-
discriminatory manner. 
(f) 
The "privacy notice" contained in this document before the table of contents 
section do not form part of these General Terms and Conditions and may be 
updated without the consent of the Noteholders and the Agent.  
(g) 
The "information regarding Subordinated Notes" contained in this document 
before the table of contents section do not form part of these General Terms 
and Conditions. 
2. 
Issuance of Notes 
(a) 
Under this MTN Programme the Issuer may issue Notes in Euro, Norwegian 
Kroner, Danish Krone and Swedish Kronor with a minimum term of one year. 
Under a Loan, Notes may be issued in more than one tranche. 
(b) 
The Issuer may only issue Notes under this MTN Programme provided that no 
Event of Default is continuing or would result from such issue and considering 
Clause 16.9 (Framework amount). 
(c) 
The Issuer undertakes to make payments in respect of each Loan in accordance 
with the Loan Terms. 
(d) 
In subscribing for Notes each initial Noteholder accepts that its Notes shall have 
the rights and be subject to the conditions stated in the Loan Terms. In acquiring 
Notes each new Noteholder confirms such acceptance. 
(e) 
If the Issuer wishes to issue Notes under this MTN Programme the Issuer shall 
enter into a separate agreement for this purpose with one or more Dealers 
which shall be the Issuing Dealer(s) for that Loan. 
(f) 
Final Terms shall be established in relation to each Loan which together with 
these General Terms and Conditions shall constitute the complete Loan Terms 
for that Loan. 
(g) 
The Issuer agrees that it will, without undue delay, send a copy of the signed 
Final Terms to the Agent after the Final Terms for a Loan have been signed. 
(h) 
The Notes are freely transferable but the Noteholders may be subject to 
purchase or transfer restrictions with regard to the Notes, as applicable, under 
local regulation to which a Noteholder may be subject. Each Noteholder must 
ensure compliance with such restrictions at its own cost and expense. 
(i) 
No action is being taken in any jurisdiction that would or is intended to permit a 
public offering of the Notes or the possession, circulation or distribution of any

--- Page 76 ---
76 
 
document or other material relating to the Issuer or the Notes in any jurisdiction 
other than Sweden, where action for that purpose is required. Each Noteholder 
must inform itself about, and observe, any applicable restrictions to the transfer 
of material relating to the Issuer or the Notes. 
(j) 
In subscribing for Notes each initial Noteholder accepts that its Notes shall have 
the rights and be subject to the conditions stated in the Loan Terms. In acquiring 
Notes each new Noteholder confirms such acceptance. 
3. 
Status of the Notes 
3.1 
Non-Subordinated Notes 
The Non-Subordinated Notes will constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and 
unsecured debt obligations of the Issuer and shall at all times rank pari passu and 
without any preference among themselves and shall rank at least pari passu with all 
other present and future unsubordinated and unsecured obligations (except those 
obligations preferred by law) of the Issuer. 
3.2 
Subordinated Notes 
(a) 
The Subordinated Notes, including the obligation to pay interest thereon, 
constitute direct, general, unconditional, unsecured and subordinated 
obligations of the Issuer. The rights and claims of the Noteholders in respect of 
the Subordinated Notes against the Issuer are subordinated as described under 
Clause 3.2(b). 
(b) 
In the event of: 
(i) 
a voluntary or involuntary liquidation (Sw. likvidation) or bankruptcy 
(Sw. konkurs) of the Issuer (each an "Issuer Winding-up"), the 
Noteholders shall, in respect of their Subordinated Notes, have a claim 
for the principal amount of their Subordinated Notes and any accrued 
and unpaid interest (including any Deferred Interest) thereon and such 
claims will rank: 
(A) 
pari passu without any preference among themselves and with 
any present or future claims in respect of obligations of the 
Issuer in respect of Parity Securities; 
(B) 
in priority to all present and future claims in respect of: 
(1) 
the shares of the Issuer; and 
(2) 
any other obligation of the Issuer expressed by its terms 
as at its original issue date to rank junior to the 
Subordinated Notes or any Parity Securities; and 
(C) 
junior in right of payment to any present or future claims of: 
(1) 
all unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer; and

--- Page 77 ---
77 
 
(2) 
all Subordinated Indebtedness; or 
(ii) 
a company reorganisation of the Issuer under the Swedish Company 
Reorganisation Act, the Noteholders shall, in respect of their 
Subordinated Notes, have a claim for the principal amount of their 
Subordinated Notes and any accrued and unpaid interest (including any 
Deferred Interest) thereon and such claims will rank: 
(A) 
pari passu without any preference among themselves and with 
any present or future claims in respect of obligations of the 
Issuer in respect of Parity Securities; and 
(B) 
junior in right of payment to any present or future claims of: 
(1) 
all unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer; and 
(2) 
all Subordinated Indebtedness. 
Claims in respect of the share capital of the Issuer are not subject to loss 
absorbing measures under a company reorganisation of the Issuer. 
(c) 
Subject to applicable law, no Noteholder may exercise, claim or plead any right 
of set-off, compensation or retention in respect of any amount owed to it by the 
Issuer in respect of, or arising under or in connection with the Subordinated 
Notes and each Noteholder shall, by virtue of its holding of any Subordinated 
Note, be deemed to have waived all such rights of set-off, compensation or 
retention. 
4. 
Registration of Notes 
(a) 
Notes will be registered for the Noteholders on their respective Securities 
Account and no physical notes representing the Notes will be issued. 
Accordingly, the Notes will be registered in accordance with the Central 
Securities Depositories and Financial Instruments Accounts Act in respect of 
Euroclear Notes and, following an affiliation in accordance with Clause 16.17(b), 
the Norwegian Central Securities Depository Act in respect of VPS Notes. 
Registration requests relating to the Notes shall be directed to an Account 
Operator. 
(b) 
The debt register (Sw. skuldbok) kept by Euroclear in respect of Euroclear Notes 
and the securities depository kept by VPS in respect of VPS Notes shall constitute 
conclusive evidence of the Persons who are Noteholders and their holdings of 
Notes. 
(c) 
Any Person who acquires the right to receive payment under a Note through a 
mandate, assignment, security, regulations in the Code on Parents and Children 
(Sw. Föräldrabalken), conditions in a will or deed of gift or in some other way 
shall register her or his right in order to receive payment. 
(d) 
The Agent and the Issuer (in each case when permitted under the CSD 
Regulations) shall, for the purpose of carrying out its tasks in connection with

--- Page 78 ---
78 
 
the Loan Terms and, with Euroclear’s or VPS’s permission, at all other times be 
entitled to obtain information from the debt register kept by Euroclear in 
respect of Euroclear Notes and the securities depository kept by VPS in respect 
of VPS Notes. At the request of the Agent, the Issuer shall promptly obtain such 
information and provide it to the Agent. For the purpose of carrying out any 
administrative procedure that arises out of Loan Terms, the Administrative 
Agent shall be entitled to obtain information from the debt register kept by 
Euroclear in respect of Euroclear Notes and the securities depository kept by 
VPS in respect of VPS Notes. 
(e) 
The Agent or the Administrative Agent may use the information referred to in 
Clause 4(d) only for the purposes of carrying out their duties and exercising their 
rights in accordance with the Loan Terms and shall not disclose such information 
to a Noteholder or any third party unless necessary for such purposes. Neither 
the Agent nor the Administrative Agent shall be responsible for the content of 
such register that is referred to in Clause 4(d) or in any other way be responsible 
for determining who is a Noteholder. 
(f) 
The Issuer shall issue any necessary power of attorney to such persons 
employed by the Agent, as notified by the Agent, in order for such individuals to 
independently obtain information directly from the debt register. The Issuer 
may not revoke any such power of attorney unless directed by the Agent or 
unless consent thereto is given by the Noteholders. 
5. 
Right to Act on behalf of a Noteholder 
(a) 
If any Person other than a Noteholder wishes to exercise any rights under the 
Loan Terms, it must obtain a power of attorney or other proof of authorisation 
from the Noteholder or a successive, coherent chain of powers of attorney or 
proofs of authorisation starting with the Noteholder and authorising such 
Person. 
(b) 
If a beneficial owner of a VPS Note not being registered as a Noteholder wishes 
to exercise any rights under the Loan Terms (without obtaining a power of 
attorney or other proof of authorisation pursuant to Clause 5(a)), it must obtain 
other proof of ownership of the applicable VPS Note, acceptable to the Agent. 
(c) 
A Noteholder of VPS Notes (whether registered as such or proven to the Agent’s 
satisfaction to be the beneficial owner of the VPS Note as set out in Clause 5(b)) 
may issue one or several powers of attorney or other authorisations to third 
parties to represent it in relation to some or all of the VPS Note held by it. Any 
such representative may act independently under the Loan Terms in relation to 
the VPS Note for which such representative is entitled to represent the 
Noteholder and may further delegate its right to represent such Person by way 
of a further power of attorney. 
(d) 
A Noteholder of Euroclear Notes may issue one or several powers of attorney to 
third parties to represent it in relation to some or all of the Notes held by it. Any 
such representative may act independently under the Loan Terms in relation to 
the Notes for which such representative is entitled to represent the Noteholder.

--- Page 79 ---
79 
 
(e) 
The Agent shall only have to examine the face of a power of attorney or other 
proof of authorisation that has been provided to it pursuant to Clause 5(a) and 
may assume that it has been duly authorised, is valid, has not been revoked or 
superseded and that it is in full force and effect, unless otherwise is apparent 
from its face or the Agent has actual knowledge to the contrary. 
(f) 
The Loan Terms shall not affect the relationship between a Noteholder who is 
the nominee (Sw. förvaltare) with respect to a Note and the owner of such Note 
and it is the responsibility of such nominee to observe and comply with any 
restrictions that may apply to it in this capacity. 
6. 
Payments in Respect of Notes 
(a) 
Payments in respect of Notes denominated in SEK shall be made in SEK, 
payments in respect of Notes denominated in NOK shall be made in NOK, 
payments in respect of Notes denominated in DKK shall be made in DKK and 
payments in respect of Notes denominated in EUR shall be made in EUR. 
Notwithstanding paragraph (a) above, should a receiver's account not be able 
to handle or otherwise receive the relevant currency, an exchange will occur in 
accordance with the relevant CSD Regulations. 
(b) 
A Loan falls due in accordance with what is stated in Clause 10 (Redemption and 
Repurchase of Non-Subordinated Notes) or Clause 12 (Redemption and 
Repurchase of Subordinated Notes) (as applicable). Interest accruing on Notes 
shall be paid on each Interest Payment Date in accordance with the Final Terms 
for that Loan.  
(c) 
Any payment or repayment under the Loan Terms shall be made to such Person 
who is registered as a Noteholder in respect of the Notes on the Record Date 
prior to an Interest Payment Date or other relevant due date, or to such other 
Person who is registered with the CSD on such date as being entitled to receive 
the relevant payment, repayment or repurchase amount. 
(d) 
Prior to issuing any VPS Notes, the Issuer shall appoint an IPA to facilitate 
payments of interest and repayment of principal amounts for VPS Notes. The 
Issuer undertakes to, for as long as any Note registered with VPS are 
outstanding, procure that payments of interest and repayment of principal 
amounts for such Notes may be made by the IPA in accordance with the Loan 
Terms, the rules and regulations of VPS and the relevant agreements between 
the Issuer and the IPA. 
(e) 
If a Noteholder has registered, through an Account Operator, that principal, 
Interest and any other payment that shall be made under the Loan Terms shall 
be deposited in a certain bank account, such deposits will be effected by the CSD 
on the relevant payment date. Should the CSD or the IPA, due to a delay on 
behalf of the Issuer or some other obstacle, not be able to effect payments as 
aforesaid, the Issuer shall procure that such amounts are paid as soon as 
possible after such obstacle has been removed.

--- Page 80 ---
80 
 
(f) 
If, due to any obstacle for the CSD or the IPA as stated in Clause 28(a), the Issuer 
cannot make a payment or repayment, such payment or repayment may be 
postponed until the obstacle has been removed. Interest shall accrue in 
accordance with Clause 8(b) (Default Interest) during such postponement. 
(g) 
If payment or repayment is made in accordance with this Clause 6, the Issuer, 
the IPA and the CSD shall be deemed to have fulfilled their obligation to pay, 
irrespective of whether such payment was made to a Person not entitled to 
receive such amount, unless the Issuer, the IPA or the CSD (as applicable) was 
aware of that the payment was being made to a Person not entitled to receive 
such amount. 
(h) 
The Issuer shall pay any stamp duty and other public fees accruing in connection 
with the issuance of Notes, but not in respect of trading in the secondary market 
(except to the extent required by applicable law), and shall deduct at source any 
applicable withholding tax payable pursuant to law. The Issuer shall not be liable 
to reimburse any stamp duty or public fee or to gross-up any payments under 
the Loan Terms by virtue of any withholding tax. 
7. 
Interest 
7.1 
Fixed interest rate 
(a) 
If the Final Terms of a Loan specify fixed interest rate as applicable to it, the Loan 
shall bear interest on its Nominal Amount at the Interest Rate: 
(i) 
in respect of Euroclear Notes, from (but excluding) the Interest 
Commencement Date up to (and including) the Maturity Date or the 
Redemption Date (as applicable); and 
(ii) 
in respect of VPS Notes, from (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date up to (but excluding) the Maturity Date or the 
Redemption Date (as applicable). 
(b) 
If the Final Terms of a Loan specify fixed interest rate as applicable to it, Interest 
accrued during an Interest Period is calculated using the Day Count Convention 
specified in the Final Terms and paid in arrears on the relevant Interest Payment 
Date or, to the extent such day is not a Business Day, the first following day that 
is a Business Day. Interest will however only accrue until the relevant Interest 
Payment Date.  
7.2 
Floating interest rate 
(a) 
If the Final Terms of a Loan specify floating interest rate as applicable to it, the 
Loan shall bear interest on its Nominal Amount: 
(i) 
in respect of Euroclear Notes, from (but excluding) the Interest 
Commencement Date up to (and including) the Maturity Date or the 
Redemption Date (as applicable); and

--- Page 81 ---
81 
 
(ii) 
in respect of VPS Notes, from (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date up to (but excluding) the Maturity Date or the 
Redemption Date (as applicable). 
(b) 
If the Final Terms of a Loan specify floating interest rate as applicable to it, the 
Interest Rate applicable to each respective Interest Period is determined by the 
Agent on the respective Quotation Day as the Interest Base for such period plus 
the Margin, as adjusted by any application of Clause 23 (Replacement of Interest 
Base), and shall, in case of VPS Notes, be notified to the IPA. If the Interest Base 
and the Margin for the relevant period is below zero, the Interest Rate shall be 
deemed to be zero. 
(c) 
If the Interest Rate is not determined on the Interest Determination Date 
because of an obstacle such as is described in Clause 28(a), the Loan shall 
continue to bear interest at the rate that applied to the immediately preceding 
Interest Period. As soon as the obstacle has been removed the Agent shall 
calculate a new Interest Rate to apply from the second Business Day after the 
date of calculation until the end of the current Interest Period. 
(d) 
If the Final Terms of a Loan specify floating interest rate as applicable to it, 
Interest accrued during an Interest Period is calculated using the Day Count 
Convention specified in the Final Terms and paid in arrears on the relevant 
Interest Payment Date or, to the extent such day is not a Business Day, the first 
following day that is a Business Day unless that day falls in the next calendar 
month, in which case that date will be the first preceding day that is a Business 
Day.  
7.3 
Subordinated Notes 
This Clause 7.3 is only applicable to Subordinated Notes. 
(a) 
Subject to paragraph (c) below, and provided a Positive Rating Event has not 
occurred prior to the Subordinated Notes Call Date, commencing from (but 
excluding) the Subordinated Notes Call Date, the Interest Rate in respect of each 
Interest Period shall be increased with the applicable Margin Premium.  
(b) 
The Interest Payment in respect of each Interest Period may be deferred in 
accordance with Clause 9 (Optional Interest Deferral). 
(c) 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Clause 7, if the Issuer does not elect 
to redeem the Subordinated Notes in accordance with Clause 12.5 (Voluntary 
total redemption due to a Change of Control Event) following the occurrence of 
a Change of Control, the then prevailing Interest Rate, and each subsequent 
Interest Rate otherwise determined in accordance with the provisions of this 
Clause 7, on the Subordinated Notes shall be increased by the applicable Change 
of Control Event Margin Premium with effect from (but excluding) the Change 
of Control Event Step-up Date.

--- Page 82 ---
82 
 
8. 
Default Interest 
(a) 
In the event of: 
(i) 
in respect of Non-Subordinated Notes, delay in payment relation to 
principal and/or interest (except in accordance with Clause 6(f)); and  
(ii) 
in respect of Subordinated Notes, failure in payment in relation to 
Clause 9.3 (Mandatory settlement of Deferred Interest) or Clause 12 
(Redemption and Repurchase of Subordinated Notes) (except for Clause 
12.1 (No maturity), Clause 12.2 (Repurchase of Subordinated Notes by a 
Group Company) and Clause 12.8 (Cancellation of Subordinated Notes)),  
penalty interest shall be paid on the amount due from the due date up to and 
including the day on which payment is made, at an interest rate which 
corresponds to the average of one week’s EURIBOR (for Loans denominated in 
EUR), NIBOR (for Loans denominated in NOK), CIBOR (for Loans denominated in 
DKK) and STIBOR (for Loans denominated in SEK), applicable on the first Business 
Day in each calendar week during the course of delay plus two percentage 
points. Penalty interest, in accordance with this Clause 8(a) shall never be less 
than the interest rate applicable to the relevant Loan on the relevant due date 
with the addition of two percentage points. Penalty interest is not compounded 
with the principal amount. 
(b) 
If the delay is due to an obstacle of the kind set out in Clause 28(a) on the part 
of the Issuing Dealer(s), the IPA or any relevant CSD, no penalty interest shall 
apply, in which case the interest rate which applied to the relevant Loan on the 
relevant due date shall apply instead. 
9. 
Optional Interest Deferral 
This Clause 9 is only applicable to Subordinated Notes. 
9.1 
Deferral of Interest Payments 
(a) 
The Issuer may, at any time and at its sole discretion, elect to defer any Interest 
Payment, in whole or in part, which is otherwise scheduled to be paid on an 
Interest Payment Date (except on any Interest Payment Date on which the 
Subordinated Notes are to be redeemed) for a Loan by giving notice of such 
election to the Noteholders under such Loan in accordance with Clause 27 
(Notices and Press Releases), the Issuing Dealer, the Administrative Agent and 
the Agent not less than seven Business Days prior to the relevant Interest 
Payment Date. Notwithstanding the foregoing, failure to give such notice shall 
not prejudice the right of the Issuer to defer any payment of Interest payable 
under a Loan on an Interest Payment Date for the relevant Interest Period in 
accordance with Clause 7 (Interest) (an "Interest Payment") as described above.  
(b) 
If the Issuer makes only a partial payment of Interest on an Interest Payment 
Date, such amount shall be applied equally to each Subordinated Note under 
the Loan.

--- Page 83 ---
83 
 
(c) 
Any Interest Payment so deferred pursuant to this Clause 9 shall: 
(i) 
in respect of Euroclear Notes, from (but excluding) the Interest Payment 
Date on which such Interest Payment would (but for its deferral) have 
been payable to (and including) the date on which it is paid in full, itself 
bear interest at the Interest Rate prevailing from time to time (which 
interest shall compound on each Interest Payment Date); and 
(ii) 
in respect of VPS Notes, from (and including) the Interest Payment Date 
on which such Interest Payment would (but excluding) the date on 
which it is paid in full, itself bear interest at the Interest Rate prevailing 
from time to time (which interest shall compound on each Interest 
Payment Date), 
and, for so long as the same remains unpaid, such deferred interest (together 
with the interest accrued thereon) shall constitute "Deferred Interest". 
(d) 
The deferral of an Interest Payment in accordance with this Clause 9 shall not 
constitute a default pursuant to Clause 17.2 (Events of Default – Subordinated 
Notes) by the Issuer under the Subordinated Notes or for any other purpose. 
9.2 
Optional settlement of Deferred Interest 
Deferred Interest under a Loan may be paid, in whole or in part, at any time at the option 
of the Issuer following delivery of a notice to such effect given by the Issuer to the 
Noteholders under such Loan in accordance with Clause 27 (Notices and Press Releases), 
the Issuing Dealer, the Administrative Agent and the Agent not less than seven Business 
Days prior to the date (to be specified in such notice) on which the Issuer will pay such 
Deferred Interest. Any such notice shall state the date fixed for the payment and the 
relevant Record Date and is irrevocable. 
9.3 
Mandatory settlement of Deferred Interest 
(a) 
The Issuer shall pay any Deferred Interest under a Loan, in whole but not in part, 
on the first to occur of the following dates: 
(i) 
the tenth Business Day following the date on which a Deferred Interest 
Payment Event occurs; 
(ii) 
any Interest Payment Date in respect of which the Issuer does not elect 
to defer all of the Interest accrued under a Loan in respect of the 
relevant Interest Period; and 
(iii) 
the date on which the Subordinated Notes under a Loan are redeemed 
or repaid in accordance with Clause 12 (Redemption and Repurchase of 
Subordinated Notes) or Clause 17.2 (Events of Default – Subordinated 
Notes). 
(b) 
Notice of any Deferred Interest Payment Event shall be given by the Issuer to 
the Noteholders under such Loan in accordance with Clause 27 (Notices and

--- Page 84 ---
84 
 
Press Releases), the Issuing Dealer, the Administrative Agent and the Agent 
within three Business Days of such event. 
10. 
Sustainability-Linked Notes adjustments 
This Clause 10 is only applicable to Non-Subordinated Notes. 
(a) 
In addition to what is stated in Clause 7 (Interest) and Clause 11 (Redemption 
and Repurchase of Non-Subordinated Notes), paragraphs (i) to (iii) below shall 
apply in relation to the Sustainability-Linked Notes issued under this MTN 
Programme: 
(i) 
if the Final Terms of a Loan in respect of Sustainability-Linked Notes 
specify Sustainability-Linked Interest Rate Increase as applicable to it, 
the Interest Rate (for Loans with fixed interest rate) or the Margin (for 
Loans with floating interest rate) shall be increased with the 
Sustainability-Linked Interest Rate Increase as set out in the Final Terms, 
from (and including) the Interest Period that begins immediately 
following the relevant Sustainability-Linked Report Date until (and 
excluding) the Interest Period that begins immediately following the 
next Sustainability-Linked Report Date or until the relevant Redemption 
Date (as applicable), unless: 
(A) 
the applicable Sustainability Performance Target(s) has been 
met as of the relevant Target Observation Date; 
(B) 
the External Verifier has issued a confirmation on or before the 
relevant Sustainability-Linked Report Date confirming that the 
applicable Sustainability Performance Target(s) has been met as 
of the relevant Target Observation Date; and 
(C) 
the Sustainability-Linked Progress Report has been published on 
or before the relevant Sustainability-Linked Report Date; 
(ii) 
if the Final Terms of a Loan in respect of Sustainability-Linked Notes 
specify Sustainability-Linked Interest Rate Decrease as applicable to it, 
the relevant Interest Rate (for Loans with fixed interest rate) or the 
Margin (for Loans with floating interest rate) shall be decreased with the 
Sustainability-Linked Interest Rate Decrease as set out in the Final 
Terms, from (and including) the Interest Period that begins immediately 
following the relevant Sustainability Linked Report Date until (and 
excluding) the Interest Period that begins immediately following the 
next Sustainability-Linked Report Date or until the relevant Redemption 
Date (as applicable), if:  
(A) 
the applicable Sustainability Performance Target(s) has been 
met on the relevant Target Observation Date; 
(B) 
the External Verifier has issued a confirmation on or before the 
relevant Sustainability-Linked Report Date confirming that the

--- Page 85 ---
85 
 
applicable Sustainability Performance Target(s) has been met as 
of the relevant Target Observation Date; and 
(C) 
the Sustainability-Linked Progress Report has been published on 
or before the relevant Sustainability-Linked Report Date; 
(iii) 
if the Final Terms of a Loan in respect of Sustainability-Linked Notes 
specify Sustainability-Linked Redemption Premium as applicable to it, 
the relevant price for an early total redemption in accordance with 
Clause 11.3 (Voluntary total redemption (call option)) or Clause 11.5 
(Non-Subordinated Notes Clean-up Call) or a repayment in full on the 
relevant Maturity Date of the Loan shall be increased with the 
Sustainability-Linked Redemption Premium as set out in the Final Terms 
unless:  
(A) 
the applicable Sustainability Performance Target(s) has been 
met as of the relevant Target Observation Date;  
(B) 
the External Verifier has issued a confirmation on or before the 
relevant Sustainability-Linked Report Date confirming that the 
applicable Sustainability Performance Target(s) has been met as 
of the relevant Target Observation Date; and 
(C) 
the Sustainability-Linked Progress Report has been published on 
or before the relevant Sustainability-Linked Report Date. 
(b) 
The Issuer shall promptly notify the Agent, the Administrative Agent and the 
Noteholders under the relevant Loan when the conditions for a Sustainability-
Linked Interest Rate Increase, Sustainability-Linked Interest Rate Decrease or 
Sustainability-Linked Redemption Premium have been fulfilled. 
11. 
Redemption and Repurchase of Non-Subordinated Notes 
This Clause 11 is only applicable to Non-Subordinated Notes. 
11.1 
Redemption at maturity 
A Loan falls due on its specified Maturity Date. Subject to Clause 11.3 (Voluntary total 
redemption (call option)), each Note shall be repaid on its specified Maturity Date at an 
amount equal to its Nominal Amount together with any accrued but unpaid interest. If 
the Maturity Date is not a Business Day, the Loan shall be repaid on the next following 
Business Day.  
11.2 
Repurchase of Notes by a Group Company 
Each Group Company may, subject to applicable regulations, repurchase Notes at any 
time and at any price in the open market or in any other way. Notes owned by a Group 
Company may at such Group Company’s discretion be retained, sold or, if held by the 
Issuer, cancelled.

--- Page 86 ---
86 
 
11.3 
Voluntary total redemption (call option) 
The Final Terms for a Loan may specify a right for the Issuer to redeem all, but not some 
only, of the outstanding Notes under that Loan in full on any Business Day prior to the 
Maturity Date for such Loan. If Notes are redeemed pursuant to this Clause 11.3, such 
Notes shall be redeemed at the time and the price specified in such Final Terms together 
with any accrued but unpaid Interest.  
11.4 
Mandatory repurchase due to a Change of Control Event or a De-listing Event 
(put option) 
(a) 
Upon a Change of Control Event or a De-listing Event, each Noteholder shall 
have the right to request that all, or some only, of its Notes be repurchased at a 
price per Note equal to 101 per cent. of the Nominal Amount together with 
accrued but unpaid Interest, during a period of 30 Business Days following a 
notice from the Issuer of the Change of Control Event or the De-listing Event 
pursuant to Clause 14.1(b) (after which time period such right shall lapse). 
However, such period may not start earlier than upon the occurrence of the 
Change of Control Event or the De-listing Event. 
(b) 
The notice from the Issuer pursuant to Clause 14.1(b) shall specify the 
repurchase date and include instructions about the actions that a Noteholder 
needs to take if it wants Notes held by it to be repurchased. If a Noteholder has 
so requested, and acted in accordance with the instructions in the notice from 
the Issuer, the Issuer, or a Person designated by the Issuer, shall repurchase the 
relevant Notes and the repurchase amount shall fall due on the repurchase date 
specified in the notice given by the Issuer pursuant to Clause 14.1(b). The 
repurchase date must fall no later than 20 Business Days after the end of the 
period referred to in Clause 11.4(a). 
(c) 
The Issuer shall comply with the requirements of any applicable securities laws 
or regulations in connection with the repurchase of Notes. To the extent that 
the provisions of such laws and regulations conflict with the provisions in this 
Clause 11.4, the Issuer shall comply with the applicable securities laws and 
regulations and will not be deemed to have breached its obligations under this 
Clause 11.4. by virtue of the conflict. 
(d) 
Any Note repurchased by the Issuer pursuant to this Clause 10.4 (Mandatory 
repurchase due to a Change of Control Event or a De-listing Event (put option)) 
may at the Issuer's discretion be retained or sold but not cancelled, except in 
connection with a redemption or repurchase of all of the Notes representing the 
relevant Loan. 
11.5 
Non-Subordinated Notes Clean-up Call 
(a) 
If Non-Subordinated Notes Clean-up Call is specified as being applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms and, at any time, the outstanding aggregate Nominal 
Amount of the Non-Subordinated Notes of a Loan (whereby Notes held by a 
Group Company shall not be considered as "outstanding") is 20 per cent. or less 
of the aggregate Nominal Amount of Notes originally issued for such Loan, the

--- Page 87 ---
87 
 
Issuer may redeem or, at the Issuer’s option, repurchase (or procure the 
repurchase of) all but not some only of, the Notes then outstanding at a price 
per Note equal to their Nominal Amount together with accrued but unpaid 
Interest. 
(b) 
In connection with a redemption or repurchase pursuant to (a) above, the Issuer 
shall deliver to the Agent a Compliance Certificate stating that the provisions in 
(a) above are satisfied.  
11.6 
Notice of redemption 
Redemption in accordance with Clause 11.3 and Clause 11.5 shall be made by the Issuer 
giving not less than 15 Business Days’ notice to the Noteholders and the Agent, in each 
case calculated from the effective date of the notice. Any such notice shall state the date 
on which the Notes of that Loan are to be redeemed or repurchased, the relevant Record 
Date and the redemption price. Any such notice is irrevocable but may, at the Issuer’s 
discretion, contain one or more conditions precedent that shall be satisfied prior to the 
Record Date. Upon fulfilment of the conditions precedent(s) (if any), the Issuer shall 
redeem the Notes in full at the applicable amounts on the date on which the Notes are 
to be redeemed or repurchased as specified in the above notice. 
11.7 
Cancellation of Non-Subordinated Notes 
All Non-Subordinated Notes purchased and elected to be cancelled pursuant to Clause 
11.2 (Repurchase of Notes by a Group Company) will be cancelled and may not be 
reissued or sold. The Issuer shall promptly inform the Noteholders in accordance with 
Clause 27 (Notices and Press Releases), the Agent and the Issuing Dealer of any such 
cancellation and for so long as any Non-Subordinated Notes are admitted to trading on 
Nasdaq Stockholm and the rules of such exchange so require, the Issuer shall promptly 
inform Nasdaq Stockholm (or any other relevant Regulated Market on which the 
Subordinated Notes are admitted to trading) of the cancellation of any Non-
Subordinated Notes under this Clause 11.7 (other than if such cancellation is made in 
connection with a redemption of all Non-Subordinated Notes under a Loan in full). 
12. 
Redemption and Repurchase of Subordinated Notes 
This Clause 12 is only applicable to Subordinated Notes. 
12.1 
No maturity 
The Subordinated Notes are perpetual and have no specified maturity date. The Issuer 
may only redeem the Subordinated Notes in the circumstances described in this Clause 
12 (Redemption and Repurchase of Subordinated Notes). The Subordinated Notes are 
not redeemable at the option of the Noteholders at any time. 
12.2 
Repurchase of Subordinated Notes by a Group Company 
The Issuer or any other Group Company may, subject to applicable law, at any time and 
at any price repurchase Subordinated Notes in the market or in any other way.

--- Page 88 ---
88 
 
Subordinated Notes held by a Group Company may at such Group Company’s discretion 
be retained, sold or, if held by the Issuer, cancelled. 
12.3 
Voluntary total redemption (call option) 
The Issuer may redeem all, but not only some, of the Subordinated Notes under a Loan 
in full on the Subordinated Notes Call Date or on any Interest Payment Date falling 
thereafter for such Loan. If Subordinated Notes are redeemed pursuant to this Clause 
12.3, such Subordinated Notes shall be redeemed at the time and the price specified in 
the Final Terms for such Loan together with any accrued but unpaid Interest and any 
Deferred Interest. 
12.4 
Voluntary total redemption due to a Special Event 
Upon a Special Event occurring, the Issuer may redeem all, but not some only, of the 
Subordinated Notes under a Loan at any time at the time and price specified in the Final 
Terms for such Loan together with any accrued but unpaid interest and any Deferred 
Interest.  
12.5 
Voluntary total redemption due to a Change of Control Event 
Upon a Change of Control Event (with no Positive Rating Event having occurred prior to 
the Change of Control Event), or a Change of Control Event, if a Positive Rating Event has 
occurred prior to the Change of Control Event, a Rating Downgrade occurs in respect of 
that Change of Control Event within the Change of Control Event Period, the Issuer may, 
no later than the Change of Control Event Step-up Date, redeem all, but not some only, 
of the Subordinated Notes under a Loan at the price specified in the Final Terms for such 
Loan together with any accrued but unpaid interest and any Deferred Interest. 
12.6 
Subordinated Notes Clean-up Call 
(a) 
If Subordinated Notes Clean-up Call is specified as being applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms and, at any time, the outstanding aggregate Nominal 
Amount of the Subordinated Notes of a Loan (whereby Notes held by a Group 
Company shall not be considered as "outstanding") is 20 per cent. or less of the 
aggregate Nominal Amount of Notes originally issued for such Loan, the Issuer 
may redeem or, at the Issuer’s option, repurchase (or procure the repurchase 
of) all but not some only of, the Notes then outstanding at a price per Note equal 
to their Nominal Amount together with accrued but unpaid Interest. 
(b) 
In connection with a redemption or repurchase pursuant to (a) above, the Issuer 
shall deliver to the Agent a Compliance Certificate stating that the provisions in 
(a) above are satisfied. 
12.7 
Notice of redemption 
Redemption in accordance with Clauses 12.3 to 12.6 shall be made by the Issuer giving 
no less than 15 but not more than 60 Business Days’ notice to the Noteholders, the 
Issuing Dealer, the Administrative Agent and the Agent. Any such notice shall state the 
relevant Redemption Date on which the Subordinated Notes of that Loan are to be

--- Page 89 ---
89 
 
redeemed or repurchased, the relevant Record Date and the redemption price. Any such 
notice is irrevocable but may, at the Issuer's discretion, contain one or more conditions 
precedent that shall be satisfied prior to the Record Date. Upon fulfilment of the 
conditions precedent(s) (if any), the Issuer shall redeem the Subordinated Notes under 
such Loan in full at the applicable amounts on the date on which such Subordinated 
Notes are to be redeemed or repurchased as specified in the above notice. 
12.8 
Cancellation of Subordinated Notes 
All Subordinated Notes which are redeemed pursuant to this Clause 12 and all 
Subordinated Notes purchased and elected to be cancelled pursuant to Clause 12.2 
(Repurchase of Subordinated Notes by a Group Company) will be cancelled and may not 
be reissued or sold. The Issuer shall promptly inform the Noteholders in accordance with 
Clause 27 (Notices and Press Releases), the Agent and the Issuing Dealer of any such 
cancellation and for so long as any Subordinated Notes are admitted to trading on 
Nasdaq Stockholm and the rules of such exchange so require, the Issuer shall promptly 
inform Nasdaq Stockholm (or any other relevant Regulated Market on which the 
Subordinated Notes are admitted to trading) of the cancellation of any Subordinated 
Notes under this Clause 12.8. 
13. 
Preconditions to Special Event Redemption or Change of Control 
Event Redemption 
This Clause 13 is only applicable to Subordinated Notes. 
(a) 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to Clause 12 
(Redemption and Repurchase of Subordinated Notes) (other than redemption 
pursuant to Clause 12.3 (Voluntary total redemption (call option)), the Issuer 
shall deliver to the Agent a certificate signed by two authorised signatories of 
the Issuer stating: 
(i) 
that the relevant requirement or circumstance giving rise to the right to 
redeem the Subordinated Notes under a Loan is satisfied; and 
(ii) 
in the case of a Withholding Tax Event, that the Issuer is unable to avoid 
paying additional amounts by taking measures reasonably available to 
it. 
(b) 
In addition, in the case of a Special Event, the Issuer shall deliver to the Agent 
and the Issuing Dealer an opinion of independent legal, accounting or other tax 
advisers to the effect that the relevant requirement or circumstance giving rise 
to the right to redeem is satisfied (save, in the case of a Withholding Tax Event, 
as to whether reasonable measures to avoid paying additional amounts are 
available to the Issuer). Such certificate and, if applicable, opinion, shall be 
conclusive and binding on the Noteholders. 
(c) 
Any redemption of the Subordinated Notes under a Loan in accordance with 
Clause 12 (Redemption and Repurchase of Subordinated Notes) shall be 
conditional on all Deferred Interest being paid in full in accordance with the

--- Page 90 ---
90 
 
provisions of Clause 9.3 (Mandatory settlement of Deferred Interest) on or prior 
to the date of such Redemption Date. 
14. 
Information to Noteholders 
14.1 
Information from the Issuer 
(a) 
As long as there are any outstanding Notes issued under this MTN Programme, 
the Issuer will make the following information available to the Noteholders by 
way of publishing the information on the website of the Issuer and by way of 
press release: 
(i) 
as soon as the same become available, but in any event within four 
months after the end of each Financial Year, the annual audited 
consolidated financial statements of the Group for that Financial Year 
and the annual audited unconsolidated financial statements of the 
Issuer for that Financial Year; 
(ii) 
as soon as the same become available, but in any event within two 
months after the end of each quarter of its Financial Year, the quarterly 
interim unaudited consolidated reports of the Group for such period 
and the quarterly interim unaudited unconsolidated reports of the 
Issuer, or the year-end report (Sw. bokslutskommuniké), as applicable, 
for such period; and 
(iii) 
any other information required to be published pursuant to the Swedish 
Securities 
Markets 
Act 
(Sw. 
lag 
(2007:528) 
om 
värdepappersmarknaden) and the rules and regulations of the 
Regulated Market on which the Notes are admitted to trading. 
(b) 
The reports referred to in Clause 14.1(a)(i) and Clause 14.1(a)(ii) shall be 
prepared in accordance with the Accounting Principles and shall include a profit 
and loss account and a balance sheet. In addition, each of the Financial 
Statements shall include a cash flow statement and a management commentary 
or report from the Issuer's board of directors. The Issuer shall make such reports 
available in accordance with the rules and regulations of Nasdaq Stockholm or 
any other Regulated Market on which the Issuer's securities from time to time 
are listed and the Swedish Securities Markets Act.  
(c) 
The Issuer shall immediately notify the Noteholders and the Agent upon 
becoming aware of the occurrence of a Change of Control Event or a De-listing 
Event. A notice in relation to a Change of Control Event may be given in advance 
of the occurrence of a Change of Control Event, conditioned upon the 
occurrence of such Change of Control Event, if a definitive agreement is in place 
providing for a Change of Control Event. 
(d) 
When the financial statements and other information are made available to the 
Noteholders pursuant to Clause 14.1(a), the Issuer shall send copies of such 
financial statements and other information to the Agent.

--- Page 91 ---
91 
 
(e) 
The Issuer shall issue a Compliance Certificate to the Agent in connection with 
each Financial Statements.  
(f) 
The Issuer shall immediately notify the Agent (with full particulars) upon 
becoming aware of the occurrence of any event or circumstance which 
constitutes an Event of Default, or any event or circumstance which would (with 
the expiry of a grace period, the giving of notice, the making of any 
determination or any combination of any of the foregoing) constitute an Event 
of Default, and shall provide the Agent with such further information as it may 
reasonably request in writing following receipt of such notice. Should the Agent 
not receive such information, the Agent is entitled to assume that no such event 
or circumstance exists or can be expected to occur, provided that the Agent does 
not have actual knowledge of such event or circumstance. 
(g) 
If requested by the Agent, the Issuer shall deliver a copy of the Valuations 
prepared in accordance with Clause 16.11 (Valuation). The Agent may also at 
any time request a Valuation if the Agent has reason to believe that the Loan to 
Value covenant is breached. All costs for the Valuation(s) shall be borne by the 
Issuer. 
(h) 
If requested by the Agent and subject to applicable rules and regulations, the 
Issuer shall provide the Agent with information relating to a transaction 
pursuant to Clause 16.3 (Disposal of Assets) which the Agent deems necessary 
(acting reasonably) to determine whether the transaction is carried out on arm's 
length basis and on terms and conditions customary for such transaction or not 
and whether it has a Material Adverse Effect or not.  
(i) 
The Agent may assume that any information provided by the Issuer in the 
Compliance Certificate delivered pursuant to Clause 14.1(e) above is correct, 
and the Agent shall not be responsible or liable for the adequacy, accuracy or 
completeness of such information. 
(j) 
The Issuer is only obliged to inform the Agent according to this Clause 14.1 if 
informing the Agent would not conflict with any applicable laws or, when the 
Notes are listed, the Issuer's registration contract with the Regulated Market. If 
such a conflict would exist pursuant to the listing contract with the Regulated 
Market or otherwise, the Issuer shall however be obliged to either seek approval 
from the Regulated Market or undertake other reasonable measures, including 
entering into a non-disclosure agreement with the Agent, in order to be able to 
timely inform the Agent according to this Clause 14.1. 
14.2 
Information from the Agent 
Subject to the restrictions of any applicable law and regulation, the Agent is entitled to 
disclose to the Noteholders any event or circumstance directly or indirectly relating to 
the Issuer or the Notes. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Agent may if it considers it 
to be beneficial to the interests of the Noteholders delay disclosure or refrain from 
disclosing certain information other than in respect of an Event of Default that has 
occurred and is continuing.

--- Page 92 ---
92 
 
14.3 
Publication of Loan Terms 
The latest version of these General Terms and Conditions and the Final Terms for each 
outstanding Loan under this MTN Programme shall be available on the websites of the 
Issuer and the Agent and be available to the Noteholders at the office of the Agent 
during normal business hours. 
15. 
Financial Undertakings 
15.1 
Maintenance Test 
The Issuer shall procure that: 
(a) 
the LTV Ratio shall on each Reference Date not be higher than 70 per cent.; and 
(b) 
the Interest Coverage Ratio for the relevant Reference Period shall on each 
Reference Date not be less than 1.50:1. 
15.2 
Testing of the Maintenance Test 
The Maintenance Test shall be tested quarterly on the basis of the interim report for the 
Reference Period ending on a Reference Date and shall be reported in the Compliance 
Certificate delivered in connection therewith.  
16. 
General Undertakings 
16.1 
Nature of Business 
The Issuer shall procure that no substantial change is made to the general nature of the 
business carried on by the Group as of the date of these General Terms and Conditions. 
16.2 
Disposal of Assets 
The Issuer shall not, and shall procure that no Subsidiary, sell or otherwise dispose of 
shares in any Subsidiary or of all or substantially all of its or that Subsidiary’s assets, or 
operations to any Person not being the Issuer or any of its wholly-owned Subsidiaries, 
unless the transaction is carried out on market terms and on terms and conditions 
customary for such transaction and provided that it does not have a Material Adverse 
Effect. 
16.3 
Dealings with Related Parties 
The Issuer shall, and shall procure that its Subsidiaries, conduct all dealings with the 
direct and indirect shareholders of the Group Companies (excluding other Group 
Companies) and/or any Affiliates of such direct and indirect shareholders at arm’s length 
terms.

--- Page 93 ---
93 
 
16.4 
Market Loans 
(a) 
The Issuer shall not, and shall procure that no Group Company will, provide 
Security for any Market Loans issued by the Issuer unless such Security is shared, 
on a pari passu basis, with the Noteholders (and if required, with the holders of 
any other Market Loans issued by the Issuer) to secure the Issuer's obligations 
under the Loan Terms.  
(b) 
The Issuer shall procure that:  
(i) 
no guarantee and no Security is provided by the Issuer or any Group 
Company in respect of any Market Loan(s) issued by a Group Company 
(other than the Issuer) (the "Issuing Group Company"), provided that 
Security with first priority may be provided over the share capital of the 
Issuing Group Company and over assets directly owned by such Issuing 
Group Company or any Subsidiary of the Issuing Group Company and 
guarantees may be provided by any Subsidiary of the Issuing Group 
Company; and  
(ii) 
that the principal amount of such Market Loan does not exceed 70 per 
cent. of the market value, determined at the time when such Market 
Loan is issued, of the assets securing such Market Loan.  
16.5 
Insurance 
The Issuer shall, and shall procure that each other Group Company, keep the Properties 
insured to an extent which is customary for similar properties on the relevant 
geographical market with one or more reputable insurers. The insurance cover shall, 
inter alia, include full re-instatement value insurance. 
16.6 
Environmental 
The Issuer shall, and shall ensure that each Group Company will, comply with all 
environmental laws and obtain, maintain and ensure compliance with all requisite 
environmental permits. The Issuer shall, promptly upon becoming aware of the same, 
inform the Agent of any claim, proceeding or investigation in respect of any such 
environmental law against any Group Company which is current, pending or threatened 
where which, if determined against that Group Company, has or is reasonably likely to 
have a Material Adverse Effect. 
16.7 
Property specific undertakings 
The Issuer shall ensure that as long as any Notes are outstanding: 
(a) 
the Properties are managed properly and maintained in good condition; and 
(b) 
the Properties are not demolished or altered in a way that would have a Material 
Adverse Effect.

--- Page 94 ---
94 
 
16.8 
Framework amount 
The Issuer may not issue additional Notes under this MTN Programme where such would 
entail that the aggregate Nominal Amount of all Notes outstanding under this MTN 
Programme exceeds the Framework Amount on the day on which the agreement 
regarding the issuance of Notes was entered into between the Issuer and the Dealers. 
16.9 
Admission to trading of Notes 
If admission to trading is applicable under the Final Terms of a Loan, the Issuer shall: 
(a) 
use its best efforts to ensure that the Notes under that Loan are admitted to 
trading on the relevant Regulated Market on, or about, the date set out in such 
Final Terms; and 
(b) 
ensure that such Notes remain admitted to trading on the relevant Regulated 
Market, 
or, in each case, if such admission to trading is not possible to obtain or maintain, 
admitted to trading on another Regulated Market, for as long as such Notes are 
outstanding (however, taking into account the rules and regulations of the relevant 
Regulated Market and the CSD (as amended from time to time)). 
16.10 
Valuation 
(a) 
The Issuer shall procure that a Valuation is prepared for the Properties once 
every calendar year. All costs for such Valuation(s) shall be borne by the Issuer. 
(b) 
The Issuer shall procure that the results of the most recent Valuation(s) are 
reflected in good faith and in accordance with the Group's valuation policy in 
the Value of the Properties in the following Financial Statements.  
16.11 
Maintenance of Rating 
If a Positive Rating Event has occurred prior to a Change of Control Event, the Issuer shall 
(without assuming any legal or contractual obligation), upon and from the occurrence 
of a Change of Control Event, use its best efforts to maintain the credit rating assigned 
to it for the entire duration of the Change of Control Event Period. 
16.12 
Green Notes Framework 
If any Green Notes are outstanding under the MTN Programme, the Issuer shall maintain 
a green notes framework and make the relevant Green Notes Framework (including the 
second opinion issued for the purpose of such framework) available on the website of 
the Issuer.  
16.13 
Sustainability-Linked Notes Framework 
If any Sustainability-Linked Notes are outstanding under the MTN Programme, the Issuer 
shall maintain a sustainability-linked notes framework and make the relevant 
Sustainability-Linked Notes Framework (including the second opinion issued for the

--- Page 95 ---
95 
 
purpose of such framework) and the Sustainability-Linked Progress Report (if applicable) 
available on the website of the Issuer. 
16.14 
Compliance with laws etc. 
The Issuer shall, and the Issuer shall ensure that the Group Companies, (i) comply in all 
respects with the applicable articles of association and all laws and regulations 
applicable from time to time, including but not limited to the rules and regulations of 
Nasdaq Stockholm or any other Regulated Market that may be applicable to the Issuer 
from time to time, and (ii) obtain, maintain, and in all respects comply with, the terms 
and conditions of any authorisation, approval, licence or other permit required for the 
business carried out by a Group Company, in each case, if failure to do so has or is 
reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
16.15 
CSD related undertaking 
(a) 
The Issuer shall keep the Notes issued under a Loan affiliated with the relevant 
CSD and comply with all applicable CSD Regulations. 
(b) 
The Issuer shall, prior to the issuance of any VPS Notes under a Loan, procure 
that all actions are taken to affiliate the Issuer and/or the relevant VPS Notes, as 
applicable and required under the applicable CSD Regulations, with VPS. 
16.16 
Undertakings relating to the Agency Agreement 
(a) 
The Issuer shall, in accordance with the Agency Agreement: 
(i) 
pay fees to the Agent; 
(ii) 
indemnify the Agent for costs, losses and liabilities; 
(iii) 
furnish to the Agent all information reasonably requested by or 
otherwise required to be delivered to the Agent; and 
(iv) 
not act in a way which would give the Agent a legal or contractual right 
to terminate the Agency Agreement. 
(b) 
The Issuer and the Agent shall not agree to amend any provisions of the Agency 
Agreement without the prior consent of the Noteholders if the amendment 
would be detrimental to the interests of the Noteholders. 
17. 
Events of Default 
17.1 
Events of Default – Non-Subordinated Notes 
This Clause 17.1 is only applicable to Non-Subordinated Notes. 
(a) 
Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default, the Agent is entitled to, and shall 
(i) following a demand in writing from a Noteholder (or Noteholders) 
representing at least 50 per cent. of the Adjusted Nominal Amount under a Loan 
(such demand may only be validly made by a Person who is a Noteholder on the

--- Page 96 ---
96 
 
Business Day immediately following the day on which the demand is received 
by the Agent and shall, if made by several Noteholders, be made by them jointly) 
or following an instruction given pursuant to Clause 17.1(c), on behalf of the 
Noteholders by notice to the Issuer, declare all, but not some only, of the 
outstanding Notes under such Loan due and payable together with any other 
amounts payable under the Loan Terms, immediately or at such later date as 
the Agent determines and exercise any or all of its rights, remedies, powers and 
discretions under the Loan Terms, if: 
(i) 
the Issuer does not pay on the due date any amount payable by it under 
any Loan, unless the non-payment: 
(A) 
is caused by technical or administrative error; and 
(B) 
is remedied within five Business Days from the due date; 
(ii) 
the Issuer does not comply with the Maintenance Test;  
(iii) 
the Issuer does not comply with any terms or conditions of the relevant 
Loan Terms, other than: 
(A) 
as set out in those terms referred to in paragraphs (i) or (ii) 
above; 
(B) 
if Green Notes is applicable under the Final Terms of a Loan, a 
breach of the Green Notes Framework or the use of Net 
Proceeds from a Loan in breach of the Green Notes Framework; 
or 
(C) 
if Sustainability-Linked Notes is applicable under the Final Terms 
of a Loan, a breach of the Sustainability-Linked Notes 
Framework,  
unless the non-compliance:  
(A) 
is capable of remedy; and 
(B) 
is remedied within 20 Business Days of the Agent has requested 
the Issuer in writing to remedy such non-compliance; 
(iv) 
it is or becomes impossible or unlawful for the Issuer to perform any of 
its obligations under the Loan Terms or if the Loan Terms is not, or 
ceases to be legally valid, binding or enforceable and the cessation 
individually or cumulatively materially and adversely affects the 
interests of the Noteholders; 
(v) 
the Issuer is, or is deemed for the purposes of any applicable law to be, 
Insolvent; 
(vi) 
any Group Company (other than the Issuer) is, or is deemed for the 
purposes of any applicable law to be, Insolvent where such event or

--- Page 97 ---
97 
 
circumstance is reasonably likely to have an Material Adverse Effect on 
the ability of the Issuer to perform its obligations under the Loan Terms; 
(vii) 
any corporate action, legal proceedings or other procedure or step is 
taken in relation to: 
(A) 
the suspension of payments, a moratorium of any indebtedness, 
winding-up, dissolution, administration or reorganisation (by 
way of voluntary engagement scheme of arrangement or 
otherwise) of the Issuer or any other Group Company; or 
(B) 
the appointment of a liquidator, receiver, administrative 
receiver, administrator or other similar officer in respect of the 
Issuer or any other Group Company or any of its assets, 
or any analogous procedure or step is taken in any jurisdiction, in each 
case save for any: 
(C) 
corporate action, legal proceedings or other procedure or step 
taken which is frivolous or vexatious and is discharged, stayed 
or dismissed within 30 days of commencement; or 
(D) 
corporate action, legal proceedings or other procedure or step 
referred to in paragraph (vii) related to a Group Company (other 
than the Issuer) unless such corporate action, legal proceedings 
or other procedure or step is reasonable likely to have an 
Material Adverse Effect on the ability of the Issuer to perform 
its obligations under the Loan Terms; 
(viii) 
any Financial Indebtedness of a Group Company is not paid when due 
nor within any originally applicable grace period, or is declared to be or 
otherwise becomes due and payable prior to its specified maturity as a 
result of an event of default (however described) provided that no Event 
of Default will occur under this Clause 17 if the aggregate amount of 
Financial Indebtedness referred to herein is less than EUR 2,500,000 or 
is owed to a Group Company; 
(ix) 
the Issuer or any other Group Company ceases to carry on its business, 
except if due to (i) a merger or demerger permitted under Clause 
17.1(a)(x), or (ii) a disposal permitted under Clause 16.3 (Disposal of 
Assets), if such discontinuation is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect 
on the ability of the Issuer to perform its obligations under the Loan 
Terms; 
(x) 
a decision is made that any Group Company shall be demerged or 
merged into a company which is not a Group Company if such merger 
or demerger is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect, provided that a 
merger involving the Issuer, where the Issuer is not the surviving entity, 
shall always be considered an Event of Default and provided that the 
Issuer may not be demerged; or

--- Page 98 ---
98 
 
(xi) 
any expropriation, attachment, sequestration, distress or execution or 
any analogous process in any jurisdiction affects any asset or assets of 
any Group Company having an aggregate value of an amount equal to 
or exceeding EUR 2,500,000 and is not discharged within 60 days. 
(b) 
The Agent may not accelerate the Notes in accordance with Clause 17.1(a) by 
reference to a specific Event of Default if it is no longer continuing or if it has 
been decided in accordance with these General Terms and Conditions, to waive 
such Event of Default (temporarily or permanently). 
(c) 
The Agent shall notify the Noteholders of an Event of Default within five 
Business Days of the date on which the Agent received actual knowledge of that 
an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing. The Agent shall, within 20 
Business Days of the date on which the Agent received actual knowledge of that 
an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, decide if the Notes shall be 
so accelerated. If the Agent decides not to accelerate the Notes, the Agent shall 
promptly seek instructions from the Noteholders in accordance with Clause 19 
(Decisions by Noteholders). The Agent shall always be entitled to take the time 
necessary to consider whether an occurred event constitutes an Event of 
Default. 
(d) 
If the relevant Noteholders instruct the Agent to accelerate the Notes under the 
relevant Loan, the Agent shall promptly declare the Notes for the relevant Loan 
due and payable and take such actions as may, in the opinion of the Agent, be 
necessary or desirable to enforce the rights of the Noteholders under the 
relevant Loan Terms, unless the relevant Event of Default is no longer 
continuing. 
(e) 
If the right to accelerate the Notes under a Loan is based upon a decision of a 
court of law or a government authority, it is not necessary that the decision has 
become enforceable under law or that the period of appeal has expired in order 
for cause of acceleration to be deemed to exist. 
(f) 
If the Notes under a Loan are declared due and payable in accordance with this 
Clause 17, the Issuer shall redeem all such Notes with an amount per Note equal 
to 101 per cent. of the Nominal Amount together with accrued but unpaid 
Interest. 
17.2 
Events of Default – Subordinated Notes 
This Clause 17.2 is only applicable to Subordinated Notes. 
(a) 
Without prejudice to the Issuer's right to defer the payment of interest under 
Clause 9 (Optional Interest Deferral), if a default is outstanding for a period of 
30 days or more in relation to the Issuer's payment of any Interest, principal or 
premium in respect of the Subordinated Notes which is due and payable, then 
the Issuer shall be deemed to be in default under the Subordinated Notes and 
the Agent (acting on instructions of the Noteholders in accordance with the Loan 
Terms) or (subject to Clause 25(b)) any Noteholder may institute proceedings 
for an Issuer Winding-up provided that such default is still continuing.

--- Page 99 ---
99 
 
(b) 
In the event of an Issuer Winding-up, a Noteholder may, provided such 
Noteholder does not contravene a previously adopted resolution (if any), either 
independently or through the Agent prove and/or claim in such Issuer Winding-
up in respect of the Subordinated Notes, such claim being for such amount, and 
being subordinated in such manner, as is provided under Clause 3.2(b). 
(c) 
The Agent (acting on the instructions of the Noteholders in accordance with the 
Loan Terms) may institute such proceedings against the Issuer as it may think fit 
to enforce any term or condition binding on the Issuer under the Subordinated 
Notes but in no event shall the Issuer, by virtue of the institution of any such 
proceedings, be obliged to pay any sum or sums sooner than the same would 
otherwise have been payable by it. 
(d) 
No remedy against the Issuer, other than as referred to in this Clause 17.2, shall 
be available to the Agent and the Noteholders, whether for the recovery of 
amounts owing in respect of the Subordinated Notes or in respect of any breach 
by the Issuer of any of its other obligations under or in respect of the 
Subordinated Notes. 
18. 
Distribution of Proceeds 
(a) 
All payments by the Issuer relating to a Loan and the Loan Terms following an 
acceleration of the Loan in accordance with Clause 17.1 (Events of Default – 
Non-Subordinated Notes) shall be distributed in the following order of priority, 
in accordance with the instructions of the Agent: 
(i) 
first, in or towards payment pro rata of (i) all unpaid fees, costs, 
expenses and indemnities payable by the Issuer to the Agent in 
accordance with the Agency Agreement (other than any indemnity given 
for liability against the Noteholders) in respect of a relevant Loan, (ii) 
other costs, expenses and indemnities relating to the acceleration of the 
Notes, or the protection of the Noteholders’ rights as may have been 
incurred by the Agent, (iii) any costs incurred by the Agent for external 
experts that have not been reimbursed by the Issuer in accordance with 
Clause 24.2(h) and (iv) any costs and expenses incurred by the Agent in 
relation to a Noteholders’ Meeting or a Written Procedure that have not 
been reimbursed by the Issuer in accordance with Clause 19(m); 
(ii) 
secondly, in or towards payment pro rata of accrued but unpaid Interest 
under the Loan (Interest due on an earlier Interest Payment Date to be 
paid before any Interest due on a later Interest Payment Date); 
(iii) 
thirdly, in or towards payment pro rata of any unpaid principal under 
the Loan; and 
(iv) 
fourthly, in or towards payment pro rata of any other costs or 
outstanding amounts unpaid under the Loan. 
Any excess funds after the application of proceeds in accordance with 
paragraphs (i) to (iv) above shall be paid to the Issuer. The application of

--- Page 100 ---
100 
 
proceeds in accordance with paragraphs (i) to (iv) above shall, however, not 
restrict a Noteholders’ Meeting or a Written Procedure from resolving that 
accrued Interest (whether overdue or not) shall be reduced without a 
corresponding reduction of principal. 
(b) 
If a Noteholder or another party has paid any fees, costs, expenses or 
indemnities referred to in paragraph (a)(i) above such Noteholder or other party 
shall be entitled to reimbursement by way of a corresponding distribution in 
accordance with paragraph (a)(i). 
(c) 
Funds that the Agent receives (directly or indirectly) in connection with the 
acceleration 
of 
Notes 
for 
a 
Loan 
constitute 
escrow 
funds 
(Sw. 
redovisningsmedel) according to the Swedish Funds Accounting Act (Sw. lag 
(1944:181) om redovisningsmedel) and must be held on a separate interest-
bearing account on behalf of the Noteholders and the other interested parties. 
The Agent shall arrange for payments of such funds in accordance with this 
Clause 18 as soon as reasonably practicable. 
(d) 
If the Issuer or the Agent shall make any payment under this Clause 18, the 
Issuer or the Agent, as applicable, shall notify the Noteholders of any such 
payment at least 15 Business Days before the payment is made. Such notice shall 
specify the Record Date, the payment date and the amount to be paid. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, for any Interest due but unpaid the Record Date 
specified in Clause 6(b) shall apply. 
19. 
Decisions by Noteholders 
(a) 
A request by the Agent for a decision by the Noteholders on a matter relating to 
the Loan Terms shall (at the option of the Agent) be dealt with at a Noteholders’ 
Meeting or by way of a Written Procedure. 
(b) 
Any request from the Issuer or a Noteholder (or Noteholders) representing at 
least ten per cent. of the Adjusted Nominal Amount of a Loan (such request may 
only be validly made by a Person who is a Noteholder on the Business Day 
immediately following the day on which the request is received by the Agent 
and shall, if made by several Noteholders, be made by them jointly) for a 
decision by the Noteholders on a matter relating to the Loan shall be directed 
to the Agent and dealt with at a Noteholders’ Meeting or by way of a Written 
Procedure, as determined by the Agent. The Person requesting the decision may 
suggest the form for decision making, but if it is in the Agent’s opinion more 
appropriate that a matter is dealt with at a Noteholders’ Meeting than by way 
of a Written Procedure, it shall be dealt with at a Noteholders’ Meeting. 
(c) 
The Agent may refrain from convening a Noteholders’ Meeting or instigating a 
Written Procedure if (i) the suggested decision must be approved by any Person 
in addition to the Noteholders and such Person has informed the Agent that an 
approval will not be given, or (ii) the suggested decision is not in accordance 
with applicable regulations.

--- Page 101 ---
101 
 
(d) 
Only a Person who is, or who has been provided with a power of attorney or 
other proof of authorisation pursuant to Clause 5 (Right to Act on behalf of a 
Noteholder) from a Person who is, registered as a Noteholder under that Loan: 
(i) 
on the Record Date prior to the date of the Noteholders’ Meeting, in 
respect of a Noteholders’ Meeting, or 
(ii) 
on the Business Day specified in the communication pursuant to Clause 
20(c), in respect of a Written Procedure, 
may exercise voting rights as a Noteholder at such Noteholders’ Meeting or in 
such Written Procedure, provided that the relevant Notes are included in the 
definition of Adjusted Nominal Amount. 
(e) 
The following matters shall require consent of Noteholders representing at least 
66 2/3 per cent. of the Adjusted Nominal Amount for which Noteholders are 
voting at a Noteholders’ Meeting or for which Noteholders reply in a Written 
Procedure in accordance with the instructions given pursuant to Clause 20(c): 
(i) 
waive a breach of or amend an undertaking set out in Clause 16 (General 
Undertakings); 
(ii) 
a mandatory exchange of Notes under a Loan for other securities; 
(iii) 
a change to the currency, denomination, status or transferability of any 
Notes issued under a Loan; 
(iv) 
reduce or change the Nominal Amount, Interest Rate (other than as a 
result of an application of Clause 23 (Replacement of Interest Base) or 
Interest which shall be paid by the Issuer for a Loan; 
(v) 
change the issuer or a transfer by the Issuer of its rights and obligations 
under a Loan; 
(vi) 
amend any payment day for principal or Interest for a Loan (other than 
as permitted pursuant to Clause 9 (Optional Interest Deferral)) or waive 
any breach of a payment undertaking; or 
(vii) 
amend the provisions in this Clause 19(e) or Clause 19(f). 
(f) 
Any matter not covered by Clause 19(e) above, including for the avoidance of 
doubt the initiation of an Issuer Winding-up with respect to Subordinated Notes, 
shall require the consent of Noteholders representing more than 50 per cent. of 
the Adjusted Nominal Amount for the Loan for which Noteholders are voting at 
a Noteholders’ Meeting or for which Noteholders reply in a Written Procedure 
in accordance with the instructions given pursuant to Clause 21(c). This includes, 
but is not limited to, any amendment to, or waiver of, the terms of any Loan that 
does not require a higher majority (other than an amendment or waiver 
permitted pursuant to Clauses 22(a) and 22(b) and paragraphs (i) or (iii) of 
Clause 22(c)) or an acceleration of the Notes under a Loan in accordance with 
these General Terms and Conditions.

--- Page 102 ---
102 
 
(g) 
Quorum at a Noteholders’ Meeting or in respect of a Written Procedure only 
exists if a Noteholder (or Noteholders) representing at least 50 per cent. of the 
Adjusted Nominal Amount of the relevant Loan in case of a matter pursuant to 
Clause 19(e), and otherwise 20 per cent. of the Adjusted Nominal Amount of the 
relevant Loan: 
(i) 
if at a Noteholders’ Meeting, attend the meeting in Person or by 
telephone 
conference 
(or 
appear 
through 
duly 
authorised 
representatives); or 
(ii) 
if in respect of a Written Procedure, reply to the request. 
(h) 
If a quorum does not exist at a Noteholders’ Meeting or in respect of a Written 
Procedure, the Agent or the Issuer shall convene a second Noteholders’ Meeting 
(in accordance with Clause 20(a)) or initiate a second Written Procedure (in 
accordance with Clause 21(a)), as the case may be, provided that the relevant 
proposal has not been withdrawn by the Person(s) who initiated the procedure 
for Noteholders’ consent. The quorum requirement in Clause 19(g) shall not 
apply to such second Noteholders’ Meeting or Written Procedure. 
(i) 
Any decision which extends or increases the obligations of the Issuer, the Agent 
or the relevant Issuing Dealer, or limits, reduces or extinguishes the rights or 
benefits of the Issuer, the Agent or the relevant Issuing Dealer, under the Loan 
Terms shall be subject to the Issuer’s, the Agent’s or the relevant Issuing Dealer’s 
consent, as appropriate. 
(j) 
A Noteholder holding more than one Note under a Loan need not use all its votes 
or cast all the votes to which it is entitled in the same way and may in its 
discretion use or cast some of its votes only. 
(k) 
The Issuer may not, directly or indirectly, pay or cause to be paid any 
consideration to or for the benefit of any Noteholder under a Loan for or as 
inducement to any consent under the Loan Terms, unless such consideration is 
offered to all Noteholders that consent at the relevant Noteholders’ Meeting or 
in a Written Procedure within the time period stipulated for the consideration 
to be payable or the time period for replies in the Written Procedure, as the case 
may be. 
(l) 
A matter decided at a duly convened and held Noteholders’ Meeting or by way 
of Written Procedure is binding on all Noteholders under a Loan, irrespective of 
them being present or represented at the Noteholders’ Meeting or responding 
in the Written Procedure. The Noteholders that have not adopted or voted for 
a decision shall not be liable for any damages that this may cause other 
Noteholders. 
(m) 
All costs and expenses incurred by the Issuer or the Agent for the purpose of 
convening a Noteholders’ Meeting or for the purpose of carrying out a Written 
Procedure, including reasonable fees to the Agent, shall be paid by the Issuer.

--- Page 103 ---
103 
 
(n) 
If a decision shall be taken by the Noteholders on a matter relating to the Loan 
Terms, the Issuer shall promptly at the request of the Agent provide the Agent 
with a certificate specifying the number of Notes owned by Group Companies 
or (to the knowledge of the Issuer) their Affiliates, irrespective of whether such 
Person is directly registered as owner of such Notes. The Agent shall not be 
responsible for the accuracy of such certificate or otherwise be responsible to 
determine whether a Note is owned by a Group Company or an Affiliate of a 
Group Company. 
(o) 
Information about decisions taken at a Noteholders’ Meeting or by way of a 
Written Procedure shall promptly be sent by notice to the Noteholders under 
the Loan and published on the websites of the Issuer and the Agent, provided 
that a failure to do so shall not invalidate any decision made or voting result 
achieved. The minutes from the relevant Noteholders’ Meeting or Written 
Procedure shall at the request of a Noteholder under the Loan be sent to it by 
the Issuer or the Agent, as applicable. 
20. 
Noteholders’ Meeting 
(a) 
The Agent shall convene a Noteholders’ Meeting by sending a notice thereof to 
each Noteholder of the Loan no later than five Business Days after receipt of a 
request from the Issuer or the Noteholder(s) (or such later date as may be 
necessary for technical or administrative reasons). For VPS Notes, the notice 
shall be sent via VPS to all Noteholders registered in the VPS at the time the 
notice is sent from the VPS. If the Noteholders’ Meeting has been requested by 
the Noteholder(s), the Agent shall send a copy of the notice to the Issuer. 
(b) 
Should the Issuer want to replace the Agent, it may (i) convene a Noteholders’ 
Meeting in accordance with Clause 20(a) or (ii) instigate a Written Procedure by 
sending communication in accordance with Clause 21(a). After a request from 
the Noteholders pursuant to Clause 24.4(c), the Issuer shall no later than five 
Business Days after receipt of such request (or such later date as may be 
necessary for technical or administrative reasons) convene a Noteholders’ 
Meeting in accordance with Clause 20(a). The Issuer shall inform the Agent 
before a notice for a Noteholders’ Meeting or communication relating to a 
Written Procedure where the Agent is proposed to be replaced is sent and 
supply to the Agent a copy of the dispatched notice or communication. 
(c) 
The notice pursuant to Clause 20(a) shall include (i) time for the meeting, (ii) 
place for the meeting, (iii) a specification of the Business Day on which a Person 
must be registered as a Noteholder (or other beneficial owner pursuant to 
Clause 5 (Right to Act on behalf of a Noteholder)) in order to be entitled to 
exercise voting rights (such Business Day not to fall earlier than the effective 
date of the notice pursuant to Clause 20(a)), (iv) agenda for the meeting 
(including each request for a decision by the Noteholders) and (v) a form of 
power of attorney. The reasons for, and contents of, each proposal as well as 
any applicable conditions and conditions precedent shall be specified in the 
notice. If a proposal concerns an amendment to any Loan Terms, such proposed 
amendment must always be set out in detail. Only matters that have been 
included in the notice may be resolved upon at the Noteholders’ Meeting.

--- Page 104 ---
104 
 
Should prior notification by the Noteholders be required in order to attend the 
Noteholders’ Meeting, such requirement shall be included in the notice. 
(d) 
The Noteholders’ Meeting shall be held no earlier than ten Business Days and 
no later than 20 Business Days after the effective date of the notice. 
(e) 
If the Agent, in breach of these General Terms and Conditions, has not convened 
a Noteholders’ Meeting within five Business Days after having received such 
notice, the requesting Person may convene the Noteholders’ Meeting itself. If 
the requesting Person is a Noteholder, the Issuer shall upon request from such 
Noteholder provide the Noteholder with necessary information from the 
register kept by the CSD and, if no Person to open the Noteholders’ Meeting has 
been appointed by the Agent, the meeting shall be opened by a Person 
appointed by the requesting Person. 
(f) 
At a Noteholders’ Meeting, the Issuer, the Noteholders (or the Noteholders’ 
representatives/proxies), the Agent and the Administrative Agent for the 
relevant Loan may attend along with each of their representatives, counsels and 
assistants. Further, the directors of the board, the managing director and other 
officials of the Issuer and the Issuer’s auditors may attend the Noteholders’ 
Meeting. The Noteholders’ Meeting may decide that further individuals may 
attend. If a representative/proxy shall attend the Noteholders’ Meeting instead 
of a Noteholder, the representative/proxy shall present a duly executed proxy 
or other document establishing its authority to represent the Noteholder. 
(g) 
Without amending or varying these General Terms and Conditions, the Agent 
may, in consultation with the Administrative Agent for the relevant Loan, 
prescribe such further regulations regarding the convening and holding of a 
Noteholders’ Meeting as the Agent may deem appropriate. Such regulations 
may include a possibility for Noteholders to vote without attending the meeting 
in Person. 
21. 
Written Procedure 
(a) 
The Agent shall instigate a Written Procedure no later than five Business Days 
after receipt of a request from the Issuer or the Noteholder(s) (or such later date 
as may be necessary for technical or administrative reasons) by sending (a) in 
respect of Euroclear Notes a communication to each such Person who is 
registered as a Noteholder for the Loan on the Record Date prior to the date on 
which the communication is sent and (b) in respect of VPS Notes, a notice via 
VPS to all Noteholders registered in the VPS at the time the notice is sent from 
the VPS. If the Written Procedure has been requested by the Noteholder(s), the 
Agent shall send a copy of the notice to the Issuer. 
(b) 
Should the Issuer want to replace the Agent, it may send a communication in 
accordance with Clause 21(a) to each Noteholder under the relevant Loan with 
a copy to the Agent. 
(c) 
A communication pursuant to Clause 21(a) shall include (i) each request for a 
decision by the Noteholders, (ii) a description of the reasons for each request,

--- Page 105 ---
105 
 
(iii) a specification of the Business Day on which a Person must be registered as 
a Noteholder (or other authorised holder pursuant to Clause 5 (Right to Act on 
behalf of a Noteholder)) in order to be entitled to exercise voting rights in 
respect of the Loan (such Business Day not to fall earlier than the effective date 
of the communication pursuant to Clause 21(a)), (iv) instructions and directions 
on where to receive a form for replying to the request (such form to include an 
option to vote yes or no for each request) as well as a form of power of attorney, 
and (v) the stipulated time period within which the Noteholder must reply to 
the request (such time period to last at least ten Business Days but not more 
than 20 Business Days from the communication pursuant to Clause 21(a)). The 
reasons for, and contents of, each proposal as well as any applicable conditions 
and conditions precedent shall be specified in the notice. If a proposal concerns 
an amendment to any Loan Terms, such proposed amendment must always be 
set out in detail. If the voting shall be made electronically, instructions for such 
voting shall be included in the communication. 
(d) 
If the Agent, in breach of these General Terms and Conditions, has not instigated 
a Written Procedure within five Business Days after having received such notice, 
the requesting Person may instigate a Written Procedure itself. If the requesting 
Person is a Noteholder of the Loan, the Issuer shall upon request from such 
Noteholder provide the Noteholder with necessary information from the 
register kept by the CSD. 
(e) 
When the requisite majority consents of the total Adjusted Nominal Amount of 
a Loan pursuant to Clauses 19(e) and 19(f) have been received in a Written 
Procedure, the relevant decision shall be deemed to be adopted pursuant to 
Clause 19(e) or 19(f), as the case may be, even if the time period for replies in 
the Written Procedure has not yet expired. 
22. 
Amendments and Waivers 
(a) 
The Issuer, the Agent (acting on behalf of the Noteholders) and the Issuing 
Dealers may agree on adjustments to clear and obvious errors in these General 
Terms and Conditions. 
(b) 
The Issuer and the Agent (acting on behalf of the Noteholders) may agree on 
adjustments to clear and obvious errors in the Final Terms. 
(c) 
Changes to, or waivers of, Loan Terms in cases other than those set forth in 
Clauses 22(a) to 22(b), may be made by the Issuer and the Agent (acting on 
behalf of the Noteholders) agreeing in writing to amend any Loan Terms or 
waive any provision in any Loan Terms, provided that the Agent is satisfied that 
such amendment or waiver: 
(i) 
is not detrimental to the interest of the Noteholders;  
(ii) 
is made solely for the purpose of rectifying obvious errors and mistakes; 
(iii) 
is required by applicable law, a court ruling or a decision by a relevant 
authority;

--- Page 106 ---
106 
 
(iv) 
has been duly approved by the Noteholders in accordance with Clause 
19 (Decisions by Noteholders); or  
(v) 
is made pursuant to Clause 23 (Replacement of Interest Base). 
(d) 
The Issuer and the Dealers under the MTN Programme may from time to time 
agree to increase or decrease the Framework Amount. Information about such 
amendment shall promptly be published by the Issuer through a press release. 
(e) 
A new dealer may be engaged by agreement between the Issuer, the dealer in 
question and the Dealers. A Dealer may resign as a Dealer, but an Administrative 
Agent in respect of a specific Loan may not resign unless a new Administrative 
Agent is appointed in its place. 
(f) 
The Issuer, the Dealers and the IPA may agree to replace the IPA with another 
Account Operator as issuing and paying agent. 
(g) 
The Agent shall promptly notify the Noteholders and the Administrative Agent 
of any amendments or waivers made in accordance with Clause 22(a), setting 
out the date from which the amendment or waiver will be effective. The Issuer 
shall ensure that any amendments to the Loan Terms are published in the 
manner stipulated in Clause 14.3 (Publication of Loan Terms) and that any 
amendments to Loan Terms are duly registered with the CSD and each other 
relevant organisation or authority. 
(h) 
An amendment or waiver to Loan Terms shall take effect on the date 
determined by the Noteholders’ Meeting, in the Written Procedure or by the 
Agent, as the case may be. 
23. 
Replacement of Interest Base 
23.1 
General 
(a) 
Any determination or election to be made by an Independent Adviser, the Issuer 
or the Noteholders in accordance with the provisions of this Clause 23 shall at 
all times be made by such Independent Adviser, the Issuer or the Noteholders 
(as applicable) acting in good faith, in a commercially reasonable manner and by 
reference to relevant market data. 
(b) 
If an Interest Base Event has occurred, this Clause 23 shall take precedent over 
the fallbacks set out in paragraph (b) to (d) of the definition of STIBOR, EURIBOR, 
NIBOR or CIBOR (as applicable). 
23.2 
Definitions 
In this Clause 23: 
"Adjustment Spread" means a spread (which may be positive, negative or zero) or a 
formula or methodology for calculating a spread, or a combination thereof determined 
in accordance with Clause 23.3(c), to be applied to a Successor Interest Base or an

--- Page 107 ---
107 
 
Alternative Interest Base, the objective of which, in each case, shall be to reduce or 
eliminate, to the fullest extent reasonably practicable, any transfer of economic value 
from one party to another as a result of a replacement of the Interest Base. 
"Alternative Interest Base" means the reference rate that has replaced the Interest Base 
in customary market usage in the relevant debt capital markets for the purposes of 
determining rates of interest in respect of Notes denominated in EUR, SEK, NOK or DKK 
or, if there is no such rate, such other rate as the Independent Adviser determines is 
most comparable to the Interest Base. 
"Independent Adviser" means an independent financial institution or adviser of repute 
in the debt capital markets where the Interest Base is commonly used. 
"Interest Base Amendments" has the meaning set forth in Clause 23.3(e). 
"Interest Base Event" means that: 
(a) 
the Interest Base has (i) been permanently or indefinitely discontinued, (ii) 
ceased to exist or (iii) ceased to be published for at least five consecutive 
Business Days as a result of the Interest Base ceasing to be calculated or 
administered; 
(b) 
the Interest Base Administrator ceases to publish the applicable Interest Base 
permanently or indefinitely and, at that time, no successor administrator has 
been appointed to continue to publish the Interest Base; 
(c) 
the supervisor of the Interest Base Administrator (i) has made a public 
statement stating that the Interest Base is no longer representative of the 
underlying market or (ii) is recommending the usage of a Successor Interest Base 
for the applicable Interest Base; 
(d) 
the Interest Base Administrator or its supervisor announces that (i) the Interest 
Base methodology has changed materially after the Issue Date of the relevant 
Loan or (ii) the Interest Base may no longer be used, either generally or in 
respect of the relevant Loan; or 
(e) 
it has become unlawful for the Issuer, the Administrative Agent, the Agent or 
the IPA to calculate any payments due to be made to any Noteholder under a 
Loan using the applicable Interest Base.  
"Interest Base Event Announcement" means a public statement by the Interest Base 
Administrator or the supervisor of the Interest Base Administrator that any event or 
circumstance specified in paragraphs (a) to (e) of the definition of Interest Base Event 
will occur. 
"Relevant Nominating Body" means any applicable central bank, regulator or other 
supervisory authority or a group of them, or any working group or committee of any of 
them or any part thereof.

--- Page 108 ---
108 
 
"Successor Interest Base" means a screen or benchmark rate which is formally 
recommended as a successor to or replacement of the Interest Base by a Relevant 
Nominating Body. 
23.3 
Determination of Interest Base, Adjustment Spread and Interest Base 
Amendments 
(a) 
Without prejudice to paragraph (b) below, upon an Interest Base Event 
Announcement, the Issuer may, if it is possible to determine a Successor Interest 
Base or an Alternative Interest Base at such point of time, at any time before the 
occurrence of the relevant Interest Base Event at the Issuer's expense appoint 
an Independent Adviser to determine a Successor Interest Base or, if there is no 
Successor Interest Base, an Alternative Interest Base and, in each case, the 
Adjustment Spread and any Interest Base Amendments for purposes of 
determining and calculating the applicable Interest Base. For the avoidance of 
doubt, the Issuer will not be obliged to take any such actions until obliged to do 
so pursuant to paragraph (b) below. 
(b) 
If (i) an Interest Base Event has occurred or (ii) an Interest Base Event 
Announcement has been made and the announced Interest Base Event will 
occur within six months, the Issuer shall use all commercially reasonable 
endeavours to, as soon as reasonably practicable and at the Issuer's expense, 
appoint an Independent Adviser to determine, as soon as commercially 
reasonable, a Successor Interest Base or (if there is no Successor Interest Base) 
an Alternative Interest Base and, in each case, the Adjustment Spread and any 
Interest Base Amendments for purposes of determining and calculating the 
applicable Interest Base under a Loan. 
(c) 
If the Issuer fails to appoint an Independent Adviser in accordance with 
paragraph (b) above, the Noteholders under a Loan shall, if so decided at a 
Noteholders’ Meeting or by way of Written Procedure, be entitled to appoint an 
Independent Adviser (at the Issuer's expense) for the purposes set forth in 
paragraph (b) above.  
(d) 
The Adjustment Spread determined by the Independent Adviser in accordance 
with paragraphs (b) or (c) above, shall be the Adjustment Spread which: 
(i) 
is formally recommended in relation to the replacement of the Interest 
Base by any Relevant Nominating Body; or 
(ii) 
if paragraph (i) above does not apply, the Independent Adviser 
determines is customarily applied to the relevant Successor Interest 
Base or Alternative Interest Base (as applicable), in comparable debt 
capital markets transactions. 
(e) 
The Independent Adviser shall also determine any technical, administrative or 
operational changes required to ensure the proper operation of a Successor 
Interest Base or an Alternative Interest Base or to reflect the adoption of such 
Successor Interest Base or Alternative Interest Base in a manner substantially 
consistent with market practice ("Interest Base Amendments").

--- Page 109 ---
109 
 
(f) 
Provided that a Successor Interest Base or (if there is no Successor Interest Base) 
an Alternative Interest Base and, in each case, the applicable Adjustment Spread 
and any Interest Base Amendments have been determined no later than ten 
Business Days prior to the relevant Quotation Day in relation to the next 
succeeding Interest Period for a Loan, they shall become effective with effect 
from and including the commencement of the next succeeding Interest Period 
for such Loan.  
23.4 
Interim measures 
(a) 
If an Interest Base Event has occurred but no Successor Interest Base or 
Alternative Interest Base and Adjustment Spread have been determined at least 
ten Business Days prior to the relevant Quotation Day in relation to the next 
succeeding Interest Period for a Loan, the Interest Rate applicable to the next 
succeeding Interest Period shall be: 
(i) 
if the previous Interest Base for such Loan is available, determined 
pursuant to the terms that would apply to the determination of the 
Interest Base as if no Interest Base Event had occurred; or 
(ii) 
if the previous Interest Base for such Loan is no longer available or 
cannot be used in accordance with applicable law or regulation, equal 
to the Interest Rate determined for the immediately preceding Interest 
Period for such Loan. 
(b) 
For the avoidance of doubt, paragraph (a) above shall apply only to the relevant 
next succeeding Interest Period for any Loan and any subsequent Interest 
Periods for such Loan are subject to the subsequent operation of, and to 
adjustments as provided in, this Clause 23. 
23.5 
Notices etc. 
The Issuer shall promptly following the determination by the Independent Adviser of 
any Successor Interest Base, Alternative Interest Base, Adjustment Spread and any 
Interest Base Amendments give notice thereof to the Agent, the Issuing Dealers and the 
Noteholders in accordance with Clause 27 (Notices and Press Releases) and the IPA and 
the relevant CSD. 
23.6 
Variation upon replacement of Interest Base 
(a) 
No later than giving the Agent notice pursuant to Clause 23.5, the Issuer shall 
deliver to the Agent a certificate signed by the Independent Adviser and the 
CEO, CFO or any other authorised signatory of the Issuer confirming the relevant 
Successor Interest Base or Alternative Interest Base, the Adjustment Spread and 
any Interest Base Amendments, in each case as determined in accordance with 
the provisions of this Clause 23. The Successor Interest Base or Alternative 
Interest Base, the Adjustment Spread and any Interest Base Amendments (as 
applicable) specified in such certificate will, in the absence of manifest error or 
bad faith in any determination, be binding on the Issuer, the Agent, the Issuing 
Dealers, the IPA and the Noteholders under each relevant Loan.

--- Page 110 ---
110 
 
(b) 
Subject to receipt by the Agent of the certificate referred to in paragraph (a) 
above, the Issuer and the Agent shall, at the request and expense of the Issuer, 
without the requirement for any consent or approval of the Noteholders under 
a Loan, without undue delay effect such amendments to the Loan Terms of a 
Loan as may be required by the Issuer in order to give effect to this Clause 23.  
(c) 
The Agent, the Issuing Dealers and the IPA shall always be entitled to consult 
with external experts prior to amendments are effected pursuant to this Clause 
23. Neither the Agent, the Issuing Dealers or the IPA shall be obliged to concur 
if in the reasonable opinion of the Agent, the Issuing Dealers or the IPA (as 
applicable), doing so would impose more onerous obligations upon it or expose 
it to any additional duties, responsibilities or liabilities or reduce or amend the 
protective provisions afforded to the Agent, the Issuing Dealers or the IPA in the 
relevant Loan Terms. 
23.7 
Limitation of liability for the Independent Adviser 
Any Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to Clause 23.3 shall not be liable 
whatsoever for damage or loss caused by any determination, action taken or omitted by 
it under or in connection with any Loan Terms, unless directly caused by its gross 
negligence or wilful misconduct. The Independent Adviser shall never be responsible for 
indirect or consequential loss. 
24. 
Appointment and Replacement of the Agent 
24.1 
Appointment of Agent 
(a) 
By subscribing for Notes, each initial Noteholder appoints the Agent to act as its 
agent in all matters relating to the Notes and the Loan Terms, and authorises 
the Agent to act on its behalf (without first having to obtain its consent, unless 
such consent is specifically required by these General Terms and Conditions) in 
any legal or arbitration proceedings relating to the Notes held by such 
Noteholder, including the winding-up, dissolution, liquidation, company 
reorganisation or bankruptcy (or its equivalent in any other jurisdiction) of the 
Issuer. By acquiring Notes, each subsequent Noteholder confirms such 
appointment and authorisation for the Agent to act on its behalf. 
(b) 
Each Noteholder shall immediately upon request provide the Agent with any 
such documents, including a written power of attorney (in form and substance 
satisfactory to the Agent), that the Agent deems necessary for the purpose of 
exercising its rights and/or carrying out its duties under the Loan Terms. The 
Agent is under no obligation to represent a Noteholder which does not comply 
with such request. 
(c) 
The Issuer shall promptly upon request provide the Agent with any documents 
and other assistance (in form and substance satisfactory to the Agent), that the 
Agent deems necessary for the purpose of exercising its rights and/or carrying 
out its duties under the Loan Terms.

--- Page 111 ---
111 
 
(d) 
The Agent is entitled to fees for its work and to be indemnified for costs, losses 
and liabilities on the terms set out in the Loan Terms and the Agency Agreement 
and the Agent’s obligations as Agent under the Loan Terms are conditioned 
upon the due payment of such fees and indemnifications. 
(e) 
The Agent may act as agent for several issues of securities issued by or relating 
to the Issuer and other Group Companies notwithstanding potential conflicts of 
interest. 
24.2 
Duties of the Agent 
(a) 
The Agent shall represent the Noteholders in accordance with the Loan Terms. 
However, the Agent is not responsible for the execution, validity, perfection or 
enforceability of the Loan Terms. The Agent shall keep the latest version of these 
General Terms and Conditions and the Final Terms available on the website of 
the Agent. 
(b) 
Upon request by a Noteholder, the Agent may distribute to the Noteholders 
under the Loan any information from such Noteholder which relates to the 
Notes under a Loan (at the discretion of the Agent). The Agent may require that 
the requesting Noteholder reimburses any costs or expenses incurred, or to be 
incurred, by the Agent in doing so (including a reasonable fee for the work of 
the Agent) before any such information is distributed. The Agent may upon 
request by a Noteholder disclose the identity of any other Noteholder who has 
consented to the Agent in doing so. 
(c) 
When acting in accordance with the Loan Terms, the Agent is always acting with 
binding effect on behalf of the Noteholders. The Agent shall carry out its duties 
under the Loan Terms in a reasonable, proficient and professional manner, with 
reasonable care and skill. 
(d) 
The Agent’s duties under the Loan Terms are solely mechanical and 
administrative in nature and the Agent only acts in accordance with the Loan 
Terms and upon instructions from the Noteholders, unless otherwise set out in 
the Loan Terms. In particular, the Agent is never acting as an advisor (whether 
legal, financial or otherwise) to the Noteholders of any outstanding Loan or the 
Issuer and no opinion or advice from the Agent will be binding on the 
Noteholders. 
(e) 
The Agent is entitled to delegate its duties to other professional parties, but the 
Agent shall remain liable for the actions of such parties under the Loan Terms. 
(f) 
The Agent shall treat all Noteholders under a Loan equally and, when acting 
pursuant to the Loan Terms, act with regard only to the interests of the 
Noteholders as a group and shall not be required to have regard to the interests 
or to act upon or comply with any direction or request of any other Person, other 
than as explicitly stated in the Loan Terms. 
(g) 
The Agent shall be entitled to disclose to the Noteholders of a Loan any event 
or circumstance directly or indirectly relating to the Issuer or the Notes.

--- Page 112 ---
112 
 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Agent may if it considers it to be beneficial 
to the interests of the Noteholders delay disclosure or refrain from disclosing 
certain information other than in respect of an Event of Default that has 
occurred and is continuing. 
(h) 
The Agent is entitled to engage external experts when carrying out its duties 
under the Loan Terms. The Issuer shall on demand by the Agent pay all costs for 
external experts engaged by it (i) after the occurrence of an Event of Default, (ii) 
for the purpose of investigating or considering (A) an event which the Agent 
reasonably believes is or may lead to an Event of Default or (B) a matter relating 
to the Issuer which the Agent reasonably believes may be detrimental to the 
interests of the Noteholders under the Loan Terms, (iii) when the Agent is to 
make a determination under any Loan Terms, (iv) in connection with any 
Noteholders’ Meeting or Written Procedure or (v) as otherwise agreed between 
the Issuer and the Agent. Any compensation for damages or other recoveries 
received by the Agent from external experts engaged by it for the purpose of 
carrying out its duties under the relevant Loan Terms shall be distributed in 
accordance with Clause 18 (Distribution of Proceeds). 
(i) 
The Agent shall enter into agreements with the CSD, and comply with such 
agreement and the CSD regulations applicable to the Agent, as may be necessary 
in order for the Agent to carry out its duties under any Loan Terms. 
(j) 
Notwithstanding any other provision of any Loan Terms to the contrary, the 
Agent is not obliged to do or omit to do anything if it would or might in its 
reasonable opinion constitute a breach of any law or regulation. 
(k) 
If in the Agent’s reasonable opinion the cost, loss or liability which it may incur 
(including reasonable fees to the Agent) in complying with instructions of the 
Noteholders, or taking any action at its own initiative, will not be covered by the 
Issuer, the Agent may refrain from acting in accordance with such instructions, 
or taking such action, until it has received such funding or indemnities (or 
adequate Security has been provided therefore) as it may reasonably require. 
(l) 
The Agent shall give a notice to the Noteholders (i) before it ceases to perform 
its obligations under any Loan Terms by reason of the non-payment by the Issuer 
of any fee or indemnity due to the Agent under such Loan Terms or the Agency 
Agreement or (ii) if it refrains from acting for any reason described in Clause 
24.2(k). 
(m) 
Unless it has actual knowledge to the contrary, the Agent may assume that all 
information provided by or on behalf of the Issuer (including by its advisors) is 
correct, true and complete in all aspects. The Agent is not liable for information 
provided to the Noteholders by or on behalf of the Issuer or by any other Person. 
24.3 
Limited liability for the Agent 
(a) 
The Agent will not be liable to the Noteholders for damage or loss caused by any 
action taken or omitted by it under or in connection with any Loan Terms, unless

--- Page 113 ---
113 
 
directly caused by its negligence or wilful misconduct. The Agent shall never be 
responsible for indirect loss. 
(b) 
The Agent shall not be considered to have acted negligently if it has acted in 
accordance with advice from or opinions of reputable external experts engaged 
by the Agent or if the Agent has acted with reasonable care in a situation when 
the Agent considers that it is detrimental to the interests of the Noteholders to 
delay the action in order to first obtain instructions from the Noteholders. 
(c) 
The Agent shall not be liable for any delay (or any related consequences) in 
crediting an account with an amount required pursuant to any Loan Terms to be 
paid by the Agent to the Noteholders, provided that the Agent has taken all 
necessary steps as soon as reasonably practicable to comply with the regulations 
or operating procedures of any recognised clearing or settlement system used 
by the Agent for that purpose. 
(d) 
The Agent shall have no liability to the Noteholders for damage caused by the 
Agent acting in accordance with instructions of the Noteholders given in 
accordance with Clause 19 (Decisions by Noteholders) or a demand by 
Noteholders given pursuant to Clause 16.1. 
(e) 
Any liability towards the Issuer which is incurred by the Agent in acting under, 
or in relation to, any Loan Terms shall not be subject to set-off against the 
obligations of the Issuer to the Noteholders under such Loan Terms. 
24.4 
Replacement of the Agent 
(a) 
Subject to Clause 24.4(f), the Agent may resign for all Loans made under this 
MTN Programme by giving notice to the Issuer and the Noteholders, in which 
case the Noteholders shall appoint a successor Agent at a Noteholders’ Meeting 
convened by the retiring Agent or by way of Written Procedure initiated by the 
retiring Agent. 
(b) 
Subject to Clause 24.4(f), if the Agent is Insolvent, the Agent shall be deemed to 
resign as Agent and the Issuer shall within ten Business Days appoint a successor 
Agent which shall be an independent financial institution or other reputable 
company which regularly acts as agent under debt issuances. 
(c) 
A Noteholder (or Noteholders) representing at least ten per cent. of the 
Adjusted Nominal Amount of all outstanding Loans may, by notice to the Issuer 
(such notice may only be validly given by a Person who is a Noteholder on the 
Business Day immediately following the day on which the notice is received by 
the Issuer and shall, if given by several Noteholders, be given by them jointly), 
require that a Noteholders’ Meeting is held for the purpose of dismissing the 
Agent and appointing a new Agent. The Issuer may, at a Noteholders’ Meeting 
convened by it or by way of Written Procedure initiated by it, propose to the 
Noteholders that the Agent be dismissed and a new Agent appointed. 
(d) 
If the Noteholders have not appointed a successor Agent within 90 days after (i) 
the earlier of the notice of resignation was given or the resignation otherwise

--- Page 114 ---
114 
 
took place or (ii) the Agent was dismissed through a decision by the Noteholders, 
the Issuer shall within 30 days thereafter appoint a successor Agent which shall 
be an independent financial institution or other reputable company with the 
necessary resources to act as agent in respect of Market Loans. 
(e) 
The retiring Agent shall, at its own cost, make available to the successor Agent 
such documents and records and provide such assistance as the successor Agent 
may reasonably request for the purposes of performing its functions as Agent 
under the Loan Terms of all outstanding Loans. 
(f) 
The Agent’s resignation or dismissal shall only take effect upon the earlier of (i) 
the appointment of a successor Agent and acceptance by such successor Agent 
of such appointment and the execution of all necessary documentation to 
effectively substitute the retiring Agent, and (ii) the period pursuant to Clause 
23.4(d)(ii) having lapsed. 
(g) 
Upon the appointment of a successor, the retiring Agent shall be discharged 
from any further obligation in respect of the Loan Terms of all outstanding 
Loans, but shall remain entitled to the benefit of the Loan Terms and remain 
liable under the Loan Terms in respect of any action which it took or failed to 
take whilst acting as Agent. Its successor, the Issuer and each of the relevant 
Noteholders shall have the same rights and obligations amongst themselves 
under the respective Loan Terms as they would have had if such successor had 
been the original Agent. 
(h) 
In the event that there is a change of the Agent in accordance with this Clause 
24.4, the Issuer shall execute such documents and take such actions as the new 
Agent may reasonably require for the purpose of vesting in such new Agent the 
rights, powers and obligation of the Agent and releasing the retiring Agent from 
its further obligations under the Loan Terms of the outstanding Loans and the 
Agency Agreement. Unless the Issuer and the new Agent agrees otherwise, the 
new Agent shall be entitled to the same fees and the same indemnities as the 
retiring Agent. 
25. 
No Direct Actions by Noteholders 
(a) 
A Noteholder may not take any steps whatsoever against the Issuer to enforce 
or recover any amount due or owing to it pursuant to the Loan Terms, or to 
initiate, support or procure the winding-up, dissolution, liquidation, company 
reorganisation or bankruptcy (or its equivalent in any other jurisdiction) of the 
Issuer in relation to any of the liabilities of the Issuer under the Loan Terms. Such 
steps may only be taken by the Agent. 
(b) 
Clause 25(a) shall not apply if the Agent has been instructed by the Noteholders 
for the relevant Loan in accordance with the Loan Terms to take certain actions 
but fails for any reason to take, or is unable to take (for any reason other than a 
failure by a Noteholder to provide documents in accordance with Clause 
24.1(b)), such actions within a reasonable period of time and such failure or 
inability is continuing. However, if the failure to take certain actions is caused by 
the non-payment by the Issuer of any fee or indemnity due to the Agent under

--- Page 115 ---
115 
 
the Loan Terms or the Agency Agreement or by any reason described in Clause 
24.2(k) such failure must continue for at least 40 Business Days after notice 
pursuant to Clause 24.2(l) before a Noteholder may take any action referred to 
in Clause 25(a). 
(c) 
The provisions of Clause 25(a) shall not in any way limit an individual 
Noteholder’s right to claim and enforce payments which are due to it under 
Clause 11.4 (Mandatory repurchase due to a Change of Control Event or a De-
listing Event (put option)) or other payments which are due by the Issuer to some 
but not all Noteholders. 
26. 
Time-Bar 
(a) 
The right to receive repayment of the principal of Notes issued under the MTN 
Programme shall be time-barred and become void ten years from the relevant 
Maturity Date or Redemption Date (as applicable). The right to receive payment 
of Interest (excluding any capitalised Interest) shall be time-barred and become 
void three years from the relevant due date for payment. The Issuer is entitled 
to any funds set aside for payments in respect of which the Noteholders’ right 
to receive payment has been time-barred and has become void. 
(b) 
If a limitation period is duly interrupted in accordance with the Swedish Act on 
Limitations (Sw. preskriptionslag (1981:130)), a new time-bar period of ten years 
with respect to the right to receive repayment of the principal of the Notes, and 
of three years with respect to the right to receive payment of interest (excluding 
capitalised interest) will commence, in both cases calculated from the date of 
interruption of the time-bar period, as such date is determined pursuant to the 
provisions of the Swedish Act on Limitations. 
27. 
Notices and Press Releases 
27.1 
Notices 
(a) 
Any notice or other communication to be made under or in connection with the 
Loan Terms: 
(i) 
if to the Agent, shall be given at the address registered with the Swedish 
Companies Registration Office (Sw. Bolagsverket) on the Business Day 
prior to dispatch or to such address as notified by the Agent to the Issuer 
from time to time or, if sent by email by the Issuer, to such email address 
as notified by the Agent to the Issuer from time to time; 
(ii) 
if to the Administrative Agent, shall be given at the address registered 
with the Swedish Companies Registration Office on the Business Day 
prior to dispatch or to such address as notified by the Administrative 
Agent from time to time or, if sent by email, to such email address as 
notified by the Administrative Agent from time to time; 
(iii) 
if to the Issuer, shall be given at the address registered with the Swedish 
Companies Registration Office on the Business Day prior to dispatch or

--- Page 116 ---
116 
 
to such address as notified by the Issuer from time to time or, if sent by 
email, to such email address as notified by the Issuer from time to time; 
and 
(iv) 
if to the Noteholders, shall be given at their addresses as registered with 
the CSD, on the Business Day prior to dispatch, and by either courier 
delivery (if practically possible) or letter, provided that the same means 
of communication shall be used for all Noteholders. A notice to the 
Noteholders shall also be published on the websites of the Issuer and 
the Agent. 
(b) 
Any notice or other communication made by one Person to another under or in 
connection with the Loan Terms shall be sent by way of courier, personal 
delivery or letter (and, if between the Agent and the Issuer, by email) and will 
only be effective, in case of courier or personal delivery, when it has been left at 
the address specified in Clause 27.1(a) or, in case of letter, three Business Days 
after being deposited postage prepaid in an envelope addressed to the address 
specified in Clause 27.1(a) or, in case of email to the Agent or the Issuer, when 
received in legible form by the email address specified in Clause 27.1(a). 
(c) 
Failure to send a notice or other communication to a Noteholder or any defect 
in it shall not affect its sufficiency with respect to other Noteholders. 
27.2 
Press releases 
(a) 
Any notice that the Issuer or the Agent shall send to the Noteholders pursuant 
to Clauses 9 (Optional Interest Deferral), 11.3 (Voluntary total redemption (call 
option)), 11.4 (Mandatory repurchase due to a Change of Control Event or a De-
listing Event (put option)), 12.3 (Voluntary total redemption (call option)), 12.4 
(Voluntary total redemption due to a Special Event), 12.5 (Voluntary total 
redemption due to a Change of Control Event),12.8 (Cancellation of 
Subordinated Notes), 14.1(c), 17.1(c), 18(d), 19(o), 20(a), 21(a), 22(g), 23.5, 
24.2(l) and 24.4(a) shall also be published on the websites of the Issuer and the 
Agent, and as from the date when the Notes have been listed by way of press 
release by the Issuer or the Agent, as applicable. 
(b) 
In addition to Clause 27.2(a), if, any information relating to the Notes or the 
Group contained in a notice the Agent may send to the Noteholders under these 
General Terms and Conditions has not already been made public by way of a 
press release, the Agent shall before it sends such information to the 
Noteholders give the Issuer the opportunity to issue a press release containing 
such information. If the Issuer does not promptly issue a press release and the 
Agent considers it necessary to issue a press release containing such information 
before it can lawfully send a notice containing such information to the 
Noteholders, the Agent shall be entitled to issue such press release. 
28. 
Force Majeure and Limitation of Liability 
(a) 
The Agent, the IPA, the Administrative Agent and the Dealers shall not be held 
responsible for any damage arising out of any legal enactment, or any measure

--- Page 117 ---
117 
 
taken by a public authority, or war, strike, lockout, boycott, blockade or any 
other similar circumstance (a "Force Majeure Event"). The reservation in 
respect of strikes, lockouts, boycotts and blockades applies even if the Agent, 
the IPA, the Administrative Agent or any Dealer itself takes such measures, or is 
subject to such measures. 
(b) 
Losses arising in other cases shall not be compensated by an Issuing Dealer, the 
Administrative Agent or the IPA if the relevant entity has exercised due care. In 
no case shall compensation be paid for indirect losses. 
(c) 
Should a Force Majeure Event arise which prevents the Agent, the 
Administrative Agent, the IPA or the Issuing Dealer of a Loan from taking any 
action required to comply with the relevant Loan Terms, such action may be 
postponed until the obstacle has been removed. 
(d) 
The provisions in this Clause 28 apply unless they are inconsistent with the 
provisions of the Central Securities Depositories and Financial Instruments 
Accounts Act or the Norwegian Central Securities Depository Act, as applicable, 
which respective provisions shall take precedence. 
29. 
Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
(a) 
The Loan Terms, and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection therewith, shall be governed by and construed in accordance with 
the laws of Sweden. 
(b) 
Any dispute or claim arising in relation to any Loan Terms shall, be determined 
by Swedish courts and the District Court of Stockholm shall be the court of first 
instance. 
________________________

--- Page 118 ---
118 
 
SCHEDULE 1 
Form of Compliance Certificate 
To: 
Nordic Trustee & Agency AB (publ) as Agent 
From: 
Cibus Nordic Real Estate AB (publ) as Issuer 
Dated: 
[●] 
 
Dear Madams, Sirs, 
Cibus Nordic Real Estate AB (publ)’s MTN Programme (the "MTN Programme") 
(a) 
We refer to the general terms and conditions dated [date] (the "General Terms 
and Conditions"). This is a Compliance Certificate. Terms defined in the General 
Terms and Conditions have the same meaning when used in this Compliance 
Certificate unless given a different meaning in this Compliance Certificate. 
(b) 
This Compliance Certificate is submitted in accordance with Clause 14.1(d) of 
the General Terms and Conditions for all outstanding Loans under the MTN 
Programme in accordance with Clause 14.1(a).  
(c) 
This Compliance Certificate relates to: 
Reference Date: [date] 
(d) 
We confirm that the Maintenance Test is met and that: 
the LTV Ratio was:  
 
[     ]; and 
the Interest Coverage Ratio was:  
[      ]. 
(e) 
The calculations for the Maintenance Test above are based on the following 
figures: 
Net Interest Bearing Debt: 
[     ] 
Value of the Properties:   
[     ] 
EBITDA:  
 
[     ] 
Net Finance Charges: 
 
[     ] 
(f) 
We confirm that no Event of Default is continuing. [If this statement cannot be 
made, the certificate should identify any Event of Default that is/would be 
continuing and the steps taken to remedy it.]

--- Page 119 ---
119 
 
(g) 
The calculation of the Maintenance Test has been made on the figures for the 
Relevant Period ending on the Reference Date stated above, as set out in 
Schedule 1, attached hereto. 
(h) 
[We confirm that the outstanding aggregate Nominal Amount of [Non-
Subordinated Notes]/[Subordinated Notes] of the Loan with loan number [•] 
(whereby Notes held by a Group Company shall not be considered as 
"outstanding") is 20 per cent. or less of the aggregate Nominal Amount of such 
Loan originally issued.] 
 
CIBUS NORDIC REAL ESTATE AB (PUBL) 
 
 
___________________________ 
___________________________ 
Name: 
 
 
Name:

--- Page 120 ---
120 
 
SCHEDULE 2 
Form of Final Terms 
Cibus Nordic Real Estate AB (publ) 
Final Terms 
for Loan number [●] 
under Cibus Nordic Real Estate AB (publ)’s Swedish MTN Programme (the "MTN Programme") 
The following are the final terms and conditions ("Final Terms") of Loan no. [●] (the "Loan") that 
Cibus Nordic Real Estate AB (publ) (the "Issuer") issues in the capital market under the MTN 
Programme. 
The general terms and conditions dated [date] (the "General Terms and Conditions") set out in the 
Issuer’s base prospectus dated [date], prepared by the Issuer in accordance with Article 8 of the 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 "Prospectus Regulation" ([as supplemented on [●]], the "Base 
Prospectus") and the Final Terms set forth below shall apply to the Loan. Unless otherwise stated, 
definitions used in these Final Terms shall have the meaning set forth in the General Terms and 
Conditions or otherwise in the Issuer’s Base Prospectus, including any published supplemental 
prospectus prepared for the MTN Programme from time to time in accordance with the Prospectus 
Regulation. 
This document constitutes the Final Terms for the Loan and has been prepared in accordance with 
Article 8.4 of the Prospectus Regulation. Complete information regarding the Issuer and the Loan 
may only be obtained through a reading of the Final Terms together with the Base Prospectus. The 
Base Prospectus and any supplemental prospectus are available on the Issuer’s website 
(www.cibusnordic.com). 
[[These Final Terms replace the Final Terms dated [date], whereupon the Nominal Amount has 
been increased from [SEK]/[EUR]/[NOK]/[DKK] [amount in figures] to [SEK]/[EUR]/[NOK]/[DKK] 
[amount in figures].] 
GENERAL 
1. 
Loan number:
[●] 
Tranche number:
[●] 
2. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount:
 
(a) 
For the Loan:
[SEK]/[EUR]/[NOK]/[DKK] [●] 
(b) 
Tranche 1:
[SEK]/[EUR]/[NOK]/[DKK] [●] 
(c) 
[Tranche 2:
[SEK]/[EUR]/[NOK]/[DKK] [●]]

--- Page 121 ---
121 
 
3. 
Price per Note:
[●]% of the Nominal Amount [plus 
accrued interest from and including [●]] 
4. 
Currency:
[SEK]/[EUR]/[NOK]/[DKK] 
5. 
Nominal Amount:
[SEK]/[EUR]/[NOK]/[DKK] 
[●] 
[(the 
stated amount may not be less than EUR 
100,000 or an equivalent amount in SEK, 
NOK or DKK)] 
6. 
Issue Date:
[●] 
7. 
Interest Commencement Date:
[Issue Date]/[●] 
8. 
Maturity Date:
[●] / [Perpetual in accordance with 
Clause 12.1 (No maturity) of the General 
Terms and Conditions] (in relation to 
Subordinated Notes only.) 
9. 
Voluntary total redemption (call option):
[●] [Further details specified under 
paragraph [15]/[17]]/[Not Applicable] 
10. 
Interest structure:
[Fixed interest]/ [Floating Rate (FRN)] 
11. 
Basis for calculation of interest:
[Nominal Amount]/[●] 
Basis for calculation of return 
 
12. 
Fixed Interest Rate:
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
(if not applicable, delete the remaining 
subheadings under this heading) 
(a) 
Interest Rate:
[[●]% per annum]/ 
[(i) 
[from 
([but 
excluding]/[and 
including]) the Interest Commencement 
Date to ([and including]/[but excluding]) 
the date falling [[ten]/[●] years [and [●] 
months] 
after 
the 
Interest 
Commencement Date, [●]% per annum; 
(ii) 
from 
([but 
excluding]/[and 
including]) the date falling [[ten]/[●] 
years [and [●] months] after the Interest 
Commencement 
Date 
to 
([and 
including]/[but excluding]) the date 
falling [[25]/[●] years [and [●] months] 
after the Interest Commencement Date, 
[Interest Rate plus 25 bps]/[[●]]% per 
annum; and

--- Page 122 ---
122 
 
(iii) 
from 
([but 
excluding]/[and 
including]) the date falling [[25]/[●] 
years [and [●] months] after the Interest 
Commencement 
Date 
to 
([and 
including]/[but 
excluding]) 
the 
Redemption Date, [Interest Rate plus 75 
bps]/[[●]]% per annum.] 
 
[Specify] 
 
(b) 
Interest Period:
[SEK/EUR: Period from (but excluding) 
[●] up to and including [●] (the first 
interest period) and thereafter each 
period of approximately [●] months with 
the final day on an Interest Payment 
Date] 
[NOK/DKK: Period from and including 
[●] up to (but excluding) [●] (the first 
interest period) and thereafter each 
period of approximately [●] months with 
the final day on an Interest Payment 
Date] 
(Correct the above in the event of a short 
or long first coupon) 
 
(c) 
Interest Payment Date(s):
[Annually [●]]/[semi-annually [●] and 
[●] ]/[quarterly [●], [●], [●] and [●]], the 
first time on [●] and the last time on [●], 
however if such a day is not a Business 
Day, interest will not be paid until the 
following Business Day. 
(d) 
Day Count Convention:
[30/360]/[Actual/360] 
(e) 
Risk factors:
In accordance with the risk factor with 
the heading [●] in the Base Prospectus. 
13. 
Floating Rate (FRN:)
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
(if not applicable, delete the remaining 
subheadings under this heading) 
(a) 
Interest Base:
[●] 
months 
[[STIBOR]/[EURIBOR]/[NIBOR]/[CIBOR]] 
[The Interest Base for the first coupon 
will be a linear interpolation between

--- Page 123 ---
123 
 
[●]
months 
[STIBOR]/ 
[EURIBOR]/[NIBOR]/[CIBOR] and [●] 
months 
[STIBOR]/[EURIBOR]/[NIBOR]/[CIBOR]] 
(b) 
Margin:
[[+/-] [●]% per annum]/ 
 
[(i) 
[from 
([but 
excluding]/[and 
including]) the Interest Commencement 
Date to ([and including]/[but excluding]) 
the date falling [[ten]/[●] years [and [●] 
months] 
after 
the 
Interest 
Commencement Date, [●]% per annum; 
(ii) 
from 
([but 
excluding]/[and 
including]) the date falling [[ten]/[●] 
years [and [●] months] after the Interest 
Commencement 
Date 
to 
([and 
including]/[but excluding]) the date 
falling [[25]/[●] years [and [●] months] 
after the Interest Commencement Date, 
[Margin plus 25 bps]/[[●]]% per annum; 
and 
(iii) 
from 
([but 
excluding]/[and 
including]) the date falling [[25]/[●] 
years [and [●] months] after the Interest 
Commencement 
Date 
to 
([and 
including]/[but 
excluding]) 
the 
Redemption Date, [Margin plus 75 
bps]/[[●]]% per annum.] 
 
[Specify] 
 
(c) 
Interest Determination Date:
Two Business Days prior to the first day 
of each Interest Period, commencing on 
[●] 
(d) 
Interest Period:
[SEK/EUR: Period from (but excluding) 
[●] up to and including [●] (the first 
interest period) and thereafter each 
period of approximately [●] months with 
the final day on an Interest Payment 
Date] 
[NOK/DKK: Period from and including 
[●] up to (but excluding) [●] (the first 
interest period) and thereafter each 
period of approximately [●] months with

--- Page 124 ---
124 
 
the final day on an Interest Payment 
Date.] 
(e) 
Interest Payment Date(s):
[●], [●], [●] and [●] of each year, the first 
time on [●] and the last time on [●]. 
However, if such a day is not a Business 
Day, the Interest Payment Date shall 
instead be the next Business Day 
provided that such Business Day does 
not fall in the new calendar month, in 
which case the Interest Payment Date 
shall be the preceding Business Day. 
(f) 
Day Count Convention:
[30/360]/[Actual/360] 
(g) 
Risk factors:
In accordance with the risk factor with 
the heading [●] in the Base Prospectus. 
REPAYMENT 
 
14. 
Amount with which Note are to be repaid 
on the Maturity Date: 
[[●]% of the Nominal Amount]/[Not 
Applicable] 
15. 
Non-Subordinated Notes -
Voluntary 
total redemption (call option): 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(if not applicable, delete the remaining 
subheadings under this heading) 
[The Issuer may redeem all, and not 
some only, of the outstanding Notes in 
accordance with Clause 11.3 in the 
General Terms and Conditions:] 
[[(i)] at any time from and including [the 
first Business Day falling [●] ([●]) 
[months/days] after the Issue Date] / [●] 
to, but excluding, [the Maturity Date] / 
[●] at an amount per Note equal to [●] 
per cent. of the Nominal Amount, 
together with accrued but unpaid 
interest;][and/or] 
[[(i)] / [(ii)] at any time from and 
including the first Business Day falling 
[●] ([●]) [months/days] prior to the 
Maturity Date to, but excluding, the 
Maturity Date, at an amount equal to 
100 per cent. of the Nominal Amount 
together with accrued but unpaid 
interest 
[in 
connection 
with 
a 
refinancing of the Notes in full or in part

--- Page 125 ---
125 
 
with one or several new Market Loan or 
other similar capital markets issues.]]  
[Specify] 
16. 
Non-Subordinated Notes Clean-up Call:
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
17. 
Subordinated Notes - Voluntary total 
redemption (call option): 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(if not applicable, delete the remaining 
subheadings under this heading) 
The Issuer may redeem all, and not some 
only, of the outstanding Subordinated 
Notes in accordance with Clause 12.3 in 
the General Terms and Conditions on 
the Subordinated Notes Call Date or on 
any Interest Payment Date falling 
thereafter at a price per Subordinated 
Note equal to [100]/[[●]] per cent. of the 
Nominal Amount together with accrued 
but unpaid interest and any Deferred 
Interest. 
18. 
Subordinated Notes - Voluntary total 
redemption due to a Special Event: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(if not applicable, delete the remaining 
subheadings under this heading) 
The Issuer may redeem all, but not some 
only, of its Subordinated Notes in 
accordance with Clause 12.4 in the 
General Terms and Conditions at any 
time at a price per Subordinated Note 
equal to: 
(i) if the Redemption Date falls prior to 
the Subordinated Notes Call Date, 
[101]/[[●]] per cent. of the Nominal 
Amount; or 
(ii) if the Redemption Date falls on or 
after the Subordinated Notes Call Date, 
[100]/[[●]] per cent. of the Nominal 
Amount, 
in each case together with accrued but 
unpaid interest and any Deferred 
Interest.

--- Page 126 ---
126 
 
19. 
Subordinated Notes - Voluntary total 
redemption due to a Change of Control 
Event: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(if not applicable, delete the remaining 
subheadings under this heading) 
The Issuer may redeem all, but not some 
only, of its Subordinated Notes in 
accordance with Clause 12.5 in the 
General Terms and Conditions at any 
time at a price per Subordinated Note 
equal to: 
(i) if the Redemption Date falls prior to 
the Subordinated Notes Call Date, 
[101]/[[●]] per cent. of the Nominal 
Amount; or 
(ii) if the Redemption Date falls on or 
after the Subordinated Notes Call Date, 
[100]/[[●]] per cent. of the Nominal 
Amount, 
in each case together with accrued but 
unpaid interest and any Deferred 
Interest. 
 
20. 
Subordinated Notes Clean-up Call:
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
OTHER 
 
21. 
Issuing Dealer(s):
[Danske Bank A/S, Danmark, Sweden 
Branch]/[Nordea 
Bank 
Abp]/[OP 
Corporate Bank plc]/[Pareto Securities 
AB]/[Swedbank AB (publ)]/[●] 
22. 
Administrative Agent:
[Danske Bank A/S, Danmark, Sweden 
Branch]/[Nordea 
Bank 
Abp]/[Pareto 
Securities AB]/[Swedbank AB (publ)]/[●]
23. 
CSD:
[SEK/EUR: Euroclear] (for Notes in 
SEK/EUR) / [NOK/DKK: VPS] (for Notes in 
NOK/DKK) 
24. 
Admission to trading:
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
(if not applicable, delete the remaining 
subheadings under this section) 
(a) 
Regulated Market:
An application for registration will be 
submitted to [the corporate bond list of

--- Page 127 ---
127 
 
Nasdaq Stockholm] / [the sustainable 
bond list of Nasdaq Stockholm] / [specify 
other Regulated Market] 
(if Green Notes or Sustainability-Linked 
Notes have been specified as applicable, 
such Notes are to be listed on the 
sustainable 
bond 
list 
of 
Nasdaq 
Stockholm (if possible)) 
(b) 
Estimate of all costs in conjunction 
with admission to trading: 
[●] 
(c) 
Total number of Notes admitted 
to trading: 
[●] 
(d) 
Date for admission to trading:
Tranche 1: [●] 
[Tranche 2:] [●] 
25. 
ISIN:
[SE[●]] / [NO[●]] 
26. 
Common Code:
[●] [Not Applicable] 
27. 
Credit rating for Loan:
[Not applicable] / [Specify] 
28. 
Resolution as basis for the Issue:
[Specify] 
29. 
Interests of natural or legal persons 
involved in the issue: 
 
[Other than the compensation paid to 
the 
Issuing 
Dealer[s] 
based 
on 
[their]/[its] participation in the MTN 
Programme and this issue, the Issuer is 
not aware of any Persons involved with 
any interest of significance to the issue] 
/ [Specify] 
[description 
of 
the 
interests 
of 
significance to the issue for any natural 
or legal persons involved in the issue, 
including conflicts of interest] 
 
30. 
Information from third parties:
[Any information in these Final Terms 
which has been sourced form a third 
party has been accurately reproduced 
and, as for as the Issuer is aware and is 
able to ascertain from information 
published by that third party, no facts 
have been omitted which would render 
the reproduced information inaccurate 
or misleading] / [Not Applicable]

--- Page 128 ---
128 
 
31. 
Use of proceeds:
[General corporate purposes] / [[An 
amount equivalent to the Net Proceeds 
shall be used] in accordance with the 
Green Notes Framework]/[●] 
32. 
Net Proceeds:
[●] [less customary transaction costs 
and fees] / [Specify] 
GREEN NOTES 
 
33. 
Green Notes:
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
(if not applicable, delete the remaining 
subheadings under this section) 
34. 
Green Notes Framework:
[The Green Notes Framework dated [●] 
applies to this Loan]/[●] 
35. 
Risk factors:
In accordance with the risk factor with 
the heading [●] in the Base Prospectus. 
SUSTAINABILITY-LINKED NOTES
36. 
Sustainability-Linked Notes:
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(if not applicable, delete the remaining 
subheadings under this heading) 
Sustainability-Linked Notes Framework 
dated [●] is applicable in relation to this 
Loan 
(a) 
Sustainability-Linked Interest Rate 
Increase: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(if not applicable, delete the remaining 
subheadings under this heading) 
[•] basis points (in addition to the 
[Margin (if floating interest rate is 
applicable)]/[Interest 
Rate 
(if 
fixed 
interest rate is applicable)]/[Specify] 
(b) 
Sustainability-Linked Interest Rate 
Decrease: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(if not applicable, delete the remaining 
subheadings under this heading) 
[•] basis points (deducted from the 
[Margin (if floating interest rate is 
applicable)]/[Interest 
Rate 
(if 
fixed 
interest rate is applicable)]/[Specify] 
(c) 
Sustainability-Linked Redemption 
Premium: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 129 ---
129 
 
(if not applicable, delete the remaining 
subheadings under this heading) 
[[•] percentage points]/[Specify] 
(d) 
Sustainability 
Performance 
Targets: 
[•]/[, 
in 
accordance 
with 
the 
Sustainability-Linked Notes Framework 
dated [•]] 
(e) 
Key Performance Indicator:
[•]/[, 
in 
accordance 
with 
the 
Sustainability-Linked Notes Framework 
dated [•]] 
(f) 
Calculation Method:
[•]/[, 
in 
accordance 
with 
the 
Sustainability-Linked Notes Framework 
dated [•]] 
(g) 
Target Observation Date:
[•]/[, 
in 
accordance 
with 
the 
Sustainability-Linked Notes Framework 
dated [•]] 
(h) 
Sustainability-Linked Report Date:
[The date falling [120] calendar days 
after 
the 
Target 
Observation 
Date]/[Specify other date(s)] 
(i) 
External Verifier:
[Specify]
(j) 
Risk factors:
In accordance with the risk factor with 
the 
heading 
["Risks 
related 
to 
Sustainability-Linked Notes"]/[Specify] in 
the Base Prospectus 
SUBORDINATED NOTES
37. 
Subordinated Notes:
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
(if not applicable, delete the remaining 
subheadings under this section) 
(a) 
Margin Premium:
[[2.50]/[●]% per annum] / [Specify]
(b) 
Change of Control Event Margin 
Premium: 
[[5.00]/[●]% per annum] / [Specify]
(c) 
Subordinated Notes Call Date:
[●]
(d) 
Risk factors:
In accordance with the risk factor with 
the heading [●] in the Base Prospectus. 
 
 
The Issuer confirms that it has disclosed all material events after the date of this MTN Programme 
regarding the Base Prospectus that could affect the market’s perception of the Issuer.

--- Page 130 ---
130 
 
The Issuer further confirms that the above Final Terms are applicable to the Loan, together with 
the General Terms and Conditions, and undertakes accordingly to pay principal and, where 
applicable, interest. 
[Place] [date for signing of Final Terms] 
CIBUS NORDIC REAL ESTATE AB (PUBL)

--- Page 131 ---
131 
 
ADDRESSES 
 
ISSUER 
Cibus Nordic Real Estate AB (publ) 
Kungsgatan 56 
SE-111 22 Stockholm 
Sweden 
Tel.: +46 70 858 04 53 
LEGAL COUNSEL
Roschier Advokatbyrå AB 
Brunkebergstorg 2 
P.O. Box 7358 
SE-103 90 Stockholm 
Sweden  
Tel.: +46 8 553 190 00 
 
AUDITOR
Öhrlings Pricewaterhousecoopers AB 
Lokstallsgatan 1-9 PwC Lastkajen,  
SE-113 21 Stockholm 
Sweden  
Tel.: 010-212 40 00 
DEALERS 
Danske Bank A/S, Danmark, Sverige Filial
P.O. Box 7523 
SE-103 92 Stockholm 
Sweden 
Tel.: +46 8 568 805 77  
Nordea Bank Abp
Hamnbanegatan 5 
00020 NORDEA, Helsinki 
Finland 
Tel.: +358 (0) 200 5000 
 
Pareto Securities AB
Berzelii Park 9 
111 47 Stockholm 
Sweden 
Tel.: +46 8 402 51 70 
 
Swedbank AB (publ)
SE-105 34 Stockholm 
Sweden 
Tel.: +46 8 700 99 85 
OP Corporate Bank plc
Gebhardinaukio 1 
PL 308 
FI-00510 Helsinki 
Finland 
Tel.: +358 100 05151 
AGENT
 
Nordic Trustee & Agency AB (publ) 
 
P.O. Box 7329 
SE-103 90 Stockholm 
Sweden 
Tel.: +46 8 783 79 00 
 
CENTRAL SECURITIES DEPOSITORY
Verdipapirsentralen ASA
Fred Olsens gate 1 
Postboks 1174 
NO-0152 Oslo 
Norway 
Tel.: +47 2 263 53 00 
Euroclear Sweden AB
P.O. Box 191 
SE-101 23 Stockholm 
Sweden 
Tel.: +46 8 402 90 00